almost all of the room was over scripted as the most common question that he was good the ponytail flip on stage of the lapio's haird me you know that was fun that was it that was the only moment on stage right was going down yeah that was listen that was real again everybody thinks all the stuff at the press conference you guys put it up to that's not all this is all that's us real the pony here the flip on stage so that's that's the stage so it's kind and full I think I had before the press conference have been going around signing Mr. Olympia yes that's it was yeah that's just respect for out of care else it I'm old school you don't sign you don't sign you don't sign a title you haven't heard okay welcome to it's just body building I'm big round parlor I got my co-host dusty handshaw Scott the producer McNally is running stuff right now because we got two special guests these two guys I'm not even gonna rattle off everything I'm just gonna say Hall of Famers and legends obviously we got Sean Ray in the House fellow mutant thanks for being here buddy adding the color yes and Bob Chickarello the voice of bodybuilding what's up hey man it's good to see you again and is it safe to say that you're kind of you know part of the mutant family a little bit we talk about this at all officially yes V-Chim have come to terms are they were very difficult long and drawn out but the negotiations we've put together at the I am I officially part of the mutant nation by front I'm glad that your PR people could I could work out an extensive contract with Jimmy's he's a he's a tough cookie to deal with this guy he promised to enroll me in these cigar the month club and that was enough for me okay there we are there we go so it's great to have you guys on obviously you guys I mean how many Arnold's have you been to Sean this is my 36 consecutive year so the because it was originally when Gospari wanted it was called the world wasn't 1888 88 it was the world yes and that was not the spark that was my Christian my Christian one that and then Gospari won the first 1989 Arnold's yeah okay and then you came along in 90 then you came back in 91 and you shot everybody up I shot him up yeah I've never been going we'll talk about 90 because everybody knows 90 was a precursor it was an advertisement for 91 so it was bittersweet yeah but I was glad to be a part of the history yeah right the one and only time they tested and the one and only time I failed there you go so it's safe to say Sean came up a little short yeah you know I only failed the drug test I take that was a necessary part of my journey yeah because it made me pause and then appreciate because I could have went south yeah yeah I put my entire year you'd be like the Texas or something yeah I could have went down to Georgia but I could have went the other way because that was a full-year training you know how expensive it is getting ready for a show especially back then and I thought my career was hanging in the balance and I didn't know what was going to be in front of me but I did know a few months later five months later they were going to do it all again in September after Mr. Olympia yeah Chicago and I rolled the dice I went in and I got third place I remember I was telling you did all I run listen you spent the next 12 years in a top five in the Olympic all for the title so they were about to just find I I was telling Sean earlier I I had to remind him I said you know I started training in 1990 and so the year Leigh Hayney was my first Mr. Olympia and Sean Ray was was my first Arnold Classic champion you know and I had pictures of him on my binder in high school and pictures of all the champs you know I had pictures of him too from the from the teenage nationals that we could be to that as he beat my ass for the title which I'm so pissed about that's the day no politics like like pictures of the world we're reunited we feel so good that's the reason Bob still trains that's why that's why the Georgia by the way that's the guy got hooked on that one ever but 1985 I'll never let you forget nineteen eighty five teen the issues that's all far back we got he was so but hurt that he moved to Georgia to 30 years life right that's funny no it's it's it's it's good memories those early days you know I remember that 1990 Olympia I remember cutting all the pictures out of flex you know as Hayney the broader Ray fourth was Christian Mike Christian was he fourth I think in Olympia yeah you know no fifth maybe he was up in that groove which just far as it's a fifth place Tiger remind that fourth place was it Ben Fato oh damn I'd have to like refresh my memory title yeah no when we're talking 90 90 drug tested oh drug test the Arnold or the Olympia yeah yeah Yeah, you're talking my limpio. Yeah, so we're getting no, I mean third place We gotta bring it up. I'm gonna bring it up to phone now. We're good. Yeah, no Third place in 1990. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah So we want you got the top three. Why is it fifth? Who the hell was in fourth? Well, yeah, would you try it on me? My Christian. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I remember the first time I saw you Bob you were training with Tom Oh yeah, yeah, go on to bed. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I remember the first time I saw you I was down there with my friend from Australia who qualified for the oh and and you we were all the jam and you guys were talking to us and and I Remember just thinking like oh shit. This is Bob and Tom Tom was a monster So here's a here's a great Tom print story for you guys right this was Tom He was so quirky, but I loved him to death, right? We're training once right I moved to California we became training partners. We're at Glitz gym training All right, we're doing some shoulders whatever right we get to the last exercise and some kid was on the machine that we water Right he's so many he got kids off to start so Tom says I know problem right he grabs his gym back and he He starts walking right so I'm like all right my guess were done right it was like the last exercise He starts walking towards the back door. You can park in the back at that time So I'm like I want I think we're done we're gonna go to the firehouse and get a bot ball, right? I go out the door We get in this car He starts driving the opposite way. I'm like what else he going to world we drove the world's gym can't make this shit up We drove the world's gym went in That on this piece of equipment to finish our arts our set 3 more sets do Who does this oh it's like 10 boxes? Yeah, I mean it was but then we went to the firehouse and got a bot ball, but he was correct. I'm like I had no idea where do you mean I thought we were done You know that is why his legs looked the way they looked He was let me tell you something about Tommy he was ungodly strong Yeah, he could put I would never believe this I'm the Smith machine he could put five plates in each side right we're doing like in client chest and start from the bottom Like that's what we used to freak me out as I could never do that I am too long you know it is yeah, yeah You gotta start at the top kind of feel your way You know he would start at the bottom. I don't even know how you can do it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I'd tell him with something else Yeah, that was such a great era You know that whole 90s era into the early 2000s it was all the same guys You know like that was like that crew that just cool was mixture had the battle for the Olympia Yeah, and the battle for the Olympia tapes he'd take you behind the curtain kind Yeah, because a lot of guys were flossed with their cars, but it's time you kind of got a little bit of their lifestyle Yeah, which we never saw before it's you who started that and then we also got a little sneak peek of like what they look like a week or 10 days or two weeks before This is the original raw footage Yeah, it was that was not staged that was who we were Sure you had it perfectly like you literally we both went to the 87 Nationals, okay? He won I I was it was in the top five but Phil Hill won my category John went on to the pros right now that but I still think the greatest era body-building all things considered of competition was 89 to 99 And it's hard to beat right the 90s were good to of course, but 89 to 99 Yeah, it was a very difficult time very good caliber right you could even make a case for indian 90s to some degree But you know that 87 Nationals Atlantic City man was loaded Yeah, but you did remind me of When the class that you were in tell me the guys names and the That national so I got I got that got tons of stories right, but stuff But I'll give you a brief one no cuz it ties in right 87 Nationals we're gonna go to the nationals It's in the Atlantic City New Jersey at the time I'm in the service academy all right to be a sheriff deputy sheriff I couldn't get out early the whole thing anyways I ended up leaving on Friday at Four o'clock when I got out of the academy to get to Atlantic City right amount of plane I got the the show's going on So when I get there right I could miss my class. I could have already finished. I had no I this is my debut right for the nationals Shard was in the light heavies. I get there. I rush back to think out the middle weights were like on stage when I got there Right plenty of time right to prepare prepared Yeah, so I make my way to the back and then they had like a little locker room type taking a pack The first guy I see is Phil Hill and I'm like well, there goes this show This guy was an animal. Yeah, I'll never forget I could see it this clear as it was yesterday He was standing there. He had a pair of blue trunks on and he had some Nike hype I have something like any standing real wide now. He was putting like oil on something like that I just look at I go what the hell like what who is this guy? Right came from the AAU. Yeah came from the AAU nobody heard of him All right, nobody's beating this guy. So we get to the heavyweight class There's Matt Mendenhall. I saw him there right but he was a mess at that point, but God bless him We've lost half these people unfortunately. I see Phil Hill choice. Look a lot of Duke the Nuff Didn't lose Phil Hill recently. I don't know there was some special reason Oh, I don't know whether he died or not, but I can't get any confirmation, but Phil Hill Got any peri dodech Where's around at the time choice of a lot of choice of a lot of Johnny Ray Kinsey myself Remember Joe me because this is like the inclusion of the AAU guys, right James the mellow Who else was there from the Glen Caner? Right is well like a you they all kind of came over to the 3NPC at that time, but this show was loaded Now I'll give you one more brief one. I don't want to take about a time in 1987, but here's the stuff you didn't see okay We get backstage they pose like the top Eight guys are something like that back then somewhere number right, but I'm dead last in the order because I couldn't get there until later We had made provisions with Jim hanging into the things so I'm like number whatever the last is I'm last right the final two guys in the show was Phil Hill and me This is classic We get backstage right that they got the top guys were gonna do your posing routine right Phil Hill goes out there and I hear my music Oh Right and I'm like wait a minute Please tell me they just didn't put mine in and it's a weird you know, it's a it's a German it's a Barbara Strasse and song right Oh, yeah, nobody in the world would ever have this song right I hear my music I go over to the gut the music guy the time they got a tape Right that's 1987 and I go hey man, did you put my music in it? It's what number I go like to 48 whatever he goes. No, I got yours right there He just happened this guy's gonna win the show. He's bringing the house down that's a standing over it I can't go out there to the same song But you just put on back in black and get it Where come by we're each gonna be pulling by right and I'm like I go bro I got the same song. He's like sucks to be you He's I just give me something else He's like when are you talking up bro? You got to bring your music. I'm gonna get Paul and Spotify. There's just you can't make this you can make this shit up I go to him and I go I got the same music. I can't follow this guy with the same music right He's gonna win all these colors I tell the guy go hey you guys played a song that was like that, you know like the in between music They're in the intermission or something and I'm home in a tool. No, I kind of want to just Yeah, that's all right We got it. I want out if you watch it tape today 87 nationals heavy weights there was a little supers back that the song I post to I didn't even know what it was for years for 10 years I never knew what it was I post to whatever he put on That's hilarious and of course Phil Hill won the show but This guy be hit for the overall so there was the beginning of sugar shawn Ray Right, that's what it all started That's funny so you're driving home going Damned I didn't even see that light heavyweight Well, I knew well we knew each other for you to each other be So he beat me in 85 with the team that he beats me at the 87 and I'm like After that it was just a short 12 years toy to a pro The same year I retired yeah, and then he retired in 2000 when I'd fund me one of the USA We got the band back together took us this long to get back together No, we're too good at offer for the all you can eat buffet. Yes, that's that's it. It's funny to have you guys both sitting here You know on mutant now with us and You know they're wealth and knowledge and he's guys So it's a five to class and 65 Yeah, we're so we're the face of it the same age. He's he's a little bit older than me four months older four months older But we still have to sign going nobody can figure out the Olympic because yeah, we're so we're 58 Okay, but the Olympia celebrating at 60th anniversary Which started in with which started in 1965? Do the math so we're always trying to take weight of it Be right it's a well, there's no years zero right that that yeah, yeah, here's the mystery is like you guys Why didn't I who built the pyramids? How do life began other stuff yeah? The Niagara folks? What's up with that right? There's no years zero. Okay, so even though we were born in 65 You're not one until 66 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah That's the whole annual versus right that hoping but I don't know well we still think we have we're turning 59 And the Olympus turning 60 in the same it's already in 1965 Yeah, so we're all stuck on trivia. We don't know. I know no you guys have been around for the whole thing Yeah, we would what do you when it comes to what you do now Bob the voice of bodybuilding? How did that happen like how did you get into the MCing? How did you wind up? Did you just one day look down and you're like I'm wearing a sequence jacket and there's the Olympia and what am I doing here? No listen I had the stuff liberal. I had to kind of fight my way into the Olympia and back then Robin Chang was putting it out in weater was still around right now That and I was a weater athlete. That was on board now that I had done MC work in local shows So you know it as you've done it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, right and I'm here to correct him. I was making people people got short memories The show was a mess back then when it came to that type of stuff They tried celebrity MCs Triple H Triple H was okay because he loved bodybuilding But they had my family up there got plus mic because we did work with the gladiators Years ago later, but he didn't know bodybuilding. It's sinbed out there Dana Carvey right they had all these celebrities I thought about that and you run you know this cuz you've ever seen a lot of shows They don't know the industry they don't know the business. They don't know nothing so they will local show will have a radio DJ right Oh, the always the worst guy by the radio guy because he never knows what to shut up Because they think they're on the radio. Okay, everybody Wait, you know how about that? I wanted to binge and get some water. Just yeah, you know the dumbest question I'm here to check his memory go ahead Bob I'm listening. I think it's a Robin chain. He was doing it. I'm begging him begging him bro. I can do this coach put me in right? He finally says I listen. I'm gonna give you a shot Do the press conference right right right so me and Triple H did the press conference had a lot of fun doing that stuff at all that I did that for a year or two. I can't remember what it was and then he finally gave me my shot And me and Sean once again. We've been connected for years right help the behind this I had done it the year before Bob arrived I said I need help because I couldn't get my hands around so I could grab it. It was it wasn't in my wheelhouse But I wanted to do it. Yeah, it was a bucket list thing I MC the Olympia then we started talking about Bob well I had brought Bob and Dan when they did pro body building weekly I showed the OG body building My cat they were doing the they were doing pro body building weekly You still listen to every single I took these guys out of the cutter and I put him on my stage I put him on my stage So I had them do their radio show on stage as MCs at my contest in 2006 so yes for Colorado and it looked I loved it right and I could see clearly they can carry the show That's when I was lobbying for some help when Bob came up I literally I disappeared in his shadow on stage as we comb and see the Olympia and that's where I go You look a black we think about really look a black reference on your machado I kicked you I kicked you into this industry racist I did it on my stage Just one of the answer and my show we don't need to be here. That's it. I'm sorry you I didn't know how it got so I came into this I do in the press conference. I bring Danons and we could kind of Combined to do a pro body building weekly ask yes Press conference which was great. It was very good We pumped up you know the old press conferences were boring as boring could be Wayne D'Avillien They're talking stupid right now But so we changed up the whole format was way better than Like chances I got kind of promoted And he says okay listen you and Sean are gonna do the Olympia right by great You know finally we get to kind of do our stick and we did we did that for two years And then they just decided to make a change with that We didn't really know I wound up leaving weater from muscle The bell of the truck I left when I left for muscle development the redhead and stepchild I couldn't do both with weater because we are on the Olympia Yeah, but I was glad to step aside because it's a lot of work and that was what he does Yeah, I was I was endorsing Bob from day one. It wasn't so sure. Yeah, you know, Sean You know, he's like that's your guy. He's the he's got the voice. You know the whole thing, but and that's potentially the whole thing Started with the you know the voice of body building, you know, oh you're the guy with the voice The previous thing is no matter where I go for some of the reason people think Like they'll look like I'll be saying something at restaurants and I'll see somebody will be like Hey, you're doing what you're the you're the Libby a guy. I'm gonna get it's dead your real voice What did you think it was right? I think they think it's like a rap. No. Hey everybody You know a strip club DJ KSUX over here everybody that's a dangerous is a B WIFBB but yeah, they think it's it's like not all that's your real voice. Oh my yeah, that's Nobody sounds like that. Yes, like I speak like that at home. I got it. I got his gentleman kids at the table. How are you ready to eat? I got it. I got to ask you a question you mentioned the press conference and I used to go to the press conference at the Yo when when I before I came with mutant I I went myself every year as a fan So I would go to the press conference. I'd go to the meeting greet all that stuff like get tickets for the show You know and I started going to the own 2002 so I saw the triple H stuff. I saw you I saw all those Yeah, you can't Yeah, yeah, so so I remember having a vodka OJ with triple H at the bar one night like just randomly I was like I'm having a drink with triple H. I can believe it and But I I got to ask you There's been some moments where there's been some tense some what appeared to be real tension at the press conference Like what can be all the insights? Yeah, what's what what to you is like the most volatile thing that you kind of had to deal with Did you ever have to kind of oh I got to make sure nothing happens here if you ever had anything like that happen? It's actually the complete opposite for years You're in it's like pulling teeth to get these guys to say anything because the most boring thing in the world for any of us as fans Right, it's the go somewhere and here's something to say well I'm just here to bring my best package and do the best right can do it. No, you know I'm not really a competition anybody else People are falling asleep, man. This is ether. I'm like guys So yeah, you should have to do like a pup talk backstage To get people to it's like look at we're selling tickets. It's still a show, right? Okay, it can't be don't get me the only one just here to do the best my pack. It's my pack I've heard my pack it so many times I want to get FedEx on as a as a sponsor today event But it's like look at nobody cares about that stuff, okay? Yeah, so you know I would do enough to get people to kind of come on with but we had some great characters back then too Melbourne Anthony Even NASA Quincy marvelous Meldo typeic Molly Yeah, he can his only my bio buddy my mama look buddy king. You know he always bought a crank tightest right We had all these characters which was entertaining as a was he didn't have to do a lot But all those moments are really nothing was ever scripted it's the most common question that I always get the ponytail flip on stage It'd be lepious cared me You know that was fun that was it that was the only moment on stage where I was gonna go down Yeah, that was listen that was real again Everybody thinks all the stuff at the press kind of for that you guys put it up to dancing No, no, listen all that stuff's real the pony here the flip on stage That's that's the stage so it's Kai and Phil and I think Kai at before the press conference have been going around signing Mr. Olympia Yes, that's that's what he was doing Yeah, that's just respect for I don't care else and I'm old school You don't sign you don't sign a title you haven't heard right even now not to not to derail you from this I've never satian, but I got a real pet peeve that even today with people using the title if you want the men's physique Olympia you're not Mr. Olympia right if you're Sean Clarita got blessing me's one of our own right He's not Mr. Olympia not the title. Yes, I'm a title Yeah, right it's a very specific title and people like Sean should take a fence at that because he was fighting for this title Should I had one by the way? I've never signed Mr. Olympia And you don't ever you don't sign you need to a title you didn't earn I got to do that so he had every right to be pissed off at Kai Well Phil had heard that Kai was doing that and any visually saw that he was doing it at the press conference They were going back and forth over that and I think Phil was really fired up and carried over to the pre-judging Prejudging this he was calling out the comparisons and Kai Green had flipped his pony tail this on YouTube You gotta go to you what year was that? 2013 There on YouTube anyway Kai flips his pony tail hits Phil with it 14 Then they start elbowing each other and it was on I thought it was going down No, it's a he couldn't have been going down because if you watched a video back before the pony tail flip I think he got it like an elbow in the one but you can see Phil kind of laughed it off Okay, buddy There we go. The pony tail was kind of like the last straw type of thing and that's what feels like man people got to remember That's like that's a big heavy long I Smack you know he's he's but he was trying to get in the full's head the problem with Phil's you can't get in his head the guy played D1 basketball He's used to trash talking on this You're not gonna get in the was head if anything it backfire it on Kai But I think the best moment of any press conference and everything's it was scripted and it was absolutely not Was when I asked Kai give me three reasons why you'd be Go Well, you know, and any started you started some Kai answer well, you know the let's see Give me three hands greasiness That's a beautiful day. It's a Kai. Hey, hey, hey, no, you know ready everybody Any finally good. I love a 40 pounds heavier. I got to blah blah blah Okay, Phil give me three reasons why you'd be kind and without hesitation he goes 2011 2000 12 2013 Both my drop And my taste goes This was not drifted I didn't give this to Phil but great time We had done enough in it, you know stuff that you're on the same page and the second I asked him He knew exactly where I was going and he delivered on the spot the place when absolutely nuts Yeah, and the Russ is history. I don't think we've ever seen that kind of back and forth in a press conference No, the energy's not there. I don't think the guys are even in the right head space. Oh, they're too nice Yeah, they're too nice I think fans used to be able to ask questions and they don't know do we need another great Like wider line vicious rivalry do we need another one? I mean over a great sport right we got burden magic You get right there's all kinds of you know It's nice to have all Ian Frazier. I mean any great sport has a rival rig and then we go up this peaks and values good years and bad years But I don't know I don't even know if that we need the press conference if the fans aren't gonna be involved right I think the fans that's your chance to ask what you have it's gonna make a fun to me He's got it making a problem. Remember Jose. I mean he always had great Jose can you see we have a lot of there's too many divisions to be represented You know you got the wheelchair you got the wellness some of these people don't be English Right, so you lose a lot that's lost in translation I think we got to figure out what we're doing with the press conference I would love to completely revise it. It was up to me. I'm out part of the Olympia Committing so to say it all that but I would literally turn it more like into a talk show format I didn't have like the tonight show desktop there with the mug with the Olympia logo And I was bringing them out of smaller groups because when you bring out 35 people if you've noticed We all the people are falling asleep They got it chair and then a couch for the people that are ready for them Just like this Let's bring out our wellness The show now I bring the champ out maybe his wife or then you maybe the street or four of them Maybe you got that friends type of set up we got the tools behind so you got there's like six of them Right you know But you could get to who you got a good to specifically clear for go to commercial Right come back with the next one bring out the next crew So so you'd have to you know you'd have to make some choices as to who you're gonna have to talk I got the top guy You could do just as many because you're just bringing them in smaller groups. Yeah, yeah, we're always not falling asleep up there And they're in their chicken, you know a main trend of staying away girls got here and make up You know guys The great is up state it out the girls hate it The girls hate it. They've always hated it. We actually got rid of it for a couple years because we've actually put it to vote For the girls and all of them are like no, we don't want what the guys do this stuff They got here. They got makeup. They got tanning to do they got all these They don't want to be up there talking. They're not gonna talk trash Yeah, I like to format the Bob talk about I think it interject some new energy new life into it I mean, what did you could have the new guys come out right what for Keenie Chicks gonna talk trash Yeah, let me tell you something about this about here Look you got better go here going down who did your hair? Look how the hair was said it's too tone doesn't even match I can see it's too tone See you, I tell this is actually a thing She had too tone hair here. It's the ground sucks. Yeah, you're in the army. What did this? This is not gonna happen? Right, yeah, I'd already create a rivalry like that, right? Yeah, but yeah, you know I would read I would redesign it. I would actually get rid of it from where it is right now And I would put it at the meaty Olympians. Yeah, so here's a question for you. It comes down to rivals You had a very long career at the very top Who would be you say your most vicious rival? I mean, you got to go down to hold top five because you had to get ready for flex How do you ready for Dorian? You had to deal with Kevin? I mean, Nasser, I There are all rivals and we all took turns moving up and down behind Dorian, right? Dorian was the benchmark, so we really couldn't look at beating Dorian. It was like who? If I can be Kevin I can have a shot at Dorian if I can be flex I can have a shot at Dorian So I don't think we were rivals because we were all friends. Yeah, I trained with flex. I knew Kevin The only one we didn't know was Dorian, so when I realized I was off I'm cheering for flex, so I'm cheering for Kevin trying to bring that title back to America none of us like Dorian Dorian wanted nothing to do with us. We were all prima donas in his eyes Right, we didn't like seeing a striving around a nice car or hanging out in muscle beat He didn't like eating that cow one. It's a big part of what drove him. Yeah, yeah It's like being that mind you're like Mr. T and Rocky, right? He's he's lifting in a dungeon That's called a dungeon, right? Yeah, there's no light that gets in there right? You're in the UK to miserable all the time, right? Yeah, and that's just this guy was Was it his fuel he was mean potatoes He didn't want to do like interviews in the Hollywood stuff, but Kevin and Flex and Chris We kind of all looked at each other and we wanted to kind of how do each other We were every time you saw battle for the Olympias someone pulled up in a different car Right, yeah, yeah, you saw the rims Oh, I got those rims We're competing with each other and then there was Dorian So we were all rivals. I don't think we could put one guy ahead of the other because if I focused on flex His track record wasn't really good in the Olympia was going up and down And then here's Kevin with four first runner ups, right? And then Jay comes along and screws everything up for us So I thought you would shoot stuff up his legit you should have beaten Dorian Well, it was a 95 but that was a 94 That was a nice argument which was your best thing you thought I thought 94 was a good guy I think it was a 94 only because again like Jay Jay says he didn't beat Ronnie He caught Ronnie when it was off. I thought I caught Dorian when it was off forget about his eyes But there were things that we can criticize about right? I only got criticized for being short and small Right, but nobody was criticizing my physique. Yeah, that was it so that's kind of where I came from which is why Lebrada was so successful Which is why Muhammad been a Ziza in Muhammad Macnaway So you couldn't criticize them other than the fact that they were small. What do you guys think about? And you get a real good looking this You're the clear the best scene in the house. So I feel like in the last few years We've started seeing more than ever champs getting beat Yeah, and Like this night. Yeah, that's like last night and dusty and I have talked about how we think this is really good For bodybuilding generally I wish that was like that in the 90s. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know How do you how do you you think there was actually a conscious change to like make sure you don't Back up back up change comes when people change. Yes that that Wesley guy was a little jitter right last night Yeah, yeah, and pre-judging I thought this guy's probably gonna win I'm glad they actually did it. Yeah, because no one complained about the victory right when they come when they complain about a champion winning That's when we have a problem that change happened because he improved so dramatically Yeah, Raymond Dino kind of looked the same but Wesley made improvements and he got rewarded so we got to applaud that Do you think there used to be sort of that? Got a knockout to champ mentality and that has somehow been like you know what that's not good for things Oh listen it was horrible for the sport for years. You've also respected the champs whatever You don't have to knock out the champ you got to begin by one point. Yes, I've always hated it knock out the champ thing I think this is bodybuilding you got to present a better physique After touches what I think what I don't like is there was a stretch of time that the judges would just vote for the incumbent Didn't matter. It didn't really seem the matter like Thorian. It was a great example I'll do respect the Dorian again. They'll see you're in most of his titles, but it's not his fault He's not judging them solve but when you had a physique just let's use you as an example All right because you're right here. So I got to talk nice about you Well, but wasn't Sean's energy leaving out arguably at his best all time which was very formidable, right? And then you had Dorian again little pass got to majories torn by sub-torn a Ways his little blowout little block you looking right Which is the best physique now this should be a no-brainer, but don't give it to the champ This because he's the champ right this is listen You know people used to think this was like you're not scripted, but like like there's politics involved right and I said for years If this is contrived then these are the biggest idiots on this earth He's right. I think it's good for business. They have an eight-time champ, but now let me tell you something no Andrew and Sean want everyone on her. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Probably gonna win number five. Whoa. That little s***. I mean, you know, I think she's one six seven. Yeah Are nobody's arguing though nobody's arguing that so there are champions that are legitimately Yeah, that girl that won the wellness. What's your name? Well, it's Yaly. I mean, she's a Three-time Olympia champ and our own Arnold champ, but she's great, but listen, but she's beatable She's very good, but man there's some other girls Let's see you talk about Brazil. I mean, they're bringing it that's a crazy division Brazil division they're all from Brazil You got to feel living in the US. Oh, yeah, yeah, they all waited in my book. Of course. Yeah, sure And at five way time for first But I think what you're gonna see around I think the day of the dynasty is over I don't think in our lifetime We're gonna see a seven or eight at nine-time champ. We might see it with Andrea Shaw No, I'm talking men's body It's bodybuilding. Yeah, I'm not cuz this you got Sydney Gillilins got seven she's got no size of slow and down. I think that for me seen Sean Rodin beat Phil Heath. That didn't like that. That was that it was it was still very questionable to me. I still thought it wasn't. It was not his best. But he still beat Sean Rodin my book Sean with all their respect that it departed. It wasn't great physique at all, but lacking in arms, lacking in chest, lacking in his arms were no longer still. It was off. But an off pill was still better than an on rodin in my book. I didn't like that call. I felt like that was the end of the cycle. That was the end of the cycle. The problem was Phil set the table himself because he came in after you're before with the midsection. It wasn't enough to take him out, but Gullie noted, right? When he came back to second year, he got thrown in. It wasn't any better. They weren't going to give him a pass a second time. No. I still think he was better. I still think he beat Rodin heads up front double by from the midsection is distracted. I just think the midsection killed it for him. Again, you can't reward that. That's not improvement. Whereas I thought for Sean, it was the best we've seen. Even though his physique is not genetically superior. Like Wesley last night, he just nailed it at the right time for him. Do you think that with the men's open, you know, because men's open has become what it is. Bodybuilding has become what it is. The seven eight time camp. It's simply not sustainable. Not to mention it's hate. The age, these guys are not young. These are older guys. We're talking about the average. The average mean age has gone up about 10 or almost 12 years. I was telling you, when I was there. In our days, all of the guys were teenage national champions. I mean, the next one with a team champion, Chris Kormier, Jay Cutler, Branch Warren. None of these guys are starting in their teams as champions. The guys starting pro were 20, Shane DeMoro was 19. You were 21. I mean, that was kind of the one at the right. The guys are now 31 more stoning pro. They don't have the long jab. It's a different look, but I don't see anybody on the horizon. Maybe you do, but I don't. They could go on a five six seven eight run. Without the respect the third lunch for great champion. Looks fantastic. But him and how did he go back and forth this year? Yeah, that's the first time it easily being in a eruption. That's right. Yeah, titles up for grabs. And a Samson comes in and he beats both of them. Yeah, that's the big gift. That's brings us to last night. Last night. But it's a two. It's a 48 hour show. So literally what we saw last night does it even count for today. Because if he comes in here dry tonight, Yeah. It kind of changes the end. What did you have? I don't like the two day show. I don't either. I think that's what the one day format. One day, you know, I don't kiss. If hot he comes in a little bit soft, Samson comes in a little bit hard. It changes what happened last night. This is all in Samson's destiny as in his hands. Oh, my. He's got a superior physique. Let's just call it what it is. Better symmetry. Better proportion better shape. Most please. He's he's he's he pounds heavier. Right. Yes. Since for tall. Samson has that classic. Yeah, like freak front relax. Well, he can carry it with all frame with his height. Where's hot is a little bit boxy. The difference if these two came here's this sums it up perfectly. But not boring last night, but if these two came in 100% that on the money for for them, right? Samson win 10 times out of 10. But right now as I've right this minute, hot is winning this show. He could be because the difference is Samson cannot afford. I said this in other interviews before. The Samson comes in in 95% he wins the show. Okay. He doesn't have to be 100% he's got to be 95% you can't lose that much ground because How do you chew, man? He's hard. He's hard. He's got a great muscle. What's facing? He's not bad when it comes to like symmetry, proportion, shape. He's not as good as Samson. He's not, you know, something like this guy's a box, right? He wanted to Olympia for God's sake. Yeah. If Samson comes in a 90% which is about where he was, right? That door is open, how did you pan like with it? But right now, hot is winning the show. I still remember the year that hot he got third won the people's champion. I actually thought he was going to win the whole show. I agreed with you on that one. Yeah, I would have had no problem with it. Everyone's like, wow, he's only 220, 3 and I'm like, well, I told me that. I wouldn't have known. What's the, when's the scale around that stage? Yeah, I think it's actually a bunch of press round. Maybe we'll bring the top of it a little hot. That was the biggest mess. Hot big, really, Lea, brought his arms. Or even Chris Dickerson for that. Yeah. Yeah, it's just a loose. It's no tape measure and stage. This is body building. What you see is what you judge. But I guarantee Samson is doing some dramatic stuff right now because he knows he's trailing. Yeah. So it begs the question. There's what's hot he doing. He can't take his foot off the gas. So he might even be drier or he might overdo it and spill over. I suspect both guys will be drier than they usually are. Well, that's the danger of our sport. This 48 hours show shit is for the birds. These body builders, they're waiting until, what's time with the on stage last night? Nine o'clock? Nine o'clock? Yeah, I'm waiting on it noon. So we're not seeing that's by the 90s. And we won't finish with it until tonight. So there's probably looking at maybe 10 o'clock. Our stage judge was at noon. So all I had time for was basically breakfast. These guys get smoother and smoother as the hours go by. We're not seeing the best of what we can see. And it's a, it is science for these guys. Yeah. Well, what would be, you know, back the, you know, the best seat in the house thing that I was talking about. What would be an example of one of the most dramatic flips you've ever seen at the old. Oh, this was an easy one actually Gustavo. But though I watched go from eighth place to third. And again, we're going to rest in peace. Western people. I don't know. It's because they had said because we've not been a long enough to have to people. They have to people we thought about it. But it is what it is. But Gustavo, but though was an eighth or ninth. And every round he got better and every round they moved them up. And I got to give the judges credit because they take a lot of shit. Yeah. But you got to give credit when it's due. They let him work his way up. They kept calling him out and he recognized like, wait a minute. I think this guy looks a little bit. Nope. Then he did another call. And he had that that was the area that happened third place. That's the most dramatic. The ketchup I've ever eaten. I'm sorry he posed the better. You got somebody but don't get that opportunity. No, they usually go the other way. They go the other way. And then the other guy is trying to come up. But Gustavo did fight for that one. I see more and more guys melting on stage, which is. When I will tell you that which was my last Olympia. Jay Coatner was winning after pre-junction. He was up by six points. Yeah. That was the year Ronnie Coleman, basically said he was on his deathbed. Yeah, but it was ready to go to the hospital and wasn't able to move. I heard he was drinking like a gallon of food. And guess what? At the night show, it looked that way because he couldn't control his midsection. He had hydrated so much that I thought he got smoother, which is why I thought why didn't Jay win the show. Jay should have won a 2,000, one all day. But how did he won that show? It came out later that he failed the diuretic test. It came out later. Yeah, they didn't take the title off. They didn't take the prize. So here I am complaining again because I was fourth place I should have been third. Jay should have been disqualified. But he should have been running in 2001. He should have been running in 2001. Right. What about the opposite? You ever see anybody, you know, you've seen a lot of other shows, not just Limpia, but you ever see anyone where you're like damn. He's got a loser show tonight. Well, here I'll give you one. It's a little bit of controversial, but people like to refer to Victor Martinez as the uncrown 2007 investor Limpia. Yeah, I want the article. No, I'm going to tell you right now. I'm from here to him. I'm the closest guy to these people even more than the judges. I got a better view, not better view, but I could see their condition and all that. When Victor came out, he was kicking ass. I mean, he was dead on the money. He was good. But every round of day he got softer and softer and softer. So is he the uncrown shitty of beaten, you know, that you ever went. Everyone sees that one photo. I mean, listen, he put the front round. He was great, but then he started to spill. And it got worse and worse and worse as he went. Listen, you got to make it through the entire pre judging. So is he the uncrown? No, he's not. I hate to say it. I love Victor. Great bodybuilder right now. That's tough. But he didn't keep it throughout. That's why he lost it. Jay in 2001, I got winning. I mean, you can make a case, you know, unfortunately. And a lot of you just were a lot of different champs. But that's why they played a game. Now, both of you guys have gotten caught heat for telling it like it is. Give it to you. Don't tell the truth. What? I don't tell the truth. The problem is I got never get any heat from anybody. How do you, how do you embrace that? Well, I mean, for me is I sleep well tonight. I don't want to go back in apologize for stuff. I apologize one time with a gun in my head because I told the truth. I said I'll never do that again because that was a bad look. Haven't to go and try to take back something that you really met. You know, if you're a critique, critiquing a bodybuilder and you're giving your opinion, it's just an opinion. I'm not a judge. Right. But having to go back in a apologize because people don't want to hear the truth. That's a tough thing to do. But the context is it's an inclusive sport. And I got to be mindful when I'm critiquing a bodybuilder. They have wives, they have brothers and sisters. They have family and friends and they're paying for the pay for view. Or a lot of money to come and watch. And then they go home and they listen to it. And they hear maybe their hero or their idol. Not giving positive critique. It's just here's what's wrong with this person. I've always used this phrase to guys not ready for prime time. Some people wind up in the Olympia and they don't deserve to be there. Or they blew the opportunity because they knew they weren't going to be very good. So they smooth out and they come in and look in like garbage. Listen though. Hey. So I tell them they look like garbage and then I catch heat. But as I've got an older, a tempered some of my critique because I realize, yeah, they do have family and friends. This is maybe a once in a lifetime opportunity. And if you've got to the Olympia, you qualify to get there. Just a certain respect you got to give the guys. I'm guilty of just calling it like it is sometimes. The times have changed and the problem with today is social media. It's usually a language that turned postseason to everybody. You can't give a critique that's fair and accurate or you're a hate or. Yeah. It's like what do you mean a hate or so I'm just giving you might might. Yeah. You don't even know these guys. We're prepared to give our opinions on what's going on. Yeah. The problem is is now you got to curtail it. And you got to share it. You can't say somebody sucks. Yeah. And if they do, you got to tell them why they look good. The other problem is is you've got, I've reached got 5000 of the closest friends with their Instagram famous. Right. So they're used to people coddling them and tell them how you got screwed man. Yeah. You got that you've got that run that a deal man. It was bullshit. You know what I'm saying? No. No. Listen. He didn't. He got beat. Okay. Is that possible? You can just get beat because somebody was better. Yeah. You got to get screwed all the time. It's politics. The funny thing is when you're about politics is the local. What's the politics there? I think. Even though their names are synced the pros or there's contracts or maybe there's there's things or there's other stuff. This is some NPC show. But these judges are rolling into. All right. So sometimes if you like one guy, then you hate the other guy. Your number forty six four sixteen that that's all they know. They don't know who you are who trains you who doesn't. But the problem is I'm telling you social media is destroyed. This type of thing like this because you have to watch and be mindful. You can critique. But you got to be a little softer. Yeah. I gave a Derek props for Winnie Olympia and then all the hotkeys fans came after me. Because I said, I think Derek should have won. Listen, all the Persians came for me. I took heat. You can't make this up. I took heat and you can, I tell you I can prove this. Do you go to my Instagram? Yeah. And look back after the Olympia. I took heat for a lot of the Iranian fans because I announced. Derek is the one. So they, they wanted to light him up. How dare you? Yeah. How many? What do you think? What do you think? The money guard after the Olympia. I didn't pick it. I just, right. What have you ever been? Have you ever been shocked when you get that piece of paper? Oh yeah. What's the most shocking thing? Like, I know what it's like to MCHL. I assume the Olympia is pretty much the same. They hand you if you can't. If you can't. You don't turn it over. And you look at that top five and you're like, Whoa. Well, I could tell you this in fairness. I think this is a good, it's a great question, Ron. First of all, behind the scenes stuff. Okay, because people don't realize this. I get the results, I don't fear obviously I'm the first guy to get him, right? And I have turned that paper one. Whoa. Okay. Now, I will tell you. And this has happened more than the last. I don't know. I would say 78 years that it has before that. And I got to give credit to, you know, a big Steve Weinberger and the current crop of judges, Tyler Man, because they will call it as they see it. Yeah. I can't tell you, Ron, how many times? I've turned that paper over. See what I've seen, right? Okay, correct. And now we're going through the thing, but I'll look down and I'll sit and I'll get one of these. Yeah, they want to reach that. For a big Steve, right? Or Steve will say, through a close, we're going to re-judge it. And I'll have a sudden wanting to change. And we've got current champions that that has changed. They live on 100,000. It's a level of power. Like at the night show, that like 11 o'clock at night. This is at the night show, right before the finals, again, that's why we had the confirmation round of scoring. And I'm telling you, we've had two or three changes. Yeah. That I was like, oh, okay, you know, that's like, well, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on. And then I'll get the, if they start coming up with a paper, I know somebody's changing. It's very competitive. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It wasn't, I applaud that because it shows that the judges are doing their job. Right. It shows that they are paying attention. And the reason that we put the confirmation on in years ago was because when we used to do the pre-judging. Yeah. And then that was kind of it for, like, everybody knew like the night show was this, for show, right? Now that kind of stuff. The problem is, is guys would go out and eat pizza and stuff, right? Because they knew it didn't, it wasn't worth nothing at night. And then they come back all smooth down. Yeah. And then here I am, and I'm not so somebody who goes smooth. How did this guy be, what do you, could he mean? I think they call it. So the fans would go crazy and they finally says, you look at, that's enough. We're going to make the kind of, you know, the night show is going to come for something. Yeah. And it had to be a confirmation round because you can't score. Yeah. The posing round doesn't count for anything. I've been arguing with people for years, but it's like, we're at Derek Lensford post two last year. You want the Olympia? Yeah. I don't know. Give me the song. Yeah. But how amazing is it? He posted a winning song. But how amazing is it that I can remember, like the music for Marnell's horse. Right. Like, you're well, back in the second he said, Phil Hill, I thought a fan of the opera. Yeah. Right. First thing I thought of. You know, stuff like that. There's nothing, there's nothing Taylor with the Terminator. Yeah. There's nothing. There's nothing preventing these guys should do in great routines. We just have a point that we don't have as many that are doing great. Like, right now, we don't have anybody doing the pop-lock instead. Right. For a way of tricky Jackson, we had Maldon. We had a whole bunch of guys. We had King Camali. We had Vince Charles. They're a dazzling Durham Charles. King of the 10,000. Freddy, Freddy, small. Freddy, biggie, small. He tried. Yeah. But all of a sudden, it's like, well, we're kind of in a spawner. We just don't have one. Nobody does anything. No, but it's anything. You can do great routines. You're seeing better routines actually in classic. How about this? Who's the best potty-bullying open-poser? Well, today. I think we're going to see a great routine from Antoine. Antoine? Antoine? Antoine? Antoine's going to have the best routine tonight. Okay. Take it out of tonight. Let's just say last year. Okay. Who was our best-poser last year? Mid-spotty-bullying. We saw all the shows. Doesn't matter. Who's the best-poser? No, it doesn't matter. Logan Franklin. Well, I'm saying, body-build. All the classic guys are better. But in open-body-bullying there wasn't one. You almost couldn't pick a winner because they were all just... They all made them. It was a gasposing routine. Yeah. There were okay. They were great. But right now we just don't have that guy. Yeah. Have you ever looked at... Because I've done this at local shows. And this could be like a state or national show. I could be anything. But I've done this at a few shows where I get the results. And I think this can't be right. Oh, yeah. And I look down the line and I'm like... Number 25 has the quads. There's no way he can change the few of those. And I look down at the judges. And there's been a couple of times where I've just been like... Give me a second and I've gone down. No, no, no, no. Don't check. I remember one time the head judge looked at me. He was like... Yeah. There we go. I can't believe you caught that. And he changed it and they all looked at each other. And they were like, dude. And that's why an MC who knows bodybuilding is so important, right? I've done it. I have literally changed the spots on. It usually happens, especially at the NPC. It's always the same. It's competitor one and two. And there's only two of them. Right? So right. So one and two. I've gotten the results for the winner where I had one number of this athlete. And the name of this athlete. And it was wrong. Yeah, that's true. I've had to take the award back and give it to the... It's still hard. It's so hard. I'm excited. I do a demo that you just said. It's so very well. Stop the show. Yeah. I will say something clever like folks, we got a real close for an air. So I'm going to confirm the scoring with the numbers. You know, just to make sure. But because I can tell you, you didn't. I'm looking down. I'm just fishing. And I'm like, there's no way in this earth. This guy beat that guy. There's no way. I don't care what angle I'm at. The one guy didn't look like I ever hit the gymnast life. The other guy was up. He's decent. But they had it reversed. But we had this happen. It's only happened once at the Olympia. A couple years ago. If you remember in fitness, where they gave me the wrong name. Right? And I had this sit there and do this team. How are we doing? Because it's like, I got the game of the wrong. And that got switched. Yeah. That's my nightmare. And I'm looking at it going. It's every inch. I could have sworn this girl was wouldn't put in one, right? And you know, for some other reason, I think they got to mix up with the different classes. What happened. I think it was... I think it was a big difference. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I got switched. Between Sarah and Natalia. All right. We're something like that. But so I just think there was a mix up in the thing. But when I got to me, I'm like, and I looked at the expert at getting them like, really? And he goes, I'm just delivered. I go, are you kidding me? I knew it was wrong. The problem was it was one of those COVID years that we were in Vegas. The stage was as big as his expo. Yeah. Nobody asked to me. I couldn't get to anybody. I should have just stopped the show. Yeah. But I knew it. I couldn't get to the next one. Go check this. We just know. Yeah. And that's never been wrong. No. So it's like, oh, you know, if it's messed up. You don't know me. But so we were talking about how the sports changed about how old the pros are now. There's not a show out there that has teenage anything in it. No. No. No. When did Teen Nationals disappear? Like, that's like saying, when did women's bodybuilding amateur shows disappear? They disappeared. I mean, I haven't had a women's bodybuilding show. I've been eight years in Hawaii. Great show by the way. Yeah. It's not because I don't want women bodybuilders. There's just no women bodybuilders. When we were competing as teens, a teenage class were huge. Hats. I mean, there would be a new each other. 10 or 15 of us out there. Yeah. We all do each other. You know, kind of a lot of future champs. Not anymore. And now I don't think you can even hear. You have to be 18 years old to compete, by the way. I think you have to be 18. Yeah. They actually changed the rules, which. I don't know. I mean, I can maybe have something to do with women's bikini. I mean, it's got something to lie ability or I don't know. But I don't know. I'm competing. You're too young. Good off. 13. I started competing. I was 13. I would have missed all those years. You know, I mean, it's a team. Like that's. So if the teenagers have nowhere to go, where do we get our next generation of athletes? I did a teenage show when I was 17. Yeah. I was in high school. I would have an open show as a teenager. Honestly, I would put some campaign to get the right to recruit. Guys, but you know what I always thought they should have had was a teenage Olympia. That would have been great. Good for you. You did a good for you. Yeah. He was like, yeah, no. It was enough that he got his head. He got his head. He got his head. He got his head. After winning the team, naturally, I went to Australia and did the junior World Championship. So that's kind of like, you know, junior Mr. Universe. I went all the way down to Australia, but I just turned 20 and went down there in one of that competition. But we don't have a farm club for the next generation. There's nothing. Like remember you're talking about Mr. puniverse? I'm talking about the people out of the audience that get on stage and never been an agenda. Yeah. And you got to pick the worst guy. Well, this should have a teenager. Mr. Sto's days. Those were great. Oh man. The social media have a lot of young kids that want to do this, but they have nowhere to do it. Right. They don't want to jump into an open show stand next to a grown man. It's not a fair fight. Yeah. Yeah. That's terrible. What would be something else that you would change about the format of the weekend with all these categories. Like you said the one day show. Yes. The one day show is. So do you think that it's just the expo that prevents them from doing that? There's a lot of moving pieces again. Personally, you can do it. It's still. We get it for years. Yeah. I would put just hypothetically right. Ben's open. Put the pre judging on 12. 12. And the afternoon. Yeah. Whatever. Whatever you want. That's the expo. And then put them out of night. That same night. Yeah. How do you same thing? Pre judging for whatever classic. Yeah. If pre judging was at 12 noon today here, that would still be sold out. Next door. The theater next night. It would still be sold out. Yeah. Today and tonight. Yeah. You don't lose. The audience shouldn't have to choose. But I want to go into the expo. I'm here. I go watch the pre judging at 12. It's still coming to the expo. Yeah. They got to do something for the body builders have to have a say, I think, in this because their bodies are going through this right now. They don't. Yeah. It's the organizers. Yeah. I thought that was a bit of a big pleasure to have me on and on, say, I'm just glad to have you guys on. I know you're going to make it. I'm talking about trying to get you on. We're like, we got to get Bob somehow. Sure. So it was great to come back and see you sit in here waiting for us. And obviously Sean, I'm real happy to get to sit down and talk to you. It's been a long time coming and got to Hawaii. Yeah, it was 18. Yeah. Yeah. I gotta do them. and I got to say, I got to open the vault to get this guy out. Oh, it's so charging now, right? It's the only reason he's here, so I can get him down. And how much does it become so a little bit of fun? This guy lives in Georgia. And he's saying no to Hawaii. That's his first class ticket and a $100,000 fee. There you go. I'm gonna do something to trade. Oh, I'm a big time right now. Can I show you? I'm in the house. I'm a big deal. He's the voice of bodybuilding because I helped him. Yeah. I come out just because of Tim. I got to get Shane Bindoy. He's afraid of the sun. Yeah. He doesn't want the surf in the my ties. I got to say I was lucky enough to go to your show in Hawaii. I went with me. Tell me what it's missing. It was awesome. I mean, I took the wife and we did the helicopter tour of a week. He's coming to Hawaii to work. I had like two boat evolutions. It was great. We were invited together. It was like 22. 22. 22. 22. 22. Pacing myself. I got an idea. But once every 22 years, so I'll be in the summer. I'll be in Hawaii. We'll go back. I'm going to bring you back. Got it. Got it. You and I can go. Yeah. You can continue to argue with each other. You can't stand the camera. You got to come to see him. You guys come together. You guys are a man. Well, I'm really looking forward to tonight. There's a special moment tonight, isn't there? Yes, there is. Yes. What was the most of that? Lifetime achievement award. I've been seeing him. Who's who? Flexi Lerr. Flexi Lerr. The semesters. The long season. We got the hand. It was all kinds of. Honey, Ronnie Coleman, right? Sorry, ever, sir. That was. That was. Rememberable, but Jay Coller. Luke getting his just two tonight. Lifetime achievement award. Yeah, the cut above. Jay Coller. Is he a little young for Lifetime achievement? No, man. He's one of the show three times. Yes, four Olympia titles. He's got a slew of titles. He's got a slew of titles. He beat Ronnie Coleman. I think it's a game. Jay's a type of guy you might have to have another one in 10 years. Flexi Lerr. He's a lot behind you. Yeah, actually. He actually. He's literally. I think he has a lot. He's taken hands and kissed the babies for a couple of hours. There he goes. Jay has always been truly the people's champ. Yeah. He loved them for years. He was smoking. He's made millions in the industry and other business ventures that he's got. So nobody more deserving. He's got the Jay Coller classic coming on March 30th. That's a lot of Vegas. I have to tell one quick thing about Jay. We had Andrea Shaw on yesterday and I asked her what the best advice she'd ever been given by anyone for her career. And she said that's easy. She said one time I talked to Jay and Jay told me don't change it up on people. Yeah. If you guess pose for someone the first time and you don't charge him, then you guess pose for that person. Because they're the reason you got the next gig and the next gig. So Jay must have forgot when I told her my advice which was you need to get with you. Right. And she got with you in her life has never been the same. She must have forgot about I'm a reminder. You know what those Jay walks to walk because to this day, Chantel back to sub. He still goes to David Lee Reben show. He still goes to Lonnie Tee per show. Yeah. But he doesn't have to go to these things. He's way past it right though. But he's never forgot where he's come from. Yes. He's full podcast now. The couple of cast. Yeah. Yeah. The couple of cast him in manager. And a German man. Yeah. Good guys. Yeah. We're going to recognize Jay tonight. He gets his flowers tonight. Yeah. That's awesome. I'm really looking forward to it. It's probably going to be the highlight of the weekend for a lot of people. I want to thank you. Obviously our audience for sticking with us and everyone that's actually stood here and watch. This is going on YouTube. We didn't expect anybody to pose down. Roll YouTube. But we got to say we guys, he thanks to the voice of body building Bob Chickarello. We're a newist member of the mutant family. Great to have you. No one here for so many years. And it's just awesome to have been able to work with you now. And Sean, great to sit down with you, dude. I know. I know. I had a great time in Hawaii and I would love to come back. We could talk Jim and Tom. You know, make a name for another plane ticket. I'd be just in a need Bob too. Yeah. The fit rocks are okay now. Yeah. Yeah. Amazing. Yeah. So we're going to wait. Andrew is guest posing again this show. Oh. There you go. Another reason to go. Okay. Remember like share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. Ring the bell. Remember I am mutant.com. Go to imut.com. Dusty 20. Big run 20. Get your rights. We'll surge. Get your all in and everybody should get on the gear. Yeah. There you go. Thanks to Scott to Producer McNally for making absolutely everything here happened. Dusty and I do nothing. He does everything. He is the man. He is the reason. Thanks everybody. It's just body building. Yeah. He is the reason. So we're going to make you famous. I feel like I have to go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know what the boy is like. Yeah. I feel like I have to go. I have to go. Yeah. I have to go. I have to go. Yeah. I'm already.