Short-term, you want the quickest changes? Try to ascertain, don't give it to you. Before, yeah, the compound. The biggest thing I touched on was the diet. This doesn't come into fruition without a very harsh diet. Right? Yeah, it's a good thing. And you know your doubts are good when they round out to the back. Yeah, I hit the root of it. It's an entailed tail sign. I've said before, I'll say it again. There are no pros who should be rude else. What's up guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweat and here with coaches Skip Hill, Andrew Berry, and myself, Scott McDale, all of our programming is brought to you by you. The people of Patreon, we've got some Patreon topics today. We're brought to you by I keep wanting to say, evalblutoneluses.com. Get your work done by Dave. It's just programmed in my head. But we are brought to you by Trinutrition, user code, think for additional savings, and high quality third party test and supplements from a company you can trust at SupplementSource.ca for Canadians. Man, I just butchered that whole thing. You don't do that ever. No, I was getting a text over here from Andrew, and I'm, everything's discombobulating me. We're just going to get into this thing. We do have a bunch of list of questions. We're happy to have you guys here hanging with us. And I wanted to bring to you a topic that I thought would be fun. We had the weirdest question on drugs and stuff, recording that the latest episode. What this guy was telling us about doing these two week cycles. He's like, I do two week cycles, then I come off everything for three months, and they do another two week cycle. And I think that I've actually made progress. He's like, I'm completely natural in between. And it just got me thinking, you know, that topic aside. What is the shortest cycle that you could do that is effective? And how would you put that together? Let's think of some, like just short get in, get it done, get out cycles that are going to, put on some quality muscle tissue. I mean, I'm thinking back to what John Meadows used to tell me he would do was, you know, because he was just a CC of testosterone pretty much 52 weeks a year. But then right before say the Arnold Classic, like 15 days before he throw in like a hundred makes of anoddraw and honestly he would more like over to where you're like, are you have 20 pounds? So I mean, I would say technically that is the shortest cycle I've heard of someone do. And because then he'd pull it right back off and just stay back on TRT testosterone. So, okay. I mean, it was effective and he kept the gains for probably another four to six weeks post, you know? So, okay. How about like somebody who just wants to, because I've had people tell me like, hey, you know what, we're going to the Jersey Shore this summer. And I want to try to beef up as much as I can. And, you know, I have been wanting to run a cycle. We're leaving in seven weeks and Drew. Okay. I mean, I'd probably, you know, probably push your testosterone to something like a hundred milligrams a day. I'd probably go a little harder on the DHT. So I might even bring like, mass-ron in a 800, a little bit higher than your testosterone. Because I want to get a drier harder look right out of the gate. Because we know when we don't have time on the back end. And then I would definitely push trend in there. And then I would probably just, I'd be like the last six weeks of a contest, for a plan really. And okay. If the goal was to look like a competing bodybuilder, as close to a competing bodybuilder, that's just what I would do. And I would definitely, you know, I would crash the calories. And I would, yeah, that's a big thing. Like you can't just take the gear. I would crash the calories to the point where I might pull carbs out completely. Until you, you know, till you see a low or till you stop seeing lows. And then do a skip load or a refeed of some sort. And then get right back on that cycle again. And see if we can drop like 25 pounds in that six weeks. The only downfall to that protocol is he wouldn't be able to drink while he was there because his kidneys wouldn't be functioning there. Yeah. That is true. That is true. No, it's, it's, it's, it's, I don't like that six seven week. I mean, I, you know, I think your original question Scott was like, how short would you go? Yeah. Two weeks is pretty short. But I have always said this. So I give the guy credit for this. He's outside of the box. I like it. Because at first I was like, what the fuck? Yeah. But then I'm like, Tammy's doing something though that other people don't do. And he's evaluating it and assessing it. And if he's progressing from it, I did like the part I did chuckle a little bit to myself when he said he was natural in between. Yeah. You're not natural in between. You're, you're not. I don't know if you use that term. I don't know if you're not. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know if you're a jazz off cycle. There's a difference. So, so what would you say skip is? Because here's another scenario. I've seen guys that are like, you know what? I got to go to my doctor every, you know, whatever, 12 weeks and do lab work. And I'd love to be able to squeeze something in there. But I also want to get my levels back in range blah blah blah blah. And of course there could be, you know, issues with that. Like I was your other health markers going to look, you know, even though your test is in range. But, you know, for whatever reason, you know, a short cycle. So are you saying that like, sounds like six, six weeks? What would be the use skip? Yeah. I mean, short cycle. You know, I try to put myself in that position that spot and go, how short would I go before I thought it was too short. But I've been doing, you know, I'm a professional drug user. So there's I've got a lot of years under my belt. I wouldn't go anything less than six weeks. That just is, that's what's sticking out my brain. I think the only thing I like Andrew's approach, I would probably be because you said, Jersey Shore. Yeah. I would pull, I would not add the trend. I would add an oral. But here's the thing. I got to give you this short term. You want the quickest changes? Trying to acetate. Go and give it to you before. Yeah. The other compound. It's just that with those doses, that's a pretty, it's a pretty hard hit. Unless someone was experienced with similar doses. So, you know, I mean, if someone were hit, we'd only run as an example, you know, 500, 400 for a couple cycles. I, you know, I don't know if I'd go, well, you were saying what, 700 tests, 800 master on master on relatively innocuous. How high were you going to go on the trend? You're a low dose trend guy. So that's probably, I'd probably do 25 milligrams a day. Yeah. That's, that's not that crazy. No, that's not bad at all. But keep mind the biggest thing I touched on was the diet. Like, yeah. Yeah. This doesn't come into fruition without a, a very harsh diet. Right. It's a good cardio. All that stuff. So, yeah. And when the same be true, too, if you're like, hey, listen, Andrew, I'm coming to you. I've got, you know, 10 weeks. I'm before I have to, to leave. I need to run this cycle in a, you know, six week period of time. I want to gain as much muscle as possible. Would you go the other direction, too? Like, would we then super ramp? Food if I'm going to try to do everything I can in six weeks? Yeah. But I would have them check their blood sugar every morning. And the minute I see you, vaultering. Yeah. I would probably, I'd either start insulin to help re-correct with every single meal or I would now. Okay. Now we're going to pull back the calories for like a 10 day stretch before we do another blast. So that blast of food, I should say. Yeah. In terms of compounds. I mean, I, I still go test and trend probably. If you want to make the most bang for your buck, it's, you know, I would, I would probably, and if, if you're like, hey, I'm okay with side effects or I'm okay. You feel like shit. Well, I want to put on, I'd probably run the train a little higher. I'm not going to lie. Yeah. You know, and I probably throw in some, I probably, I probably lay here in some anodrol for a good, for the good portion of it. And then I'd probably switch to something a different oral over the last 10 to 15 days. Okay. Now, what about the test? Would you guys use like a fast, a short aster? Like, would, are you thinking, would you use long acting? Or, you would use both. Still, even though it's only six weeks, we still want to get that long test in there, huh? I'm still a 50 50 guy. Not always black and white 50 50, but yeah, 50 50 50 60 40, Pro-zip all day long. All right. I would say probably, I would say 50 milligrams of a pro per day. And then probably an average of like 100 to 250 of a longer aster test off from per day, as well. So now, okay. And of course, those doses would probably change depending on who you're working with. Like Skip said, you know, is that a guy that has a lot of experiences? Talk about girls. That's what I offer girls. Oh, come on. Okay. Miss that. I miss that. I'm completely 120 pound figure girl going to the jersey. Sure. That's for sure. Sex driver be up. Hey. Yeah. Yeah. All right. I thought that'd be kind of a fun one to open up with. It seems like people aren't as interested in doing the short cycles nowadays. You guys remember like back in the day. Yeah. Psychos lasted eight weeks, ten weeks, 12 weeks. It was 16 was like really pushing it because everybody came off was the thing. Yeah. You know, you got to come off or whatever. At least most people did. And now then it's just like, well, I just go back to my cruise dough. So people aren't as concerned about recovering their natural tests like they once were. And I think with that, cycles have gotten longer, you know. Yeah. I think people noticed the emotional roller coaster though. Ah. I think that's played a big part. I know it did for me early out. I'm like, you know what? I don't want this roller coaster not only with myself, but with my clients of, you know, the testosterone estrogen, you know, doing this. Yeah. Because there's something to be said of, you know, there's merit with eight week cycles. If you're going to go eight weeks on eight weeks off. I was hoping the more I talked it would work itself out. Sorry. Anyway, eight weeks on eight weeks off for the for the first three to four weeks that you're off. Blood levels are tapering. You're still kind of on. You're just not dosing the gear. But from above level standpoint, you're still going to benefit. You guys have seen that going into, you know, when people come off. I mean, three, four, five weeks. It's I had to help people. Like you're not just all of a sudden after a week, you will psychologically think that you're getting small and you're getting weak. But you should still feel like you're on cycle recovery. You should be great. So half of that time off of that eight weeks. You're not feeling like you're off too much. But then comes the roller coaster. Yeah. And that kind of lens the point of why not just cruise and or keep your doses lower moderate and do longer cycles. Yeah. Yeah. For exactly watch your blood markers. I mean, I did. I've said it before. I'm sure I'm going to get beat up because there are going to be plenty of people who haven't heard it. But I did a cycle for three and a half years. Our youngest daughter was conceived. So when my wife came to me and said she was pregnant, I'm like, Oh, bitch. That is not my kid. Like what they can be. So I apparently was down to three sperm, but they had capes and S's on their chest. They were really strong. Super sperm. Yes. But nonetheless, she looks exactly like an axe just like me. I think the reason why a lot of guys, why the eight weeks on or 12 weeks on was kind of Stretching it right was gear was a lot harder to get your hands on 20 years. True. I mean, true. You guys remember like he was a big deal when your gear came. Whereas now it's like, Oh, I got this coming in this day. I got this these pepats coming in next day. I could get a GH coming in. And someone get the mail for me. I don't want to sit down in the in the sun. Yeah. And a lot of cycles were utilizing testosterone, Deca and Debal. So you felt like shit. Like your blood pressure was up. Like you did break after 10 weeks. So yeah, you were actually happy to take that that time off because you're just like, My head's about to explode. So I do think the compound choices are really dictating the length of the cycles now. Like I don't know anyone that runs, you know, 20 weeks of Debal, for instance. You know how to say it. As much as I like it. Yeah, that's too much of a good thing right there. Very few things I have had done. That's a one of them. We have a review here basically of our coaching. Somebody said, I just started working with Andrew for the last month or so. And I'm very happy so far. 10 out of 10 would recommend. Thanks, buddy. Yeah, he's a good client. Yeah, he tunes it to all our stuff too. Yeah, he kind of reminds me I would imagine of all three of us or at least me and Skip because I think you got into a little bit later, right Scott? I did. Yeah, I mean, I trained earlier, but I didn't get into gear in serious until later. Yeah, no, remind me of myself like, you know, being on Skips Forum as like a 17-18-year-old guy just absorb and everything and and probably skipped with the muscle magazines because the performance really weren't a thing back. But he was a little younger. Yeah. Got one for me too. to getting ready to work with Scott for my first show. So far, the communication is outstanding and I'm really looking forward to it. This is like totally just a plug for us. No. It's just like a complete plug. Just how you're answering it. My hand to check out the, where those messages originated from. What does that happen? Now we at gmail.com, no. Hey, what's this one? Who posted this one here? Oh. Well played. Well played. Well played. That's good. We did get an emergency question. We should probably handle that, certainly. We do have a couple of patron people that asked for critiques to us. We've got those in a personal listener questions. Terminator, where are you at? Buddy. He was like, I've got an emergency question. Everybody's commenting, which is all we have on type is, but have no one else comment. Type for like three minutes. Burrows, I need your help. My nipples are burning on 150, trend 150 milligrams of trend ace, weekly 300 milligrams of test E. If I run trend, only will the side effect stop? No. Probably not. Yeah. So I mean, okay, so I think first thing you got to do, rather than have those guests is go get some lapsed on. Go get your E2, progesterone, pro-lact, and check. And let's find out what is the cause of that, right? Yeah. It's hard to believe that 300 milligrams of test would drive your E2 through the roof, but then again, like with PEDs, anything is possible. We know some guys that can do 100 milligrams of test hospital in a week and it puts their blood levels at like 900 nanograms. We know other guys that can do a 100 and they're barely 250 nanograms per deciliter per when they're tested. So it's given us more information. Would help us give you the approach on how to attack this. Yeah. That makes it in the meantime. Something that never made sense to me. Back to it, we were talking deep all the minute ago in the old school days. I remember if people would be like, oh, I started my cycle kick starting with deep all I'm three weeks in. And I'm getting guino now. What should I do? I would say this, the one advice that was never ever given on the boards was, number one, don't take any more deep all until you get distorted. But there just no, I gotta keep taking the deep all. I gotta like, dude, if you stop taking the deep all, then maybe your estrogen will come back down. You know what I'm saying? So I would also not take the shots. Like, let's hold off on this. You don't need to keep ramming the gear up, you know? Until you get it sorted. Labs are gonna take a few days. Sometimes, you know? Mm-hmm. Why, hello? I wanted to do something different with my true nutrition advertisement for today. And here's the thing, I just got our order in Victorian I, we pay for all the protein that we get. They don't send us anything for free. And that's because I've believed in nutrition for 15 years, no? I've been using them ever since I contested. Proud, they have some of the cleanest, best quality protein. A lot of times I use the team skip, but here's the deal. I'm going back to the pure way isolate. The pure way isolate, it just processes so fast. This is my favorite flavor, chocolate, peanut butter cubs. But if you want to try just like one pound at a time, you can do that just sample it. I've never had the cookie butter. So I'm gonna try the cookie butter this week. We got a little bag, a pea protein isolate for the wife. This is what she likes to use. And here's the thing, they're just about wholesale prices at true nutrition plus they don't add the flavor in when they weigh it. So you get like legit one pound of protein and then from there they add the flavor after that. So every one pound, I think it's like one point two, I'm not sure don't quote me on that. But hey, here's the thing, the true nutrition is a great quality protein. They believe in us, they advertise with us because I literally ask them to. And if you use our code, think you'll get some additional savings plus, of course, that's like voting for our podcast. So thank you guys, I hope you enjoyed my impromptu ad. Goodbye. Oh my god. Like I said, we do have a bunch of stuff. I'm just looking at the stream now, because we do have so many people that are hanging with us. Thank you guys for being here. We had a bunch of questions, and I wanted to make sure I got to this one from Gabe. He says, Dumbell Trust Press versus Flat versus Incline versus Decline. Is one superior if not, what would a rotation of these exercises look like if the chest was equally developed, great show as always, Gabe not? Who's done an incredible transformation, by the way, is like legit hundred pounds down? Mm-hmm. Oh, okay. We covered this on this other podcast that I can't think of the name of it right now. But when it comes to bodybuilding, the Dumbell Press versus the bench press, and obviously we need to get into different angles things change. But that the Dumbell Press just ended up, so I can't rattle off the numbers and the comparisons and everything else, but Dumbell Press ended up being significantly better than the bench press, because of the shift a lot of times to the anterior del during regular barbell presses. The type of barbell press that you're doing, whether the elbows are talking more of a power lifting, mechanics type of situation versus, and I hate to say the word flair, because as soon as I say flair, then somebody will either flair them too much, and they injure themselves, because they don't have the range of motion, and they're not used to that type of movement, where something like myself is great with it, and it's gone 41 years with no pectares. So be careful with that, take it face value, but all those things factor in, and I know I'll say myself that when I heard these numbers, and it just backed up the fact that I want that range of motion, and I think, I mean, he can't see it, because I'm not wide, wide angled here with the camera, but think of doing a barbell bench press, but you're holding dumbbells. Right there, you look at the range of motion that you're losing there with the barbell bench press, versus the dumbbell bench press. So you're losing a pretty significant amount of range of motion. Then you add the component of the vulnerability for the shoulders. Sometimes one shoulder's going to hurt a little bit more than the other, or is irritated, or whatever, with dumbbells, you can make those little subtle tweaks to get out of that groove that is arguably irritated, or discomfort, or discomfort there, and you can tweak it a little bit. I can do dumbbell presses to them, blue in the face, and all different angles. And then I do any barbell press at any angle. I'm like, I just hate these. How did I do these for years, and force myself to do? And I think a lot of us did. We just, we accepted those rules as these are written in stone there, essentially commandments, and you force yourself to do exercises that may not be terribly beneficial for you, or may not fit your structure, whether it be squatting, whether it be beds, you know, taller, your taller, versus shorter, so are you built to pull beds, you know, same thing with the bench press. So my advice would be dump the barbell if you can. The only exception to that is if you're going to finish, if you just insist on doing bench press finish with it, use it as a finisher. When you're literally just, I don't want to say it's exhausted, but the muscle is about as warm as it will be. Number one, you're going to decrease the chance of an injury. So the risk of injury goes down significantly. But here's why people won't do that because they can't put up the numbers, when they open with it, and benching is to 99% of people all about numbers. But I was dead stop those things. I mean, sometimes it's 185, 225, dead stop on the chest full lockout. Dead stop on the chest full lockout. That's exactly what I do. I'm limited in my home gym. I can't go over to like this prime machine and then use this hammer machine. I've got my dumbbells. I do. I'm lucky that I do have my converging chest press. And I freaking love that thing. But then I also have the bench. And one thing that I do is I use the elite FTS shoulder-saver pad. Is there it? Is there a good time for that? What kind of shoulder? It's the elite. Oh, elite, that's yes. Okay. Yeah, does there a code for that many familiar? No, there's not a code. I can get pretty much anything, but I can't get equipment. I do get a discount on the equipment for yourself. Transfer that to anybody else. I got you. Okay, so for the listeners. Yeah. Yeah. Little skim. You guys know. Yeah, right. If you guys know, if you guys do my equipment, you'll eat. Yeah. We've got this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I paid in full price for my elite shoulder Saver pad. But it's like a real dense foam. You know, half like half circle thing, like a foam roller, but just a half a one. It clips on your bar. And it literally, I bring it down to my chest. I dead stop it, right? So this is at the end of chest work. I'm done with chest. And I do this on a mild incline dead stop it. And then from there, I drive it. Oh, as I push my knife, I drive it up all the way to that hard lockout squeeze the pecs slow. Like four second negative back down dead stop it repeat. Like for me at this stage of the game, one plate per side is all I need. And I might do like three sets of 10, well, three sets of 12 to 15. Oh, my God. There's no question, man. My pecs are fried after that. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's a great, great finisher. And before someone butts you about the shoulder saver. I'm going to say this. Benching is a lot like squatting. You get deep if you can squat deep. Unless you're limited by pelvic tilt. And if you're limited by pelvic tilt, it's the same thing is being limited through shoulder mobility where the anterior dealt wants to take over in the bottom position. So there's no sense forcing that bottom position of a bench press anymore than there is forcing as to grass like we always said. Yeah. You know that old mentality. If you don't have that mobility in your hips too, you're putting yourself in a crappy position. And I would say without much of an ROI at all, if you had the flexibility and mobility, that's different. That's fine. But don't bus, I don't like when people bus on people for stopping, you know, an inch above the chest. Number one, you got to stop the bar versus touching go, which is usually a little bit of a balance anyway. So yeah. You know, there's more control there. But you're losing into the range of motion. And I think those shoulder sabers, I think they're great. If you're getting three inches shy. Do you know what I mean? Yeah, you might because it's basically from a power lift. They're made for power lifters and it's something that the bodybuilders have kind of said. Oh, okay. That could say a lot of shoulder. I've been using it for years now. And I'll tell you what, man, just the feeling of my chest. I don't care what anybody says. Like I know. Don't they have different thicknesses though? I don't. I don't I mean, maybe they do now. And I know. There was only the one. It's all just the sandwich. There's there's an idea right there. There's a Rifties make different make different thicknesses and get skip a code. Exactly. You guys are for due for presses. I have. Yeah. I'm not doing them currently. I'm not doing the position. Oh, yeah. Oh, you tell me what the marble. I think it was the dump of the bar. I was here. It was marble or dumbbell. I prefer them with the dumbbell, but I've done them with barbell. That's probably the extent of what I would bench press today. It was just before press type scenario. You know, they're tough. I did. I'm just scared of the bench press. Like scared. Even on a Smith machine, I'm saying a prayer before every set. I'm really thinking about it. I'm not kidding. Yeah. It's one of those exercises. You know, I don't. Did you guys ever like ego lift your bench press? Like, did you go to your phase where? Yeah. You know, you did us. We all, you know what I mean? I think anybody who's ever done a bench press is attempted to ego lift it, right? I never did until I was like 10 years into bodybuilding. I was like, okay, it doesn't seem like the exercise for me. I've heard too many stories, people turn packs. So I never pushed it. I always was a dumbbell, machines, and I do like the Smith machine if I was going to bench press. And then in 2016 or 17, maybe 17, I got on a kick. I'm like, I'm going to get my bench press really, as big as I possibly can. Yeah. And I got it, you know, decent. But like, I think I did two weeks in a row. I did a certain way for the same reps. And I just said, you know what? Like, I could see this being the end of my bodybuilding career. And I said, no more. And I didn't have a series of bench press since then. So it's been like eight or nine years. Yes, remember the body master Smith? How heavy that thing was? Yeah. There's like a high I have a, I have old video. I mean, I have videos on YouTube back to like 2008 or 2009. One of them is me doing a decline press with 365 for 8 or 9 reps. And I had a guy, I know, because I'm not, I'm just not a strong guy. And I look every now and then I'll come across that video. I'll be like, man, was that stupid? And I just had some cat step in from the jam who, you know, which you know is a recipe for disaster. And I just basically told him, if it pins me, I guess, pulling me out from underneath or calling ambulance or something, you know, one of the things that I always say is, you'll know when don't touch the bar, you'll know when to help me because of sound something like this. And they always laugh and at least they're paying attention and they heard what I said. But this guy, now he, it's a Smith. So I mean, all he has to do is get it off of me. But he didn't turn 180 pounds. So I have no idea if he got a folded off of me or not. But I just look at that and I go, what the hell was I thinking? Like, that's just way too much weight to be pressing. And yet I was significantly younger. Never had shoulder problems, never had a pack tear or anything. I've been fortunate to not have that. And I had lower back issues, but I haven't had any type of pector anything. I don't think we answered his question, though. It was all good stuff. So I was like, let's just keep talking. I don't know. What was the question? What was it? It's question was dumbbells. Like flat versus incline versus decline is one superior. And if I did say the dumbbells are superior, I gave my opinion. No, he's saying the angle, which angle is flatter. He's saying dumbbells. We're using dumbbells no matter what. Flat incline or decline. That was the question. Oh, okay. I thought it was just giving like, oh, no. I mean, I'm blind. You need I'm going to take decline over flat all day long. Slight decline. Not slight. The 45, you know, but a slight decline. I don't even do flat dumbbell presses anymore. I do slight decline. That is a better groove for me. Arguably because it mimics the decline hammer, which is one of my favorite. So why decline hammer is one of my favorite chess. It probably is demos. My favorite. It's the number one. And I don't have that at one of my gym. So I do. I would think a lot of it, which is nice. You know what I mean? You're not feeling it in that front doubt. And even out of an incline, I'm very, very low incline. I mean, we're talking 15 degrees. I like that. I don't go up 30, you know, and then 40, if I see a 45, I'm like, I'm just not in touch. You've seen me skip. I'll crank that thing up like, you know, more than, yeah, 45. But then I also like just the sliding client, too. Those are great. Yeah. I'm more versliding. Yeah. And then with bar path hand path and everything else, too. You know, if you're bringing the bar down to your lower packs, then, okay. But that bar line is typically mid-packer upper packs. So it depends on shoulder position and elbow position and all that path, you know, the bar path. You ever do a guillotine process? Yeah. Well, the run. Yeah. I like those. Years ahead of me. Years ahead of the game. Last week. I have a lot of people. Do we need the incline? Because I heard you, I think I heard you say that skip. Like, well, you need some incline. I've said that if you can do without, I think you can, people could not use the incline and still get great upper pectivela. But it's so nuanced. Like, it would take a lot. Like, you got to know what you're doing because then it gets into, like I said, the bar path, the elbow and shoulder hands, all that it's a big deal and it's complicated. But yeah, I do. I think you could, I think that's why the low incline works. So well, for those people who know what they're doing and they know where the mechanics that they need to make that work. Otherwise, the low incline isn't going to do much for you. Let me offer an alternative. Yeah. Just to be have a debate. Do you think it really matters what you do for your chest in terms of exercise selection or angle selection? Or do you think the chest is just a genetic body part that's going to grow from whatever stimulus? And where I'm going with this is I know guys that all they ever did was bench for us, they never did incline inclines were for losers because they had to use 20% less weight. Let's just say. Yeah, it was always bench for us. That can. Don't bel bench for us in like some machine and some kind of cable cross over, right? Yeah. And they had unbelievable pecs. I'm thinking that genetics more than anything dictate the growth of a muscle like the like the pecs. I think I think you're right. But I think I don't think it's any different for chest than it is anything else. Really? I think that whether it's different. Well, give me prime example why it is different. Okay. Look at part. Look at wellness and look at bikini athletes. What their exercise selection. They're they don't do squats. They don't do leg presses. They do very specific things for glutes, adductors, hamstring. You don't say it. It's quite a good thing. Yeah, and I'm not saying they didn't have a base of doing squats, like your exercise. But I'm saying like any of my pro like wellness or or bikini athletes, their programs. You would look at that program. You'd probably be like, where's the hard stuff? You know, like where's the meat potatoes? Because it's all just such specific stuff. Really just targeted towards the upper outer glutes. Okay. Then let me argue the other side. The other side would be then maybe we need to choose or we had need to have an exercise selection that is less about which one's better, but which one feels better and is less of a vulnerability based on pain or limitations with, you know, structure and that sort of thing. I could see, I could see both scenarios. I just, I hate, like I think most people do. I hate admitting that the genetic component is as important as it is. We don't want, especially with people with mediocre genetics. I don't want, I want to believe there's a way around it. There's a work around. You know what I mean? You can get better. You can get better. You can always get better. Don't get me wrong. But like, I think at the end of the day, there's the lid of it and what you're saying. Well, here's a prime example. And your example of when we throw pictures of someone and a front double and one of the first thing you're like, oh, that chest line. That's just I wish I had. And it's like, yeah, you really think, and these are guys that are 20 years younger than you in a lot of cases, do you think that guy has more training experience or his, you know, you know, you know, I'm getting that like, if a guy who's 19 is technique, you know, yeah, no, he's just been trained in like the same way we were when we were 18 19 to 20 through years old, banging weights and genetically, that's just the body part that explodes for. I found in my experience that so for several years there, I relied on dumbbell and client press. My chest got to be its biggest invest ever and I really wasn't doing any flat. And I never reached a point where I was like, you know, my lower pack needs a little bit more. You know what I mean? It's like, for me, it just grew everything. Like, I just did in clients really only and that was, I just, but I went heavy, you know, and I learned to get strong with it. And my whole pack grew. I think that, now I know Gabe is a former strong man. Dude has a lot of tissue already. So he's not in the same boat as maybe some of our other listeners. I think that for a lot of our guys that are that are listening, especially like the younger guys or the newer guys, maybe you're 40, but you've only been lifting for two years now, like just get more. And like skip you said, like, what feels the best for you? Like lean into that. I wouldn't tell everybody to do dumbbell and climb press at that high angle I did, but I love it. You know, it feels right for me. And I, for me, I was able to get real strong on that. So find what works good for you, get really strong on it, build as much tissue as you can. And I bet that that's going to take care of the upper, the lower, you know what I mean? Let me piggyback off this and ask you guys a question that I think the viewers will find interesting. When a client comes to you and says, I had this lagging by tell me which exercise is to do you to do? Do you tell them specific exercises or do you have a different response? Because I've got a different response. Now I'm not trying to lead your responses, you know, your answers, but I'll leave it at that. I'm wondering what you guys think. Do you pick different exercises or I would personally? It depends on what it is, but a lot of times I want to see how they perform it. Because I did a whole lot of pull downs in my day and my back didn't grow. My lats didn't grow the way I wanted them to until I changed my technique. So in that, a lot of times if I'm seeing like if I see somebody who's pretty well developed overall and maybe they have like a lagging back, I want to see how they train to look at it to be like, well, what's not working here? On the other hand, I've seen it where like one guy I'm thinking of now and you guys have seen people like this too, they'll have like crazy legs and then their upper body is kind of like, just yeah, it's okay, you know? And you get talking to them and they're like, oh, I love lag day, lag days like a different animal for me. And then our goal is to then, well, how can we translate that intensity into your chest and your back? Because it's just the intensity level. It wasn't high enough, maybe in those other body parts. Or what a intercess is there genetically gifted in those areas. I know I am with calves and arms, everything looked like my calves and arms. I have a prokair by now. Well, and there is something to that because hey, if I'm genetically gifted, say, say you take that guy with really good legs and he goes just him every leg day, maybe he does that because it feels so good. He cannot, well, absolutely good. Yeah, that's genetic. I hate training arms and calves. So there's that. Same. All right. I can do without ever training arms again in my life. I just, it's just honestly, it's like an eye roll. Oh my god, I can train arms. I'm doing more arms lately. My arms have never been super strong. Like, I don't have big peaks, you know? But my arms only looked their best when they were their thickest. It's like, well, your arm looks thick. It's acceptable. So I just, I decided I'm prioritizing them a little bit right now. Just as a, as a little experiment, we'll see what happens. Caves, I'm not really. But the reason I ask you guys that question is a lot of, a lot of my response to my client is this, what are you doing now? Because obviously, you want to know what they're doing and if they think that it's not working and frequency and total volume and everything else. But I always tell people, I don't know what equipment you have available to you. I don't know where you know, so I mean, I understand if you look, you know, you train in home jam or you, but if you train in a gym, I don't know what's going to be used and you're going to have to wait on it and you're going to, you know, shift on the fly anyway. The other thing is, what feels good? Like when you do the exercise and you feel that muscle from the insertion to the origin down to the bump versus doing any other exercises you go, yeah, I really don't feel it. You make a good point. Obviously, the mechanics are huge because sometimes you can look at the mechanics, you're just destroying this exercise. Like this is not, this is why you're not feeling it. But sometimes the mechanics are great and they still don't feel it. So my response has always been stay with the ones that we all have those exercises me and I use the wide angle hammer as an example. That will hit my pack from top to bottom and just literally blow it up into warm upsets, blow it up like someone put an air in it. So we all have those exercises and you know, I've heard people say do what you're not good at. There's not truth that. Like if you're, you're not good at squatting and you're not very strong and you need more strength. They'll be cool. But I don't think that's a great cue because the things that you are good at, you're probably connecting, right, my muscle really great with those. So those exercises that I think should stay and I as a trainer can't possibly know what you connect with. I know what I connect with but I don't know what you're going to take to do T. Barrows. You come out looking like rottings and rottings that group as you pick this parents really, really well. Maybe you picked your parents really shitty. You love them. They're great people. They did a great job. But they're genetic predisposition sucks. I don't know. That's my approach. 99% of the time I respond to and I have a lot of clients who don't like that. They want me to say do this, do this exercise and then do this exercise after all. And I do not like doing that. Yeah. Yeah. I try to tell people like what we're trying to achieve in that exercise. You know what I mean? And I'll give examples like you know for instance we're Fort Elbows 45 degrees something that feels good like a for instance a chess supported T. Barrow or cable seated K. You know that I'll give ideas for no hammer strength pull versus tell him like I want you to use this machine. You know somebody else does in the stream. I don't know if you guys have had any other thoughts on it. We had talked about it once before. Have any of you coaches had experience with people using five amino M1Q and what were your thoughts on that. I think I shared my experience before. How about you Andrew? Well, I'm given another go actually and a couple weeks but I've actually done a lot of research recently and I did a consult with Keith from Parabolic. Nice. First off, very rarely do I walk away and be like I think that guy's a genius. He's a smart dude. He and it's not like he's reading off a teleprompter. Like he's passionate. He's very passionate about the compounds that he that he knows about that he talks about and that he works with. Anyone that's he does consults, anyone that's thinking about doing it, it would not be money that was wasted for I could tell you that right now. And he literally advised people too. Yes, that's what I'm getting at. Yeah. But anyway, I think a lot of people using five amino M1Q were probably underdocing it in previous experiments Okay, then maybe I was because I got absolutely nothing out of it and I really tried to give it a fair shake. What do we need? I'm thinking probably about 150 milligrams a day. Okay, I did 100 and I think I went to a hundred twice but I don't quote me on that. Yeah, I'm thinking 150 probably for most let's say 185 to 220 pound males and maybe a little bit more for guys that are heavier. Okay. I have no experience with it at all. All right. Yeah, I got I just think get anything from it and it's after I stopped the SLU. I was like, all right, I need something else that I'm going to try next and I've had this sitting here burning a hole in my desk because it wasn't in my pocket. It was on my desk. I know they say like burn in a hole in your pocket, but that was a very skip statement. Wasn't it? Yeah, it was like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I felt like it's got there for me just shut up skin. What's the best ratio for tested master on? What's the best ratio? Yeah, people like ratios. As much as you can afford. Yeah. I mean, well here's the thing like I might do well with the one of one where someone else might need like a 1.5 to one for instance and testosterone master on. But what do you would you go on? I would go on the one. Typically one the one. Typically one the one is like a starting point. I don't think you go wrong by trying out a one to one, right? That's right. But again, everyone's individual chemistry is a little different and how your body reacts to it, you know, someone might feel that they need to bump their test up a little bit more. Maybe a couple extra 100 milligrams of testosterone versus a master on is what I'm saying. Yeah. I think that's a fair for yeah, I might not do 1,500 mega master on if I'm doing 1,500 testosterone. But I do love my master on when I'm running TRT. My TRT is almost always testosterone master. I do like it and it's funny because it just tell my wife she's like, wow, she's got your energy back and everything else and you're back and good spirits and stuff relative with work. I'm like, come on TRT now. Good to go. I've had a few carbs. I'm good. All right. I've got a physique critique force and this is a guy that we talked about a while back and so what he's done is he's 24 weeks now. We did a physique critique at him and by the way, anybody who's part of Patreon, if you guys want to get a physique critique, just let me know. I think that somebody commented over on Patreon today saying, hey, how do I get a critique? All message you will get it sorted out. We'll get you on the next one. Jacob is his name and he says, you guys did a unique critique for me 24 weeks back in the podcast. Just finish an offseason program and wanted to do an update critique. I'd really like to hear Andrew and Skips opinions on it. I love your mind. That out there. I love the feedback right now. They gave me before. He's 22 years old. He's 55. It says, first show has been chosen. This upcoming this upcoming May. So I guess it's May 2026. Just finished my first offseason phase and now I'm beginning a four week mini cut to resensitize and push up again. I really appreciate all that you do and he said, he'll provide the side by side. So I think the before picture here, I'm about to show you guys is what we saw last time and just out the gate, spoiler. I'm kind of impressed here, looking at this progress he's made and looks like 24 weeks. Check this out, guys. You might have the gene? No, yeah. Yeah. And what I'm seeing is when someone's got those big forums and big arms that's usually a kind of a telltale sign. Like, you know what I mean? Small waste. Yep. How much? How much? What's the difference here? I don't think he said the weight. Yated say his weight. As I tell you where my eyes went, my eyes went to those delts. Like holy crap. I think everything improved. Yeah, yeah, no question. But I mean, the first thing I'm like, holy. Here's the other thing though. Make sure you guys resize your pictures properly. No cheating. Okay. But what that said, it's obviously he looks like he's put on 25 pounds of muscle tissue. Yeah. Yeah, he looks good. Jesus. Yeah. Those delts are actually pretty nice. I know, right? Yeah. Yeah. Chastis definitely bigger too. And you know your delts are good when they round out to the back. Oh, yeah. It's got the breed delts. It's a detailed tale sign. I've said before I'll say again. There are no pros with shitty rear delts. Yeah. They're just aren't. Yeah. That's pretty significant. That's a good first blast. I would say so. I would say that from the back, the changes to me are not as impressive as they are from the front. If I'm going to be completely just like brutal here. And I'm not saying he didn't grow from behind. I if I only saw this, I would say, oh, yeah, I definitely see a difference. But to me, seeing him from behind is not doing him the justice. Oh, but I wonder if he was doing him made. I wonder if he was doing a rear double or even a last spread though, because I mean, it is just a relaxed back quarter turn. I mean, yeah, you only really get to see the back and back of this trision. Oops. I'd wonder what that rear double looks like. That's a good point. Yeah. That's that's impressive. That front double is sick. I think my my my main critique is just need a tan. Coming first. Yeah, conscious sleeves off or something when you don't hang that one arm out the window or your truck while you're driving. Super impressive. I can't really find a critique to say, hey, you got to fix this or you're going to work on that. It's everything's growing in my opinion. Yeah, there's in there's really no layering weakness. The D C one. The fact that kept his waist nice and small. I know, right? Yeah. It's actually just look smaller because he's made his what has dealt some wider. So it really does. Yeah, I mean, I'm going to call it now, you know, whatever show you're doing as long as it's not national's for your first show, you're probably your if you come in condition of a physique like this was going to win a class. I want to give him something. So I'm just going to say it. I really do feel that I mean, I see the difference in his back. And I'm not, I don't want to take anything away from the progress he made because his back is definitely bigger. I just feel that his arms, his chest and everything else from the front. It looks to me so much more impressive. I feel like they grew at a slightly faster rate. That's all I'm going to say. I don't know, man. I disagree. I think like, again, you got to resize the picture so that they're equal. I think if he was resize, you'd be like, oh, I see it a little bit more now because look at the density's got in his lower lumbar now. You know, I was thinking the same thing. There's like no, I mean, I'm not trying to, you know, I don't want to that sound shitty. But the latter kind of not existent in the before. Yeah. Now it could be a little bit of lighting because, you know, the left picture has shaded a little bit more than the right, but damn, even even the legs, the thickness left to right in the legs. And we all know calves don't matter anymore. So he's good with that. You know, the others know dramatic change in the calves, but should not be in judge on that anymore. 20, 20 pairs and pissed about it if he's looking at the same thing. Yeah. There's an outdated reference for you to have to be around for a while to get that one. Well, we can get greeted disagree. I'm going to give, I want to give him something. No, you're just wrong. I win a statement. You're just wrong. What's this? This is Jacob. Jacob little. Jacob, if you need a coach from here. Do you got the potential man? Yeah, I don't think Andrew over Scott. I just think Andrew's more positive right now. All right. So we had him. And then we have another one. We will get to that on the next show. And yeah, if you guys have any critics that you want to do hit me up over on Patreon, we'll be happy to talk to you. Can I throw something real quick, Scott? Yeah. Yes. 5 pound tub of team skip protein from true nutrition because I've got, you know, so much because I couldn't use protein powder when I was in this last breath. God, oh, guys are dicks. So I've got this surplus of protein. All you have to do. First one to comment what the B stands for. Five pounds of teams get protein. Oh, wow. And the life's true. It's total fitness. Doesn't matter. Damn it. I got to give me a whole ounce of protein. Yeah, in the life feed or how about on YouTube. Yeah, when it comes out, when it comes out, that sounds good. It gives people incentive to comment on the show. That's great. What about this one? Hey, Jens. I really enjoyed these episodes since I found the channel a few months at months ago. Thanks for all the useful info and entertainment. I have a question about skin while I'm gear. I mean, my 40s now and always had bad acne into my late 20s. I've been in running cycles regularly for the past 12 years. I would always get mild acne across my shoulders and in places where I sweat a lot through the day. I work construction. So sweating is an all day thing for me. For the last year, maybe a bit longer. I've been getting these hard lumps in my skin. More like cysts than Zits. Not a lot, but a few on my back and a couple on my lat, a couple on my chest. Have any of you dealt with this? Any advice on how to treat them or to stop them from occurring as well as advice on keeping my skin smooth and clear would be greatly appreciated. Thank you guys. I would look at God health. I was there with the immune system and you know, typically like someone has leaky gut. You'll kind of see this go hand in hand. Whether someone's using PEDs or not. So I would look at that. I would look at thyroid health. And there's a great test. I don't know if you guys do these, but GI maps. You guys every have clients do those. I've seen them before. Yeah, yeah. Some I'm familiar with them. I probably do at least two or three a week, but oh, okay. Yeah, no. So you know, there's a lot of times there's got this biosis just from overgrowth of opportunistic bacteria and it causes inflammation. It messes with the gap, gap junctions of the, the, um, the coastal cells, causing things to leak out, inflammation. So that would be one thing to probably investigate. If this is a chronic thing for him for his whole life, the test is about 385, I think. And then there's people like myself that can do analysis for you. If you'd, if you'd want to purchase that, but, um, and come up with like a whole gut cleansing plan to see if that helps. And a lot of times, I've, primarily with females, but females are a little more into the skin health than, than males are. They're going to show up the money and follow through with a gut plan to clear it up. So that'd be my first, you know, I used to just say, well, either get it or you don't until I really started researching and learning about, um, you know, the GI system and that mean. I'm going to go with what I always go with. I'll say nine out of ten times B5, taking consistently will help decrease C bomb, which is the oil, the skin produces, and that can help dramatically the vast majority of time. It's something that even thankfully dermatologists have gone to prior to prescribing acutane, which is a think it's funny because they're probably losing out and not prescribing acutane as much, but acutane being so harsh, you know, on the liver, um, B5 not, and it's super freaking cheap. Use that first try that out, and I'm not saying that it's not a gut issue. It may well be a gut issue. I will be the first to admit that this will be the first time that I am looking for someone to help me with, because I developed white and issue with the stench in this last year, uh, through dieting and everything else. There is something going on with information and everything else. So I am looking into that. So there is validity in that. Don't get me wrong. But the one thing I can say is even though I've had all that, though all those gut issues, I don't break out. Shit, it doesn't matter if I take a ton of stuff, a little bit of stuff coming on, coming off. I just don't break out, and I have used gear for a very long time. So I'm one of those people who are fortunate enough that I don't get those sides, but apparently I don't get the sides to grow like a freak either, so there's that. Maybe I just need to take even more. I'm not sure if would you, would you compromise, skip? If we were like, listen, there's a secret we can bless you with the gene now in your later life that you will become a freak, but you also have to deal with terrible, cystic acne. Would you take both? Oh, terrible, cystic acne. Just on your shoulders, in your back. I would, I'll tell you what I would do. I would take the freak, and then I would decide if it was too bad, and then if it was too bad, I'd be like, I've done being a freak down. I just want to know what it feels like to be a freak. I've spent a lot of years trying to get there, and I had not gotten there. So yeah, you could there, you're like, I didn't want this anyway. Exactly. I get a figure, I'm already married, it's not like I'm single, and I'm looking for someone to sleep with, my already married, and don't have anybody to sleep with me. So it is what it is. At the end of the day, I got five cats. They're super cool. They love them. They're great. Do you have a word of the day for us? I do. I can actually, I want to contrast the two. I'm always prepared. I appreciate the chasmy. I forget. I know you don't remind me. I want to contrast arduous with as Siduous, because they're so close. Arduous, I mean, you know, an arduous task. Basically, it's just difficult. It's tiring. It is matlaborious. Laborious. A lot of people screw that up. Arduous and laborious are not the same. Laborious is essentially something that is physical to take so long time. But arduous is more. It's just like exhausting. It's just, and it can be even mentally exhausting. But a Siduous showing great care and attention to detail, diligent, and persistent. So they're both very arduous, a Siduous. Not that people screw it up like they're in there. It's not like they're messing up hominems here, but it would, which they do. But they're close. They're not the same thing. So there's your, you get two, actually you get three today. Yeah, it's a great word. And I did it pretty quick, which is not commoner cared for a couple of things that I do. Sidious, you want to think. Anyway, you're bringing any donuts with you to the show? No, I did get the donut thing out of the way. I only had about three solid days of just eating like a sloth. Yeah. Yeah. And didn't last very long. I'm like, okay, now I pretty much had my fill of cookies and crap and stuff like that. And got back into the gym and feel ten times better. They had these donuts when I was in Vancouver, Skip. There is this little donut shop that I guess that they were very well-known all throughout Vancouver. And it wasn't, the place looked like it was from the sixties. They sold coffee and they also had like, it was kind of weird because there's, there's a lot of like a big Asian population in Vancouver too. So you could get like various different Asian dishes as well as they had donuts. And you could get coffee. It was very out of the ordinary. It wasn't like your traditional donut shop. It wasn't a hipster donut shop. But there is this one donut and it's like an Asian fruit that's purple. Ub, Ube, Ube, Ube. Yeah. Ube. I got an Ube, don't it? Ube, cream. Yeah. It was like a purple light purple. Right. Pretty good, wasn't it? It was too much cream. Oh, okay. Okay. But the thing, yeah. And now I have to say it, right. It's kind of like a Lamborghini. I called it a U-Rose. It's not a U-Rose. It's an U-Rose. Is that how you say it? Yeah. It was in an article that I gave to lead after yes and she kept changing A for Anne. And I'm like, what are you doing? You don't ever correct my, and then I looked it up, but I, you know, how you can look up the word and it'll say how to pronounce it. And I felt like an asshole, like, well, every now and then even I'm right and for a long time for a machine I show bots me every down then. But yeah, it's, you said it's Ube, Ube, Ube. Ube. Yes. Okay. Yes. And I was with Asian people. So there, they would know. I suppose. Yeah. But it's actually one of those trendy things like you. I'm sure you've seen Dubai. Everything is Dubai chocolate. Oh, even Dubai, pistachio. Everything has to be divided. They're running into the ground. Ube is starting to pick up that transit with donuts and cookies too. But done right, it's actually a pretty, pretty damn good flavor. Yeah. It was all right. It just was too much cream. It was like so much cream that it ended up being more cream than donut after two bucks. What caught your eye though? The fact that it was purple, right? Yeah. Yeah. It was different. I've never seen it. I had to try it. Yeah. Yeah. Let's go. Okay. Let me try it again. I tried again. Yeah. Guys, go to uh, trainutrition.com user code thinkover their supplement source.ca for Canadians. Of course, thank you for all your sport over at Patreon. We're going to have Patreon questions as well as another physique critique on the next show. Head over to bodybarry.com to reach out to Andrew for coaching team skip that. Com to reach out to skip hit me up. Now he diets at jumelle.com and for another episode of Blood Sweat and Gear Guys, we will see you soon. Ube is a sweet potato ding. Did you say sweet potato? Yeah. For that. No, kid. I wonder because I'm like, I have seen purple sweet potatoes. But I need to see purple sweet potatoes too. Put it together. How'd you do? Okay. Didn't I know that? But yeah, it's definitely some of the cooking companies that I'm critiquing. They'll have a new Ube. Yeah. I'm going to get in my U-RUS. No, I can't afford a new. But if I could, I would get in my U-RUS drive, drive down the don't show I'm getting an Ube. What you did in the car, though? No. Well, I would because if I had an U-RUS, I would have somebody, I would have enough money to pay someone to clean it on a daily or weekly basis. I'd probably just eat everything in the car. There's that. Yeah, you'd do everything to the lizard thing. What's going to jump straight into the store? Yeah. You don't do that? You don't have one like that? You don't do the lizard. I don't know. I got to get the other lizard. I want to see you talk. I'm good without it. Do I have porn tongue today? Is it all white and chalky? Oh, no. No, it's loose wet. That's wet again. Move your microphone closer. All right. We get this thing rolling guys.