Hey everybody, welcome to It's Just Body Building. I'm Big Ron Parlo and of course Dusty Hanshah and The Producer, Scott McNally. Remember to like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. And remember, I am mutant.com, but I am mutant.com, get your all in, get your mind FK, get your big greens. Big greens, yes. Big greens. Hardcore ISO. I have hardcore ISO, the new name. Change it in. Yeah, yeah, that's why throughout I was trying to remember to make sure to get that new name in their hardcore ISO instead of ISO surge, they changed it. Same product. And everyone should get on the gear. Everyone. All the gear. All the gear. Okay. Remember Big Ron and Dusty are your codes. Save money, avoid people. Scott. That's going on today. What is the news? The news is the Tampa Pro. I mean, I got to tell you that there are so many people that I've talked to over the weekend. They were just so freaking pumped about this show. I don't know about you guys. Did you guys hear about like, there was a lot of energy around this kind of test. We should do it. We should do it right in honor of even bodybuilding and break it down. Just like you said for maybe really skipping third place or four. Making attempts. We randomly pick eight numbers to skip before we down show. Yeah. Random number generator. A people were going to skip. Okay. Well, first of all, the Jordan Quinton showdown. Oh, yes. So obviously, we haven't talked about Jordan on the show really, but I've a one of my Instagram. He's like, I knew he was going to be really good. But you know, I just thought, you'll see what happens in this lineup, right? Yeah. I initially, like someone sent me, I know we didn't talk about it on the show yet, but someone sent me like a list of the names like a week ago and Lionel by Eki was on that list, right? Oh, yeah. He of course didn't do the show. I don't know what happened, but Lionel was on the list. And I just said, oh, well, if Lionel's on the way Lionel can be, he'll win. Right. But that's all the attention I paid. I didn't know what he'd been doing lately. I haven't seen him in ages, right? Yeah. And of course, he didn't do the show. So we wound up with like, I don't know, who had this showdown picked Quinton in Jordan. Like who had that as like the top two. I mean, obviously they're both great, but the lineup looked good. I will say that I had Jordan as soon as he entered, right? Because he's been working with Tuddle and what they have done in the last, like Jordan was, he's actually from like an hour from where I live, right? The changes he's made in the last two years are absurd. He's up like 30 pounds. And it's literally all dropped in the perfect places. Yeah. I mean, he looks bigger than he is. And he weighs, I mean, he was 270 something leading in. And he looks every bit of it at his size. So I sent to you guys the pictures. And I was just like, I just think he's too thick. And obviously Quinton is bananas. But Quinton crazy. And Quinton wasn't on my radar at all on the other side of the spectrum. No thought on him. I immediately said, I think what most people did outside of Jordan, I was like, well, obviously you got to you. So there's a contender for the win. And then you got Justin Shire. And he's obviously a contender for the win as well. And just to look so crazy too, and it's like his progress picks and stuff is, it's dimensions are so insane. You know? So I was with you on that. I was like, I can't wait to see him. So what I'm saying is I was a genius and also a complete moron that knows nothing about bodybuilding all the same time. I had, I mean, I saw Jordan was entered. And you know, Quinton, you know, I mean, obviously Quinton stepped up and was like, his all-time best this show. And now it's all new level of Quinton. But, you know, we had a rough year. Last time he competed, he wasn't as best at every show. He redeemed himself in Toronto there a great deal. But, you know, it wasn't what he wanted. So he just wasn't, I wasn't like thinking, oh, he's going to come in and stomp everybody. I just thought, oh, he's going to be one of the guys probably taught five first call out. But I was looking at John Jewett and John Delarosa along with Jordan because, you know, we know John Delarosa has what it takes to always be in that top mix and pull out a win. He's been to the Olympia before. I was no no surprise from to do it again. And then John Jewett is just so complete and always on and, you know, he's such a smart guy that he knows how to actually improve his physique from the voting to the next, which is something that not everyone knows how to do where is capable of doing. But John Jewett with the way he gathers data and pays attention to everything. I almost expect him to find something to improve on every time he comes out. And he looked, he did look incredible and he looked incredible. So, you know, the only way John Jewett goes backwards with a look is if, like, his tango is to shatter something like, it's not going to be his management of variables that screws up John Jewett. He's just too on that stuff. That's his department, right? Yeah. So, I knew those guys would all be in the top there, but man, that's Quentin, look, you mungus. Like, you realize that most bodybuilders are five foot eight. Like, yeah. You know, that line up and Quentin standing there opened up. It's crazy how huge he is. And I mean, Quentin was just in my gym, like, you know, a few months ago there. He was like, way over 300 pounds and super lean. Yeah. And it's just, you see him in person and you're like, oh, because, you know, there's not a lot of guys that are like the six foot plus huge. Right. Yeah. You know, and they're different. There are different, uh, a different experience to encounter in person when you know, you know, yeah. Well, let me ask you guys this one. Let me ask you guys this because I'm kind of getting off this show, but I, I'm that note with Quentin. We're just we're getting off it. We're, we've been coming back. We've been coming back. We're a Quentin. We're already off. There's one person that I could, I could see like apples to apples being a comparison. And that's Samsung. Like, I feel, well, you were playing through Jack in that combo too. Yeah. Yeah, we're in the Andrew Jack category. Yeah. Small ways. What would it be? Yeah. What would it be? Taint. Taint. Taint. Taint. Two years. Two years. Just more, more, more. Okay. More. When I, when I look at him, all I think, and this is almost everybody, but, but now that he's brought it in, we just need time. If I was a top guy, if I was beating him right now like a Jordan or these guys, I'd be like, oh, shit. But, I'm not going to get in. He's coming. And he's going to get bigger. And he obviously has figured out how to dial it in without flattening out. Because that was the knock, right? Like he hit a tough time previously with thai game. The condition, yeah, getting the condition with thai game. The thai gap to buckle. Yeah. But he was like, I mean, and I know this gets overdone. Quentin can win any show there is eventually. He isn't, he is a guy who can win an auto class. He's a guy who could win an Olympia. I really, I look at him and I mean, and that I would not have said, let's see, 72 hours ago. But now I look at him and even how he, even how he poses, something I pushed to my client, I'm sure you guys too, too, is when he was hitting his shots, I feel like he's looking at the judges and then crowd and saying you're welcome. I'm going to, I'm going to, you've been watching a lot of bodybuilding. Now let me show you another level. I mean, he is wildly impressed. I'd love to have him on the show. I think you know him well, Ron. So we should get there. Yeah, yeah, I know I'd love to get Quentin on. I've even mentioned it to him before and it's cool with it. So tell me no Scott, he'll come. I'll talk about it. I used the island of Naomi. All that's happened doesn't help me. We're going to see Quentin doing Olympia, man. He, you know, though, does he go into Texas this weekend? Oh, this is going to do an Olympia this year. Yeah, that's the house man. Oh, yeah, play this. Yeah, he looks so good here. I mean, what the fuck? So I see him when I think of him in his structure. I'm thinking guys like, well, I mentioned stamps and I'm thinking guys like Tony Freeman, Frederick McMillan, Sean Roden, you know, he's got there type of structure to him. Yeah, he's brought his backup to the knock was at his back wasn't fully there yet because he's so huge. Yeah, like, he has a lot of space to fill out. A big huge guy needs like so much muscle hanging off his back. It's like, I don't see any thai gap there. But it's the, yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, the structure and how I mean, I don't think people realize either and now you can see in the video, but standing in front of him, he is literally as wide as a truck. Also, too, you don't get it because of how like his height and everything. But when you see him in person, his calves are like the size of my freaking head. And like obviously, I've got that. I've got that big head. I've got that calf thing because I like, you know, I was wanting crazy calves and never had him. But I still haven't even noticed him. So you see a guy like, winning in shorts and he just like, like, just to get cantaloupe's just massive, you know, you're thinking, Oh, God, this is so unfair. No one else gets it. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's what we, he has those so wrong and I don't. Yeah, just unbelievable. And I know no one cares about calves except for guys you don't have calves. That's like, I feel like it should be illegal for guys with calves to wear full length pants. Even in the waiting. Or shorts. Or shorts. Make them, make them enjoy the fact that they have calves or don't let them enjoy the fact that they have calves. I'm torn. I have a great story about that. I was helping a guy with his posing one day. And we're just trying to adjust his legs so that they would like pop, you know? And he's, well, how should I stand? And I said, you got to stand the way that makes your legs look best. And he goes, well, my legs look best in pants. And I was like, I can't do that. But I'll introduce him to the physique. Yeah, there you go. So I wanted to bring up third place. Did we do the top two? We did. We ran over. Oh my God. I'm throwing a roll here. This, I don't even know how to say names, Joseph Polassios. Is that right? I don't know. Yeah. California. Dude. Okay. I'd never even heard of him. Yeah. And I mean, I don't know if Gilco's got a video of him. They're scott, but if he does pull him up, I mean. Yeah, I think this is the guy, too, that we had an old picture of him, I guess. Andrew pulled some stuff together in the last BSG. And everybody said, that was the worst picture you could have shared. And skip tore him up on the podcast. He was like, this guy's not going to do well. And everybody, everybody. That's the, everybody. That's up on the comments for that. He looks really good. Look what I love is. He doesn't have the greatest shape, genetically. Right. But he's so massive. Yeah. He really is. And you can ignore him. And also to another lesson, I mean, I know this approach, so it's different from, you know, most people watching the show are doing like, you know, local, regional state national level shows. But, you know, the glutes shred of glutes. Oh, yeah. Like get your conditioning down. You know, I heard a guy at the gym the other day talking about posing. And he was like, yeah, but you know, my posing is really good. And, you know, I've got better shape. So, you know, blah, blah, blah. And he was talking, he was kind of speaking. I was, he was dropping. Yeah. He was trying to talk around that he wasn't shredded. Right. Okay. And obviously, that's what you do. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But I just got a size. Yeah. Like look at the glutes. You know, you can say, oh, he doesn't have the best structure. Yeah. Look at his posing to the, like he's, he's doing a pose as well. phenomenal posing right now. The side chest is crazy. Look at the size of the pecs. Yeah. Observe. Really, really, really, really, really, really good control of everything he's doing here in these shots. Yeah. Yeah. I think a lot of people were rooting for him too. Based off of the feedback we got on Blood Sweat and gear on Friday. Because there was an outpouring of people. Like, you guys did Joe Dirty. Really? You guys sucked so bad. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then obviously, like we were touched, we had, uh, as you were in fourth, um, I saw nothing off it. He just ran into a lineup. Yeah. You know, and I think that that's a thing good for the, uh, for the viewers to the compete. Like, that's why you can't base all of your success on where you place. Hmm. Because I, I saw nothing when I was like, I was like, oh, if he would have done X, he would have moved up. I'm like, not, not lineup. You know, he could have been fourth or third in my eyes. But I mean, you know, outside of that, there was nowhere to go. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. And then, uh, I wanted to, uh, I don't know Bruno Santos. But, uh, he was also obviously awesome. Very conditioned huge legs and adductors. I don't know if you guys saw his pictures. But in a front double when you're adductors, grab my eyes. That's pretty freaky. Ha ha ha. Oh, the picture. Do you have a picture? I got some video of him. Yeah. Here we go. I can't remember which guy. Oh, yeah, yeah. Is this a guy? Yeah. Yeah. Real crispy. I feel like they did a good job with the lighting at this show, too. Yeah. Well, Gilco does a great job of getting the footage up quickly all so like all day. I just rock on his page. I was like, yeah, this would be all watch. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, he looks good. Yeah, he looks good. And if he was just a little harder, yeah, he's a threat to go up even further. You know, he and Delo Rosa were pretty, we're kind of like, yeah, like fourth and fifth there. And, uh, and Delo Rosa got six. But I wanted to mention because I don't know if you guys knew. But, you know, he's done 34 pro shows. I believe it. Yeah, I totally believe that. I remember him. Fifth place at a New York pro in 2012. Okay. Proud to say I competed with John once. Did you really? Yeah, he did the van Pro the year I did. He got second to Fouad. It was him and Fouad for like first and second. Yeah. He's been at this, like I remember him training with Victor Martinez when Victor was on top. You know what I mean? I'm great winner. Winner had to buy Danny's at midnight after the show for everybody. So, John is one of the biggest people when you see him in person. Yeah. He's like the small, like his height stature. But he is enormous. Yeah. Just absolutely huge. I love that he, you know, he went out with a phenomenal look. Yeah, he sure did. Left your body, but he probably didn't retire him. He retired. And I think that not a lot of people get to say that in a 13 year pro career. Yeah, you know. Yeah, he looked pretty great last year too, like his conditioning has been on point. But he was just definitely an old school guy in the fact that like he competed. Yeah, I just went back and looked while we were starting the show and I was like, I'm counting him up and I'm like, holy shit. Hey, you know, from my count, which could have been off by one or two since I was speeding. I had 34 pro shows and he was always in the mix. Yeah. So he did a few Olympians too, didn't he? Like at least at least a couple. Oh, yeah, no, he's got let's see here. One, two. It's good shot. Nice, most muscular. I see two Olympias. See, yep. And then the big ones, he has including the other South Africa and stuff. He's got one, two, three, four, five, five, six, seven, seven Olympias. Or I mean, okay. Oh, Arnold's. Yeah, yeah. And I believe three of those were the two or three were the US. Okay. And I mean, and he always brought there too. I mean, pro shows did he win fourth at the Arnold Classic in 2014. Yeah. And in Columbus. Yeah. Okay. He must have won at least five. Yeah. They're not listed off. I have to touch every single one. But I mean, yeah, he was he was winning shows. He's literally always in the mix. I mean, I've just randomly touched it. I've already hit three wins. Yeah. So, you know, and so he's retired. No, is he retired, right? Actually, he's the most. Yeah. That's cool. Yeah. So get the hell of a show. Yeah. He's my hell of a career. We get we could have John on. We should. Oh, I love you. Yeah. Yeah. He'd be great. And he won. He did win in New York pro one or two of those two. Oh, did he? So yeah. Yeah. He won the 2014 and I know that. Okay. Yeah. That's a big win. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Oh. Yeah. And then I love when you look as I'm just flipping through them. And it's like, you know, he had a off show in 2016. Yeah. And then I look at who beat him and you're like Dexter Jackson. Oh, there you go. Yeah. Victor Martinez. I'm like, okay. Yeah. That's the thing. I remember seeing videos of him and Victor training together. And that was like in the days of Kai being back in New York and competing. Yeah. Yeah. He's been in New York a long time. I call that that New York era. Yeah. Yeah. There was that last blast of like. Yeah. Yeah. We were really like one Morelle. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Kevin Glitch and one. Yeah. I trained with both of them at Bench. Did you really? Yeah. Kevin and one together. Kevin English incredibly strong. When you trained with him. Yeah. They did so much volume. Okay. Yeah. They were just doing. I just remember thinking like. Then one bench is like one Morelle. How many sets did we do? That was like the most volume I ever did for chess to my whole life. Yeah. I did a chess workout with Kevin English and one Morelle. And I think we did 30 sets of chess. Okay. Yeah. Just 20, six More than me. Yeah. And he's done. That's just that home by then. Yeah. And like literally third or fourth exercise was like a superset with flat bench. Okay. Like and one was doing three plates. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm like, oh, that's not manageable. Like this many sets in doing like a superset with crossovers. And he's doing three 15. Pull pull pull. And then the church. Like he was strong. Like they move on. You know that sort of like volume strength where you're not. Yeah. Yeah. He crazy weights. But you look at the poundages you're using like 20 sets in. Yeah. And you're like, oh, that's yeah. He just go all day. It adds up. Yeah. That's up. It was good. And I remember we were like 30 sets into chess and ones. One gets a phone call. He's like, I got to go my truck's done. He like leaves. Yeah. I'm like, oh, well, we've done a lot of sets. I guess he's done. Yeah. You guys didn't know is when you started that work out. They started building that truck. Yeah. He's getting a detail. There's nothing because like getting a detail. Yeah. We were like training and we're like. And then so me and Kevin did like one more thing afterwards. Before we were done, it was funny. We're filled. I remember back then when a king Williams was like the new kid. You remember that when he came in. He was just like the crazy strong new kid. And hey, you know who else old we're talking about old school guys who've been around for a while. You know what I talked to over the weekend was Derek Farnsworth. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's traveling today as we record this to the master's Olympia. So he's like, if we still have his thumb somewhere. We're going to get him out. By the way, when he comes back in and stuff. I say Derek worked on me once, but it was sort of a impromptu. Went in the back of the booth. I mentioned something about my problem. And he's like, oh, come with me. And then we go in the back of the mutant booth and he just starts ramen. It's thumb into my ribs and he's up under my armpit and he's like one of my shoulder blade. And I'm like, yeah. And he's like, yeah, something in there. And he's like, you know, pulling my lat off my ribs. I'm going on at the mutant booth. You know, I'm like, yeah, well, bruised up. So he's done some work. He didn't work on my shoulder. Like in the front of the booth one time. I was like, oh, it's click and he goes, here. Give me your arm. And like five minutes later, I was going to remove your limb. Yeah, I was like, thanks buddy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. That was, it was just a great show all the way around. And there haven't been a lot of shows when I'm not there to be honest that I'm watching them throughout the day. Yeah. So you realize we made it from first test six. And we didn't miss anybody. I think that even bodybuilding was rubbing off on us. You know, the is what it was. You know, you guys want to just step up your game a little bit. If you watch us, he'll still tell us what we did wrong. But that's because of fairness. Yeah. Yeah. We didn't say enough negative stuff. You know what I mean? We needed to you guys aren't color. Yeah. Val. It was like everybody. It was like everybody. It was like everybody. It was a good show. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Are we moving on? Yes. If we go any further, we'll start messing it up. Oh yeah. Quick. Yeah. Right. So like I've said, two nice things to my wife. I'm just going to leave it. Yeah. Right. I'm not trying to come up with a third nice thing. No. I saw this amazing thing. The other day you guys, it was on Instagram. And this guy walks in his house and he looks his wife. He goes, hey, give me a beer real quick before it starts. And she goes, okay. So she goes and gives him a beer. He drinks it and he sits on the couch. He goes, quick, quick grab me another beer before it starts. So she goes off and grabs a beer. He brings a bathroom. He drinks it. He's like, give me one more beer before it starts. She's like, before what starts. He goes, just give me the beer. Hurry. So she gets the beer. He starts to drink it and she goes, Are you just going to sit here all the year goes. Shit. Now it started. I lost it. I'm like, oh, that's what he was talking about. I'm not fucking started. Here we go. Yes. Okay. Good stuff. All right. We got some questions. We got a bunch of questions, man. Not a lot of my. My people never fail. You know, on my short notice, oh, shit. We didn't plan anything. Help me. Yeah. All right. We got to talk about your death threat. Oh, we should cover my death threat. Am I allowed to read the death threat? So I, I realize. I have done, I've done nothing. I've done nothing impactful with my entire life. I have affected nobody. I have, let's not call it quick anymore. By the way, let's just. I will stop using that word on the live threat. On the live threat. Maybe on a life threat. Oh, I'm cut on the other side. I'm friendly email. Yes. I realize now I have not tried hard enough to make an impact because I'm not getting. On a live email. Like, yeah. You must be doing something great to have someone hate you so much. I like the way you're looking at this. Like, I'm, I need to try harder because I feel like a little left out. Like, I've got people that dislike me. I've got people that say, I hate that guy. I, blah, blah, blah. I've heard lots of insults about me and I've gotten some mean messages, but I've never gotten an in your life and your family. And your family. And your family. Yeah. And like, I want my family included. Here's the thing. If I were to receive that, I would hope that I knew what I had done. Do you know what I mean? I would, oh, he's receiving that because of this thing that I said, yeah. I don't even know what dusty said. Because I want a chance to change Scott. Yeah. Or just think responsibility. I thought the title of the email was the best. Yeah. Dusty Han Shah, son of a bitch posting some crappy contents. I love how he left spaces. But what was the word between the letters? So I assume it's S O space N. Yeah. So the bitch was B space I space T space CH. They said together. Yeah. So then the death threat itself kind of has some spaces in it. On a lot of things. Yeah. Yeah. On a lot of things. Are they sort of thinking that that'll dodge like a, like a sensor bought or I don't. I'm wondering that. Yeah. That picks up violent threats or something. Like it was almost like the spaces. I wonder. I would have been reported in some way would. Right. Some email filter. Yeah. You know, something picks it up and reports us suspicious content if it's not space. That like that. Right. In a positive note guys, the last line was Rest in Peace. Oh, that's nice. I feel like he like brought it up. Sort of sleep at the end of the day. It's all going to be okay. We all do it on a live. No. Which is going to be a no rest. It's. Well, all of us one day will be there. You know. So I brought it over. It's a red and sticky. It's just laughed and kept making lunch. It was amazing. I enjoyed it. Well, see, I'd be tempted to, since you're living the states, I'd be tempted to like give it to like someone in the FBI. And you find out who this is. I'd give it to them then they're like it was us. Ah. It's part of the SIOP. We've started against you to drive me insane. Right. And they found out I'm already there because I laughed and then went to my next set. Yeah. Yeah. So Dusty's getting email. So if anyone out there hates me. Step it out. I want. I feel like Dusty has had, you know, like people that they say if you don't have any enemies, you've never done anything impactful. Yeah. I've always been like, start to feel like my life has been too soft and nice. I don't have these emails coming in. I wonder who I have enough impact. Yeah. We'll get you there, buddy. We're just sprinkling a little more American on you. You'll get there. I need more of that. Okay. Beautiful. What's next? How do you leave that topic? That was a bit of a con the questions. That was an answer. That was an answer. Yeah. Scott, do you think? Whatever you like. All right. I'm just going to go from the top there. And I do see one, too. We'll have to get to the one from my client. We have a story from the weekend. But before we do from dude man with a bunch of owes, what is the last cycle by Ron and Dusty before going to Tier T Scott? I know that you're on the gas. If how is that going currently? I don't know if I'd say I'm on the gas. Love the show. Thanks for the entertainment. Yeah. So what was, if you guys remember, what was your last cycle? My last cycle. Well, I mean, I did the van pro in 2015. And then I was, I was off season 2016. Trying to get nice and juicy big again when I'm in the quad. And I remember I was 315 at the time when I took my quad tour. And I was running, I remember I was running Test and EQ and GH. So it's this Test EQ and GH at the time. And I was 315. And that's when I tore my quad. And then after that, you know, when during the rehab part, I just used like a bit of test for like the year to rehab, you know? And then I think I did like another probably cycle of EQ with test again to like try to size up or you know something and then that would have been my last cycle. And then I would have been like, okay, and I've seen that and I would have been like let's open the gym. Yeah, there we go. Yeah. So it would have been Test and EQ and GH. I'd bet money was probably the last cycle I ran. Probably somewhere around 750 tests and like 500 EQ or something like just basic shit. I would do it in a show. Mine would have been after I was probably training for about two months after the coma. Yeah. And I was like, let's speed this process up a little bit. And so I just went with real simple. I did 750 test 300 EQ and then I dropped some abombs in there for about four weeks. And then I got real heavy real quick and I was like, oh better get rid of those. And that was always my tried and true and I know Ron is with me on that like Test and EQ was just went in doubt, dropped those in and have a good time. And I never really got like fancy with the cycles even when I was growing. I was like, yeah, throw those two things in things take place. And we talked about this on the show before, but I got to like say this again for people. I have been up like I'd win as high as 1200 on Test. I just didn't really see any change. I didn't see enough difference between the 750 line and the 1200 that it made sense. So I just didn't do it. It wasn't like an anti or oh no, I'm walking the path. So I'm going to go lower. I went up and nothing happened. And I was like, well then what's the point? I know what boosting obviously other things went up as well. But I was like, there were just a point for me where it was very obvious that the return on investment wasn't there. And I like to just put that out there because everyone thinks that I'm like holding some flag for all low doses. It's like no, just the doses that work. Yeah. Like right. You know, in my in my prime of like chasing to be as big as I could. If I needed 1500 milligrams of test to do, I would have done it. Yes, it's not like I'm like, oh, I would never. It just wasn't necessary. And when I tried to go up to a higher level, it just wasn't, it didn't really, I didn't see anything. So, and I've dabbled with here and there since then, but it's more like, you know, for fun. I'm like, oh well, what would it be to throw in 400 milligrams of premo with my test here and see what happens. You know, yeah. Yeah, I remember you saying you did that. It was a while ago. Yeah. You know, it was like not, and that's kind of, I hate saying what I've done now because I usually don't really stick with it to be completely honest with you. I'm not like running cycles like I was and about maybe two, three months ago, I decided I was like, I'm going to get back on a cycle. And I'm going to do like a legit cycle like 750 tests, something like I can't remember what it was if it was like 800 tests and 700 EQ or something. And it lasted about two weeks. I was like, I'm just taking shots. Yeah, I was like, I don't want to do all these shots. And I don't want to have five bunch of gears. So I was like, you know what, how about I do? It was like eight, we'll say it was like 800 and 600. And I was like, well, then how about it's 400 and 300. And I was like, oh, I'm just 300 tests and no EQ. And I was like, well, he just, slowly. Yeah. Yeah. But that said, I do have some DHB on hand. I have some clients that all kind of around the same time wanted to start DHB. And I had heard. So I'd run DHB die hydroboldenant, basically as testosterone breaks down into DHT, aqua poise breaks down into DHB, right? The reduced form. So I, you know, I'd heard, I'd used it twice. I'd used it once in a cut situation, once in an off situation. I had a great experience with it. And lately I had been hearing people say in the last year or so well as really a toxic compound. And, and I had heard this kind of paraded on comments where I'd be like, Oh, yeah. You see, you know, liver values going to go through the roof. So I have a client who you see, Suma has been up to runs gym actually. He said, he's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. And he's competing again this weekend. Yeah. He's he's like literally men's on, right? Yeah. He's unmen's. And he works with me. God. Sorry for outing thought. Yeah. So he, he's like, I don't always drink it smart. I don't want to use trend. This off season or this contest prep. I just don't want to. You know, I get a little edgy, master's my sleep a little. What else could we do? And we talked about DHB. So he starts running six weeks in. We did labs. His labs hurt the best they've ever been on a cycle. Like he's doing incredible. Somebody else that I've worked with is getting labs done this week. And I've got some and just because I don't want to run a bunch of gear, I'm going to do 100 tests and 100 DHB twice a week. That's going to be my cycle. And I can handle that because that's literally like a CC and a half per week. So I'm going to do that for a little while. We'll see how that goes. It's very low dose. Nice. Okay. I'll get left to. And then we've got some other people that are getting labs. I want to put this to rest once and for all how toxic is die hydropolton. You know what is hard for me with toxicity is that it's not one size fits all. Yeah. Like I've done my blood work. Like after a show and I'm like, oh god, I don't want to see this. Yeah. And then it comes through and I'm stunned at how good it is. I'm like slightly at a range of a couple of things and you're like, how is that possible? Yeah. And then I've clients that have run a couple of things. They send me their blood work and I'm like, oh my god, you need to do your time. Yeah. My, yeah. My worst blood work ever was one of my very first shows. Okay. And then within five weeks, six weeks of the show, it was completely corrected. And it couldn't have been gear related because I was on very little gear. It had to have been the way I died it. And so what happened was I had done a couple of shows already. And then for the 99 Alberta's, which I was peeled that in one of the overall, I was very broke. I was going to college full time I had no money. So I just bought like 20 amps a sustenant and a bottle of cland. Like in a Costco membership. I literally did that show on two amps a sustenant a week. And then I'm a buddy gave me like a handful of halo tabs for like two weeks. Yep. Like I had nothing like it was very minimal drugs. And then after the show, and my blood work done, everything was pretty good, but my liver value, my ALT was a thousand. Okay. Yes, hi. Time to take a break for you. Halo. You know? I was like, that's I took like 20 makes a halo a day for two weeks. And 500 makes a test. Like it can never see that before. Because my show before that I took like other stuff. And my liver enzyme was fine. But the diet I'd done, I had done this diet where, and this is why I think my liver value was artificially elevated. I was dieting on very high protein almost no carbs. Okay. And so you know your body, your body does a lot to change protein into glucose. Right. And I think I had a lot of liver stress on all the processes that may have been going on with the diet I was doing because it was extremely low carb high protein. I was kind of living on protein. Yeah. And then as soon as I went, like my doctor was like, oh my God, do liver. And then within like five, six weeks, it was back down to range. And I was like, oh. And then I never ever saw an elevated liver value, even even over a hundred after that. Really? Even like, anodrol and other stuff. But I never did that severe long term of a kind of almost carbless diet. So are you saying that rice fixes liver levels? Yes. No, I'm just saying that's a good thing. I suspect is that the diet, the forcing the liver to process all the protein into fuel. Yeah. Probably had some to do with that liver enzyme level. I'm guessing. I mean, with 20 milligrams of halo for two weeks, that's like nothing. Yeah. So that doesn't math out. Yeah. Never ever again saw anything like that ever. And I was just like so weird. And I was young and I was only 23. So like you're so fresh and resilient. Yeah. Like it had to have been some weird, freaky thing with protein, glucose, gluconogenesis. Gluconogenesis. Gluconogenesis. Yeah. I think that's what I was saying. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So that's my guess. I don't know. I'm not an expert. But I was like to mentally think of how someone could twist what was just said. You got it, rice bro. What you got was don't go low carbs. Got it. No, I just have some funny circumstances. It was something going on. Got that make sense. Okay. Yeah. So I got two questions here from the shredded cheese. Who's a client of mine competed this week? Oh, I got to tell you guys a story about him too. By the way, but I'm going to throw these questions at your first. Says you could only eat protein bars for the rest of your life or go vegetarian. Or would you rather eat soup or sandwiches for the rest of your life? And go round. So there's two separate questions. Two separate questions. Yeah. So I couldn't live on protein bars for the rest of my life. I couldn't do it. But if I go in vegetarian, that's tough. Fuck. That's tough one. Because if you go vegetarian, you can't have milk chocolate again for the rest of your life. Ooh. So there's the protein bars. I don't know man. Protein bars like after I eat like three of them. Couldn't you be like one of those soft veg people where they're not fully vegan. So maybe the chocolate could stay. They have soft gas. Like religion, you know, where you have the rules you follow them the one you don't. Wow, there's vegan in this vegetarian and there's a difference. But like vegans will a true vegan. Like people forget what that means. But like back in the old days of vegan wouldn't even wear leather shoes. Yeah. Right. That's a true vegan. Right. People forget that. But this is vegetarian, right? Yeah. Yeah. So you're safe. I think we can keep the chocolate. I don't know man. I don't really care too much about vegetarian foods. I would definitely go and ship myself along eating the protein bars. That's what I was going to say is the fence of those around me. Yeah. I'd go vegetarian. I'd have to live on like chocolate flavored vegetarian protein powder. And. Can we time travel in this because if we can go back and make it yummy to like the early 2000s when all the protein bars were full of shit. They were just candy bars. Oh, they're going to live off of the D tour bars. Oh, okay. They've got D tours. They're the one exception. So if I can go back to like, Oh, one, Tabloid. I'm going protein. Yeah. It's still exist. No, I think once they had to meet label claims it didn't quite taste the same. Yeah. I remember the first time I tried to when those this is how it goes down when you're using this is makers. You take a bite and you go, this is definitely not actually on the label. No. And then you continue to eat them as if the label is accurate or you have three at your first time in a D. I'm going to make you eat three at a show and then you almost shit your pants at the show. Yeah. Yeah. They had these. That was my morning every day when I was a kid. I would go in and get a D tour bar when I get to get to work and then a fedger drink. Oh, God. And kick this off of pure fedrine and candy. I'm going to stuff we did to our systems. I was recently explaining to somebody about your himbine. And I was like, Well, if you took any fat burners in the early 2000s, you probably had used. And as I was telling him that my brain went back to like, Do you remember how popular every company's fat burner was? There was like red line in light bow six. Everybody had a fat burner. You know, I wrote a lot of those things, man. Hydro cuts and you know all that. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was amazing. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to say amazing. I'm going to plug my friend Bill Tokos protein bar. The boron sugar. He sent me a couple boxes of these and I'm going to tell you they are actually really good. And they have pure weight isolate in them. They do have a lot of fiber so that that's kind of like the way they get away because it's like a keto bar. So I don't know if I could eat like six of them a day. But I have eaten two and my digestive system was cleaned out in a good way. It was like, wasn't a bad thing, but I was like, yeah. Right. Yeah. I think I'm down a piece of the number. I had a barbecue once. I was had a barbecue once and I had a burger. Well, I had a few burgers. And I had like a third burger. Yeah. I was like, Oh, that one was pretty good. And I just had my burgers playing. You know me, right? Yeah. Oh, yeah. And maybe it's slice of cheese and anyways. And then someone's like, Oh, you ate one of the veggie patties. It was one of the black bean burgers. And I was like, Oh, that's why it tastes different. But it was really yummy. Those are good. But then someone at the party told me, Oh, those aren't the good quality ones. And I was like, Oh, I like them. It was better than that. Yeah. I can live on those. Maybe I could maybe the shitty quality. Yeah. That's why it was good. You know what I mean? That's classic. Yeah. Wow. We already know it. Ron's answer on the super for sandwich. Chicken noodle soup and beef and barley soup. Yeah. Get your protein in there with the beef. Chicken. I'm almost an old man. No. I can order soup. Yeah. Don't see it was angry that day. My friends like an old man said soup back at a deli. Don't threaten me with the sandwich. Because that's not a threat. No. I know. Which is every day. I'd live off sandwiches too. Yeah. I'd like to say something myself or to someone else have to touch it. I prefer if someone else touches it. Sam which is with mail. Every sandwich has mail. The sandwich the problem is the sandwich comes and I don't trust exactly what's been done to it. I want to put the gloves on. I peel the top back and look someone spit in this. Oh, you. So I have a story. I have a layer there from this client. And I have questions. Follow up question for you guys. So this is Jeremy. The shredded cheese. And here's the deal. So he had to eat that. Yeah. And so here's the deal. He had to die at really hard. And he's at a point where he struggled to make weight. So his cutoff was 194. And we're like eating next to nothing. Like foods real low. And he's at like 195, 197. You know. And his weight just doesn't want to come down. So we went to basically like a modified keto diet. And we got him down to like, what's all in 195, 195, 195, 195. But he would also have trouble with sleep from the diet. So if you didn't sleep well, he'd wake up at like 197 or 202. And if you woke up at 202 the day, so we have to weigh in Friday night. Because it's the state level show that he just did this past weekend. And so we had to, we ended up having to basically starve him that day. Like no food that day fast. And we had to control fluid. Like okay, you're good. You know, he'd weigh in. And I'm like, okay, you can drink four ounces of water over the next 30 minutes. And then four ounces of water after that. And then check back in again. And we'll see if you can have more water or if you have to wait, you know. Right. So he has to drive. I think it was like two hours. And that he's driving on Friday. He's timing it up so that he can get there right at five o'clock when he starts right everything is timed up perfectly about two hours in his My day day. So I'm not doing anything else for work except for hanging out with my wife and then talking to him. And I didn't heard from him for a while and I kind of texted him. See what's going on. Everything's good. And you know, I don't hear from him for a while longer. He should be showing up pretty soon. And then I get the text. I forgot my trunks. Oh my god. He's been. I tell you about the diet, right? He was pretty upset at this point. You know what I'm saying? Like I think he can probably hopefully laugh at it now. But he was like, you know what man. I've just been so hungry for so long. I sleep for con sucks and like now this. It's like I don't need this. Like I just want this to be done. I want it to be over, you know. And I feel for him. But at the same time, I'm like, but he looks. I think we got a pretty good plan here. You know, I know what we're going to do with him after we get to the after we get some of the scale. We just have to get through this thing. And but he got very reactive and I've been there. You know what I'm saying? So moral of the story is he ends up going all the way home. To our trip turns into like a five hour drive. I feel for the dude. Not drinking, not eating, right? And he makes way and he ends up winning two classes. Like he and his mind was blowing, right? He gets up there for the overall in body building. And the guy who won the overall would like just completely destroyed anybody. And he didn't even show his big dude. He looked really good. So there's no love loss there. You know what I mean? Like he did the best he could. Did incredible. And his perspective completely changed too. You know, and he's like, oh shit. So I guess my point is, because you guys know firsthand, like you make a mistake like that. And you let it get in your head. That could be the end of your prep. Do you know what I mean? Like one bad thinking happened and you're like, oh, this is it. Like I don't care anymore. I'm done. I just want to go home and eat. You kind of, you tap out like that. It all worked out for him. And I'm glad that it did. And I think there's huge lessons for him. But like I think that it's a great learning. It's a great teaching tool around. And I thought we could talk about either mistakes that we've made that felt like the end of the world right before the show or maybe a mistakes we've seen clients make. And and how did we pull through those things? Because it am I right? It could have gone the opposite way. Had he said like screw it. I'm just going to drink water and we're going to do whatever happens. Like he wouldn't have made way. You know what I mean? Yep. Or to stress. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um, fuck. I've seen everything go wrong. Like, and as some of it obviously, the self sabotage part. I had a guy. He was doing light heavy weights. And he was like very good. It was like a provincial level show. It already done one show and won the overall whatever. So like he was good. He was threat to win this show. And he was getting ready for the light heavy weights. And I remember he. I couldn't get a hold of him on Wednesday. I think it was. And then on Thursday he's like, hey, I'm not going to do show. What? What? And he's like, ah, I went to Burger King yesterday. And I ate like you don't even want to know. I just fucked and went off. Yeah. And I'm like, well, what do you weigh? And he's like, two, twelve or something. And I'm like, oh, dang. And he's a light heavy. So what? I've seen twenty nine. The stuff they Border? I used to pay like seventy nine nine. It was a cut off. Ten pounds over, but like Burger King. Yeah. I'm like, oh, God, so like he's. way 1997 you should look really good. Yeah. Like help me help you fix this. You're going to regret this if you don't want to. I forced him to like agree to do the show. Yeah. This two minutes of two days. Thursday Friday just give me two days. Yeah. And so as I can't eat this, go pound this, drink this, like just go hard. His weight and you know sometimes when you if someone eats like that their weight doesn't pee can till like 36 hours later. Yes. I remember I remember he woke up on the Friday. I remember him being a little heavier than the day like you know what I mean. Like it was like you'd gone on the no carbs and stuff but it was still just so many calories were in his body like you know. And so then Friday was just like pulling water off of him. I remember he went to weigh in any weight in at like 201. They gave him an hour. Okay. You got to come back in an hour because we got to hide in everyone. Bubble, bubble, bubble, bubble. Yeah. And I remember I made him take a supposed story. Yep. Because like you are going to put this up your ass. So I'm safe to have the same body like like you're going to go to your room now. And you are going to do this like and then I made him run the stairs into sweat suit. Yep. I'm like just going up and down as many times you can. Like don't stop. And like he came back soaking wet. He went and like good. He got so good. He made and he made the weight. Yes. He did. One the show. He won the show. And then he quit body building because of you. And I remember afterwards I was like, oh God. It's so taxing to drag someone to a show like that and make them do it. And I swear I would never do it again. Yeah. Because someone and then I did. I've done it. Since we've all done it, boy. There was a lot of you. You know, there's a lot of you want something more than they do. Like, not only that. I mean, the athlete, like you they loot, you can. And I've had it happen to myself to degrees where like you lose perspective. Do you run? Do you remember that movie in Momento? Yes. So I told people the stick movie by the way. Here's the analogy I use. I say there's a movie about this guy who'd wake up every day and he would forget all of his life every morning. He woke up. So we started writing these posts at notes to them to himself. And I'll tell him like a month out when they're doing good or six weeks out or at the beginning of the prep. I need you to write a post at note to yourself right now mentally about where you're at right now, what your goals are, what you want to achieve because you might need to look at that one day. You know, eight weeks or six weeks down the road. You know? Yeah. Yeah. It's funny because it's all in how you handle those things. In 2010, my first US says, um, I don't, as you guys know, I don't book anything. I don't book travel. I didn't know where the hell I'm going half the time. Leave it. I'm going out of time this week and I found out the other day where we were going. I was like, oh, cool. I knew we were going to a cabin. I did old state. It was nice. But anyways, so every on head booked where we were staying for the US says and we're in the room. We're all set. We get their Wednesday shows Saturday and Thursday, I'm in my room and I get a call from the front desk and they're like, hey, you didn't check out. And I was like, yeah, I'm staying till Monday. And I'm like, no, you're booked for one night. I was like, no, I'm booked for the whole time. Well, we find out that she had bought the room from a different site where essentially what they would do is book you. And then if there were openings, they would just book again every day. Well, the hotel apparently had sold out. And obviously, that's a good time for a meltdown of some sort. And instead, I looked at her and I said, here's my credit card figure it out. And then I just sat down and I said, just let me know what's happening when it's all done. And I actually do this day have no idea what happened. I don't know if she paid them. No idea. I just know I didn't switch rooms and everything went fine with the show. But I was like, yep, that's on you, kiddo. Figure it out. And here's the card that'll take care of the damage if it's needed and that's it. But the worst thing I had with the client, not the one of the worst, was I had a guy coming in for a show. It was a big show. I think it was a little cup. And I had him completely peeled. Yeah. And he was he was suffering, you know. And everything's going good. He flies up. I get my pictures the next day. We are dead nuts on. Everything's going well. Then I get my afternoon picks and they're a little off. Okay. And I was like, what'd you do today? He's like, no, if everything's good, if everything's good, and I was like, are you sure? Like nothing changed? And he's like, no, no, everything's good. Just, I don't know, I'm holding a little water out. It's like, all right, well, get a good night's sleep then. Go to bed early. Maybe I think you're maybe stressed. Yeah. You know, as I can eat your relax. I'm like, no change to plan, but I want to go to bed early. Tap a sleep, aid, whatever. So he says, okay, the next morning, he sends pictures in their worse. Oh. And I said, bro, some things off. There's something you're not telling me. And he's like, can I call you? And I was like, all right, so he called you. So you knew there's something up when he said, can I call you? Here's the thing. My mom brought these chocolates for me to eat after the show. And I was like, and how many did you consume before the show? And he said, all of them. And I'm like, oh, we've introduced dairy into the equation. Shit. Oh, I know what I'm like. I said, okay, just for my own knowledge, how much? And he said, whatever you think it's more than that. Okay. And we did the best we could. He ended up getting third in a show. He would have won the overall four. Yeah. And I bring it up because I, I don't, I can't fathom doing that. Like, and he said, he said, I'll be honest, many goes, I just was, I wanted to have one. Yeah. And then he said, basically, every time he went through the kitchen, he had another one. It's just one, you know? And then it fell apart. I was just, I mean, that's a case like where, I mean, I was actually angry. Yeah. Yeah. Because I'm marked, dude, I don't give a shit how you could eat three times that much Saturday night. We just did a 24 week prep of hell. And you broke on chocolates 48 hours out. I, uh, it, it just, and I struggle with understanding people in general. So this one really killed me. I mean, he killed himself. Okay. Rew it away on chocolate. Yeah. I can't see his outward. I keep saying that. I know. I was like, between everything we've said today. I'm like, this one's got to be. Yeah. 11 views. Yeah. Right. Why? Why? I was good show. It's a lot of beeping going up and now posts today. Yeah. That's funny. So yeah, that was a rough one. Oh, yeah. Lessons learned, right? Yeah. And I, you know, in, and Jeremy did a fantastic job, though, too. So, and I think like I said, it was, he woke up that next day, you know, the day of the show and he was like, all right. I'm focused to get it. But we all have those little moments. And it's just get through that. Sometimes, man, it's, it's, you know, what things just don't always go perfect. There's flights that get missed. There's, you know, Trump's that get forgotten. And it like we just, we just work with it, because at the end of the day, nobody cares, right? When you get up on stage, nobody knows any of those stories. They just see your physique. And it's not going to ruin you. You know, as long as you don't lose your head over it. I was going to say one thing real quick while we're on that subject. Guys know that you're brain dead at the end of the show and know there's a lot going on. Yeah. So a list of the things that you must bring should be put together like a week out. Yeah. So that you have all that stuff, then you check that list. And if you're flying, the things that you need to compete must go on the airplane with you. Yeah. Must, you know, trunks. You know, you're seeing with their posing music on it. They won't know. Yeah. Anything I remember what you do that to. But I mean, all of that stuff has to go on the plane with you. I mean, I tell all the girls I work with, I'm like, your shoes on the plane. Yeah. Your suit on the plane. Like, do not, I don't, you know, your food that we must have on the plane, the rest of your clothes. I don't care if you wear that suit all week. Right. Right. So the grocery store. I'd even, I need that shit. I'd even put the flip flops. I was going to wear for the day of the show. Because I never wear normal shoes. I was a flip flop guy for, you know, the tan and shit. Yeah. Of course. Those were in my carry on. Like, everything I needed. I could just go to the show with like, you know, my Nike dry fit stuff and my flip flops and my trunks and my everything. Good job. I had asked them to like, hey, do you want to get on the phone to make sure you've got everything you need put it, you know, list good list. Get this. I got it. And then after I got that text, I was like, oh, this is not good. Because I know that feeling of like, you know, just like all of a sudden the world fell apart. And Victoria said to me, she was like, that was the one thing. Like, he could have forgotten anything else. Anything. Anything. Just that was the one one custom thing. The one thing. Borough. Like, you know, you forget your ring light. Okay. Forget your body weight scale. Which that's the number one thing I find people get as their body weight scale. You know, you know, but the trunks is the one you'll never do that again. You don't know. No, no, no, no, no, bring them on vacation. When you present, need them. Right. What does it mean? I have some questions. I know Ron, you saw a couple of good ones that really stood out. There were some good ones in there. Yeah. I like those. Yeah. That's these question boxes do all right. Yeah. See if there's anything that stands out here in there, man. I got to find it again. All right. I trusted you. Well, you find it. All right. What changes would you guys like to see in the fitness industry trends, divisions, stops, how to deal with someone, uh, rating a college essay instead of actually doing a set, etc. Thank you for the what we know what there is info. Yeah. I think the only, the thing that pops to mind for me, um, that I would like to push to the new generation of bodybuilders is, is having a life outside of bodybuilding. Yes. Like, and I know I'm an old grumpy man, but, uh, I was in the gym the other day and there were two girls there training, talking a ton. And I was just like, I just wanted to walk over go, you're annoying the shit of me, but anyways, could you talk about something other than your chicken breast and your diet and your put, like, I just feel like, you know, it's something that I really believe in anyone who followed me back and then I know is I was 120% bodybuilder, but having things that you do and enjoy outside of bodybuilding, we'll make you a better bodybuilder. Yeah. I agree. It absolutely will. I know I saw this thing. It was actually funny. Um, Matthew Kachak, uh, his dad was a pro hockey player. He and his brothers are both pro hockey players. Yeah. And he was asked, what is the thing that your parents did that made, made it possible for you to become professional hockey players? And he said, they wouldn't let me play hockey in the summer. Okay. Yes. He's like, we could play any sport we wanted, except for hockey. He wanted us to hang out with our friends, play baseball, play soccer, do whatever, but we were not allowed to do summer leagues. And that just rings to me because it's like, you got to have something else, because you'll need to get burnt out or, you know, I mean, you just won't love it. Um, so I think that's something that more people could lean into now because I know it's got a really popular to run your whole life route and do social media and everything else, but other hobbies will change your perspective and make you a better bodybuilder. I saw an interesting article on that exact thing, Dusty. It was, there's a study that actually shows now. You can anyone out there that actually knows what it is, can send it to us. But I believe it was kids who play multiple sports who are forced to play multiple sports and expose to multiple sports, actually wind up being better at the sport that they specialize in. Wow. And it's because one of the factors is they think that the kids at those ages are less likely to get burned out by the sport that they're focusing on. Because, you know, if you got a kid playing summer league hockey, it's just all hockey, hockey, and you know, kids, kids can you can fry your kid on stuff too early, you know, get them two where they feel like they're trapped in the sport and that's part of it. And then the second thing was there's just so much to take advantage of as a kid as far as developing their athletic skills and their athletic potential and everything has like such an overlap. Like if you force them, like you expose them to summer sports, then there, there's other skills that they learn that they're then bring back to their overall athletic ability as a hockey player when they start their season again. So there's some interesting research on that. Like multiple sports are the way to go if you want them to be good at any of those sports. Right. I know what I mean. Obviously, there's an age when we specialize, you know, it's good to be good to the dub. It's time to stop playing baseball. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? But yeah, that's that's that's funny that you said that. Um, I think something that I'd like to see as far as having other things going on, I feel like I got away with murder. Being a man. No, I know. I got away with not a living. I got away with not a living. This bug we're not a six views. We're not a six. We're not even talking about any of those things. But it could be missing. True. But I, you know, like I was very single focus. Bodybuilder only, you know, my whole life was revolving around bodybuilding and stuff. But I was also I was smart enough to know that I had to also like pay attention to my finances because bodybuilding wasn't going to take care of that and stuff. And I, I feel like I probably would have been an even better bodybuilder had I been even a little more diversified as it was my interest go. You know what I mean? And now that I'm older and I see people getting kind of trapped in the bodybuilding only mindset, I'm like, now I know I survived that, but it didn't go great for everyone. Right. And I don't necessarily recommend that, you know? And I think you should everyone should have a hobby that takes their mind away from bodybuilding. And you should ask yourself, do I have anything that takes me away from bodybuilding? Because I think it's actually great idea. You know, just something mentally you're out of the, you're not thinking about your chicken breast. I think that that's a mistake and it's going to burn you out much like the young kid that you forced to play some or hockey. You know? So, yeah. You know, another thing that I thought of that you guys are probably experienced, but uh, and this could be everything, but in bodybuilding, we spend a lot of time talking about ourselves. You know, so we'll be at the booth and Nikki laughs because she's, although she's in the sport, she's still an outsider and she'll laugh because I'll see someone I know and they'll walk up like, hey, Dasty. So this year I worked on bringing up my glutes and doing this. I just finished and they just puked on me. And then they leave and she's like, what the hell was that? That's not even a conversation. And I think it's something that you should be mindful of and I actually had a friend that was a really good sales guy. And I would notice when he would be around people, they'd be like, hey Nate, how's your, you know, what's going on with the family? He got all everyone doing good and then he'd immediately put it back to them and asked them about them and asked them things and I realized like he's great to be around. Like he's all and then everyone loves him and no one even realizes why. But it's because he's always reverse. He's always getting back off of him and I think in bodybuilding because we are so focused, it's an easy trap to just go on and on and on about yourself. And I find the world is a lot more interesting and especially in bodybuilding. I always laugh because people are like, how's things? And I'm like, dude, I live the same day every day. I'm the most boy person to talk to. So please tell me about you. You don't I mean? But I think that they'll find that they're enjoy things better and people won't avoid them. Yeah. Yeah, try to be a little cognizant of the post show puke when I think everyone, everyone, there's a bodybuilder has done it to someone at least once. That's fine. That's fine. We all went through that. I'm sure I did it a bunch of times. But try to be aware of if you're doing it and it's not a habit you want to be in and it's not like a thing you want to have as I get a constant trait. You know what I mean? And that's like, you know when someone says, hey, how's it going? Like they mean you? Like how is it going? Like how are you? They don't just mean how's your diet? How's your prep? How is your morning pictures? They don't just mean in fact most likely that's the stuff they care the least about. Like when I ask someone how they're doing, I would love hearing an actual answer. Like, oh, I'm doing great, man. You know, a bubble of a blonde. But the last thing I want to hear is, like, hey, man, congratulations on the weekend. Yeah, you know, I really going to bring my back and then just this long tirade about their bodybuilding plans that have nothing to do with the moment I just, you know, I know what you mean, Dusty. Hey, I just got a text from, uh, UC Suma. He says, uh, Jordan Hutchinson is right in front of me training chest with Justin Wyatt right now. Oh, I told him, hey, ask him to come on the show after, uh, after, uh, he's done competing for the season. Yeah, man. Yeah. Absolutely. Well, that won't be till October now. Oh, yeah. Well, maybe come on before Justin. Yeah. Yeah. Jordan Jordan will definitely be down. We've shared some cheeseburgers together. We're good. We're tired. Oh, you know what? You know enough to all. All right. Cool. What about this one, then, guys, from Dan Kooley, he says, guys got first call out, Master's Nets a few weeks ago. Now, the main critique I received was to bring in my glutes and glute tie in better. Um, what are some things besides RDLs and glute bridges that I can do to really bring in those gnarly wall nut looking glutes and that deep tie in? Get shredded. Yeah. It's only two things you can do. Ad muscle and reduce fat. So if you're, if you have enough muscle there, right, if you're, you know, squatting and stiff leg dead lifting and doing all the, you know, stuff you're supposed to do to get muscle there, the rest is just get more peeled than you've ever been. Get to where you were at this last show and then drop five more pounds and just, you know, get to where you were at the last show with five weeks left in your prep. Yep. And then just like that skin will just get tighter and tighter and tighter and then you'll wind up people will wind up telling you, oh, you know, what did you do? You know, I just got leaner. Braiden talked about that on his Instagram that I thought was great. Um, he said the the biggest mistake that a lot of bodybuilders make is there's the prep's a two short. Yeah. And I agree like we used to do 12 week prep's. That was first time was the norm. And now I like to start people at 20 as a minute. Yeah. Yeah. I think we used to, one is a fast prep. I used to start, we used to do the 12, I remember my first show was an 11 week prep. Yep. I got ripped because we just didn't, you know how people tell you stuff. So you think it's a rule. Like, you know, the rule like you got to lose two or three pounds a week or it's muscle. Yeah. Like I didn't, my first show I was just, they didn't know that rule. Yeah. Just wasn't a diet. The weight just fell off. And I wound up ripped and there was 11 weeks and there was a hard diet. I was starving the whole time. But yeah, I was like five pounds a week. I'll add to it if he does need more tissue. I think the bodybuilders and some people would be surprised to hear this. But I've had two bodybuilders that I work with. Actually go to Brett Contreras and get programs to train their glutes differently because they did not enough tissue. And I'm like, dude, because I want shredded glutes like you had them. Like I have a huge ass. Yeah. You have to bring the tissue there. And trust me when I say they're fighting me tooth and nail because I've got them doing all sorts of weird, Brett Contreras, glute work in the gym like the bikini girls. I had two guys do that for a year. Insanity. If you aren't, it changed my whole view of how it works. I mean, the amount of tissue that two guys that had nothing going on could put on in one year of just adding that stuff in three days a week mind boggling. So don't be afraid to get outside of your your box. I know a lot of guys and I've been guilty. This will say like, we never used to do hip thrust. We just squatted and we just did this throw the rules out the window. If you don't have glutes and you're already doing all that shit, then you better find something else because in bodybuilding you can also need more glutes if you want to see that kind of detail. And I think that more people should not be afraid to go, okay, I'm going to get weird here and see what happens. I told you guys that that's what I did. But one of my clients local competitor, I preproemly landry bikini competitor. And I was like Amy, you know, my glutes sucked. They just never grew. And I was like, I want to come to the gym with you to train glutes. And we like shot video of it and it like made fun of the whole, they had fun with the whole thing with, you know. But I picked out the things that worked for me and I stuck with them. And I got literally like newbie like gains. And I have like pictures that were like side by side glutes shots, you know, the side profile of the glute. Like of three months difference and it was like lights out difference, you know. So when you're on exercises, where you're doing, hit the rest were, you know, a big one. And with, you know, so here's one that I found really helped me a lot was like preactivation stuff. So I'd start out on the abductor machine. But I kind of, you see the bikini girls that kind of like sit forward on the machine, you know. And you kind of envision the top shelf of the glute. A lot of times when you go to do the abductor, it's like a hinge movement. And it kind of once, if you go real heavy, it kind of goes to your hips. You know what I mean? And like right into that joint. But if you go a little bit lighter and you're kind of like sitting forward, but then also kind of have your chest raised, I can target that like upper shelf of the glute. And just that mine muscle connection to that alone was a start. So just doing stuff like that. And then one legid glute bridges off of a bench. Those three things were like the main three that I stuck with. She had me do some crazy stuff that was like way out there that I was like, yeah, I'm not going to stick with these. But those three I could do. And also to side note, if you guys hadn't heard me tell the story before anybody listening, it also fixed my low back issues because it turned out my glutes weren't turning on. So everything when I was doing barbell row stuff like that, my low back was just bracing is hard as it could. More than it could until it couldn't and then I throw my back out. You know, so strengthening the glutes helped to support my bent over movements. Huge. Yeah. Ballad. Yeah. Interesting. Real quick. No one. Nothing ever made my glutes more sore than heavy Bulgarian split squats. Oh. I don't know that that leg you're standing on. Yeah. That glutes has to stabilize too because you only on one leg. I just man it gets get so pumped. Yeah. Real quick one from Lucas says, would you rather eat two burgers or one burger in one fry? Great question. Where are we eating these? Yeah. Where are you? Where are you? Fry's matter. The fries are either. That's true. Yes. Or a ban. Yeah. There's plenty of places that's too burgers for me because they're fries suck. But I mean, if you're taking me somewhere that has like a quality fry, burger and fry. Best fry all time McDonald's. You like a shoe strain kind of a thinner. There's just wind and correctly. They got to be like hot, hot. Then they are amazing. I'll challenge you. I'll challenge you in that. I'll say Arby's curly fries. Oh, yes. Great choice. But I think the make-out is fried straight. Sure. Yeah. I forget about curly fries when I'm in this argument and then I am eating. And then there's also like for me, I love the I love a good kind of a fatter skin still on fry. Like the wedge. Yeah. You know like a little fatter like well, no like the five guys once. Oh yeah. Normal fries, but they still have the skin on them, but they're not the shoe lace ones. Yeah. But I like a five guys fry that giant bag of fries that you get. Were you? You know, I went somewhere recently where they instead of salt that you seasoned salt on them. And it was amazing. This goes like, oh, next level. If you're at the restaurant, will you guys upgrade to sweet potato fries ever? You ever do that? No, because Emily gets the sweet potato fries. So I get the normal fries and then I finish her fries when I get both types. Okay. Good call. Yeah. Yeah. It all works itself out for me. Yeah. Matt. Oh, I like this. And the type of life where I get both fries. Yeah. Why choose? Both fries can a guy. Yeah. I'm a two fries type of guy. My woman lets me have both kinds. Yeah. She's my woman shares with me if you know what I'm saying. I'm not allowed to reach across the table. Yeah. What else you got? I'm looking here. I'm looking at my book and um, do you see we'll be at the Clash of Charleston in October? Probably not. Okay. I don't leave my house very often. Would you ever own? I'm leaving my house tomorrow to go shoot two episodes of Mutant on a mission. Oh, we go. He doesn't know. Yeah, that's come up with something. No, I'm going to. I'm flying to. I'm going to two great gyms. Why? I haven't been there yet. It might be shit holes. But they seem like great guys, great gyms. And I've been invited by the owners, which you know, I like to be invited. There's a lot of gyms that they'll message me and go, why haven't you come to my gym? Yeah. You never, I go. We've never invited me and you've never met a dream before. But hello. But these guys, both these gyms went out of their way. They came to see me at the booth. They've chatted with me. They watched a show. Their fans of the show. And I'm excited to go see the guys at prodigy gym in Denver. Nice. Fort Collins, which will be cool because I've done arm brist gym in Denver. And then I've never been back to Denver for anything. So I'd love to go back. It's up in Fort Collins. And so I'll prodigy gym. And it looks like a great set up they got. And then I'm going to Indianapolis. Never been to Indie before. Oh, nice. And I'm going to see Nathan Eppler. Oh, okay. Cool. And muscle factory. Brightons. Right on. Yeah. So Nathan Eppler message me and they came and saw me at the booth and he was like, man, I love your show. You know, he's a gym owning pro bodybuilder. So I got something in common with Nathan trying to run a business and make a good gym for everybody. So I'm excited to go there. I've never been to Indianapolis before. Yeah. And so I'm excited. And I needed to catch two episodes of the show. So when I sat down to start lining up flights, such a perfect trip, Denver is easy to get to lots of flights to Indie. Yeah. It's nice. It worked out really good. I have clients that have trained at that gym. In fact, one of them I think was like trying to set you up with him a while ago. So I don't know if that's what this ended up having. Right. No, that's been ongoing. You know, okay. Most of the gyms I go to now for mutant on a mission, they've been bugging me at this point. I'm like five years back up. Yeah. So like the gyms I'm going to now are people like that came to see me in 2019 to invite me. Yeah, because it's you know, I do eight to 10 episodes a season and I've been invited by like a hundred gyms. So what are you going to do? You know, how about this question, guys? So competing against competing against other competitors. When was it time when you were pumping up and you were just like, well, I lost. I remember I remember going to the North Americans and being like sort of having the mindset like, well, I didn't win the Canada's this year because it was always like two weeks after. Yeah. But I'm going to go to North Americans and make the biggest impact I can. You never know what will happen. Right? Right. Positive like it's going to be the best I can. We'll go see what happens. Sometimes you guys come home with wins. Never know what's going to happen. Right? Right. I'm always in the kind of top group. I always get looked at. Let's go see. And then a team takes a shirt off backstage. The key Williams. And you're like, yeah, like, I don't need to come to this show. Like, it's just really an expense for me to have fun at a show. Like, it's me competing for fun. And I don't really need to be here. That was the year that second place was Michael Lockett. Yeah. So yeah. And you're like, I put all this effort in and I took all this gear and put my body through all this fucking brutal torture for two more weeks. For two more weeks after the show I just did. And then I'd send in there looking at a team and they're like, what am I going what am I doing? Why am I here? This ridiculous. You know, I'm going to keep on easily wins. Like, yeah. Easily. Like, you know, as easy as any regional show you've ever seen in your life. Yeah. We're somehow win. That's so easy when that show. Like, you know, take everyone back stage is like, oh, yeah, a keen. Yeah. So yeah, that that'd be the last time that happened to me. But yeah. I remember, I mean, I always knew at those levels that chances are there would be someone. But 20, 10 USA's, I didn't make it to weigh in because I saw Jason Hus picture six weeks out. And I was like, all right. Well, that's the overall winner. Yeah. Oh, I guess we'll shoot for second. Like, I mean, you knew he, anybody who knows that era, as soon as he released those photos, you're like, he was not. He was not. This is done. So but I have so many great like backstage stories. Actually, at the at that show, I think you're talking about 2013 around, right? Yeah. Yeah. So I was talking to him, um, lock it and someone else I can't remember. We were all just talking waiting to go out and this kid walks over his eyes are enormous. And he goes, hey, and we turn away with something and he goes, what do you guys do? Like, he had won some small show and just showed up to North Americans and his whole life changed backstage. He's like, oh, it's funny because my friend Daniel, he's won the past week about two years ago. He told me the first time he went to New York to North Americans, he goes, this is where bodybuilding dreams go to die. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't even let's go there. I just went to a good state level show. There was a Titan classic and I knew I was like, okay, so I'm a state level guy. And why don't I, I don't have a schedule, I can do whatever shows I want, why don't I pick one out of state? I was like, why don't I pick one in Southern California? Because then I can go to like, train it gold and stuff like that. So that's what I did. And I did the 2017 Titan classic. And I remember like it was kind of, it was cool because it was like it was, it was, it was, it was, it was when a tamer shows. So I met him there. Yeah. Great. And I remember like, I was supposed to bring up my registration. Instead, I had, I pulled like the wrong thing out of my bag. I had like my flight information and I handed it to him. You know, like, in front of a room full of people that were all sitting down. He was like, is there anybody if I don't have their registration? I was like, oh, yeah, me, I'm going to reach in my backpack and walk in and be like, no, this was your flight information, son. So that was fun. But good, that same room, everybody, you know, gets ready to weigh in then at the end of that. And I can't remember his name for the life of me right now. But he put it this way after that show, he went to Nationals in one. He worked with me, Loves. And now he competes in the 2012, like legit instantly was a two, 12 competitor. But he was the guy who peeled down in front of me to get on the scale. And he was in my class as a late, heavyweight. I didn't, he didn't have to peel down. I just saw his calves. And then I saw his, I had odds. And I was like, oh, my, and then I saw his back. And I was like, this dude is legit a pro already, you know? Yeah. He's winning the whole thing. My, the guy who used to own I for Steve Nelson, he had that same thing. He was doing the, um, uh, with downstairs, the border states. And the day. And he was he'd once some shows. So he's like, you know, he's going to win. And he's like, you know, he was peeled everything was on point. And he said at weigh in, he sees the sky and he peels down. And he's like, who the fuck is that? And he's just nuts. And, uh, he's like, you know, he starts to ask him like, where he's from. He's like, oh, I'm not from the States. I just came in, they invited me to come do this show. And he's like, oh, lovely. And it's James. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Yeah. So when Dennis James flies over from another country to kick the shit out of his. Yeah. A rough day at the office. He's like, yeah. And then you know, it's bad when it weigh in, they're like pushing him to go do the, the national six. Do national this year. Right. You know, like this show hasn't even happened yet. They're like, anyways, this is over. Let's move on to nationals. Yeah. I think that guy has that though. You know, those moments, I remember Chris Cook told me that he did nationals the first time. And he had one like the anchorage. And he smoked everybody. So he went down to nationals. And he was running late, for way or not for way, but to get on stage. And he runs back to the back. And he sees all these guys lined up. And he goes, oh my god, when did the heavies go? In the chaos, what do you mean they haven't went? Edios, why are you all lined up? The guy goes, we're middle weights. And he goes, that's what I knew. I spent $2,000 to watch about he was like, show. Yeah. He thought he was talking to super heavy weights. And they were middle weights. And he was like, oh shit. That's wild. So it was, um, Remi Burmiga, who does a lot of the shows around here and told me his story. I mentioned it to you guys a long time ago. And I believe it was Jim Quinn, who was weighing in front of him. And it was the Remi said it was the year. He was like, I went all out. Like I really pushed this year. I put on a lot more weight. And I knew like I'm coming in the heaviest I'd ever been. And he was just he was just like over the heavy weights. You know, he's just like, standard heavy weight. I mean, I don't know what he was. Two 20 or something like that. And anyway, he says then then Quinn gets out, gets on the scale in front of him. And he's like 60 pounds heavier than Remi is. And he turns around. It looks at Remi. But both of his hands and his shoulders is go bigger, go home, right? Remi. I'm really going to do it this time. I put all my heart into it. You know, push this heavy as I could get. That rolls in it 280. Jim Quinn. Was either Jim Quinn or Mike Quinn? I can't remember which one it was. I couldn't be neither one of them. Right. Yeah. That's exactly what both of them would have done. Yeah. I also love that you turned around and gave that to him. I think he's fantastic. Yeah. Go home. Go home. Go bigger. Go home, Remi. Yeah. Yeah. I've told this. I've told this story before, but one of my favorite, like, sort of a guy coming in and winning a show was my second show. And I went there thinking I was big. I got one of my first shows. I went to my second show. I was like, ah, here we go. You know, I'm big. I weighed in at 250, right? Should have weighed in at 235, but we didn't at 250, thinking I was big. And there was this guy at the weigh-ins who had this giant beard and a big ponytail and he like looked really rough. Like he hadn't, like his beard wasn't trimmed. It was like unshaven, homeless like, yeah, right, full out. And he looked small. He wasn't big. And they called heavy weights and he stood up and I was like, he barely looks like he weighs 200 pounds. And there was me and this other big dude and this other guy that was like 230 and like a couple of 250 pounders means that a big dude. We all stand up for heavy weights. And this before there was a super. And so we all go and get in line and we start weighing in and then that dude's right in front of me. And he strips down and he's a skinless, like just this anatomy chart of striations, it steps on. He steps on the scale, standing relax, glutes are completely ripple chips. He threw skin. Yeah. I'm like, oh, I've lost the shows guys. Give me a distraction. So pretty. And then he weighs in at like 202. Yeah. Barely 200 pounds. And then the next day, I go back to my hotel and I'm like, God, that guy was so ripped. Maybe I can beat everyone but him. And then the next day we're back backstage getting ready, like heavy weights, you know, and he shows up and he's shaved his face. Okay. Over over the course of the night. Oh, yeah, and his hair was long. He had this long. That's where he had long like cone in here. And he showed up the next day. And it was pulled back tight in a little top not. Yeah. And then he had his face shaved totally clean. And it was like like a dead skeleton. And he rolls in and starts posing backstage to like get going. And just try to sip horseshoe. Yeah. And then afterwards I said, what do I got to do to get his ripped? Did you? And he goes, oh, that's my coach. And he introduced me to his coach Brian. And then I won the next year. Ah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I used that coach. And I won the next year. Yeah. Nice. Just that shock, you know, and CM shaved face. And next day and realized his face was like a skeleton, like a dead person. I was like, oh, God. Yeah. And even shaving the day before you would have known. Yeah, it was hidden. He said, it'd be beard, right? Yeah. And then you see the face and X-Day. And they're like, oh, I would have known if I would have just, you know, I could have taken that loss earlier. No. Yeah. A lot of times at the state level shows, especially it's not the biggest guy that you have to worry about. And I learned that shows up like that. I remember seeing guys that were just like massive and close. And I'm like, oh my God, that guy's three times my size. And you get on stage with him. And you didn't ever have to worry about him. He just wasn't in shape. You know, it's the little guys, you know, that and you learn that. It's interesting when you work with somebody who's never competed before. And they're like, well, I want to come in as big as possible. And I'm like, no, no, you have what you have. You want to come in as lean as possible. You want to freak people out with how lean you are. Because you're not going to get any bigger between now and the show. I mean, you're like, grow a little bit. Yeah, you grow into the show. But it's not like a levrony thing. You need to get absolutely lights out peeled, you know. And they learn that though. Because then you go to the show and then you realize, like, oh, it wasn't the biggest guys who won. It was the best guys. The leanest guys, you know. Yeah. Definitely. That's good time. No. Absolutely. Good eye openers. I think that was a good place to to call it was around the story. What do you guys think? That was a long period. This gives all of it. Yeah. You know, I feel like we're given the people something. Some some value. We hit six convertiters. I don't want to hear this. That was phenomenal. We have to see with his terrible crappy comment, sensal media. Exactly. You got a lot of editing to do. So you should probably start now. Oh, we said, film my things that did not like we were not intentionally saying like, you know, all that. But there was like 10 times today. I might just leave it as a test. You know, okay, we'd we'd draw a drop the M word. I was like, oh, no. Yeah. Yeah. He didn't even mean it in that way. Either. Yeah. Find a way. I find a way. Okay. Quick before we go, I got to say to Scott, we are enjoying Fargo. Oh, we are we are however in season four, which is the 1950s Chris Rock season. Oh, yeah. And it's definitely a little slower moving. This season has been like weird, a little weird. Like there's a lot going on with these Italians and the black guys. Yeah. It's right. Yeah. Yeah. There really is. And but I know there's a payoff. And I know that season five is supposed to be I'm apparently amazing with John Hamm. Season five is the only season that you could watch that doesn't tie in. It's from what I understand. It doesn't have any tie-ins with the the various ones. But it has the same feel the same vibe, the same types of people. Now that you know that area of the world and the types of people that exist in it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was a form you know, it was to what you're watching. And now are they done the show or is there a season six coming? I heard there might be, but I mean, it's been done done. So also have you seen the brothers that train at your gym since we talked about it or on the show? Yeah, remember I, Marito, did I? Yeah. Yeah. What did you say? Yeah, the two brothers. Yeah, but did you see them since you saw? Yeah. No, I haven't seen them yet. You train in the morning. And I haven't seen them yet. But today's a holiday. Yeah. And the gyms always have real mix up on the holiday. Okay. Okay. When's training in weird hours and I'm going in right after this. So if I see them, yeah, Brad and Todd, if you see them tell them that I'm a huge fan and act. I'm going to ask, could you get a picture with them for me? I'm going to try to get a picture of them in their outfits. Sorry for that for you. I'm going to see if I can get one. Yeah. That would be epic. Yeah. I'm going to see if they have one. You don't even know. That show goes down in history as one of my favorite TV shows ever. It really goes. Yeah. We just saw the episode where the, you know, the lunatic Italian brother. Oh, yeah. Remember when he's in that bar with that kid in that bartender and he gets a little frustrated? Not specifically. No, he does a little on a living. He's a little bit on a living. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's like so he's such a short loop. You can. He's in. He's in. He's in. Yeah. And like just complete psychopath. And you're like, Oh, my Jesus, you can't take this guy anywhere. Yeah. So in his dynamic with the other brother, who's actually running things. Jason. Yeah. Yeah. What's his name? So I can't. Yeah. Silver. Yeah. He's been Jason Schwarzenegger. Jason Schwarzenegger. Yeah. He's great as that brother. Yeah. Yeah. He was in another show board to death. I think. Was that it? No, not board to death. Well, he's also in all those pal, those who's a guy that made like Desjarling Limited and the Budapest Hotel and. Oh, yeah. Right. City. He's a great. He's a great. Very. He's like all of your guys movies. The guy that has a weird color palettes. Is that Paul. No, not Paul Thomas Anderson. I can't. One of those directors. Yes. Not West Anderson. West Anderson. Yes. He's been in all the West Anderson movies. Yeah. I used to go to in art school. Used to go to those films in like the Ann Arbor Art Theatre's and stuff. You know. Oh, yeah. Yeah. So Dusty. We're enjoying Fargo. There you go. I might have to. I might have to dip into that because that's been good. We're watching Mind Hunter. Oh, that's supposed to be awesome. Dusty. That was also one of my favorite shows. Yeah. Yeah. It's like a slow bread. Yeah. But it is like so good. There's a lot of people that really want them to do that show continue to do that show. I've heard that. They've tried to buy it and sell it and keep it going. And we watched that. And then we went to true detective right after season one, which was a nice kind of direction to go. The Dusty, the the 70s in that. Like the the the the vibe you get from like when they're in like the bar scenes or just the cars they're driving. I love that. I get exactly what I'm smoking on the airplane. I'm like right about that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. My Hunter was so good. That's a great. If you got to watch that Ron, that's it's definitely up your alley in realizing that that all the things that are normal to us that we know about criminals and stuff that someone had to come up with that. Yeah. For eight the terms serial on a line. Right. Because that shows kind of back when this is all like a like a new thing. Yeah. They were the first pro. They were the well-being pro. Yeah. So pro-file is yeah. It's fantastic. I'm like we finished my blend by the way. Great. Which was incredible. Yeah. That was a good show. That was a good. And I feel like they set us up for a really featured installments. You know what we did. That Harry character is he's like the John Wick of England. Kind of. Well, he's going to have to. He's going to have to. He's going to have to contend with her that. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. After you're whatever. His name is. Yeah. You're not going to tell me to go fuck myself. Are you? And he's like, man. Yeah. That he did. Yeah. Crazy. We'll see how that goes. You know how well-sealed that goes. She's got some power. She's a very woman. Is it cat McHellister? Yeah. Cat McHellister. Yeah. She's a great actress too. Everything. She's in. She's badass. The way they played that. Yeah. She was in, wow. Oh, is arc. Remember? Oh. Yeah. Yeah. She was the lawyer. Yeah. That's right, man. Yeah. The way they played her up too. They're like, how did you get that? Bill, Cat McHellister. Well, like, well, how did you get cat McHellister favor? No. You don't want to. And that's like you don't even know who she is for like seven episodes. Yeah. You know, just the night is still like fear and people. Yeah. Like if these guys are nasty, if Richie is nasty, this guy is nasty. And Cat McHellister's a level up from that. He's a level up from the guy with the chainsaw. Yeah. Exactly. She can make a phone call and make him stop. Yeah. She can make, does that guy listen to her? Yeah. Yeah. Great stuff. Okay. Enjoy your TV, everybody. Yes. We're, we're happy to hear the Tampa Wake Good Dallas coming up next. Yes. What about Jack Ryan? Yeah. We just started watching that. Yeah. We just always hit like the TV show. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. We thought that maybe I was like, Ron and Dusty mentioned that. I've seen that. Yeah. It's like, yeah, it's supposed to be solid. It's, it's got Jim from the office in it. Doesn't it? That's all we can see is Jim. You know, that's all. That's all we can see. Yeah. That guy has a great story. You know, he, he moved away to New York to become an actor, model, whatever. And he decided, like, everyone thought it was a terrible idea. And he decided he was going to stop. So he called his mom and said, hey, I'm going to come home. You know, it's just not working out in his mom's like, I think he should wait. Think she'd give it a couple more months. And then he landed the office. Oh, wow. Like, literally, he was ready to pack it up in his mom's like, not yet. And then I think he said, like, within two weeks, he got the office. Wow. There's a lot of examples of that. Like close calls. Yeah. Like I love this story about how Rogan gave up his LA apartment and was going to go back to Boston. Because he was on like a show. Like, I canceled. Like he did a pilot. I can't. Oh, yeah. Then, you know, the stand-up was going okay. But nothing had really gone crazy. And he was going to come back. And then he literally got rid of his apartment. So he didn't. So he was like, had to move out. And then he got news radio. Who? Which was that sitcom that went five years and then all of a sudden. And then, you know, fear factor. And then all of a sudden, he said, oh my god, I made it. You know. Yeah. Then we can be his own thing, you know. After that. Don't quit everybody. It's a lesson. Do one more North Americans. You can win. Even if you got 12 last year. Don't quit. Yeah. Okay. Thanks guys. Remember everybody like share. Subscribe, comment and bring them down. Yes. And remember, I am you in dot com. Go to iamutin.com. Get your ISO surge. Get your, oh, your hardcore ISO. I guess get your all in. Get your mind FK and everyone should get on the gear. Remember, hit the big greens. Don't forget. Yeah. And hit the big greens at night before bed. They are great. Chocolate flavored green. Oh, that sounds good. Let's see. I remember. I've consistently used an entire career as soon as Jan and no chocolate. I just throw it right in my shake. Okay. I didn't know it's there. I remember I asked Clarita goes, it's really good. It tastes awesome. And I go, what's it tastes like? And it goes, it tastes like chocolate. You who. Oh, I was like, oh, I don't know what you who is, but I had to look it up. Take a yoga drink. Well, now you know what you who tastes like. Because you have big greens. So yes. And the chocolate you're right, Dusty. I've never been a greens guy. But the chocolate greens can go in my chocolate shake. And now it's not another drink. I have to choke down. Just one delicious beverage. Okay. Okay. Thanks everybody. Remember, it's just bodybuilding.