I had a couple conversations with some guys that were like, dude, you started contest coverage and you talked about the fifth place guy and then you talked about the fourth place guy and then dusty cracked a joke and then Scott laughed and then he was over the joke and then you talked about a movie. It sounds about right. It sounds like us. And I was third and you didn't. I was waiting. I was better than those guys and you didn't talk about it. I was better than those guys. Talked about the two guys I beat. That's how good you were. That you beat those two that we talked about. So I think it's important we give it disclaimer. Yeah. We are not the optimal source of contest coverage. I'm your host Bigron Park, though. That dusty handsha and our producer Scott McNally and remember like share, subscribe, comment and bring the bell. And we got to remind everybody the show sponsored by Mutant. They support the show and take care of Dusty and me and Scott for all the hard work that Scott does. And remember you can always go on IM Mutant.com and use your code Bigron 20 or Dusty. There you go. Either one of those will work. Get you a little bit of a deal. Makes us look like we're valuable to the company. Yada, yada, yada. Right. Okay. I've been I've been sending Ron. So I've been following enough bike tricks flat landers that they come up now in my suggestion. Oh no. Whatever the other next. The slots. Hot slots. Yeah. So flat landers. So that's random dude and is underwear flat landers. That's what I got in there. And so I send them over to Ron. But now he's to the point in that industry. He knows them. Oh, that's my boy. So when so. I'm like, oh, I'm thinking I'm finding something. I was like, look at this. Right. Yeah. I filmed that. I was there that day. No, he sent me a clip and I'm like, oh, that's my buddy Frank from Germany. Yeah, yeah. I had steak with him when I was at Fibo. You know. But I mean, this guy was doing you'll understand this because you don't know what he likes. Yeah. And I don't know. Bikes. He was literally doing his tricks hard enough and fast enough that you could see his tire tracks staying on the ground. The were circles of black everywhere. You're kidding. As he was doing it. I was, I'm going to tracks. I didn't even think that was a thing. I didn't know that was a thing. Yeah, they spin. So they spin so tight that like, they wear it. They go through tires and like, they'll put new tires on every couple of months because they just come off on the pavement. You know, because they're spinning and such tight circles now that it just rips the tires apart. They're not rolling straight lines like the used to, you know. It's like everything's crazy. So yeah, I was impressed by that. So we got to talk. We got to talk about, I just got back from Dallas. And I got to say, my client, my carousin, big shout out to my client, my carousin. He has iron a silent gym of Texas on Instagram. Oh, iron a silent gym of Texas. Huge facility. I'd love to get out there. Give me a whole bunch of shirts. This is just one of them. Loanstar lifters. And give me a stack like this high. And then give me another stack for dusty. Nice. So I'll be bringing you a bunch of cool T shirts. They're all the real nice next level, like the next level ones that, you know what I mean? That we like bring your bunch. Yeah, that's all. And I didn't take it too personally, but there's like mine. And then Dustys were one ex larger. He doesn't taller than you. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's it. So yeah, I've been grads. And I got to congratulate also my client, Mike, on a great show. He came home with three medals. He got a first and two seconds in his three categories. And there's a lot of fun. Oh, yeah. It was kind of crazy because I've been working with him for like a year. It seems. Right. I don't know. I lose track a how much time. And then when, you know, Steven did a shack was like, oh, I'm going to do Tampa and Dallas. I was like, okay. And then it wasn't until like, I don't know, it was like a month out. I realized Mike show was the same show. Oh, my God. Because I didn't really think it was a pro am. I just saw it was like Texas pro and then Mike was doing some amateur show. Like yeah, because, you know, there's so many shows in Texas. It was like 30 a year. And I realized the same show. So it was awesome. So I got to like, I texted him. I'm like, hey, I'm going to be there. You know, he kind of is cool. So I got to meet him and everything. And that pro show man was awesome. What did you guys think from where you were? Well, I had a great seat in my couch and I had a great view of Instagram. Now, I thought it was phenomenal. I felt like the level of competition in the open was absurd. I mean, absolutely absurd and good to see some freaks coming out. I mean, I'm looking at the winner. I don't know what his real name is, but Andrew Jack, what everyone's talking to saying his name is. But he, I mean, he's a threat for the top six of the Olympia. He looks pretty good. He wasn't all the way dialed in. And I'm thinking, holy shit. I mean, if he does it all the way down, he's going to piss on some parades for sure. Yeah. What do you think Scott? I didn't watch a lot of it. I saw some pictures. I did see Andrew Jack. And then just from a personal perspective, I got to see Jordan Janowitz make his pro debut, which was really cool. I knew Jordan, like since before he, like, put it this way before, I knew him since I was bigger than he was. Like we were, I was working for the, the, I say the pop company from Detroit, Michigan here, we say pop. I think you guys say that too, right? Right. Yeah. Pop. Yeah. Yeah. So I worked for the pop company. He worked for this grocery store. And I remember coming in there and I was like, hey, your body builder, aren't you? And he was like, hey, your body builder aren't you? So we kind of had this bond. But at the time, I think he was doing the Michigan natural. And then he ended up cleaning up there and he moved on. And he just kept getting bigger and bigger. And the coolest thing, and I know you guys can relate to this, being, you know, body builders who really appreciated like the Ronnie, a branch here. He loved Branch Warren, like coming up, you would see him training in the gym. Jordan was always strong. But he was like throwing weights around like branch, making noise like Branch, him and his training partner. You would think they were like emulating them, right? And that was like his thing. And now I'm hearing people say like, oh, he's like a modern day branch Warren with that conditioning, you know? So there's there. But so he's done the ranch. He got to train at Metro Flex. And I saw his wife made this post. That they were, he said, she said that we were walking out of the gym and the owner came running out after us, Brian Doffson. So that he could, he could pray with Jordan about the contest. And I'm telling you, like, even if you're not a religious person, if you're like a branch Warren fan to have, like basically that's like having like a, the Pope, his own personal preacher. His own, the Pope, basically, like praying with him for the show. So I can only imagine how he felt getting to do that kind of stuff. So just like a personal note, I was really pumped to see that come together. And he tried for a long time. Like he was a guy that you almost started thinking like, yeah, you might not, you might not ever get that pro card. He's been so close. So many times. And now look at him. So that was very satisfying to me. Well, I walked up to Jordan backstage and introduced myself said, man, you know, I fall in Instagram. I think you're free. Like it's good to see you here. And he goes, oh, I really appreciate that Ron. I love the show. And that's cool. And I said, well, shit, we have to get him on the show now. Right now. So, you know, that would definitely be awesome. But I have so much to say about the Texas pro. I don't know if you guys even want to hear it all. Or if it even belongs in the show. Like I, the Texas law doesn't talk about bodybuilding. I thought we were trying to limit that. I know. I know. You know what? I just, I'm so fucking fucking just this one. I, I was reminded by, by being there at the show. I mean, I am every time. I am, I'm always like this. But it was just like really cool. I, I'm still a huge fan of bodybuilding. And it's why I still love to be at the events and be around everybody. And I'm in like an ultra happy, super positive mood the entire time I'm at the show. And just a really great place to be and all the people to be around. And the level was really crazy. The depth was crazy. It was, it was definitely better than the Tampa show for depth in all the categories. I had was helping jaws again for classic. So, John Lee, you guys follow jaws. He hopped into classic. And that was crazy. The top 10 in the, while the whole classic class was great. Like even the top, like when they just called the top 10 and you know, they have the guys that don't make the top 10 come out and do their like, like a quick pose and leave. Yeah. They're like completely striated. Head to toe. Like all the guys that didn't make the top 10 are coming out and they're like fucking dry and shredded. That's cool. Maybe it's weren't structurally, you know, classic enough or whatever. But like great bodybuilders. And then the guys are actually in the top 10, come out and do their posing routines. And I'm just like shit. Like every one of them had an awesome routine and they were conditioned and flow and just that the level is really high. And John wound up fourth, you know, here he is like 5, 5, 180. And then the guy who's in third is like six feet tall. You know, like it's a crazy class that that classic class is crazy. When you see rough and next to bumstead, it's like man, it's just crazy class to judge. And courage won the class. Right. And, you know, what an amazing physique courage has. And his posing is just off the charts next level. So, you know, seeing that was really motivating. I think for everybody, you know, everybody that that saw the shell that were just, you know, motivated to be a better poser and, you know, motivated to, to bring more because that's clearly what's going on. And that I gotta say that Valentin Petrov from Bulgaria, one of the second. That guy's fucking great. Like it was a great physique. And then I'm trying to find, I don't wanna leave the third place guy out. Yeah, Jorge Luis Guerrero, Gilegos. So he came up from Mexico. Awesome physique. Like, just had that, he had that tall classic guy look with the tiny, like the crazy lines and the flow and everything really nice was in. And the reason I wanna make sure we say the top three, you guys know why. And I had a couple conversations with some guys that were like, dude, you started contest coverage and you talked about the fifth place guy. And then you talked about the fourth place guy and then dusty cracked a joke and then Scott laughed and then he was over the joke. And then you talked about a movie. It sounds about right. That sounds like us. And I was third and you didn't, didn't apprehend the effort. I was waiting. I was better than those guys and you didn't talk about it. I was better than those guys. Talk about the two guys I beat. That's how good you were. So you beat those two that we talked about. So I think it's important we give a disclaimer. Yeah. We are not the optimal source of contest coverage. There's been time. We don't even have the order correct, frankly. Yeah. And I really apologize to all the people that we have literally skipped, like someone joked with me to like, yeah, you gave the results of a show once. And you got right up to who won and then you moved on. And again, someone won. And you didn't even say who won the show. And I just had to laugh. I was like, oh, God, that sounds like us. Yep. And so I sent you guys a message. I was like, I think we have to recognize that there's like, people who really want us to cover their placing and we just can just leave them out. The desert and die. You're just best showing ever. He wins the show. He's got an Olivia qualification. Let's not talk about him. Welcome. I think it's a big deal. I got in start though. He was nuts. I had the laugh. I had the laugh because I was like, oh, maybe that's why that one guy won't talk to me. Because I just don't want to show three times. He says, no, every time. Yeah, you didn't talk about my win. So we do that to people and we apologize. The two 12 was it. The two 12 was I used the word affectionately because the class was so good. It was a fucking mess. Like, you know what I mean? Oh, yeah. Like there were guys in the third call out with shredded glutes. And you're like, huh, that must suck to come in that condition and just not get the call. And there were some guys in the first call out that didn't have striding glutes. So it's not like, you know, I think sometimes coming from the generation I came from, we were so condition based. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, you know, especially at the amateur level, at the amateur level is condition. It's like a conditioning contest. You know what I mean? To move up the levels to conditioning conditioning. But I see what the judges now are structure is a huge thing. There's guys that aren't really in shape, but their structure is fantastic. And they look great in the front double. And that sort of thing. Yeah. And they're landing above a lot of guys in, that's what I thought. I thought some of the guys with structural advantages and not necessarily the best condition. And but then it's confusing because in the very next guy has like shredded glutes and he's one placing behind them. Right. And then the next guy after that is like less ripped, but has beautiful flow. And they're like, huh, this is, this class is just tough. Like it may, it may be wonder if you had a different panel of the judges if there would have been like several spots juggled, you know? Probably. But that was tough. And I want to make sure we'll do, we got to do the top three in the two, 12 for sure. I make sure. We've got the second place, guys, though. Yeah, we'll leave out the second place, guys. So of course, Jordan landed third. Jordan Janowitz was third. Um, he was awesome. Uh, you know, there were arguments, arguments for him to be pushing for the top two spots on his conditioning and his back double bicep. Okay. Those things were just his back double bicep was, um, like the most disgusting back double in the whole show. You know, fact was a weak point for him for a while too. Like he's head to get that back to come up, which is cool to see. He's got a good back now. Yeah. But the conditioning on the back double, like from ankle to neck was like, you know, fibers, just fibers fibers fibers. So you got to hand it to him. And that probably what was what brought him into the top of that group. Um, second place was, oh, Cody drove out. Of course. So Cody, um, who I've known my, you know, his whole bodybuilding life. Um, he came. He was a little bit, I think maybe a little bit fuller than Tampa. Um, he might have been a little sharper in Tampa. I don't know. I wasn't there. I'm just going my pictures. But whatever the lucky brought was great. He's he has a massive structural, um, advantage is over other people, especially from the back. Um, when he does a back double, you think, man, that guys, that kids shoulders are really wide. And his hips are really narrow. That's the first thought that I see. Like a lot of guys have a wide, a lot spread. Right. But when they stand relaxed, they're not that wide. Yeah. But, um, it's like the illusion created by his physique is, um, very, very difficult to deal with. Very difficult to deal with. And he could have easily put him in first. I, um, I was, I was pretty tossed up as to what they were going to do regarding first and second. Um, but, uh, Karath Bajo is I was not how you say his name. Karath Bajo. That's what I'm going to say. But I saw him backstage. I didn't get to talk to him. He was second in Tampa and he came to this show and wanted the shortest guy in the class and it looks like he has a really hard time getting into to 12. So I'd give you an idea. You know, like he's just, he looks like the craziest. He looks like, you know, just deep, mature, grainy, ridiculous muscle quality. Um, and he has good enough shape and structure. You know what I mean? Some of those really short guys, it's hard because, you know, shape and structure is difficult when you're kind of squashed down like that. But the muscle, the muscle mass and quality was just so off the hook. Um, so yeah. And, uh, and, you know, of course, I went there to help did oh and did all moved up a spot. He was eighth in Tampa. He wound up seventh here in, uh, in this show. And, um, you know, still easily like we had people walking up to him after the like dude, like you could have been like, like, like, from, you know, from fourth to seventh eighth was just like rough. You guys were fucking awesome. And, uh, pretty happy, man. You know, what do you do? He came, you know, the best has ever been, you know, 10 pounds heavier than when he turned pro and, uh, really happy with the look. And then another thing, too, like this class was like classic. Like some of the guys, I saw this. I saw a couple guys backstage where I was like, holy shit. That guy's going to be a major problem. But then on stage, you go all the conditions, not quite there enough and they're kind of in the back of the back of the pack. Um, so just beating a lot of those guys is like huge because there's like so much, so much muscle on that stage in the to 12. And, uh, yeah, it was a really positive turnout for for me. I had a great weekend and, you know, um, pretty happy with it all. But men's open. Is that where we're going to talk about? Yes, men's open. The men's open was, let me just find a score sheet here. That that that that that that that that that that that that comment very seriously dusty. Did I did I did not not at all. I didn't give a shit. Um, I'm sorry. I had I can't find the open. I was actually looking at some dog races on my phone. Dog races. Ha ha ha. So that top five. Um, I was lucky. I went to the night show. So I had a backstage pass. Right. On Friday, I would walk out from backstage and I would just walk into like the little VIP section right behind the photographers. And I would just sit down and watch show. And nobody said a word to me. And I did that all day long. Nice. And then on Saturday, like because I thought that's what my pass was good for. Payed 150 bucks. I thought, oh, I get to go sit there. Saturday I come out and I go to sit there and the security stops me and he's like, oh, you need a VIP. And I go, oh, okay, I thought this was it. And he goes, oh, that's backstage pass. Yeah. And I go, oh, I sat here all day yesterday goes, yeah, we got in trouble because we were letting like a bunch of people sit there and you got a VIP. And I was like, oh, no problem. So I went nice sat like, you know, in the normal seats. And they were pretty far back. So you had to kind of watch the screen. And will Whitman, the photographer. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He walks by and he's like, right, and how's it going? And I go, oh, great. And I start talking to Will. He goes, what are you doing? Sitting here? I'm like, oh, I don't have like, I don't really have a ticket. You know, I'm a backstage pass. So sitting here and he goes, no. And then he goes, oh, I don't want to cause any problems. Like, you know, like, I don't want to be a whiny asshole. Everything. Yeah. And he's like, no, no, no, come with me. And he walked me up to the very front and he walked me around. Passed security security doesn't stop Will Whitman. He goes wherever he wants. He walked me past security. The same security that stopped me. I'm with Will. He just, oh, hands off. Walk me right past. He takes me right in behind the photographers and it goes sit right here. And then he goes, uh, he goes, I'll go tell Ben Chow where you're at. Cause Ben and I were kind of hanging out a bit. Yeah. Yeah. And so I got to sit in the, like, second row of VIP for the whole night show or the whole Saturday. Like the whole final. It was nice. So I everything was fucking awesome. And so I really got a great look at the men's open and done me great seats, man. That'd be so cool. They, they could have, uh, mind bogging first off. That was one of the hardest top fives. It could have been juggled a bunch. Yeah. Like, come all and Steve Kouklo and Quintin and Andrew Jacked and Martin Fitzwater. Yeah. Like, he think of five guys that are kind of more different. Yeah. You know, and some of them had, like, the two guys that had the best conditioning would be, you know, Quintin and Kamal, I think, had the most detail. Um, Fitzwater had the craziest combination of having the most shredded glutes and hands in the open, combined with the fullest look. He was so full. He looked like if he ate like half a mouth and you would explode. And then Kouklo was massive fall. Nice. But the condition just wasn't there like the deep cuts. You know, look like he came in a little heavy. Maybe pushing for fullness because from the sounds of it, everyone's saying like every single person I talked to that came from Tampa said the judges told them to get fuller get fuller get fuller. So it's like, I feel like there's pressure on them to be massively full. And maybe there's some conditioning being sacrifice to do that. Um, you know, Kouklo looked great. But he was just he wasn't like a shredded Kouklo. He was like a really full Kouklo. And then come all man, you got to hand it to that dude. You know, to be that 51 years old and have the most detail head to toe front to back of anybody in the top group. Um, and really kind of putting on a clinic as to how to display your physique to its best. You know, every pose, the quarter turns, everything was perfect. Not a single muscle is relaxed in any of his mandatorys where you see like like Andrew Jack, for example, he's so new to bodybuilding that like he's literally making posing mistakes on stage. It's still winning. You know, like at one point, they called back double and he kind of closed up his shoulder blades. You know, where it's like, you know, that that's just a thing that he's like, well, how many back doubles as he hit in this whole life? This probably not at the, you know, he hasn't hit 10,000 of him yet. So it's not right. You know, the posing isn't perfect, which is just scary. Because the thing of the fact that he could perfect his posing and be 20% better. Yeah. Right without even getting better. So that tells you how much potential he has. Um, backstage Andrew Jack is the biggest fucking thickest pecks. He like he's a monster, just a monster backstage. And it's this, the fact that you look across a room and he's the tallest guy Andy appears because of the illusion. He appears to have the smallest waste. Mm. So you're like, oh, fuck, you know, um, who else in that top five Quentin? Well, Quentin is like Mike fanwink was saying Quentin has unlimited potential. I had of them. This is just ridiculous the way he looks on stage. And, you know, the judges are telling them to get your upper body to match your legs, the chest and back thickness, that's all. But even having said that his conditioning was far better than Steve's. And I thought that it was arguable to put him ahead of Steve because, you know, condition can be rewarded like that, you know, um, but that was like, you know, super tight, super tight. And then Martin Fitzwater was like the shock. You know, I know he, what was he fifth last year or something like that, but just the improvements he brought, it was like, god damn branching him and being killing it in the gym for a year. Because that's like all it looked like when Fitzwater was posing it, just look like, oh, fuck, you train hard. Yeah. This is the muscle fullness strong kid, the muscle fullness. And like I said, his physique doesn't have all the detail yet. You know what I mean? Like standing relaxed, he doesn't appear shredded. Yeah. But then when he like puts his leg forward and locks it out, his quads completely strided. I'm like, oh, god, you know, and like the pecks look like they're just kind of full and hanging. But then when he hits the most muscular, they strike and just rip. So he'll get more and more quality and he'll get that harder dancer look where he's stand relaxed and look harder. You know, that'll come with time. But you know the kids in shape, because the hams and glutes are like the most shredded of anyone in the open. So it was I did not envy the judges. I talked to a fetal for a while on the phone yesterday when I was driving back from the airport. And we were like talking about the placings and stuff. And it was kind of one of those things were like, I gave a fetal my opinion. And he's probably going to repeat it on heavy muscle and give me a gain trouble. And then and then and then like two hours after I gave a fetal my opinion, I was like, that's kind of flip floppy. Huh. You know, it was one of those things. I don't know. It was a great show man. Those guys were awesome. And the best part, just I don't know, well, not the best part. The fun of the funniest parts was after the show, you know, the MC asked Andrew Jack, you know. You've had a little bit of, you know, a little bit of, you know, they want to hype it up, right? He's a little bit of hype with blessing, you know, any words for blessing. And Andrew Jack said, right on the microphone, he goes, yeah, stay the fuck home. No, crowd was like, whoa, you know, it was all like he was laughing, but he said, yeah, stay the fuck home and he kind of laughed. So they totally know what they're doing. They want to do that's funny. We're selling tickets. Smart. Oh, yeah. I got you that I've worked with Joshua Stokely. He met you while you're there, Ron. And he had said to me, oh, yeah, I did. He came up to me and said that he worked with you. I met him outside. Yeah. He messaged me. And he was like, yeah, you know, I saw Ron there and I saw all the other pros and stuff. And they're just like, you know, talking to everybody and talking to each other. Or they're talking to each other, keeping them themselves. And Ron's just out there, just watching amateur bodybuilding. And he's just, I can't remember his words, but he's like, he was just having so much fun. You can tell that guy just loves this sport. I was like, yeah, that sounds like the Ron we know. I was yelling for the end. I was yelling for the amateur. Because it didn't even know. I love that. I mean, that's so cool. Yeah. And also, too, I was kind of in a mood when I was watching the first day. I was kind of in a mood because, you know, I had two guys that had a classic pro when a two, 12 pro. And of course, classics up first, you know. So I go out there. Everybody's asleep. All right, whole crowd to sleep. It's not like 9.30 in the morning, you know. And I flew all the way from Vancouver to cheer these guys on. Yeah. So, you know, jaws walk out and I just yell, Jaws, Lats, Fuck it go, Jaws, Second I'm a screaming. And no one else is making a single word. So I just look like this insane idiot. It's okay. In the tent throw, who's screaming, you know. And then they go, you know, they're doing the call out. And it's like first call out. So the tension is high, right? Right. And they're moving guys around and jaws gets moved to middle closer to the middle. And they call front double bicep and I yell, front double jaws, Lats go. Right. I'm just screaming. And these guys beside me were kind of laughing. Like they were chuckling. But I just kept thinking like, this is Texas. Come on. Yeah. Like some fucking noise. Like I remember Johnny Jackson show a couple years ago. I MCed it and the crowd is nuts. And I think people just, maybe they're not used to going to shows yet. I don't know, but there is a lot of quietness out there. And it took a while to get people going. You know, I'm with you. So I think the best compliment I ever got was from Sarah Bruce, from the Rough Rugged and Raw podcast. We were watching the Arnold together one year. And she was like, most people at bodybuilding show us nowadays, they just sit there quietly and they look like half on impressed. She was like, but you go with Scott and VJ. And it's like you're watching like a wrestling match or pro football. Because we're just like, no, I had it. You know what I mean? It's like, that's the way it should be. I feel like those are the good times, man. That's the way that the audience should be. Yeah, I was screaming. You know, if I knew anyone in the line-ups I was yelling, I yelled for Jordan. Yeah. I yelled for Ditto. Like, fuck, come on, Ditto. That's go, give on the most muscular. Give it to him. You know, I'm just saying screaming. It was fun. I used to love that about like the New York pro. Is the crowd. I felt like the crowd got like 50% decision on who won. Right. Why is looking back? He's like, if I don't go with what they're saying, yeah, they're going to tear the roof off this fucking floor. Way to the door. They're making you remember. I mean, I mean, obviously, remember the moment, but like when Marcus Rul came out and it sounded like, oh yeah, it was going to come off the place. Like they lost their minds immediately and you're like, yeah, that's bodybuilding. And he's feeling it. So he's given it back to him. Yeah. So you got that like that that that that that exchange of energy that when it's quiet, you're like, it's like when the guys are trying to get the credit like, come on, the crowd's like, no, no. Yeah. Yeah. That's what's. Yeah. Yeah. That's funny. And also, too, I got to give a show out. I want to make sure I get his full name. I'm just going second. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just going. I'm just going. I'm just going. I'm just going. So I got to give a show to Dominic. Zemenza from Lake Stevens, Washington. I sure hope I got the right Dominic. Yeah, that's him. He came up to me. He's like, hey, Ron, I watch a show. He's like, big fan of the show. And then he comes out in the classic division. He's fucking shredded. Nice. Crazy condition. And I was like, oh, man, it's fucking, what are the real wake-ups, man? Was the number of people that told me they watch a show? Like, it was awesome. And like, when courage, I had never met courage. I'm just walking through the backstage and courage steps out of his group. Like, he's in a circle. Yeah. And he, each step's around the group to intercept me. And he goes, Ron, because I love the show. And I'm like, what? That's cool. They like him. You watch our show. And you go, yeah, you guys help me through cardio, man. Oh, yeah. Because you guys don't know how many people you help through cardio. And I was just like, this is crazy. Like, I expect, you know, gym rats to watch our show. And, you know, people at love bodybuilding. But when you think like the actual champions that win the show is are getting through cardio listening to us, talk about nonsense. Just, it's fucking awesome. Yeah. So like that stuff was like the highlight of, you know, the highlight was just like, man, like it's crazy. Number of people that, you know, like I was getting breakfast. And I cracked a joke about something wrong with the buffet set up. And you know, I was like, I'm not impressed with the location of the maple syrup compared to the pancakes. They should be adjacent to one another. Of course. And the guy, the guy, you know, some guy next to me says, like, ho, Ron. Yeah. Just stop eating your pizza with a fork and knife. Exactly. Is that he totally knows who I am and what I'm thinking. When I'm looking at this buffet set up. This incorrect buffet set up. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't know. Just a lot of positive stuff like that. So I had a great weekend. Everyone was happy. You know, of course you want the people you helped to show up looking great. And I, you know, that was accomplished. And, you know, what a great show. You know, what a great show. And congrats to everybody. There's a lot of argument for you know, like there wasn't argument for fits water to win. There was legit. Yeah. Based on being like complete. Do you know what I mean? Because Andrew Jack, there was some things he didn't do. You know what I mean? But, but for the most part, it was an overwhelming kind of a freak show win. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? Especially because it went with the show. Through the pictures. That's, I'm glad you say that. Yeah. That's the stuff people don't realize is we're looking at pictures. And I didn't looking at the pictures. And just size and dominance. I actually thought Steve was closer to second than fourth. And being there, that's not the case at all. Hmm. I found it like it's an issue. It was a classic thing like on the videos. Everyone just looks the same like just fucking awesome. Everyone shredded. And that's another thing about this show is the stage like it was fucking great. Like, guys looked awesome at the back of this stage. And the middle of the stage. And the front of the stage. Like there was like there was no bad spot to be on. And there certainly wasn't a bad spot in the lineup. They're moving guys back and forth and everyone just so fantastic. So that helped a lot. But being there at close. And you know like Steve Kuhuklo, but it's just, he's got such a beautiful, fucking massive physique. Like he's like one of the best ever like mass monster to have like fantastic aesthetic flow. You know what I mean? Like he's a great bodybuilder man. But I just felt like his condition kept him out of the top spot. You know, had he been, I don't know, what's the most shredded Kuhuklo we ever saw? That guy might have won. That guy might have beat Andrew. You know, he was just really, really dry, really, really dry and crisp. I think you might have, but who knows, maybe they would have told him to come fuller. Like the right who all the time. You know, so I do want to say a couple things though. I know I've been talking for 10 minutes. You know you guys want to interrupt? No. It's been a long time. Let's put Kuhuk. Okay. I want to say one thing. I want to say one thing. And this certainly isn't directed at anyone person specifically. Because for the most part, this weekend was really good. But I did witness some examples of, of it. And it's sort of needs to be reiterated occasionally just to remind people. And also too, I was reminded that these pros actually watch our show. So maybe this can be for them. But I know that everyone wants to win. I know that you go to win. And I know that if you come away with anything less than a win, it can be a real disappointment. But try to remember you're in the business of bodybuilding. And when you walk out in the lobby and kids come up to you, young guys, fans, and they congratulate you on how awesome you looked and how great they think it is that you made the top five. Try not to, you know, be a dick because you didn't win. You know what I mean? Like if someone walks up to a competitor's like holy shit man, you looked awesome. Congratulations. And maybe they're, we'll just say fourth. And they're like, yeah, whatever man, like that sort of thing. It's like, dude, this isn't a high school football game. You're a professional bodybuilder. Right. You know, I understand your upset. I get it. We're intense people. But this is your chance to interact with this person and it's going to have carry over. It's going to, you know, I don't know. I think that's some important. I saw a little bit of that like guys is really, really bummed out and sort of let it kind of get to them when they need to be able to keep it together. You know, I don't know. What are your thoughts on that? I think you may huge point because being a professional is far beyond the stage. Right. Simply put, the reason that you're still bringing in an income far above what most very good pros will ever see is because you're a professional on every level. If the only professionalism you have is the fact that you put together a good physique on stage, keep a really good job because it's going to be a very short career. So no, I couldn't agree more. They had to painful. I think it's sad that people don't see that because what you said is accurate, it's, you know, they are complimenting you on what they see. Don't don't get mad at him because Steve Weimer has you in fourth and you think you should be in first. He's just saying you're fucking awesome. You know, I mean, I think that that's very important. Plus remember that your fans or your fans regard us. I mean, I've had people congratulate on horrendous showings and just say, like, hey, we don't even care. You're my favorite because X, you know, because you got your keys. So no, I agree with that. I think it's, it'd be huge for guys careers and and the other thing is I can say this from experience. I know we've talked about this back when I was a kid. You never forget. I will never forget the guys who stop the world for me when I was a kid and the guys who blew me off when I was a kid. I remember them both very clearly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. I am. Yeah. I just wanted to mention that and that goes for the amateur's too because you're building up. You know, when you blow that kid off or give them, or give them, you know, you're really short with them, or whatever, the guy standing next to him could be a marketing manager for a supplement company. And he totally knows who you are. Yeah. That's what they're going to. And that's what this was. Like that's what this room full of people was. You are in a room full of people that all talk to each other. And people people call me all the time. I'm sure it happens with dusty all the time. I get messages from people, hey, what do you think of this guy? Like people who work for other supplement companies, message me. Like, hey, have you ever met this guy? What's he like? And I think, wow, I don't want to like this guy's kind of a dick, but I don't want to sink him. So I'll just say, oh, I don't really know him that well, you know, whatever. I go with these kind of dick. Yeah, like, you know what? I don't know. It's hard for me. It's hard for me. If obviously if they were dick to me, but then. But yeah, it's guys got to remember, they got to remember like, I get that you're upset. Like in 2012, I'll never forget this. In 2012, I got second to Antoine, very, very disappointing loss, very, very disappointing. How I was like, got it. I walked out into the lobby and mutant had a booth there. Right? So I walked out into the lobby, the show's over. Super heavy weights are the last, it's over, right? Everyone's kind of leaving their mullin' around. And I stood at the mutant booth for 45 minutes and took pictures with people. And I remember like a year later, someone at mutant told me about it. They're like, yeah, we were talking the other day how you lost. And then you came out from backstage with a big smile on your face. And you took pictures with people for almost an hour at the booth. While everyone else was gone. And like no one was left. Like the building was empty when we left. Dude, that's what Victoria told me about you. She said, remember, I told you that. And I think it was that show. She was like, you know, it was, but it was the next morning. There was like a breakfast that everybody went to. And she was like, you know, she was like, I saw Ron up there. And you could see like he really wanted it. And you could see he was disappointed on stage. But you know, he pulled it back together. He congratulated the winner. And then after that the next morning he showed up smiling as face. He was meeting everybody saying hi in the best mode. He could be, you know, just bounce pretty right at the banquet. Yeah, that's what she remembered out of that year, literally years later. No, you know. Yeah, yeah. And I think, you know, I didn't obviously, I wasn't a strategy. I was just like, this is what you do. This is what I signed up for. Yeah. Like, you know, these people came to cheer me on. There's a bunch of people I know because it was in my hometown. So it take pictures of all these people. But then there's all these people I don't know, taking pictures with them, too. But people have to understand that that like, you know, the famous story of the second place guy getting the better contract than the winner. Like, you know, you know, what do you really want at a bodybuilding? Do you want the trophy or do you want the opportunity? Because sometimes you get both, but sometimes you got to choose. Like, if I'm never, you don't get to choose. You don't get the trophy. So if I can take the rest of the opportunities that come along. Because if you just leave the building, discuss it and go home, you get nothing. You don't get a trophy and you don't get all the other opportunities, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Pick up all that loose change off the ground, man. You know? So that's my little rant. Let's grumpy than the, the, the, you know, resting bitch face one. But there you go. Okay. I like it. Okay. Okay. Someone else talk. Fine. Fine. Fine. Fine. Straight to your two questions. I'm going to pull up some questions. Yo, let's get yours by the way. Do we have YouTube questions Scott? We have a lot of YouTube questions. So I do want to say, guys, uh, do me a favor if I don't get to your questions. Because sometimes like this show we already went really lonely. Might not be able to get to all of them. We, run did. But go ahead. If it's, if it's, you know, if it's not on this show, comment again on the following shows, we'll definitely get to it. So don't take it personal, though. And I think I actually had a question here that was two part. One for Ron, question for Ron does get our weight really matter for tone. Also Gibson Les Paul or Gibson SG and then he's got a question for the crew after that. Run your first. Yeah, guitar weight matters a little for tone. So it's kind of like a wine connoisseur, right? Or a weed connoisseur. You know, some of these people, yeah, you know, some of these people will, then I'll take a sip and they're like, oh, I can really taste the oak. You know, I'm not like that. I'm not like that with my guitar tones, but I do know what I like and what I don't, I don't, you know. But guitar weight makes a bit of a difference, but the old saying goes 99% of how you sound, it's in the fingers. You know, you give a shitty guitar to Jimmy Hendrix, the sounds are Jimmy Hendrix. You know, but to me, this stuff that I play, I think like the distortion pedal you use and the amp you use have, you know, and the pickups in the guitar actually have most of the tone. You know, you take, you know, I pull, you know, one of these guitars off the wall and change the pickups in it. It's going to sound different. It's the pickups mostly, you know, and I'm, I'm, I have an SG Anoles Paul, but the SG is my, that's my workhorse. That's my baby. ACGC baby, you know. All right. And then the follow up one dusty, um, water, some foods to absolutely cannot train on. Foods that make you feel terrible and produce no pumps for you, or you get no real fullness the day after, et cetera, discuss. I don't have any foods that, um, like, people's thing with pump always throws me off. I get a pump on zero carbs, you get a pump not eating. I get a, like, I don't even, I, when people say that, I don't even know what it means. I'm like, oh, weird. Um, because I've literally never in my life went to the gym and not got to pump. I don't know what that means. Um, but foods have spicy them, have no business before training for me. And it's not because of, uh, shooting your pants or thing, it's, I can't have that much flavor, like, in my body. I'll be burping it up for acid reflux, even whatever. No. I won't bland ash shit before I train for sure. What about my fat? Oh, I don't care. I, I, I, I usually do fat sports training. That's how I almost died eating the steak before going to the gym, remember? Fun fact. Yeah, I love flank before I train. I like something. Because I treat, I eat two hours before I train. I know most people are tired of that. So I do, um, like 320 grams of flank and, uh, like 300 grams of rice, and then go train. But it's two hours later. So I need that sitting with me for some time. I, um, I'm going to piss some people off here. I think 90% of people's stomach and gut issues are completely in their head. And they are just so over analytical and so stressed out about what they eat and when they eat it, that I just can't imagine living in that prison. To me, it's just, I can't imagine like, oh, I ate this and then I had like a bit of gas. I'm like, what do you mean a bit of gas? Well, like, I don't know like I farted a bit. I'm like, the fuck the expect your body builder. You're eating like 4,000 calories a day. Like, what do you mean you had some gas? Like fuck. Like, are you bloated? Were you can't, like, is it like something you have to go with a hospital for? Or is it just cause you ate three cups of rice? Like, you know? Or like, I don't know. People just have all these mental hangups on all this stuff and like, oh, I really need to have, um, you know, I really need to have white rice before I train because if I have like bread before I train, I think it like, it like just sits too fast and it does like I just, all that stuff I just think. That's all nonsense. Yeah. Like all of all of my meals, all of my meals like I have stay crazy every day, I have turkey rice and vegetables every day. I have egg whites and oatmeal. I have a shake that I make. I can have any of those meals before I train, it makes no difference. And I can have any of those meals post workout and it makes no difference. And I don't care about any of the little micro changes in my body from any of that stuff. I just, because like, like, there's too much other stuff going on to worry about all that bullshit. Yeah. One thing I don't like deep before I train is like, we've all done it where you have like fast food with a buddy. You go like McDonald's in the eat and then like two hours later you go to train and you're like, oh, that was a bad idea. Yeah. I've done that. That's the only time. That's the only time. Well, that's plastic. That's not actually food. Yeah. Yeah. I really like the run that chooses violence just for the record. He's my favorite run. Like when he starts off with, I'm about to piss people off. I sat back a little. Kind of, kind of, kind of, being in the back. I was like, oh, really. I don't know. He's didn't do it though. Did you catch that's gone? He did. And then from the end he's like, and you wouldn't fuck you and your family. And I fuck your sister. She wasn't watching. It just kept going. It was impressive to watch. It was good. No. Well, I, I, I, I still feel a little bit bad because I got a few messages last week when he weren't here dusty. I mentioned how I don't like the TikToks or the reels where people are mouthing the words to movies. He would often, he would have, he would have, you know, I'd mention Scott's like, he would have fun. I slightly mentioned, I slightly mentioned that I don't like voiceovers. Y'all in reals. You know, with a like taken quote from a movie, but they like say it and they move their mouth. And I also don't like voiceovers on stage. Lip syncing on stage. Oh, I'm either. But I got messages from people. They're like, I thought you were my friend. Like, they were. You were so that fucking video. And like one, one girl that, one girl that I've known for years, he message me, she's like my entire TikTok is mouthing lines from movies. That's my entire TikTok. You just like broke me. Oh, you're a text me as a human. The text me. And then I went, looked, I went, looked at her TikTok and I'm like, actually, you're pretty funny. So, you're changing your story. We did. No, but yeah. So, so yeah, but the, the, a lot of times, I think people just have too much going on with worrying about foods. You know, I helped one guy once. And he was like, you know, I'm really, I don't have anything for my pre-workout meal at the house I'm staying at. I'm like, what are you happy? Like, they just have potatoes. And I was like, was he potatoes? He's like, oh, my last time I have potatoes, I like farted. And I just like, man, like, I don't know. Like, I just don't know how to live that way. So, so speaking of last week, I hate to do this to you right now. Scott, but you can talk about the shooting competition? No, no, we didn't talk about it, but I did go. You saw that I went. I know. So, you can catch me up though, because you didn't really like, you can give me a lot of data. So, I assumed it was, I could get live and we're getting to this. Sorry. It's okay. I was, um, so I didn't, so when I first started out, I just, like, I didn't, I didn't think about my actual technique. So, I did okay. And then there's five stages. I finished the first two. Then the third stage I remembered, I remember basically, like, how does you to gun? And so I settled down. And, uh, and then it got, like, really good. And it got easy. And I, and I felt really good about it. The first stage I actually bailed on. I didn't have enough ammo with me, like, on my person. And so I ran out and I didn't have more. And so they were like, oh, you could get more. And I was like, nah, it's all right. So I got, like, I had to get, like, a long time. Like, if you don't finish, you could get, like, 30 seconds. So that hurt. Right. And then they add all your times together. So that hurt my over all time. But I still got, uh, 29th out of 48 people. So there's like my first time I'm doing it. So I've, like, kind of middle the road. And I'm going to try it again. It was good. It was a lot of fun too. How, how, how many events are there? Like, how is it? How, like, what are the events? Like, 30 yard, 10 yard, 15 yard, is it like that or what? It's like, so there's five stages. Each stage, this is called steel challenge. So this, with this, you may, you mainly stay in the same spot. And then they have steel plates. Some of them are, our ten inches. Some of them are bigger than that. And then they have these bigger square ones. And they're set up in an order or whatever. You can shoot them in whatever order you want. As long as you hit the stop plate last, so there'll be one plate. It's a different color. And like, you, people come up with technique. Like, start left to right or go left in and then right in and then hit the, you know, hit the stop one last. So it's just a matter of speed. So, you know, timer, you draw, you get on target, shoot, shoot, shoot, shoot, stop. And they're set up in different patterns on each stage. So you shoot each stage five times. And it was like, it was like three hours, which was nice too. So it wasn't like an all day thing. You know what I mean? Like, I still got to go home, do my client work, all that. So this one, it was good. It's good. Is it like, is it like power lifting? Like, are the, are the other dudes like supporting you even though they want to be two or is it? Yeah, they're fulfilling what you mean, again, walk around like an asshole. Now, people are really cool. And you're not directly competing against each other, either, because I might be in carry optics. And this guy is shooting like a 22 caliber rifle. And this guy is in open. And he's trying to qualify. So, you know, you are in a way competing against everybody, but you're not at the same time. So you don't know the people that are in your class always. But I did better than some people that were like, they're regularly. So it was, it was good. It was good. And it was the first time I've ever transitioned through multiple targets. And some of them are kind of tricky because they might like go back. So you not only have to go across, but they'll like go further back and further back. So you're going over and back at the same time, you know, further distance. So it's, it was good. It was like, it was good, man. And it really allowed me to get into that sense of flow, you know, like that thing that we all three love, like when you're in the gym and everything's in that right spot. And you're about to have that perfect lift. It's like your brain goes clear. And it gave me that feeling, which I absolutely adore. That's like my fear of feeling in the world. So how many people are like, is this that like, does they got a shooting range? And there's like 20 people shooting all at once. And you have an instructor watching them or are you shooting by yourself and everyone's watching you? Everybody's watching you. So there's a club and you'll be like an a team. So there's like me and six other people. And then there's like five teams of that many people. And then when everybody finishes this stage, then we go to the next one and then you go to the next one kind of thing. So it was good. And then the people I was with, I didn't know any of them. So I had a friend that was there, but I couldn't get on his team. So nobody really gave me any pointers or anything like that. But I, you know, it's, it's pretty self-explanatory. So I'm excited. It's cool. What about, what about, what about, what about the arms, where you, that you have the best arms? Of course, probably. Yeah, proud of. Which isn't still really fun. You know, there's a lot of like 70 year old, 60 year old guys there. So it's still matters. Yeah. It always matters. It was good. It was, it was a lot of fun. And yeah, there's a capsule. Oh yeah, always. Oh, you said that. Yeah, that's a good one. Short to assert your dominance. You did. That. It was like 95 degrees. So yeah, bullshit. We know why it's been 35. Okay. Okay. All right. Sorry. I do you read the show again. All right. Go ahead to the questions. It's good. And we did get people, by the way, because Ron had said, he was like, I don't know what happened to Dusty, but he'll probably be back. We had people in the comments like, hey, for real. I hope Dusty's okay. So I had to let him know. I was like, no, Dusty's okay. He just couldn't make it. So yeah, we just made it sound like you didn't show up. We're like, I don't know where he is. He didn't log on. Well, probably a lie. It's technically I almost didn't. I mean, you text me. Oh, so that's every Monday. It's his only 158 to one. So I wasn't sure how this works. Yes. All right. So question for the next podcast. I'm doing my first contest prep with my coach after a successful offseason. And he's recommending me to use Halo for the first, for those excuse me, the final weeks. That sounds right. Of my prep. I have never used it or really looked into it. Because I always assumed that it was used more in powerlifting. Any experience with Halo in prep? Any advice you can give? I used a little bit of Halo like 20 milligrams, 30 milligrams, maybe. For like the last three weeks of I think, almost every show I ever did if I could get it. And one of the reasons that I like Halo at the end is because I like to tell people to stop their shots like seven days out, 10 days out even sometimes, just so they don't have any amount of people, the amount of people who have bad shots within the last week is just insane. I don't know what happens. And I know guys that run their shots right up to the show and they shoot all their fucking arms and delts and I just can't believe they don't have bad things happen. But Halo is great for making sure your Androgen levels are really high if you're going to back off your shots. That's another thing. Even if you only use it last 10 days, it's like, it's, you know, nice little tool. But it's not necessary. Because like, if you're on trend, you have a lot of Androgens. It's just an Androgen. That's all it is. It's not like a magic molecule or anything. But it just, yeah, it seems to be, you know, a handy little tool that's very commonly used. What's your breakdown, Desty? I didn't use it all the time. Same thing. It was like, if, if I could get it and knew it was real, that was the, the question mark with the Orals is always is it real? So I only got it if I knew the source. So I knew it was solid. But I can say one thing as a warning sign, I feel that drugs make you more of who you are. I am the most level chill person on the planet. Doesn't matter what I'm taking. Halo, I wanted to kill people. I was like, so I'm dying on the inside apparently because I want to violently kill this person in front of me because she's going to write a check for her groceries. And that's just not acceptable. But that's still not acceptable when I'm not on anything right now. But still not the point. Not that I was going to say. Yeah, you would get in. We don't justify all of this. But, but, but I will say, I felt like Halo and again, it's a last little bit of course. But the first time I did it was 2010 and I did feel like it turned me into sandpaper. I looked like I was cold all the time because I did it for, I think, two, two and a half weeks. But we did a good dose. I won't say I did like 30 or 40. A day. And I mean, I remember like, I, as it started working, I'm like, kind of this is the diet and we're just finishing out strong or what, but like, I was definitely sandpaper and angry. So I think I did it maybe three times of my whole career though because I just couldn't get it that off. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe a good warning is like, if you have any sort of temporary issues or something, it's maybe not to get it. Yeah. Okay. I did have a guy do a show this year. And for the first time ever, he, I helped him and he just used a bit of test and master on and he kept asking me, when do we add the trend? When do we add the trend? Yeah. And I was like, well, your weight cap's going to be really tough as it is. So let's just not do trend. Like, let's just get you shredded and you'll be in the weight and he was like, okay. And then after the show, he told me he's like, that was the best experience ever, not using trend. Huh. Yeah. He's like, he was like, I had like no problems the last month for the show. I just slept, felt fine, did not argue with my wife, competed. And he's like, I don't know if everyone used trend again. And I was like, that's interesting. People got a really realized trend. I mean, lots of guys, the old school guys that I know, they call trend divorce in a bottle. Yeah, I've heard that. That's great. We recently had gone ask that too. Do you need trend for, for when there's expensive bottle then? Do you wind up fucking a something or break in something or no? Good shit. Let's see, question for the next episode. When doing progressive overload, what rep number do you try to hit before moving up in weight? Why operate on a range? So if the, you know, so if the range is 12 to 15, I don't stop until at least 15. Sometimes that means I go over and get 16. I do not understand people that make a rep range like 12 to 15, they get 13 and are going up. I'm like, well, then odds are you're going to get 11 or 10. Like, I don't ever want to choose a weight that I'm not within range on. Yeah, you know, especially I say, I think that's like six to eight reps. Chances are, I'd much rather see a hit 10 on accent than hit three. And guys do that. Like, oh, we're going to three. I'm like, what the fuck were you doing? I don't know that way. Yeah. I could have told you before you started you weren't getting, you know, six Jesus. So high end of rep range for sure is my answer. All right. All right. I agree. Ron's got me angry now. I'm just like, yeah, I know. Oh, Ron. All right. Since you agree, I shall move on to the next one. Andy says, um, oh, wait. Oh, no. Yeah. What's the upper limit of heavy as far as music that Ron likes? I thought that was a good one for Ron. That is a good one. I'm curious. Well, I've said this before my the band that I was like a real true fan of where I like had every album went to see them live, new everywhere to every song, learned a bunch of riffs. The heaviest band that I was ever really into was Pantera. They were like, they're like that power groove metal. I I say they're the greatest metal band of the 90s without a doubt. And dime bag is on my, you know, Mount Rushmore of guitar players. So I would say Pantera. But I've had people send me stuff to like, hey, is this too heavy for you? And it was like, like, um, you know, kill switch and gauge or, you know, five figure death punch and stuff like that. I'm like, no, it's not too heavy for me at all. Some of the new metals a little too studio. Like, it's a little too, I don't know, little too perfect for me. I like my metal a little rough around the edges. So, but yeah, I mean, I like some of that stuff. I'm not into like the hyper technical like Gojera or Mishoga or any of that like really, really complicated, like, symphonic metal. I'm not really into that stuff. What about like, hate breed? Yeah, there's some hate breeds stuff I can take. Yeah, that's one of the places of the gym. Yeah, hate breed. Yeah, yeah, yeah, there's a lot of, there's a lot of like pretty heavy bands that I think, oh, it's fucking pretty cool. And I've seen a lot of bands in concert that were heavy that were really awesome. Like, you know, the, you know, I saw a band called Soulfly. So the guy from Stipple Toura, he started Soulfly. And I saw them a couple of times and they were awesome. And then like, he also some of the, there's some other heavy music like, have you ever seen ministry? Oh, yeah. I saw ministry. Like, I have dark. Yeah, I've seen a lot of twice. That's that's that's dark sort of industrial, electronic fused with metal. Like, it's a very, very heavy aggressive. I was a big ministry fan back in the day. Oh, yeah. Yeah, like that's heavy shit, you know, especially when they see them, when you see them play, you're like, they're fucked up. Yeah, they're fucked up. Not quite the same, but nine inch nails were kind of had a similar following, you know? I loved, so that was one of the best live shows I ever saw was blown away. Yeah. Yeah. I'm still using them too. First one, first concert. Wow. Yeah. Great. But yeah, I'm not into like death metal. Question for Scott on the next show. What's at your best? Which did you enjoy more bodybuilding or sending rounds? I love that everybody on the show knows that turn. I can't pick. It's like, you don't pick in which kid is your favorite. I'm, you can pick kids, get your favorites. I'm supposed to say. You know what, I'm I'm training again, and it's going well. And I'm obviously not, I have as much muscle or as much strength, but I am loving it, all the same as I ever have. So I couldn't, as long as I can still train, I would probably probably pick training, I guess. Yeah. Training trains. I got to help us back to it, you know? Yeah. As well. Yeah. Let's see here, a question for the next episode. I've always learned about bodybuilding training, diet, et cetera, from listening to experience athletes, coaches, perspectives. Since they all have real world application, my question is, if I'm working with a coach for contest prep, and he 100% believes in minimizing all sodium for 16 weeks, which I know isn't good, or he says, doesn't matter what gear you take as long as it's a total of one gram. What do I do here? I'm the guy that came to the coach for help in trying to question these instructions comes off as no better than you. I mean, when it comes to this situation, after watching all you guys videos, I think I do no better. Yes, this is for real on 11 weeks out. Thanks, crew. Dusty at DustyHanshot.com. Yes, I'm a little email. You're currently 10 weeks out. I can still get you ready. Get the sodium in as soon as you see this, because fuck that's dumb, and only to be matched by the dumbness of it doesn't matter as long as it's a gram. So a gram of omnidrin will be just as good to prep on as a gram of master on, but only can be matched by a gram of halo. Right. There's this new idea going around that all steroids are equal. I guess there was a study that said this fire is protein synthesis goes that say master on was no more or less effective than trend. And I think that yeah, but that's going around, and the thought is being presented that all steroids are equal more or less. Yeah. Well, some of them cause water retention through a roomitization and some of them do not. Some of them cause crazy cholesterol problems on blood just to get a lot longer. It's not going to be fun. Yeah. Just see what happens to your blood thick that your thickness on a gram of EQ and watch what happens to your liver enzymes on a 500 anodrol a day or whatever the fuck you want to tell you like there's there's there's there's difference and these studies are infancy like what is this the first study ever done on comparing steroid protein synthesis and a body weight. Well, it's also comparing one thing as if that's the only thing steroid does. Yeah, and they all do essentially enhance protein and nitrogen retention. So yes, they all kind of do the same thing. But you know, it's like having having how's this? Here's an analogy. You can get any guitar player you want that's good. They all do the same thing. But who do you want to tour with and live in the van with and eat with and hang out with? Right? They might there would be 20 guys and I'll play guitar just as good, but there's a lot of other things going on in that band. Yeah. That's very it's a perfect example. I mean, all kidding aside, I really I really would step away from a coach that thinks that though because these are two things that are very important and or or just do ignore those things if the diet is correct. But I mean, I just I don't ever suggest people ignore their coaches either work with them or don't because you can't give someone the credit or disc credit them if you don't do what they say. Yeah, you know, so I really would because that's just and those are two things that to me aren't even debatable. Like that's just wrong. Sorry. Yeah. There's also there's always the option of doing your own prep. Yeah, there is that. Like I did it. I did a bunch of times. It did really good at it, too. You know, I actually just had a client that I told him to do that because he had a lot he had a it wasn't a bad thing. He just had a lot of information. I don't even want to say who's resisting. He was just asking questions and I said, look, man, I'm not mad. Yeah. But I think you should take this alone because the things you're asking are great questions and it's a great way to find out what your body does experiment with them. But why would you want to experiment? Yeah, and pay me to do it because I'm not experimenting. I know what will work. But I'm not saying it's the only way. Yes, that's exactly that's a great point. Well, how come you have me eating oatmeal? Well, because that's what you were eating off season and you clearly like oatmeal. So I kept it in your plan. Like if you're tired of it, let me know. We can swap it out. Like there's no magic that you don't have you know what I mean? People get like that. Yeah. Well, why? Well, that's what you were doing. That's what we're doing. I do because easy. Like when I write diets, I almost write them exclusively with rice outside of breakfast because that's what I eat because it's easy and I'm lazy. Yeah, I never get tired of eating Jasmine rice and people are like, God, I'm so bored of Jasmine rice. Oh, fuck, I'm sorry. Yeah. What would you like? And you know, also just to minimize complaining and any got issues, white rice is what they use on all those inflammatory diets to help people out. So if you just put people on white rice, you're going to minimize, like those other random things that people complain about when they're eating lots of food. Yeah. So yeah. All right, I got one more here. Question for the next episode, Ron, had you handled Phil Heath's nutrition and training for his Olympias? And what ways do you think his physique would have looked different and how from how they and how honey brought him in, thanks guys. Oh, I'm a way fucking better way back. He would have fucking, he would have he would have never one shit. I just bought 2011. God, I'm sure you could fix that mess. Wow. Yeah. No, that's a, I'll take that as a funny question. That's a joke. Question trying to read me a little bit. You know, at the end of the day, this is a great example of how being the opposite of a of a coach jumper can be a great thing. You know, Phil worked with honey. They had some early success. You know, they won this. They got a pro card. They did some shows together. They worked on his physique. They got the Olympia. And then they just they kept working and they kept working and they kept working. You know, Phil didn't, you know, when Phil was getting, you know, top five or, you know, not winning a show. He lost a high green at the Arnold that one year. You know, like when that stuff was happening, Phil wasn't shopping around for a new coach. He wasn't trying to see what is handy, not know. It's pretty difficult to replace a coach who actually fucking cares and really wants to help you. That that can be invaluable. And if you have a coach like that, work with them. He wants to win just like you do. And if you get you'll third at this or Kairin beat me at the Arnold, imagine if he would have fired honey and tried Milo's who knows what would happen. Milo's might have got him in Olympia, but also Milo's plan might have not been great for filling. Might have not mentally been a good match for that complicated of a scheme. It might not a, you know what I mean? Because it's not just about what the coach knows. It's about matching him to your mentality. And get someone who's like, because I'm a pretty relaxed guy. Like, there's a lot of stuff that I don't think matters. And I think it's mental masturbation and a waste of your energy and it causes nothing but stress. But if you're the type of guy who's like ultra fixated on those things, you might think I don't care. Yeah, it's not that I don't care. That's not that I don't care. I don't think it matters at all. So I think you should forget about it and focus on training legs tomorrow. So finding someone that matches and cares, that's invaluable. And that's what Hanyan fill is. That's just a great, a great example of them just, you know, believing in each other and working together. And you know, I still see like a lot of coach jumping. And it's not bad to switch coaches. Don't get me wrong. You could have gone through four coaches in four years and you're not necessarily a coach jumper. There could be legitimate reasons for you switching coaches. But some people are coach jumping and they're looking for a miracle, right? They're like, all I was 10th with this coach. And I was 7th with this coach. And then I was 10th with this coach. So the seventh place coach was a better coach. It's like, no, you were leaner that year. You started leaner. You hadn't easier prep. You didn't have money problems. And the line up was a bit better or a bit weaker. You know, like your placing can't dictate how good the coach was. And I just see, I see people kind of like looking for the solution like all to get into the top five of any another coach and say, no, to get in the top five, you need bigger packs and you put in trying to legs. Yeah. You know, so I don't know. I definitely wouldn't have made a feel heath better. Let's just say that. Phil's Phil's Phil. I'll treat that as a comment question to get us to talk about it. Yeah. Yeah. All right. We might have had more, but that was all I found. So guys, if I'm been to your question, if you want to put it in the next episode, I'd be happy to take it for next time. Bring it to the guys. What do you got, Dusty? You got some questions. See, I do. I want to say that I should have been kicking through him here. I feel like I've talked way too much. So I need one of you to do a rant. I've, I am, I'm so relaxed because you've taken that off of me. I'm so very, very, very. I'm so conscious about my verbal percentage on this episode. It happens. It happens. Oh, God. Oh, this is a good question. I was talking about the first time. God. This is a good question for Scott. Just getting over COVID about two and a half weeks, lost 25, 20 pounds, about 60, 70 percent now as far as how he's feeling. How would you train? You know what? I think so there's this. I think that the new, I don't know how much we can talk about COVID and still be monetized. That said, we're going to do it. I think the new COVID is like COVID light compared to what it was when I got to. Yeah, it's like, yeah, it's for most people at least because I think I don't know about you guys, but literally like every single client I have is caught it at this point. And for most people, it hasn't been a big deal. The people, it's a big deal for the people that catch a fever and then that fever lasts. The new one doesn't seem to attack the lungs as much. That 20 pounds I'm going to guess is mostly water. If it was really, you know, it was really bad. It might take them a little bit longer to pull it back together. But I would say just across the board with training, my thought is to ease back in. If he's in a place where he can train again, this is any sickness, I would say what I've done, if I feel like my body isn't in a place where I'm ready to just go back to you and I might plan, I'll just go real light and have fun with it. Maybe even do like even close to like a full body workout and just like a few sets of everything. And then see how I feel the next day. I think the biggest mistake to do would be just be like, okay, I'm going to go back and go 100% hard and I'm going to push my way through this. But you know, I think that there's a point that we have to listen to our bodies and I think after your sick, that's one of those points. I will also add that if he's dealing with any kind of brain fog or anything, injectable alcarnityn was super helpful for me. And Dante had suggested you pick one all. Coins I'm Q10 for heart inflammation for basically heart remodeling for me. And when I started using that, I noticed that I started feeling a lot better a lot faster and I'm running it at a high dose. I'm still using 400 milligrams of you pick one all a day. Nice. It's good. I was a good question, you actually mean, so I came back from Arizona sick. Yeah, like sick enough that I have not been in the gyms and said I got back. And today I went into cardio and I literally went in and I was like, we'll see how this goes. So I started the cardio at 3.2 miles now and I'm going to 3% inclined. I just kicked it up, up or sent every five minutes to see. Got up to 8% inclined I was fine. So I was like, okay, cool, I'm going to go touch chests, see how that goes. We're shooting a mutant Friday. So I'm like, I'm both trying to make sure I'm ready to train but also don't push too early and I did five sets of chests in left. Yeah, it was like, all right, the wind was like, it's still tell the breathing. I get down with a set, you know, and I was like, you're kind of waiting for the next run. I'm still breathing hard. Fun, I'm still breathing hard. I was like, all right, that's probably enough. So that's how I play it out is based on lungs and a lot of stuff. They'll tell you where you're at, you know, because the strength was fine, but the lungs after each attempt I was like, okay, we'll come back tomorrow, see where we're at. We'll be the same thing. I'm going to do like shoulders. I definitely would do like you said Scott, I wouldn't go in with a plan. Yeah, you know, just going and training even with one body part, like, I didn't know I wasn't going to leave the Smith machine today, but I didn't really know it. It's good. I got a pump. Let's roll. I'm about one and make sure I was full in my green shirt for the X for the episode. Yeah, I think I think I think I think a big part of that too is what you said, see where we're at that next day, right? You know, that'll tell you a lot, because I found for me in having gotten real sick that it would like even when I got to the point, I could get good workouts in, I might be wrecked. Like just wrecked the next day, and, you know, versus now I'm doing pretty good with it, but you know, that would be my thought. Don't just, you know, don't just push through. All right. Next question, do you believe in depletion training on a peak week? I don't really use the term. I don't use that term. I don't really, yeah, I don't use it at term ever. I tell people to train pretty normally. I maybe tell them to stop going to failure the last week, maybe some guys have held them to train normally. And then it's like Thursday, I tell them like, okay, today's your last day, just like get a pump and move some blood around. You don't really use the, I don't change workouts. Whatever put the muscle there, keep it there, try to keep loading things so that they don't leave your body. You got to load the muscle so it stays. And I just back off on like the tear down, you know, like you know, going in and smashing stuff. I just say, okay, like here a week out now, let's just like kiss failure on a couple of sets and just get some good, but I think it's still important to like keep your training pretty normal. I don't like changing a bunch of stuff. You know, the only time I would tell someone for example, jaws when he went up after the van pro 8 himself up to 195 by Monday. And then he wanted to do Chicago on Friday. And he had to lose 12 pounds. So for him, I was like, okay, let's let's pump more volume. Like doom extra sets. Like you got like dollars. Yeah. Yeah, you got to burn all this glycogen off. Like, but I don't normally do that with people. Yeah. Yeah. I might use, I think it varies for me, though. I, I don't call it, I might call it a decent work out, but my goal is just basically to maybe not not have somebody pushing as hard, you know, right, something like that. Uh, there we go. Do I should do I should do you think I should train when I don't feel it? Just don't feel the gym at all these days. Wow. Sometimes a lack of motivation is a sign. A lack of motivation is a psychological symptom of overtraining. Yeah. And that happens with all athletes. If the motivation, you have to be able to tell, okay, is this just me not having motivation? And it's, and I have to just kick in my discipline, right? You know, like during contest prep or something, you might have a week where you just run an on discipline. But then there's also like where you like are like performance inhibited and lacking motivation, you know, and strength is down. And like, though, you know, it can be an unadded symptom of you need rest. You need some time away from the gym to reassess like, okay, I really want to get back in there. So, no, it's the best thing to do is take three, four days off and you're like, fuck, I just want to get in the gym. Right. So yeah, something like that, I just went four days without training. So when I got off the plane yesterday, I was like, I didn't know much time, right? I very small window of time when I got off the plane and I went to the gym, and I pounded chest and biceps in like 40 minutes. And I was like, oh, God, they're so good. Just like reset. You know, dusty caught that just in time. Just be. Mut speed high for sure. Up just two hoses ramlin, walking in. So what happens in my house? Anyways, they're young ones. It's fine. Two, I don't know. All parents call their kids. I don't know. I'm thinking not. I mean, probably not. A little bit of a rollback term in all the G around your house. I just, you know, it is what your house is. Your house is unique circumstances, dusty. You don't have like a little nose. I don't want to. That's for sure. Let's see, nose and flat. I don't know, that is, no, this is one of those things. When cutting, should I try to cut down on mainly carbs until I'm fully depleted, then carb up? Does he mean? He means cutting carbs out like cut down using your carbon tank as your, like your cutting factor. I think is what I took from it. Yeah, maybe. You only, you should only have your carbs as low as they have to be to lose weight. Yeah. You want to eat, you want to eat the most you can eat and still get leaner. You know what I mean? So, you know, you don't have to deplete down to nothing. Like, you know, I had a client tell me, one of my guys that competed on the weekend, he was like, yeah, this prep was so much easier than last prep. I was feeling like guilty, but he's in better condition. It's far better. And he's like, you know, like last year was miserable. And this year, I picked the lowest I went was 100 grams of carbs for like a few days. Right. And I was like, yeah, you're just, you got more muscle, you're bigger, you know, you started leaner, you know, prep's to prep's aren't always progressively worse. So, sometimes that is a mine screw though. I've had that before too, where you're like, you, you ignore the pictures, even though you see them, it's like, I shouldn't be eating this yeah, why am I not hating life currently? That's not good. Yeah, I can't be good. The other guys got to be hating life more than me. Yeah, I'm gonna do, we got one more that I thought was good and I answered it already. But I want to see, you know, I put this, these question boxes up in the plan is to answer them later. And this one I answered immediately, because it's just something that's bothering my soul currently. How to know when the body needs a refeed slash a maintenance break while cutting. Well, keyword needs needs. Well, needs, I don't know, is this a trick question, does he? Are you gonna make fun of my answer? No, I just, I mean, it was just funny, because the, I mean, I'll just tell you what I said, and then go from there. I said, the true answer that it doesn't refeeds have become a fad that I don't think are needed. If you want to get nasty slice, don't plan on them. If your body shows that it needs something, give it to it. Like I do think that that's the problem now is like, people are starting a prep in their saying, like, I wonder what I'm gonna need a refeed? And the word refeed nowadays means pizza and beer and, you know, whatever, I'm not being literal, it's like it could mean, okay, you know what, today, I have 200 extra grams of rice. Yeah, like, you know what I'm saying? The word refeed now symbolizes cheeseburgers and junk. And, and I just, I think that guys were getting more peeled when we back in the day, it used to be nothing everyone back up. Like, and I'm not saying it was like, I think in a radio, when a cardio went up, it never came back down. When the food went down and never came back up. It only got petrol driving. Just got fucking worse. And I'm not saying that that's necessary right, necessarily right, but it's, um, it definitely fucking worked. You got the mentality, certainly produced a lot of slice body builders. Yeah, exactly. And I think if you, if you look, I mean, truthfully, and I, I hate to make this a country thing, but if you look overseas, I think there's a lot less refeeds going on in England than there are in the United States. And when you go to what amateur bodybuilding show there, mother fuckers are sliced. They just are. What do you want to be in really good shape or burger, you know? I have to think that to myself at times, I think we all do, you know? Because it's easy to lose that perspective when you're real hungry. You know what I mean? But right. It's an instant gratification. I just don't think that they necessarily make you that much better. Yeah. Also again, I've had many during my career. So it's not like I'm like taking a stand here. I mean, we just talked about, I mean, Chris had, there were three days in a row, one prep. That I had cheeseburgers and fries. And the third day, I didn't want to do it. I was like, this doesn't seem right. Because it did it felt wrong to be eating that way during a prep. And like Ron said, I was peeled. And it, you know, Chris didn't just suddenly decide to be a nice guy. So that's fucking job. But I do think that most competitors could remove them or definitely cut them way back and be better than they are. Yeah. Yeah. Like I, I, I tell most people, like, have a lot of people ask like, what's your stance on refeeds? You know, but for they hire you. It's a sales pitch. I go part of it, right? Yeah sales pitch now. And I said, listen, I just had a classic guy who went from 240 to his weight cap of 180 in like 24 weeks without a single high day. But then between the first time he hit 180 and his third show, he probably had 10 high days. Yeah, right. You know what I mean? Because you have to get the fat off first. If you're starting your prep at 250 and you're going to be 205 on stage, shredded, you don't need to refeed it to 40. And you certainly don't need to refeed it to 25. You still lose in like big chunks of the kidney fat and butt fat. And like all this stuff, you have to be able to like see all the muscles on your body. Like, oh, the corner of your glute is like there. And you've got fibers in the side chest on your glute and your quads are striding like, okay, now we can look at like what to do to maximize this muscle mass with the time we have left and should be refeed you or not. Like that's how I see them. I tell people, get ready for the first half of your diet to be like, I'm not being nice. Yeah. Right. The first half of your diet, you're going to die for like the two three months straight and you're going to wander like you might never going to get a refeed. And then once you start to like really fucking good, we'll start to look at like, you know, that's sort of see that's how Chris always treated me like he had to 10 weeks like straight and then Chris is like, who should let's so fill you out and I was like, oh, okay, do this now, okay. Yeah, you know, but you got to get a lot of fat off for you need a refeed. It is a sales pitch now, you know, like, you know, my client seed all this food, all this junk food and you know, and I think it works too and at the end of the day, you know, people want to believe there's an easier way. People want to believe it. That bothers me, though, because they used to be it's, you know, it used to be what was the best way. That was the only thing you cared about. Like, what is the best way to get sliced? And now it's, there's stands against it. Yeah, you don't have to do, you don't have to do all that. I'm like, right, but as your way better, because if you're not telling me it's better, I don't give a shit. Like, if, if, you know, white fishing green beans gets me in a better contest shape, it's fucking 12 weeks. I'm down. I can do anything for 12 weeks. Yeah, I've always said that there's two weeks is nothing. There's two types of people. I've always said that there's the people who will ask, what more can I do and the people who ask what more can I get away with? Right. Yes. That's right. That's a good quote Scott. Thank you. I wish that I had to make them do a meme or something, you know. It's gonna shine that with me like to come with a mountain like looking up over. Yeah. Let's leave everybody to dwell on this philosophical proposition of that question. Which competitor are you? What more can I do or what more can I get away with? Okay. Wow. I'm a retired one. Here we go. I love it. Okay. Well, and it that's enough of us talking. Hey, well, nothing new talking. Just like that. Just cut it right there Scott. Did you say, hey, when we knew that, that sounds good. Let's do that. Okay. Thanks everybody. Remember like share subscribe comment. Ring the bell. And remember. Yeah. Ring the bell. And that's questions. And remember, mutin is supporting the show. I am mutant.com. Go check it out. It's North American code you can use. Big Ron 20. Dusty 20 and Dusty 20. So, enter either one of those codes. They both work. Maybe not my get your best delivery. My mind. But I also do have to thank the people that have been using my code because I get an email every time someone uses it. Yeah. It's the show got sponsored. I've noticed a massive uptick. Awesome. The email is like, yeah, very code being you. So 20% of it. Yeah, it's 20% off. So go for me. No, fuck. We are desperately trying to prove that we're worth something to mutant so that you leave us in anything. I will see you this Wednesday and Vegas. Hey, Dusty. Yes, I leave it seven in the morning. We're next week or what's going on. You guys. Yeah, we have the right. Okay. So, one question. I saw on the schedule that we shoot together on Friday. Correct. Yes. Yes. What are we going to train? We have a training schedule, which I don't know, but more importantly, we have an eating mission. Well, the eating is probably my camp weight. I can't wait for that. I just need to know what body part has to be adequately recovered in order for me to train with you. I was going to do late today. You can call it. I'm going to let you call it perfectly fine. Well, you're going to call okay, because I'm not training eating between now and then so other than all of you're just able to show this tomorrow. Remember because I'm still trying to be a yes. Okay. Okay. I'm going to go do legs today and I'll have pretty much everything. I'll be ready if you want. So we can talk about it. Once we get to Vegas Wednesday night, Wednesday night on the schedule, I arrive Wednesday and then Wednesday night on the schedule just says driving range. Yes. We're going. We're going. Yeah, and it doesn't say this yet, but I'm out. I'm worth you smoking a cigar that you never had before. Oh, it's not having them in the ship to the drylands there. So nice. Oh, nice. I have one request. You guys sent gave me one picture when you went to LA and that picture was used for a several thumbnails. And when I had that new picture, we literally got like twice as many views on that episode. So I'm requesting another picture since you guys are going to be together. Do your best. Do your best. We'll get one of you. We'll get one of the cigars. How's that? We get a cigar. How do you hold this cigar? Do you have to hold it like this? Or do you hold it like this? Or you can do either. Yeah, it's either. So all to it's your technique. You don't have to be like like like Columbia. But by the way, if I really enjoy it, I'm like roadchip in that ship. I do get all the way down. Okay. Okay. I will get a cigar pick. We'll get a food pick. We'll get some in the gym. There you go. I need to be good. There you go. Perfect. Okay. So Wednesday two Saturday, me and Dusty, Jamie the giant. Nice. On Dreousha, we got a bunch of people joining us. And our new still kind of secret signed athlete who's going to be our big announcement. Nice. Once you have this individual's been secretly signed for like a month. So it's a little bit sad. I think it's having used them yet. Because they're trying to want it to get some real nice graphics done and like do it right. So we can't wait to announce that guy. He's going to be a great part of the mutant team. And Dusty and I are going to love having them around. So thanks for having me guys. I really appreciate it. Oh, I, I, I lived the, I lived the cat out of the bag. Okay. Okay. Thanks everybody. And remember, it's just bodybuilding.