Basically, what you can do is give yourself almost a form of a forced repetition. So you start off, the first trips are all easy. There's minimal tricep activity, right? And the chest starts to fatigue somewhat. You're still got a chest focus, right? Uh-huh. There might be some tricep involvement that is progressively goes up. That would make sense, right? As the peck fatigues, then the tricep involved would go up. Now I'm going to try to do several more reps. I'm going to allow myself to bring the other muscles in. So the chest is pre-feteed and now the triceps that anterior delves can go. And but I'm still focusing on the chest, but now I'm just allowing so cap to sort of release the governor on the triceps and the other muscles. And that basically is like bringing in a partner. I got my brain, you know, I got my brain, you know, I got my brain. I see what you're going. And I'm bringing in a partner and doing, and doing forced repetitions, right? Because now the tricep or the tricep and shoulder are helping you to get another rep up, you allow you to then control that negative with the peck. Go beyond failure. Basically it's be an off-it. Final muscle connection failure. What's up guys? Welcome back to Muscle Minds with Scott Stevenson. I'm Scott McNeilie and all of our programming is brought to you by Scott's book, b-y-o-b-b-coach.com. That's b your own bodybuilding coach. We'll put a link in the description. Also if you want to get the hard cover or you go to the website and get the ebook, we are brought to you by you, the people of Patreon. Thank you guys very much for your support. And we are brought to you by trunutrition.com. Get all your basic bodybuilding supplements like protein, creatin, intro workout, all of that stuff. Use our code think to get 10% off on high quality third party test and supplements. You'll get a deal. Your support the shows and you'll get great supplements. We're also brought to you by supplementsourst.ca for Canadians. They do have great deals at change week to week on short dated, close out products, stuff like that. Scott, I am Frick and Pump to talk to you today, man. We had Stephon Kinzel, the boss of Outlaw on the show for it's just bodybuilding this week. And man, he echoed all the Frick and things that I've been talking about for the last five years about bringing up. Yeah, that's the way it feels. It was cool to hear, especially somebody, I have a huge amount of respect for him and the work that he's doing with bodybuilders, just incredible man. Plus not only that, but he is absolutely fricking passionate about bodybuilding, which he's a good dude. I like him. Anyway, we were talking about the idea of bringing up legging body parts and he was saying that like, or is for instance, that he gets really great contractions to the glutes. And no surprise gets these nasty striations they're peeled earlier than other body parts, but then his back has lacked those same striations. And it's not because he's not training his back often enough. I mean, it's not because he wasn't doing the right exercise. It had to do with activation. And the first thing that I hear from people, they tell me, what split should I do? And then the next thing is what exercises are like the exercise. And it's beyond that man, it's how are you activating the muscle? You've heard me say in this. That's my spiel now. And it was so rewarding to hear him saying those exact same things. So I guess the topic is really what? The connection you get to the muscle, the activation versus exercise selection, is that how we would put that? Yeah, it's funny. Like, as you were talking, I was imagining like the Scoda restaurant, you know, in the order sandwich. That's like it's not right. And you see, hand it back and they just go put more of the same shit on it that doesn't taste good. Yeah, it's still a shit sandwich. You just keep doing more or keep, you know, eat more quickly. It's still taste bad. You keep doing the things that aren't right for a muscle growth in terms of exercise selection or having a good mind muscle connection, activating the muscle. It's a skill set without it out. Learning how to activate the muscle. Then you're just going to get more of it. You're going to like run you so you keep doing what's you been getting, what you've been getting. Right? Yeah. And you'll end up growing. So yeah, that's the, at the topic keeps on coming up. I've got a whole talk on, it's called my muscle mastery. I've given. And there, it like at one end of the spectrum, we have the notion, for instance, of neuromocanical matching that certain muscles simply won't be activated when they have the appropriate leverage to do so during the course of the range of motion of certain exercises. So don't even bother. Right? Okay. And if, and also then if you have a loading curve that doesn't match the strength curve of that muscle, this is, this is like pretty important, really. This is how you can tell my experience if a machine or an exercise matches or feels good. You can just tell that feels good. I just saw a video, um, can't watch as a console on this yesterday. And I saw a video, um, Roman Flitz did a video, showing his chest training and demonstrated how he does. Sorry. I'm sweating so much. It's not as held in the house here. How he does. He sets his, what do you set your AC to? Did you, what do you say? It was 82. Yeah. I said it. Yeah. Yeah. I leave the door. Oh, that was, I, the doors right here. I sleep the door open for the dogs to come in and out. You know, on that part. And yeah, I don't want to try to cool AC would totally get over, overheated. But so he does his, his, and people can find this video. It's all in German, but it's on, um, on a sponsor's channel. And he does, he doesn't do a forward. He doesn't come to the center on his chest presses. He stays out while, and he stays out wide. Literally, he's almost pressing outwardly like this. Okay. Because that, that maintains tension just to keep it simpler without getting into the biomechanical leads, maintain tension on the pecs. Once you get to here, and you're, and you're just, meca, there's nothing you can literally, you're just holding, you've got a lot of the forces just compressing your, your, um, elbow joint. This, if you're swinging, you have a rotator cuff that's doing it's supposed to do. You, you're holding your shoulder joint place, but you don't have a pectension where you go out here, you do. So, okay. Instead of doing full range of motion like this and going to a lock out, Roman's been trading for a hot minute here. He knows how to, he knows from feel what a full rep is given how he's executing this style of doing dumbbell incline press, so that he just goes to here, and he goes, and he does them like that and he stays out of very, very wide. Okay. Yeah, I did that years and years and years ago too. You don't, he's using the, the 30 kilogram dumbbells. So he's like using like, eventually he went up his around 70 pounds. He could use a lot more weight than that. If he did this, and he's trying to bring the triceps in, but the idea is that he's, he's making this, it's sort of like a, um, a combination between a, a partial range of motion fly, partial range of motion chest press. Yeah. So that's why this by the way. Oh, yeah, they're all certainly, yeah, they're awesome. Try this. Yeah. Um, so, yeah, I mean, if you have limited, limited equipment, like he has a, he has a peck fly that gives you tension through the full range of motion. And it allows you to contract the pecks here in this short and position and have the, have the tension. So in this case, the tension, the force vector is this way. So you're, you're doing horizontal, roughly horizontal adduction at the shoulder joint at sort of a sort of an off plane. So you do those exercises, but why, why waste the range of motion, and not the full range of motion isn't a good idea. But if you have no attention to that last farther range of motion, and that's, that doesn't, not worth it. And people use due machines that way, he start off doing, uh, he has a hammer strength, um, leverage in-cline press, and he wasn't going to lock out because, okay, to get the full lock out, he just has to engage so much triceps. Right. Yeah. And then you make triceps into potentially a weak link. It's no longer a chest exercise. So he was doing that according to the mechanics of the muscle and, and the activation based on the loads presented by that particular exercise through the range of motion. So it's just kind of reiterate, we've got a side of neuromachanical matching that you don't have any choice in the matter as to how muscle is activated through the course of range of motion. And then you can selectively execute your exercises or choose exercises or find the right machines that provide a loading curve that matches your strength curve over the range of motion. So we talked about this, um, with having a converging chest press, the converging chest presses, they allow you to get full range of motion at the pack. So because you converge, if you just went here, then you'd be missing this part of the range of motion. Right. Okay. And the really good ones, sometimes you'll set up on a cam, or they're constructed such that it matches your strength curve here. And doesn't get super hard at the end where you have to start engaging your triceps. Yeah. Right. In order to finish that, it allows you to have a good mind muscle connection, dry with the pecs so far, and get a full range of motion with the pecs where you have contraction with the pecs and the exercises executed, predominantly with the pecs as the prime mover. That totally makes sense. Right. Yeah. Um, and that's ideal, what you'd have. So so those are biomarkin of cooking considerations. And then we also talked about, and this was in the podcast with Nick Walker, I think I've got an Instagram post. I'm sort of formulating still. But we, we, we move across into the more the mind muscle connection realm of things. And you can actually have some choice. These are voluntary contractions. Um, and this will learn skills. So I'll tell a story I have told, before a long time ago, this was like this, it was a memory that was, it was, it was, it was, we spent like a half an hour with this. I had a guy who wanted his dad had been doing construction his entire life, he'd retired. He was just kind of sitting around. Thank you probably remember this story. Brought him in, we're going to train biceps. We're doing back and biceps that day. And I could just tell he's just like he's, he's, he's basically doing kind of like, you know, sort of a, some sort of a clean to get the weight up. He wasn't able. He was really doing biceps curls, right? He was an everything that is blowback the whole thing. So let's do a concentration curl. Double concentration curl locked his elbow in on the inner side of his, of his leg and said, hey, let's do this concentration curl. And he's still doing this stuff, right? He's basically, he knows because he's picked up heavy stuff for his entire life. How to make it as easy as possible. So he's basically trying to do an isometric contraction, the bicep at the angle where he's got the most strength and then just leverage the thing up. Like, yeah, you know, like he's, like he's using some equipment that, you know, fork left or what have you. That was, and he could not get himself to not do that. I would literally was grabbing his shoulder and saying, stop moving your shoulder. Don't do this. I was nice to the net of course. But he just kept on doing this. I said, don't move that. And I said, remember, we're telling you, here a robot, right? Alternatively, once you get good and you look, you do this, people been most of people were listening already know how to do this. You can activate a muscle even during an exercise where it's not the perfect loading curve. It's not biomechanically ideal you can activate a muscle in range of motion and cause a contraction that produces tension, which would be our driving phenomenon for stimulating hypertrophy. Even though the loading curve isn't that great. So, you know, do we, would you want to take like that in kind dumbbell press that the Roman hat and then do a peck contraction and do this? You, you could, is that ideal? No. But we do know from the least one study where they did no load training. This is the counts at all study from 2016 that we just talked about, right? This is the far end now. Pureline muscle connection, no load at all. Basically, if you're thinking about, let's get the exercise that provides the perfect resistance curve through the range of motion. And then let's make, let's make an exercise that is just absolutely horrendous such that it completely misses the mark. Let's make it so bad that it provides absolutely no load throughout the entire range of motion. Zipo, that's what they did. Okay. No, the loading curve was just non-existent by contractions against care and they produced growth. The muscle growth in the short term, untrained subjects that was equivalent to a traditional three sets of 10 type of program. Just contracting the muscle. Of course, there were co-contractions of the triceps because you can't contract the biceps and not have elbow flexion unless the triceps resist that across the elbow joint. So they didn't get, they didn't get, get growth in the triceps that turned up the control group, lost triceps size. So something weird was going on there. There's no reason that should happen. But they were thinking they might actually get growth in the triceps, too. Triceps is produced a little more torque about the elbow. So it wasn't that, they were doing maximal effort. I think for like 30 seconds. Something like a each set. That's like the end of a DC training set where you do the post-negatives or partials. 30 seconds is pretty close to all out. There's sets where like that. It was actually effective time under tension. It was maximal effort throughout the full range of motion. They could do that because the triceps allowed it, allowed that torque to be produced around the elbow joint while they maximally contracted their biceps. Think about the fact that you can, at least with the biceps, biceps is an easy one. Getting around to the point here with with, whooes. Now back is just, always been for so many people, the hardest muscle to connect with. You can't see it. It's hard to feel it. We're kind of hard wired to first pull and move things to ourselves with our arms. Our back is there. It's funny. Always his name. You look sometimes at the backs of power lifters who were just brutally strong on a deadlift. Johnny Jackson is someone for instance. This is anecdotal evidence, but some of the best backs, you look at that guy and he's the guy that can deadlift the freaking house. Yeah, you absolutely know we can. Deadlifts on paper have horrible range of motion for the lats, right? And there's not an intent unless you, you can do this way, of course. You can do partial racked-ups and you know, squeeze the top and lots of bodybuilders do that. There's actually nothing wrong with that. But really strong deadlifters work their way up to really heavy heavy loads and they're not even doing the high rep. High rep deadlifts will just freaking destroy your lats. Oh, yeah. And then in that topic I've talked before, but some of those guys trained the lats because everything gets activated doing a deadlift in that way because they're training so hard and you're so much effort, right? And they're not even intending to have a mind muscle connection. I don't know if or is does deadlifts or does racked-ups, you'll be interesting to see. But those guys get activation because the exercise forces it to happen even though it's not intentionally a lat, a lat exercise. So it's funny that those guys without trying to get big backs and up getting big backs. I mean, they want big back extension strength, et cetera, et cetera. But it comes along for the ride. And you have guys who are trying to train the the lats who don't have a good mind muscle connection, which I guess is the case with Ours, according to Stefan, Kintu. And he just needs to figure that out some way shape reform. And it's funny. I mean, obviously, they probably have had, in fact, I've seen a video, a several years old, a scene of video of Stefan running Ours through a back training session. Yeah. And he said that you don't over time, he has developed that. Like, he's got it now. But that, yeah, that's the thing that when they get together, he mentioned that on the podcast, that they train back together to keep, you know, ingraining that. And the way that I've looked at it, it's got is that it's like, if we've done, like, your guy that was a construction worker, and he's lifted up, how many heavy things in his life? Like, we can't even count him, right? Or we take somebody who's done a pull down and never grown their lats from that pull down, but they've been training for a long time. I was that guy. I can't even count how many reps I did, but we can say thousands, you know, hundreds of sets in thousands and thousands of reps. It's like if we were walking through the woods, I would have worn a path through that woods. And every time that we walk in the woods, guess what I'm going to do, I'm going to go to the path because that's what I do. It's just the easiest way to get from point A to point B. But I think what we're talking about to like, to retrain that, it's like creating, and I'm not saying this from a scientific point of view, but I imagine that we're creating like a new neural pathway in our brain, do something different than we always have. And as a result, it's going to be the equivalent of not walking on that path, but instead taking, like, we have to move sticks out of the way, and the grass is long, but if we do it next week, it'll be a little bit easier. And the next week, it'll be a little or next workout, you know, it'll be a little bit easier. And eventually we'll wear that new path in, you know what I'm saying? And that's what I think that Ours has done now is worn that new path in, but, you know, it's a matter of time is what it comes down to, you know? Yeah, there's a saying in neuroscience, so it's sort of a layperson saying, but the work neurons that fire together, wire together. So that's how neural pathways develop. And they're the things that that's basically how our perceptions, our misconceptions, the reality come into being, we're used to seeing certain things, preceding certain things, and then we create stereotypes, and we have comforts, and so from a developmental perspective, we talk normal times now about your calves, right? You just tended to walk for whatever reason on your calves, and now your calves, so they developed in that way, but also neurologically, they're really, you just use them on pressing movements. You stand up on them when you're to excite ladders, all these kinds of things. I shrug. Yesterday, I'm doing shrugs, and I could feel myself going up on my toes. Yeah, right. You have all this, this neural outflow, and it's spill over, basically, as I turn this used sometimes, and you've got so much drive to try to lift the weight up that your calves get activated. Like the neural pathways say, oh, we're going up, let's activate the calves. So you get higher, right? It just has automatically. On the other side, if someone, for whatever reason, not to go down this pathway, but sometimes there's some ideas in neuroscience, in the cycle logical realm that there will be, in the body, we will manifest someone's psychological tendency to take things in and accept things or push things away based on their childhood and their family of origin. So if you see someone, I know someone who would maybe, at one point, looked at these pieces to try to understand someone's psychological makeup. If you see someone who's got a lot of really strong triceps, naturally, are well developed, they are used to pushing things away. And you can imagine their kids who are like, get away from me, push away, like, pushing the world away from them. That's how. That's extension types of things, right? Yeah. So I'm not trying to do a archer of psychoanalysis of yours, but the way in which probably biomechanically, your best advantage or the things that you do growing up, like who knows? I say this now, my lats, like most muscles have been torn, but back was always a strength for me. And I was a swimmer, right? Chest was always a weakness for me. We didn't hardly ever, we did pushups, like once in a balloon balloon was swimming, but I didn't do any until I started training, but I started swimming at a very young age. Lots of lats exercises. I always connect easily with the lats for me. Wasn't a problem. I grew up and training those motor pathways. There's a neuroplasticity that is available. You see this with like language learning, of course, kids don't even have to. You take a five year old and plop them into a new culture with a new language and they're up to speed in a year with the six year olds. You take a 45 year old, plop them into that culture. They never get up to speed with the native speaker. They never quite get there. Many times as they're just don't even even start. That's a function. It's various things, but part of it's neuroplasticity. It's harder to learn things to owe to you yet. I imagine Stefan and Oras are trying to overcome there to some degree is the fact that Oras has maybe been training his back, using his arms and his posterior delt, and his terries major, instead of using his lats. Now they're rewiring those things. That involves both active learning how to activate the lats better, as well as deactivate the other muscles that he's used to pull it. That was another point he made, too, is that those other muscles are going to want to, and you feel that. Those other muscles want to take over and let the weak muscle continue staying weak. There's a neat coat. It's a young up and coming German body builder. And there's a video of him training back. I was shook at my wrist last name. The German listress will know I'm talking about probably. Yeah, comment guys. Comment for us. Yeah. And they're showing he doesn't have good shoulder girdle flexibility. But there's a video of him training back. His delta, frigging gigantic. And he's trying to do a lap pull down. And they're trying to teach him how to use his back. And he's just going to like this. He's like going like that. And like, literally like this, you can tell. Because he can't do that. He just can't get there. And he pulls with this posterior delt. And he's so strong when they, I can't remember the numbers. He's doing the stack like this. He's beast. But when they actually got him to engage his lats and try to turn it off his boistern. He's using like 30 pounds or like three plates. Something like that, right? So 60 pounds, 66 pounds. Yeah. Hey, and the same can be true in our pressing with those shoulders, right? Like how many people start out with, you know, they're, they're first big body part that pops out for them is those delts. But then the chest is still concave. You know, that's like a super common, like early level of development look that you see in people, you know? Yeah. So all those things kind of need to be rewired. And you can do that. There's actually a study where they were able to ask people to turn for instance, it's not quite the same. But turn off the traps and doing a side lateral type of movement and just use the delts and people can do that if you ask them to. And there's two studies that I've talked about several times where they have people doing bench pressing. And they look at EMG across loads up to about 80% of a one-rette max. And they can selectively push more and activate the triceps versus the pecs up until you get really heavy. When you get to 80% then you have to start activating both those muscles. It's probably difficult, neurologically, to activate one of the other. Also, the weight, so heavy, you have to kind of call in all the muscles that are available because it's based on a one-rette max where you're using everything you can activate. So you're just encouraging on a combined strategy of activating both pecs and triceps. But at lighter loads and this is maybe what Stefan's doing with Ores, you can have preferential activation of the triceps, for instance versus the pecs. The muskletters little more complex in the back versus the posterior delt. I haven't seen a study where they looked at posterior delts. That was, that didn't really, that was a kind of a bizarre study. I don't want to bring that one to play. But if you got more posterior delt or terries or whatever activation and you're not pulling with the lats, you're going to have to learn how to deactivate those. And you can do that. It's totally doable. Touch training, like that can work for some people. I mean, I was doing this to myself the other day. Since my hip surgery, there's, I still have numbness on my lateral quad on both sides. That's a side effect that supposedly usually goes away in a year, but it's still there for me and my vassus lateralis is not, it's specifically, it's electrically afterfying. It's getting smaller. My limits still training legs. But I can just see that the overall shape amongst all the tears is, is morphing as the lateralis gets even smaller. But what I do when I do my occlusion stretches, so I get pull one ankle back and I'm stretching the quad, extending my hip out, so I'm getting the rectus for more stretch. And then I contract the quad. And this is how occlusion stretches happen in fortitude training. You do like in the closure stretch for your lap. You grab something at the angle what you want where you can then pull the lat into a stretch and contract it and you can contract it where you want to. In a stretched position. I could have a solid something, like a bar on a frame of a machine or something like that. And I could pull and I could see I'm going to try to make this a middle back effort for me. Or I could make it more of a little back effort and I'm probably going to grab higher and do that. When I was doing my quad stretch, for instance, I am intentionally trying to activate the lateralis and what I was doing this was just yesterday. I'm in that stretch position and I was tapping on the muscle. And there's like a study with cats, there's reflex arcs that come back because obviously I can tell where I'm pressing, although it is still numb. I can tell where I'm pressing. There's sensory arcs that then feedback is potentially this is sort of really sort of secondary evidence, but potentially to the motor neurons that then feed the muscle underlying the skin. So there's some neural circuitry that you can tap into. And of course, you're actually pressing on the muscle too when you're doing that. So this is basically just simply biophie back. Yeah, so that's something that can be done in this scenario where you got a muscle that just doesn't want to fire. Right? It's tap on that. It's a weight that suck her up and provide some biofeedback. This is where you need to be feeling this and that can help people then to activate the muscle in question. So yeah, there's so many trainers you see to a special human on women who get in there like touching everything like this is this is a licensed to go poking people or you inappropriate. Yeah, it's good those glutes firing. Yeah, it doesn't have to be a whole hand grass. Yeah, a couple fingers here, you know, get the upper glutes, you know, and you know, be professional about how you do it. Guys, let's talk about intro workout carbs and saving money. So like the past 10, 15 years intro workouts become super popular. It's a great way to support pre workout insulin use. It's great for recovery and it's great for endurance and those long workouts. Here's the thing it's really expensive. It's not only expensive for us, it's expensive for supplement companies. They really don't make a lot of money off of it. That's where true nutrition comes in. So true nutrition, they're not only a retailer. They're also a manufacturer. They're actually making a lot of the products that you guys are already buying from other companies. So just think about it. You're going to cut out the middle man. The only thing you're going to miss out on is the fancy labels and the branding. Outside of that, you're getting the exact same high quality products, but you're getting it directly from the source. If you're going to pay for the price of highly-branched liquid dexterin, ensure that you're getting 25 grams per scoop, not of a mix of carbs, but just of highly-branched liquid dexterin. We can mix the other stuff in later. You know, use our code, think, get some savings plus it's like voting for us. Let's know that you support what we're doing. But so yeah, so that's we have that spectrum. We have like the notion that you have no choice in the matter. The muscle will just be activated based on the neuromocanical matching principle and biomocanics. And there is certainly something to that. I think if you take people in the wild who are untrained and say, hey, do this exercise and just try to do it. They're obviously, there has to be some, I mean, it's not just random which muscles that cross that joint get activated. So function of their moment arms and of course of their physiological cross-sectional area. So what they're relative, I mean, one thing interestingly enough is we, there's much more than just the biomocanics to this. We have the relative size and the muscles of the physiological cross-sectional area. If you've got a really big muscle and a really small muscle, you know, you may say, well, the smart and move is to use the really big muscle. Unless maybe that really small muscle at lower and typically at those lower force levels, the dated activity, that really small muscle has lots of type one fibers in it. It's very endurance oriented. So maybe during day-to-day walking or just going upstairs in those sorts of things, that those fibers or that muscle that extends the hip, I'm speaking just theoretically here, thinking of a strategy like the normal strategy might be to use the smaller muscle. Actually, interestingly enough, in rats, this doesn't, I've never seen this in humans, but in rats in the calf, there's a section of the gastrochneemius, the big calf muscle, yeah? That is red and then there's another section that's white. You can see you can separate those two and they're often, in the older studies, at least they've been often used or analyzed separately. White gastrochneem and red gastrochneem, red is endurance oriented. It's got more mild, low-bent and capillaries or mitochondria type one fibers and the white is the opposite. Literally at low intensity efforts like running a slow running on a treadmill, you will use the red gastrochneem it's used first and then the only when you speed up and sprint does the white gastrochneem. So literally a singular muscle has in this case kind of a low gear and a high gear based on speed and effort. So that the relative fiber composition of different muscles crossing a joint plays a role too, because we've got hennaman size principle, it's going to call on motor units based on the effort level that's required to balance all the joints forces across the joint and as things get effort, more effortful across the course of a set, you're going to have a strategy allows you to continue to do those repetitions. So for instance, now pulling this back to like, or let's say he uses his posterior delts instead of his lads. I don't know if he's past that now but in the past, right? Yeah, that's just how we did it or it's all the other muscles other than the lads. Well he starts doing this exercise and he's like first few reps he's good he's got a good mind muscle connection, right? The efforts levels are low and then when the set starts to get harder his brain just says naturally this is a smart strategy to continue to do repetitions other muscles need to be called into play, right? So those other muscles that aren't the lat that are probably already because he's been using them for so many years in the course of his lifetime and in training up to that point those muscles are better equipped to move those loads because they're larger and they're better trained. So the mind muscle connection gets lost when the efforts get high. Yeah and that's the hard part when you get into that crucible and those last few reps and I think I heard from the quote from Stefan, he was talking about that's you talk about what is intensity in triass. Yes, you have effort. It's in those final moments of a set where the effort is getting the maximal where you're trying to maintain the mind muscle connection on the muscle you're trying to target and that's what good exercises, good good machines will allow you to do. You don't have to try to turn off the muscles that your body and your brain in particular is trying to bring into the movement. The exercise just allows you to do that because it doesn't have a bizarre resistance curve or what have you. But touch training will help with that and that's where you really like have to be focused at the beginning it's easy when the reps are easy or with lighter load no problem. But at the end there when your body says it's like this is what happens when people start to squat, they're squatting nice and deep and they're upright and then all said and they start leaning you know and they start cutting short and the other range of motion. Body is trying to do the I think the term was like that that intensity is what is truly exhausting. To be able to use that target muscle all the way through until you've exhausted that you can only do so much of that and then he went on further to say like so I mean realistically if that's what you're doing how can you do that more than a couple sets. And it makes sense. You can only do that so many times before it's like man I'm done with this and you just know because I guess that's kind of a different topics but you know I almost feel like you know how do you get that volume down that's a question that I think people come to us about is like well if I'm doing four sets how do I do less volume how do I know that it's enough you know and the best way I can say is like you just you know like I've done you know sets and I know like am I going to be able to get a third set that's going to be like of the quality of these last two man. No I'm I'm shot like there's no more out of this. Yeah yeah yeah you'll see your rep structure especially if you're going to feel you're seeing your rep drop off and then if you're true to yourself and you say okay I'm going to try a third set and you know I got 12 reps before I'm going to hopefully I'll get 10 and you get to like six and you're like okay you're doing all sorts of stuff you're skirmering around you don't have that you can't you don't you just lost your focus you just know it's not there that's right there okay time is on melts you just you can if you're honest like that I lost my focus lost my train you know when you lose your train I thought right because you know you just can't think of the next thing to say it's just not there right you know if you're honest you know when you've shifted your mind muscle connection has been lost and you're just trying to beat the logbook right we're just trying to get the reps I still think to some degree as long as you're not going to injure yourself in terms of training effort people can go too far right you can also be like oh they don't overload their overload the psychological aspect of learning how to be effortful and intense and discipline during those sets so they do the set and this is where you know reps and reserve you know could be poorly estimated it's like oh I'm starting now I'm done that's it I'm not going to like I'm not going to not going to have to shift it into the next psychological gear to stay laser focused on the target muscle I'm trying to hit and people just will just stop so sometimes in order to you there is a whole other realm of effort when you do go past perfect form perfect mind muscle connection you learn how to weather the metabolic storm so to speak of you know especially high rep stuff or large muscle group stuff where you like you know you feel like your head's going to explode you're about to die or you end up having to lie in the ground for two minutes afterwards where you throw up there is something that can be gained from pushing there and sometimes the reps do get a little sloppy not that you're trying to do sloppy reps and an ideal sense you're able to have just as much effort with the perfect form at the same time but in root sometimes you need to do you know call it over speed trading you know this one thing sometimes I don't know if they do this with sprinters like people as soon as we'll try to run downhill where they can have faster leg turnover because leg turnover obviously plays a role you know so but there are forms a little bit there are not that's not the same you don't run 100 meter dashes on a down slow pride yeah faster leg turnover I don't even know if this is even used I'm just using this as a analogy so okay it sounded like a thing like I was doing it has been a thing I don't know if that's the current state of the science of how people do sprint training anymore okay right they also you can get perish parachutes you know that slow you down so you have to work on your leg drive there's all sorts of things but the idea would be then if you really learn how to just push hard in general despite the fact that your mind muscle connection you know might not be perfect there's something to be gained there in terms of mental resilience as long as you remember that the idea is to hit the target muscle not to just to drive it unless you're just want to drive yourself into oblivion and just to stroke yourself some people that's kind of why they go into the gym is for the therapeutic side so to speak and they don't have much of that but that's a good thing and for a weak muscle group I think it yeah it makes sense like it if you let's say quads here weak muscle group and you're using squats you know and you've just doing sloppy heavy ass partial range of motion squats you've been doing it for years and you're not going anywhere your quads aren't increasing got to probably try you've you've you've you're training yourself into absolute oblivion you're throwing up after squat workouts you're using just massive poundages but you don't have the right exercise you don't have the right my muscle connection with with this approach to target your quads then that's an extreme example of kind of pissing in the wind that would be a case where someone could go okay that's not working for me let's go to the other side try to find choose exercises where I can't pull my lower back into it I'm going to do some comp on exercises maybe maybe get on a hips led or I start doing unilateral stuff or what have you and then focus on the mind muscle connection focus on full range of motion find the right loading curve for the exercises you should use et cetera but anyway my point was don't take it too far and just like say if I have the slightest inkling of a thought that maybe I'm losing my mind muscle tension oh this has done it's like no that's the effort for part where you have to sort of overcome that little sorry German the word is shithead of whoant that little piglet in the back your head to mind that says oh just give up buddy just stop it yeah yeah yeah and I think that's maybe kind of part of the fear of anybody who would be against the idea of really trying to focus on that target muscle because it would be so easy for somebody to say like oh I lost the connection I'm done you know and they just they they don't they don't fight for it yeah I'll take it a step further to those got I remember something I learned from big Dave Smith in the chest press was you know one of my issues with that movement was not going deep enough and at a certain depth you know as those elbows get low enough I'm no longer able to recruit the triceps and the shoulders the way I can when everything's kind of pushed further up so it is thought to me was that you want to activate the or start began the exercise with that target muscle knowing that the shoulders the triceps are going to get recruited as you are pushing up and from there you can kind of like not build momentum but kind of add drive into it control drive into it as everything does get into that stronger less vulnerable position but also so it is thought was like well you are doing a compound movement so you are going to use the shoulders and the triceps and the chest press even if you're trying to target the test but if you focus on that target muscle first activate that target muscle first and that's what I then you know there's an element of like being able to have what's the word I'm looking for like having faith then you know what I mean that yeah that my body is going to do what I need it to do right I guess and and I kind of applied that to my back training as well with that lap pull down because I can't just only isolate the perfectly isolate just the lat but I can try to focus on the lat you know but at the end of the day everything else is going to get worked to I guess there's there's there's there's an arn and science to it I think all right and initiating the the the movement with the target muscle like David said like you just said absolutely and can continue to do that like if you if you paralyze your triceps right and you try to do a chest press like that you just drop the dumbbells under it head it wouldn't be okay fall way out like yeah I mean you have to it has to be some it has to be some arming engagement right to some degree yeah but also throughout the movement too and this is this is sort of the next level to having like the appropriate mind muscle connection throughout the movement is you're doing the chest press your focus is still on the chest it still pecs I mean this is why why Romans way of doing things is really kind of brilliant because you just you just avoid the range of motion where it could get iffy the range of motion isn't is what was brought up in up max mytson brought this up in a reaction video is like some people are going to end up they're going to do a reps like this right and they're going to call those reps because they're just just doing it right Roman is is is honest he's been doing this he's not going to short he's going to get full range of motion and he'll push through to that same range of motion like a machine like a piston same rep first rep looks like the last rep but there is something to say basically with what you can do is give yourself almost a form of a forced repetition so you start off the first reps are all easy there's minimal tricep activity right and then the chest starts to fatigue somewhat you're still got a chest focus right there might be some tricep involvement that is progressively goes up that would make sense right as the peck fatigues then the tricep involved would go up and you could eventually get to the point where now it becomes more of a tricep movement because the chest is so so fatigue so this is the art is as you continue towards failure you get to this point where it's like okay I'm no longer doing these repetitions with my chest this is becoming a tricep press and the ability to do that actually is amplified if you've done a good job of leaving the triceps out during the first part of the set because now they're fresh right so now now you you could and and I'll tell you what strategy something I do just to shorten training times this sort of thing I do this a lot it's kind of people could try this at home just for shits and grins I will do sets where I do a perfect mind muscle connection I'm training I this is all in internal focus right and then I end the set there and then I say now I'm going to mechanically it seems the same now I'm going to allow myself I will transition if you're mocking that would be the end of the set I got 11 reps or whatever right yeah now I'll transition now I'm going to try to do several more reps I'm going to allow myself to bring the other muscles in so the chest is pre-fateed and now the triceps and anterior and delves can go and now I I can get maybe half as many reps sometimes when I do that depends on the exercise the day and how far I'm in the workout right okay and but I'm still focusing on the chest but now I'm just allowing so cap to sort of release the governor on the triceps and the other muscles and that basically is like bringing in a partner I got my brain you know I got my hands you know your going and I'm bringing in a partner and doing and doing forced repetitions right because now the tricep or the tricep and shoulder are helping you to get another rep up allow you to then control that negative with the pack go beyond failure basically it's beyond line muscle connection failure no that is 100% what we do and I hadn't I had never put it into that context before but you are so absolutely right that that is the key to taking that intensity in that target muscle to the next level it really is man and I think that's like for someone to do that like because some people like we're pretty obsessive as bodybuilders like I want to make sure I got everything out of that set is just say okay here's what we're going to do I'm going to do a perfect set with the mind muscle connection until I start to feel like I'm not doing that and I and I reached that internal out the sense that this is now becoming something that's only going to continue to find start bringing in the accessory muscles auxiliary muscles in a way that doesn't really target the muscle I'm trying to hit right but now I'm going to do the four straps and then just bang them out and so then you get the scraps that itch afterwards and you do get some effective time-undertension I think in the target muscle because it still has to be involved absolutely yeah so but then but then I think in doing that if someone were to do that regularly and I and I've been doing this for years this way just sort of to kind of keep myself in check right okay what's the difference when I'm just with an external focus just doing the exercise and just bringing everything in like a power lift or wood versus with an internal focus and there is a study from Brad shown field where they where they had better muscle growth with an internal focus and he was with the biceps again versus just trying to move the weight through the range of motions versus trying to focus internally on getting a good biceps contraction yeah and then I can see that start difference right because I do it one way I trust myself to go to failure in that sense and then I then I just release the governors on the other muscles and say okay wow and you see the start contrast because literally I mean you think well you were just sandbag and like you know that failure points I was just doing this very differently it was a very different type of internal focus type of execution neurologically and then I just went to an external focus and allow the other muscles to come into play and you get four straps with that target muscle essence I do that on the end of a workout if I wanted to do more it with my you know training in my home gym I've got a bunch of great stuff but it it is limited to a degree and I was told in skip and Andrew about this exercise not too long ago but I you've made me realize kind of a step further I'm almost doing kind of like like force reps that by doing these controlled negatives I'll put the shoulder saver pad on my straight bar on in handclin and I did this first with Shelby years back and it would be at the end of the chest workout where then drive it up hard lock out at the top and then a slow controlled pack you know all pack focus negative back down to the chest dead stop it on the chest drive it up hard all the way up to the top and then slow controlled four like four second negative down to the chest dead stop and it is it's it's an everything push up and then it's a chest up there yeah and you try to bring it up and then you're making using your chest to lower it yeah and it's not a lot of weight you know and you know if I'm using like a plate per side like that's that's difficult you know to do these with when I'm already freaking taxed you know they with them with the amount of squeeze and control that I'm trying to use so it's also a situation where like I'm not really a big bench press barbell bench press fan I will definitely mess up my shoulder with that but with the the weight that I'm using it's like I can push that up as many times as I want you know I always have control of that another fun sort of it's kind of a leverage drop set style strategy reminded me of are is to do dumbbell flies and maybe cut the range of motion short all over the Roman until you get to failure and then go to push flies or press flies or you press up oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah so you go to failure with the flies and then you just help yourself up with the press and you could you could do those in time to go and until you go to eccentric failure basically yeah yeah those are brutal too yeah yeah that would be that's right yeah so yeah all what you said like you're basically you're you're switching modes in fact in the brain the areas of activity in the motor cortex responsible for concentric versus eccentric contractions for a given muscle group are different yeah there's different or they're not he's there's the same neurons that well there's a different motor recruitment pattern you have to use using less fibers on an eccentric than on a concentric all of the things being equal but there's different activity patterns up in the brain as well controlling all of that so you can see that you can see different areas of activity so you're and you're doing this consciously with that exercise you just described like you're like okay get it up just lift it up you know try to set shoulders whatever and then I'll do the controlled mind muscle focus on the pecs during the eccentric it's like okay that's done switch switch over yeah come the spotter on the way up and then I become on the lift or the way down yeah absolutely yeah yeah so I hope that I hope that everybody listening right now appreciates this conversation because this was freaking deep stuff if I've just got I've been doing this for a long time right and I think about this stuff every day in deep detail and I am still learning every time we do one of these shows and it's it's putting pieces together of the things that I'm already doing it's giving me ideas of new things to try I really do hope that you guys are really listen to this and I hope you tell me are you are you guys getting this away I'm getting this because there's some good stuff in here yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah let's get a hell yeah in the comments if you guys are connected to this one the thing I was gonna say is the question one might ask based on which is talked about is are you the lifter or are you the spotter okay are you trying to lift the weight with the target muscles are you just trying to make sure the weight moves from point A to point B which is what a spotter would do is make sure you get out of the hole where would have you you're the you're the spotter on that exercise just describing getting up and you're the lifter on the way down are you the lifter throughout your exercises or are you basically more like a spotter you're just doing whatever it takes them like you see people doing these you know look look look at the guys bench pressing you know eight plates beside and he's got two spotters and everyone's lifting the weight for him right are you lifting and weight with the muscles that you intend to lift it with that you intend to make grow or are you basically like those spotters that are just pulling the weight up and down for you along the way yeah so yeah that would be even like a t-shirt are you the lifter or are you the spotter yeah yeah most things like that we've burnt through a whole show talking about this one topic you realize that we've been criticized I saw a criticism of that somebody was like a whole hour on Nick Walker's training I think guys and I forget what was but someone else made a very nice comment this is exactly why I tune in to muscle lines because it's because it's a deep dive so you need to put in the little warning you know this is potentially a deep dive and you can be wasting cognitive resources if you try to listen to the old thing so watch out be aware you're rancored and drained afterwards or maybe inspired hopefully the latter yeah yeah hopefully hopefully that's it you know and and I'll tell you what man this level of thought isn't for everybody because we're not all in the place where it makes sense yeah you know what I mean yeah yeah I mean that's okay too yeah I don't want to I mean sound like intellectually up it or something like that but yeah this is there's a certain you have to have to develop a taste for this somebody will don't give a rat's ass about thinking things through with this detail but this is why I call it bodybuilding brain candy right yeah to some degree this is just it's candy for your brain like it's it tastes good it's yummy it lights it all up is it necessary is it all that nourishing you do you have to be listening to this no for some people it's too nourishment I think because yeah they're like there are a tinker like me there's some people just want to drive the hot rod and there's some people who want to tinker with and and be their own mechanic so to speak be their own bodybuilding coach I might be somewhere in between where I like the intuitive got process of figuring it out but then I can come to a conversation like this and get an explanation for why the thing that works works for me um um um science there's both art science yeah yeah that's really what it is that's really what it is guys I appreciate you tuning in man yeah I was saying I'll say this is interesting because sometimes the scientists and the artists speak different languages or so it seems but they're they're they're they're they'll grow up in the same country and the same city they're speaking the same language they're just haven't learned how to communicate with one another or open their minds for the possibility that they're living in the same universe right so I had a professor in college photography professor and he said photography is the bastard child of art and science and it really is because you're using you're using math equations and in exposures and chemical reactions either chemical reactions from the light to the silver haloid crystal not anymore now we're hitting digital sensors um and chemicals in the dark room you can modulate those chemicals the amount of time that something is left into a developer you know all these things there it's all using science to get a to you to create something to create this piece of art to communicate something and man I've always thoughts got that we do the exact same thing in bodybuilding be it in the gym be it in our nutrition be it with PEDs like all of this stuff it's the bastard child of art and science it really is yeah it Robert Pyrrsy wrote the book Zen in the Art of motorcycle maintenance I love that book yeah so you know about this um is notion of quality which is sort of this in ethical characteristic and he talked about it I think initially in the book in the context of essay writing he was a college professor and he get essays and sometimes he tried to grade those objectively you know yeah and like this is you get a 92 or you get this grader what have you and sometimes there is an an ethical quality that you can sense that you would just see as when observing a piece of art right you see that photograph and there's just something to that this this is certain quality that we as human beings can perceive and I see it now for instance in at least at this point in some of the things that are AI generated you see letters there's just sort of a generic quality although it sounds it's grammatically correct it sounds right it seems right but there's just a quality that's missing there's a there's a it's lacking in personality in some way shape perform and so are we getting all philosophical here now but but bodybuilding is like you could figure out you don't have to have you know read through this science to figure it out the things we're talking about you know the you know brain activity during concept except you could you could you could just basically intuit those things over the course of time like one of the things Roman mentioned that is that he has figured out because he's been very meticulous with looking at what works and what doesn't work is that he benefits more from higher reps when it comes to chest and dealt okay it's not the only person with that but that works for him right that runs counter to the idea that there's being profit based on some some for various reasons that five date reps is where you should start off with well that's a good starting point I think anyone saying like that's all that would work but Roman figured out would work through him because he's an art his bodybuilding artist right yeah who also keeps meticulous records and knows exactly what he's doing so you could you could intuit all those things and come to your own conclusions as a pure artist but what what I kind of find interesting is I have kind of an artist mindset and I look into the science to try to see how that information flows into the in the way which we perceive reality as bodybuilders that this works and this doesn't work yeah and try not to cherry pick too much I do pick studies knowing the study suggests that this phenomenon there's a reason for this phenomenon that people perceive works better than this this it's evidence that it does it does a work for that way for everybody know but yeah you're also quick to point out the opposite too in that study show you guys make a decision at the end which really frustrate their listeners sometimes yeah yeah that that's I mean that's that I was listening to something this morning it was a German kind of a documentary and like there's some evidence that's coming into being suggesting that some of Einstein's theories need to be devised or amended to some degree right okay and the whole idea was that even at its very nature we're never going to know how the universe actually works you know and our theories are always going to have to be updated that's that we just we keep on kind of approximating as best we can given this basic premise that we actually are not living in some sort of an artificial simulation right now we could all be living in a matrix that's just set up to make us to give us these fanciful notions that we can figure out how the universe works but that's kind of the fun part of it is like I've got the lab of my own body and the gym and you know tinkering in my garage and then I can also go online or I can go into the science in this case and figure out oh this is how this works and this is how this works and I can bring that back to my personal lab and that back in fourth between those two worlds is where where I dance and play and draw and paint and sculpt so to speak with the information I present and with I do what I you know used to do more actively before I'd be myself to a pulp when I was you know actually engaging in competitive bodybuilding at the same time so but yeah there's there's art like the science is really never less than I'll just say because I've grumble for a while here but is people like say we proved this was science this is something that Gary Dudley mentioned to me is like you really don't you have mathematical proofs physics might say we've proven the existence of this particular particle because we we found it at one particular so that's sort of our proof but otherwise science is just approximating what may happen or what did happen but it's not proving it's just substantiating notions or or then refuting those hypotheses potentially and that's the beauty of it is like you're always in the state like I don't really know but hopefully we're mirroring some semblance of what we could call a truth yeah yeah and it's only when I think people are honest with how they present the science that we can understand that versus I think the pack which is a whole other topic the whole sales package of follow the science follow the evidence base this is how you will know beyond a shadow of a doubt that this is exactly what you need to do here is the formula and go you know yeah that's much more easy to sell than some of the stuff we talk about yeah that is guys we appreciate your tuning in thank you for being here and like like Scott said give us a hell yeah if you connect it to this one and you've figured something out or you connected something something you were already doing in the gym and you're like oh that's exactly what's going on here let us know or if you found something new that you're gonna give a try to and definitely check out b y o b b coach dot com that Scott's book or you can get the hard cover up with the link in the description for that over Amazon and of course supplement source dot c a four Canadians great deals that change week to week and close uh close outs and short dated products uh true nutrition dot com use our code think on all your basic body building supplements you're gonna need protein get it from true nutrition use our code think to get 10% off and to support our programming and of course thank you to everybody from patreon you guys are freaking awesome we appreciate you load us up with questions for patreon on that next episode and we got a bunch of more stuff coming up on muscle minds guys for another episode of the program i'll see you soon thank you Scott as always we're welcome as always and you guys have a nice day in the live stream thanks for joining us oh yeah for sure we have a lot of comments didn't we that was bad at we did