And it is true, you know, it's been over a year, it will be over a year since I last competed. So you don't have that fresh look, but also it's, I think it's doing the vantage, you know, for me. I always like, I'm much rather coming as the underdog a little forgotten than somebody that everyone that's, you know, is expecting something right? So it gives me a great opportunity for my first Olympia, you know, not too much, not too much pressure besides what I put on myself, which is perfect and show up with my best physically and honestly, and I have a great time doing it, man. Hey, everybody, welcome to It's Just Body Building. I'm Big Ron Parlo, of course, I'm here with Dusty Handshot and the producers Scott McNally, like, share, subscribe, comment, and the bell. Yes, and remember, I am mutant.com, go to I am mutant.com and get your ISO surge, hardcore ISO, the new name, get your MindFK, and of course, everyone should get on the gear. All gear. Get on the gear. Okay, code's Dusty Code Big Ron. Save money, avoid people. On the show today, thank you. He's going to the Olympia or something. Brett Wilken, what's going on? Got somewhere to be in a couple weeks. Yeah, I feel like that's the focus is on right now for sure, we'll excitement. So let's go here. Talk about it today, man. I haven't done a podcast this entire prep. It's been a busy one with a movie and stuff. I wouldn't talk about it a little bit, Scott, I'm in the up last week. I was like, is it time my pop on and top body building? I was still like to do this when I can and especially with you guys. So I'm happy to be here today. Well, we brought your name up several times on the show. Like, you, I wonder if your ears are, you know, ears are hearing it because, you know, we did an episode of Little Wally Go Me and Scott talked about, people you should be following, right? And you were on the list, you know, for training content and your name comes up a lot. And then we had Hunter on last week and he mentioned that, you know, he said, wow, you know, with Brett and Martin eating weights every day, you know, there's something going like he made a comment about you guys training your ass off and, you know, killing it in the gym and everyone's got their eye on what you're doing and it's very motivating content. So if all for just that, thank you. Yeah, no, I did watch that while you guys did last week. That you did, I think your explanation was pretty perfect of like we, we still need a few of these fellas. That's what, that's what it's going to change now. Yeah, you know, it's like, you know, Brett and, you know, I'm not, I'm not the smartest guy out there. You know, it comes to train stuff. I know a thing or two, but you said it perfect. It's like, Brett just has that, you know, let's just do another one, just kind of fucking chether up real quick. You know, I mean, like, just make sure, just to make sure there's nothing left. You know, that kind of describes a lot of what of our training has been, you know, two, a point obviously we're not, the crazy part about it is everyone's things were crazy and stuff. It's just like neither Martin or I have ever actually got my knockout with like seriously hurt while training, right? Yeah. You still know exactly what we're doing when it comes to controlling the loadage, you know, execution and things like that, but it's the intensity that we bring to those sets with control. That's kind of what our continued focus has been for over the years. Don't stop what works and honestly, at the end of the day, train the way you want to train, man. You know, now that I'm 10 years deep in this, you guys, you know, 15, 20 years into this, it's like, I would have quit a long time ago if I would have just done what the notebook said or whatever. You know, I mean, like we, we built our own processes here and we, we, we, we, we die on our sword, man. So day, when I'm done with all my bodybuilding journey, I'm going to be, I'm going to be confident that I did it the way I wanted it to do and that's, you know, train the way I want to do. Well, let the right examples to everybody out there that, you know, the hard work does, it does work and you can grow that way. There's many different ways to train different, many different philosophies, but in a day, the hard work, the execution is going to be what shines through. Yeah. And you guys, you know, you, you never, you know, you're just trying to be a great bodybuilder, right? You're just trying to be the best bodybuilder you can. And you, you know, some guys have a reputation for, you know, this or that, but how do you feel about like, you're like, oh, I'm one of the, like, my reputation is killing it in the gym. Like, that's a, you know, that's something I think we all want it. We all wanted that. And, you know, you can't give that reputation to yourself that reputation follows you around. So how do you, how do you feel about that? Just being one of those guys or people really respect your training and your efforts. And that's why people follow you. And, you know, you kind of found yourself here. Yeah. I mean, like, if you think about you can't be the best bodybuilder in the world, like, you might as well be the best bodybuilder's favorite bodybuilder, right? You know, if you don't have the genetics to possibly be that, that least show the examples of everything else besides the genetic portion of bodybuilding that you're doing it correctly. You're setting the example. This is, this is how it's done and people want to watch you to mimic that, right? So that's something I try to, you know, always, always try to emphasize in my day to day is like, obviously, you know, genetically, proportionally, you know, clavically, like, I'm not going to be the best physically made up bodybuilder in the world, right? But what can I do to close that gap? What are all these little extra things that I can close that gap with conditioning with, be say, if say it posing, you know, with waste control, all those things. So it's just, it's, it's cool to know that like a lot of people follow me just because of they see the importance of what I'm able to, you know, what I'm able to do behind my day to day life and I love it, man. I, you know, obviously, I don't have millions of millions of followers, but my engagement is insane when it comes to people that follow me for the right reasons. And yeah, I have a very, very loyal fan base and especially, I feel like, because I can provide something, you know, and that's why I try to do on my YouTube and if you guys don't follow my YouTube or whatever, but it's, it's strictly just pretty much training related. I just show my training sessions. Obviously, I'll do some food things in there too, but it's, it's me talking the, the ends and outs of training in, in our day to day and, um, and that's what it's all about for us. I think that's the, well, I want to say that's what I, you know, it is. That's what, yeah, to me, that's what bodybuilding is. It's not like, oh, this guy has the perfect physique. He was meant for the sport like he was God's gift. It's like, hey, you know what, I'm a normal human being, and maybe I have some genetic gifts in some places. I'm going to exploit those, but then I'm also going to turn everything else up to try to make the bet, you know what I mean? It's like, you got, you men's physique is like, basically, you've got a small waist wide shoulders. You either have that or you don't bodybuilding, you can create the physique. You know what I'm saying? And I think that what you're hitting on, man, that's like exactly what this sport is about. So that's I think that that's one of the reasons to that people really connect to you because not only that, but then you've taken it to the the level that you have in for people who don't know, you are a lot smaller when you got your pro-curd. A lot smaller. I mean, I know you were holding back, dude, at the time, I remember you told me that like, you were, how much did you, did you weigh at that, that pro-curd win? So when we went probably at 194 pounds, is what I remember. So you were classic, and people people watching this, especially after these past two weekends, where it's, you know, everyone's exploded about how, you know, hers is the first classic guy to, you know, go to the open Olympia. That was actually actually, I was actually a classic pro first, built my way up into the two-chweeping to the open and now we're going to step on the open stage. So this will be a first year that, but I was the original one of those guys. So it has been done before. Obviously, not to this level where you're seeing a top two or top three, classic guy that opened down stuff, but it's cool to see, I feel like I helped set that example. I know I did for hers even too, because, you know, I talked to him regularly. So it's like part of that, him seeing previous years, he knew he could eventually do that. And now we're starting to see it with a lot of classic guys that, you know, aren't necessarily restricting themselves anymore, trying to find the best look, but also challenging themselves. I think that's what a lot of it was. It's like, you know, a lot of, they kind of psyched themselves out, going with the big boys or whatever, it's just, I think I was kind of the first guy that said, you know, screw it. I'm going right into, you know, taking a couple of years off, going into this open and coming in there with a, you know, with a, with a, with a chip on my shoulders. So that's what, well, that's what we saw. Yeah, and you didn't even say like, two-ten. You didn't even say like, two-twelf. You weren't like, oh, I think I'm going to just try to get to two-twelf and work my way up. You're like, you know what, this is great. Everything, I'm going to do open, you know, lout the gate. Sorry, do you think that a lot of guys have kind of, I mean, in my, when I think a bodybuilding, when I've got started, especially as someone with more average next, it was always just about more being a little better, a little bigger, a little harder, whatever it is. And I feel like that's the spot where some of these guys are kind of getting hedged off is they hit that weight cap and you're not really bodybuilding anymore. You're, you're, you're body maintaining. And we all know that the body wants to creep its way up just from training and everything else. And I think that's kind of what happened with hers is his body was no longer small enough to be a classic guy. He was just making it happen. So the, the dip was enormous, you know. I mean, there's a big difference between being at the top of the weight class because you squeezed in versus being at the top of the weight class because you had to basically eat nothing and not train to get down, you know what I mean, to plead yourself too completely too looks are completely different at that point. I'm hoping primarily because I'm retired, not not to worry about more guys beating me, that some of these other guys jump in because if I was like a top 20 guy at the pro levels, I'd be like, please keep the classic guys in classic. Yeah, because they're all going to come out here and start kicking our asses. You know, because I feel like a lot of the classic guys, I mean, just like you when I know you, when you're speaking about not being the best, you're talking, you're comparing yourself to you know, literally flawless genetics, your, your structure and everything is freaking incredible. Yeah. And I feel like most of the guys who are classic, if they decided to turn it up, they're genetically the best bodybuilders. Proportionally, yeah. Yeah. So, symmetrically for sure. I mean, we see that. Then the only thing is that what we're going to, I'm going to be interested in seeing is seeing that balance of how that look transitions. Because even with, or I think hers is probably going to be one of the better examples of that transition. But even there, you know, you could still see like even with that, actually like, it's still an extra 25, 30 pounds. You know, it is a different look, right? You know, the waist is a little bit thicker. And so it's about finding that balance of not, almost like almost not too quick to, right? Yeah. Don't ruin your, don't ruin your, don't ruin your, like last week's look, like, it is like for hers is like, I'm like, I think you don't want to be better about 10 pounds lighter. You know what I mean? It's just, he lost a little too much lines. And then yesterday, or was it? Yeah. But he was even sharper yesterday. So it was kind of a good blend yesterday, really was. But like, again, we're talking about, we're also talking about maybe top 5, 6, 7 guys here though, too. I don't know how I'm going to work in this and like that, you know, we've seen a few other guys try it just like, hers is going to be a top body, but he was always going to be a top body, but eventually anyway. You know what I mean? Like he was a transition. It just, it was time. Chris can make that jump. Probably around when we were, remote, you know, can just be based off his proportions and this look, Mike, maybe, you know, I mean, I mean, I mean, that we're just talking. But after that, I think six, seven, eight guys. I don't think it would like, then I think size will kind of become an issue, too, especially if you would be a top one. But you're right, man. No, you're definitely right. Those, I guess that those top 5, 6, 7, classic guys. If they want to take the time, do it right. Like they have a really good chance to build up into the open to be successful because we're seeing that. My, my number one thought when I saw hers, what I didn't think at the first week, because I was just like, oh, he looks crazy huge, you know. And then this past week, I thought, you know, we really got jipped with bum stead. You did the one open, he did the one open show, but it was like a couple weeks after the Olympia. I want to see what, I want to see the, give me two years of power. I want the nine months. I want the nine month bum stead open just one time. You know what I mean? I just want to see that what it, you know, a 30 pounds or whatever, you know, 60, 60. Yeah, it is never no, right? Yes, it's true. For you to get from, it's an interesting point you make, too. Like you said, taking time. I mean, now obviously, this isn't your first rodeo here, but we're talking from now to the time you turn pro. That was 2018. So, you did take your time in actually building that physique and, and filling it out. I think you have a point, because I've seen that. We've all seen that. We tell guys like, don't push too hard, you know, blow your midsection, out, stuff like that. So, you know, I could definitely echo where you're coming from with that. And to look back on everything, I think that's what I actually did the best. I know people, they only remember me kind of blowing up right into the open. They're like, oh, he grew so fast, right? But they didn't know like the six, seven years before that. I was adding like five to 10 pounds of muscle here. But I didn't know why I was. That was the crazy part. I was just doing it for fun. You know what I mean? Like, I was, I was Ivana's bag boy. I remember back then like, you know, the Olympias. I was just holding her bags training with John Meadows on the side, you know, you know, just like she'd be at the hotel getting ready for the show. Me and John be training. Like, and I was always just behind the scenes. But I was, I was in it, man. You know what I mean? I catched myself. I, you know, I had my own goals. But I guess John went from like 190, you won't. When I met Ivana's 175, then year later 185, then I was 195, then I was, you know, in about five years later, then is, you know, everything started clicking, right? And so on that just, haven't stopped. It's been that same trajectory here over the last 10 years. We, you know, that's funny because it you just reminded me and I did mention this the other week. I remember the first time that I talked with you, first time I interviewed with you. Was one of your first, I mean, like, doesn't your kind of first-gen started to? Yeah. I'd been at it for a little while. A couple of few years. But yeah, it was definitely earlier on. But after that conversation, I talked to John and Scott Bulf. And he had said, that boy destroyed us on legs. He said that he's strong on legs, man. It kind of cracked me up because that was the first, that was the first impression I had of you through someone else's perspective. His then John Meadows and Scott Stevens said that you smoke to them on legs. What was it like, you know, training with John? I got to ask you because that's I never got a chance to train with him. Part of it is I was just naive too. Where it's just like, you know, I didn't have my examples or is what I saw online, man. You know, watching to watch the branch Warren Johnny Jackson watching these sessions. So like, that's all I knew. So like, when I got the, you know, when I had those opportunities, the chain with John, we've got Stevenson and everyone, man, I would go in there and I was, I was in for a half of the phone. And then that was his cool. And then I would like the fire under him. So I know exactly like knocking about because we ended up doing like some safety squat bars squats that day. And then I think it was the first time that we ever really like squatted together and then like, you know, like John put like three plates on did a set. I did, you know, and he kind of looks at me like, you know, he did 12 to right, you know, put the quarter on. We the 365, you know, I did his me and see that he starts getting a little worked up. You know, you know, like he kind of looks a little flustered. I don't know if you guys ever seen John, like that, but it was like, well, first of all, they were seeing that. So he throws four of five on there and me and then just start going back and forth with each other. It's got laughing and like, and I'm just, I'm, I didn't go me, go, he didn't go me, go and like, and I think that's, that was a big step of it. Like obviously earning his respect, but also showing, you know, there's something special about this dude. And like after, I think after that, like he really kind of, he definitely bought it in the me and then also, you know, I don't know, you guys remember this, but when I went and did my, and ended up doing my open debut and, and I'm, it was in Tampa, or sorry, Atlanta that year, so it was Pishikago. But remember he was there and then like a week later, he did a video saying, how bodybuilding is in the best spot, how he really, you know, enjoyed Hunter watching me and Hunter battle it out and stuff and, and then like a few days later, he was when he passed, you know, but it was like, it almost lit another fire under him and like we had, we literally had just started that day, it was like, hey, I need to bring up my heart, you know, post show. So we started, we was going to start training me again and everything and then obviously that happened, but, um, we had just such great experiences and then all everything that I've made my philosophies on training, everything that I do as, as a big root and stem from John Medell. So I know we all have that in this, in this group, but, um, it's such a great man for all of us for sure. Yeah, I want to do ask you, you know, speaking of meadows and all that. Um, we talk about training partners a lot on this show and, uh, you know, obviously we talk about you and Martin eating weights and all that, but what else is there to your relationship with Martin that, you know, when you train the way you guys do, I mean, I've had training partners, you know, for, I've had a small number of them that, you know, we're like years and years long each, right? And there's, there's only certain people you can do that with, you know, you have to have a connection with someone to train with them for, you know, four or five years straight. Um, what's the relationship with Martin like, you know, you guys just click perfectly with, you know, being the same time of day and all that all was with it just works out good. Like, what makes you guys a great pair? Yeah, I think I think at this point, you know, now being six years deep into this, it's just like, it's, it's the system that works that that's that's what you know. Like, we're at a point where we like, you don't even, I mean, we do obviously, but we don't need to talk to each other. Like, you know, you just walk in, you know, you don't really really, friends. Yeah, you know, it's wife's name. All right, my deaf kids, I don't know, I never asked. Just got growing and when you got in the marriage, how he's feeling on the day, we might just grow on each other. But I think it's like, we know what we can get done and like, we've been training together so long. Like, we know what actually, like, we might not know the exact exercise, but we know the sequence it needs to be. And so we, we just, it just flows, man. So also with that, it's like the mental side of things, you know, I mean, like, we create such a good relationship in regards to like mentally being close and, you know, obviously knowing each other and what they're dealing with and things like that. So it's like, it's good to have that person, especially another man, male, male figure that you can bounce things off of. Especially on these props, man. A lot of people get lost in these, you know, it's a benefit to have a good training partner, not only obviously, obviously, for the physical side things, the push through these sessions, they're really hard and energy's levels, but also on the mental side of things, man, I don't like it gets, obviously, it doesn't get talking enough about, but just the mental tranquility, the tough, the hardships that go into, you know, managing everything mental prep. So having a person that you can bouncing off of, you can use, you can resource, it helps a lot as well. And then at the end of the day, just soak in this, this process in with one of your best friends, you can't be it. You know, I mean, like, think about all the fun you guys have had training together over the years. And what we're going to do that lead into an Olympic man, something we've been talking about for seven, you know, six, seven years, we couldn't go up in there and do it together. So I was really used this prep. And a lot of this is just having a daughter now too, as you guys know, it's like, I've really been able to slow down and enjoy moments more, especially on preps. So I can probably follow it for my social media and stuff. It's just been extremely, you know, obviously, team oriented with the people around me, obviously, extremely family oriented and just including everybody in the two. With it comes to you and Martin training together, is it, is there anything that you do differently or separately like does he ever come in to do extra biceps or do you have a day where you don't actually train together because you're doing some extra hams and he's got some doubt like is it, or is it just straight across a board, you guys are like locked in what's the actual, you know, in the know. So I was, yeah, for sure, I was more so in the past, like it was like we had to did everything. Now as we advanced and obviously we have different weak points, strong points. There are things that we will separate on stuff. So like, obviously looking at Martin, like he doesn't need a shoulder press because he has some of the biggest fucking shoulders I ever seen, right? So when we do push, like towards the end of push, like we'll do chest and shoulders together, and I'll just do shoulder pressing and then he'll just do more chest or thing like that. So we will like we'll hit probably 80 and 90% of everything together and then at the end of the session, then we'll kind of split up and hit any specifics that we might need on that then. It's a bit of customization. Yeah, yeah, so many like me a little bit more arms and things like that. So it's just you know, it's still an individual thing, you know, we still have to make sure that we're taking care of ourselves first and getting ready for the stage, right? So making sure that all just comes together and then we'll go pose after that and finish out the session. So it flows really well. Being that you guys obviously like us kind of grew up watching the branch and Johnny show, how does it feel when you're regularly compared to them now? Because you guys are this generation's branch and Johnny? I mean, that's it. It's always an honor just to hear, you know, I mean, just because thinking about all the cool shit we use the watch of the day, but to be honest, we kind of are, you know, I mean, like I'm I'm not in the other day, like like I'm not only one and I'm not the only one, but there's not much content out there right now. Just hard training, you know, I mean, so like, you know, that's what my I really emphasize is putting that on the YouTube keeping that out there, just keep that alive and it's really cool to be tagged in these things, called that and just set that example because it needs to be there. You know, they we can't go to like when we talked about when we started this video, we can't go too fluently on this training man. Like we got to still have that that that solid path that's all about nation of hardcore training that we had set the examples. Because I got I got actually I got to bone to pick with with Holland's head. I mean, he's he's our generation's hard hardcore trainer right now. You know, he's our door in the eighths and then like last week I saw him doing some like R D L's with his ass cheek saying, you know, stuff like that. I saw that too. I'm going to have to call him up man. You can't be the ordinary door gates and having your your butt stick on only fans or whatever. Just just another income stream just another income stream off. You gotta have at least five it comes secret. It was short. The diaper bills are adding up because we're able to go out. I'll kill love this. This is going to our first clip first clip. This is a clip for sure. We're going to have James on you James. I am disappointed. We're going to have James on for a reaction to this portion. Yeah. So I can't believe that. I mean, in all seriousness. One day he's squatting seven plates for a side the next day he's got his ass. Hey, times are tough and you tell him he's expensive over there. The tie ends were popping. It's time for popping that day. It's the baby diapers. No, but seriously, I love that you guys are doing that because when I got into body building and didn't know anything, I just looked at videos of the most hardcore guys and tried to emulate and I think right now with so much I'm going to use the word misinformation out there about how you can get big or confusion even. You know, guys who see someone late in their career that's not doing that anymore because it's not the the risk to reward isn't there for them anymore. But I think it's important that the young guys coming up see that we talk about with Hunter about like you have to build your base. I mean, I tell clients all the time. People in your gym should think you're crazy. If they don't, you're not doing it right. Yeah, you know, and I'm sure if you guys popped into any gym across the country that didn't know you and started just having a normal workout, there would be confusion as to why you guys are trying to kill each other. And you know, I just think that that's missing because you know, I'm sure you were the same when you didn't know anything. You'd go in the gym and it was just what else can we do to ourselves today unlive. Sorry. Sorry about that there. You know, but I mean, that's one of those things that I think is has gotten lost a little bit with so many people having access to just putting out their own content. I mean, I grew up watching Ronnie Coleman row 495 for reps. And I was like, all right, well, here I am at 185. I got work to do, right? You know, so I love seeing that you guys are doing that. And I love that the physique's show it because I always feel like I can tell how someone trains when I look at their physique. There's I feel like I have a little bit like I do that. I don't know if I'm right. I got trained hard. Yeah. I got to say the muscle. Yeah, right. You can just with cement. This guy's training hard. I don't know nothing about him. So, you know, looking into the Olympia and I saw you put a post up which I loved or a story about where you were assumed you would land at the Olympia. You're like, oh, they got me in last. That's perfect. Right? Where I want to be, you know, we talked about that with Hunter. Don't you find it interesting how because you got your qualification essentially a year ago, everyone assumes you're just bringing that look again. Yeah. We, we, we all know bodybuilding. You're always as good as you're that showing, right? So yeah. And just a good example of this is think about this time last year. Think about how the, how the world view Nick Walker and look how they look at him to. Yeah. You know, right now he's done Stirlipi here in three weeks. And last year he was written off and he was going to be retired. And you know, I mean, it's just the exact example I wish to think it off. Man, every piece of sand that per reinvent themselves, staying true to himself, getting the work done and just doing the shit. You know, I mean, like props to them, you know, I talked to him actually a couple weeks ago and then gave him props for that. Like, you know, you were written opera. Like you were like, you were like, oh, real had you off. And you just just not kind of adore it. But that that's bodybuilding. So as long as you continue to believe in yourself and you know, like I said, and I'm in such a good head space, like I said, I don't, I don't really truly value the people's opinions on the internet, you know. And it is true. You know, it's been over a year, it will be over a year since I last competed. So you don't have that fresh look. But also it's, I think it's doing the vanage, you know, for me, I always like, I'm much rather coming as the underdog a little forgotten than somebody that everyone that's, you know, is expecting something right. So it gives me a great opportunity for my first Olympia. You know, not too much, not too much pressure besides what I put on myself, which is perfect. And then, you know, and show up and with my best physique ever and honestly, and I have a great time doing it, man. I told the guys last week for all of those reasons. That's why you're my dark horse is just the perceived notion of what we already know what he looks like. But that was quite some time ago. So mark my words, guys. What's kind of your Martin last year? I mean, everyone new Martin was good, but no one expected what he did. You know, I mean, Martin's been great for a long time. But I'll be the first say I wasn't like, oh, top five. No, no, no, you know, I mean, I'd loved to lie and say I had him, no, I got him in fourth, you know, six weeks out. But I was like, yeah, that's, there's just too many people to leap frog for that to be possible in the timeframe. So I think that that's an exciting thing going in. And I also love that you guys get a little, it's a little throwback to like the the courmeyer, Wheeler thing where you've got two guys who are at the same level. I know you need to mark that at the Olympia stage, but you are which makes you both better. I mean, you're essentially competing with a close friend that's also very close competition, and that only makes both of you better. Yeah. And that's something I gotta remind myself sometimes. It's like, you know, we get so caught up, but you know, like, where are like posed in after a session. And you know, obviously he has a really strong shots and stuff. And then obviously I do on over him on some too, but it's just like, catch yourself looking like, damn, you're like, oh, shit, he was fourth in the world last year. I gotta remember that. That's not my shot right there, you know, but just like, with that, that's the awesome part is like, I am, I am, I, you know, daily, I get to compete against and I compare against someone that's at that level, right? So it's only going to level me up, which it has. Hey, on that note, we talked to Jordan. We talked to Hunter, and now we're talking to you on the topic. I want to ask you is the, like, the Texas vibe, you know, kind of taking that, you know, you and Martin have that energy that you're playing off each other, but then there's kind of that slightly the bigger community of the Texas bodybuilding scene that you're both a part of. How long ago had you moved to Texas? Now, and what are you thinking about just the environment that you're in there? So, I moved to your June 1st. So it's been a, like I said, three of us four months now. So, and honestly, it was one of the best memes that I've ever made. It was Texas is cool. We, we, we definitely like it. We're over on the Houston area, around the north side of Houston. And it is, it is a thriving bodybuilding community. You are, you're absolutely right there. A lot of old school gyms. There's just gyms everywhere out here. Really good, community lifting each other up. And then obviously Martin had a little bit of history here. You know, he lived in Dallas there for a couple of years. So he has a lot of resources and stuff to. But what brought me out here is I'm actually, you know, I'm actually, I, so this, you guys probably know this with a butcher bomb, right? So my office, all right. Yeah. So I got, we got my offices out here and everything. I'm actually creating a couple of new companies, I'm getting into some more of the peptides with cosmetic creams and stuff too. So that was kind of the reason for the move. Initially is kind of set up. I want to build a gym out here next year. And then there are in the next couple of years. I'm going to be expanding those things too. But just setting up life after bodybuilding and having like a true home base. And what I've learned last four months is it's perfect out here. I really, I really enjoyed it. And then there's so many resources in regards to like, you know, like bowl, mega man, all these Jimmy equipment, like, you know, these sponsors. It's just, it's just a cool thriving community down there. And you guys can as kids see it just continue to blow up. I love that. Hey, why, why you mentioned it, the butcher bomb. That has BPC and it doesn't it? Yeah. Yeah. So I've never, so yeah, I've literally, I've had no experience with topical BPC. Tell us a little bit about that. Yeah. So this is actually one of the first versions of a topical BPC in America and TB 500. So that's probably why. Has a bunch of essential oils as well. Can't for a mental. So we have can't for a mental near. So what that does is actually just numbs you out. So what this is is a pharmaceutical grade ICI. So it's a very, very strong ICI. You apply it and numbs you out for three, four hours. So you can train through any issues, any pains, any ACE. But also through that, you're using the transdermal peptides. Yeah. So you have, you have the BPC 157, the TB 500, absorbing through the skin as a topical. So that's helping you chronically as well. So it's a cool, it's a feel good and a faith product. So it's going to make you feel good right away, numout any pain issues, get through training. But also it's healing you chronically long term as well for injury. So I just trained with the guy. I trained with the guy in Buffalo for one of my mutant on a mission episodes. And we were going to do legs. And I was really nervous because I hadn't done legs for for the camera for over a year because I had a bad hip. And I was going to do legs with them. And I was like, hey, I got to make sure I can train today. And he pulls a bottle of butcher's bomb out. And he says, putting it on his knees. And I was like, oh, can I have some of that? And he gave me a big doll up of it and I put it all over my hip. And it eventually got on my nuts, which you came a little bit. You came a little bit exciting around the leg extensions and leg curls at the end of the workout. But on the BPC on the nut sometimes, you know, yeah, little bit of an album from time. I thought it was awesome. I remember loving it and being like, I think that stuff was great. You know how when you have like a joint that hurts, he put cream on it. You have a great workout. You're like, dude, how does it? That's what it is. That's what it is. Good. Like it helped. Yeah. And I was like, I might have to get some of that. Yeah. Yeah. So I liked it. One try. Miracle cream bread. So it's been killed. I mean, it really has. So especially in the, especially in the like the strong man, you know, the Olympic lifting world and everything. So just continue to blow this up. It's been a beautiful first year. The business is booming. So that's why I got a continued expand down there. So that's awesome. But damn you guys, so you moved literally, like in your Olympia prep. I feel like as a coach, I'd be like, whatever you do, we don't want to make any big changes. Yeah, you were diving already, right? Yeah. It was like I said, here's the 14. What's that? I said it had Brad before. We started and so. All right. Well, we're on the land and it was full go after that. So drove drove the you haul what 27 hours, drove the whole way and then ended up when I finally got the final destination, pulling their front yard. I guess I've been rain all day and got the fucking you all stuck in the right. Yeah. So that's other night ended at two in the morning. So I just turned it off and figured it out in the morning. That's the most problems. Yeah. Exactly. I wanted to ask you about your mental side of the prep and how you keep yourself zoned and balanced out and home life and you got the kid now and all that stuff. So you know, you you you you're not the type of guy that is letting out outside stuff get into your head and you know, like you know, you've you're good at that. So how do you manage that stuff and and what do you do to kind of keep your mind calm and do you have any prep habits that you do every day or anything that you're you know, doing to just stay insulated and zoned and all that sort of stuff. Yeah. I think I mean, definitely more so I would say I think I'm I'm I'm good now, right. So like you're talking here now. This has been a beautiful prep. Hasn't always been like that. You know, I mean, so as you guys know, but probably the list there is, I actually had to pull out of the 2020 23-Mr Olympia. So I was all five for the 2020 3-Mr Olympia and about 7-6-weeks out. I don't remember exactly 5-6 weeks out. I actually had to pull out due to few different issues. Main issues were digestive issues. I wasn't absorbing all my food. My GI was gone, man. I had, you know, I want to get the GI mapped on. I have to take all these different types of probiotics just to rebuild my gut. And then it was the top process. But also with that, you know, what I like hard to learn is like just at that time, I was like right after we had our daughter, right? And then obviously getting ready for the Olympia. So I was putting a lot of pressure. Obviously I'm being a new father handling, you know, and then those sleep, whatever comes with that, everything just balancing the hormones and life in general. And then also getting ready for my first Olympia, which, you know, had hype and stuff too. So obviously that did affect me mentally. You know, especially when I had to pull out due to that just in this use. I went on the spiral of the depression, man. You know, and I know I'm not getting too real super, super deep because it's not going to be that crazy of a story. But more so what it was is like, you know, it is. I put me in the depressed state. I had to take some time off away from bodybuilding and realize really how I wanted to do what I wanted to do moving forward and how I was going to come back from this in attack. So obviously I had to fix everything with the gut first. That was about a four or five months process. But also, you know, like I said, that the press of state do handling that too. You know, and that was something totally new with me because I had never dealt with depression in my life. So like I was, you know, I was catching myself like listening to dark music, things like that. And there's just a really new experience for me. So it took me, like I said, that was the end of 2020, three. I really had to, I had to man up. I had to make some decisions to myself that I look myself in the mirror and say, like, what do I do now? And then the only thing I know what to do is I have to fucking pull up my pull up my bridges and let's get to work, right? You know, like this, that's the only way out of this is the is my work, my way out of it. So that's what I spent all 24 last year started. January 1st, I think it was, you know, got ready for that Legion sports Fest, which was in August. And I, like I said, I got all the down to like two or 25, 230 pounds, go all the way back up to 285, came down for the show and then ended up winning that show. So that was one of the more like, challenging aspects of when it comes to my body, but then journey in general, it's like I said, coming back from that experience in those things and then try and feet and then getting to this point. So what I'm saying with that is just handling all those up and downs, that has set me up so good this year that like, you know, I can handle anything right now, man. Like I said, I mean, you know, especially now I'm three weeks. I'm going to make this. I'm going to enjoy this. But I am in a really good spot. So I am very, very happy with everything. But like a, but those experiences has helped me build up to this that's really so good. Then, do you? Yeah. When you look at your, your life outside of the body building and this is something I know you've, you've dealt with a lot of, a lot of guys coming out, girls coming up, where they let their life outside of body building fall apart because they're body building, you know, what up either home life, their business life, whatever that may be. How do you manage that so well? And, and what advice do you have? Because I'm sure it wasn't always easy to do all that's special as a new father and all that stuff. I mean, you had a whole new kink thrown in the mix of a very selfish game. How do you kind of make sure you're doing all those things? And do you find that having the extra things on the outside the business, the wife, your, your daughter, does it make body building easier now that you've kind of put them all together? I think now, yes, especially now it's been about a couple of years and that have found that balance, especially with the communication aspect with your significant other. And then, of course, I have to say just having such a good relationship with my wife, Iván, obviously, mother of my child and how we can communicate and set up things for the daughter and everything. But I do a really good job, man. Like, you know, I've gotten a really good time management, especially with the child. So it's like, hey, you know, I have two hours in the gym. I am maximizing my two hours, right? You know, like, you know, there's less, a little bit less talk and a little, maybe maybe less warm-up set, a little less bullshit. And like, you know, we, I only have a certain amount of time because I need to spend time with my daughter or I need to go, you know, I need to go help my wife because she needs time to go do something. So I've really been able to like, you know, when I get up in the morning, it's not, you know, taking your time to drink the coffee, you know, it's just like, hey, let's get out there. Let's get to work, right? And it's in a training, you get to work. But also, you know, those evenings when I'm not, you know, when we're relaxing and stuff, I don't, I don't spend too much time, like, putting too much more bodybuilding in my head. And when I'm mean by that, it's like, I'm not watching all too much extra collectors, like, just YouTube all night of YouTube. I'm trying to actually zone out for a while. Like, you stay, there should be more family things that you said. I'm also a sports fan, so I watch a lot of football. Meaning, you know, being on a joint, we got the little millies enjoying it now too. She loves yells football. Yeah, we are, our little things we live right now. Out here in Texas, we're actually on like three, we're staying on my buddy's property. And yeah, we have like four acres out there. So we have four, we are, I have a pond, I have, we have on fire. So we spend a lot of time outside. So it's just, I think it's also part of just maturing too. You guys all know this, like I said, when we were in our 20s, it was just, it was hard to get your head off a bodybuilding, right? You know, I'm just not saying it's not holding the water. I mean, it's still hard. I mean, I'm 30, you know, 36. And that's all I'm thinking about all day. But I'm able to manage it better, right? And realize that there are more, you know, there are things there are relationships here in the next 40 years that I need to continue to build up in stuff. So I just feel right now. I'm in that perfect bounce spot of, you know, half my time is four on by, but I have his family and I, I love where I'm at right now. I got to ask you about football. Yes. I spend Saturday and Sunday watching football. Go ahead. So I, I've, I've always loved football, but I wasn't like a huge fan for like a big gap because I was like just paying attention to play offs. And oh yeah, I watch a highlights and stuff. But this year, I'm watching football. I got my Sunday package. I got the games on. I'm fully into it. It's like I'm something I decided to do this year. So why do you love the game? And are you a Texans fan? Now that you live in Houston or are you, you're devoted to someone? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, who your team is? So I'm going to convert. Yeah, I could say, with us moving so much lately, like as if we moved the Denver, I became a Broncos fan, even though they stuck for four years. Went to, went to Florida. Yeah, some legacy. Get some legacy. You can cheer, right? It's stuck to the, no, so I've just always been a big football fan. So I grew up in the middle of the last house or Maya, so I was kind of a Vikings fan growing up. And now it's just kind of bouncing around the general. I grew up, my dad was, my dad was a PE teaching coach. So he had me and everything. I played four sports and everything growing up. And I ended up actually playing college football at a small college in Iowa. And so that was always my number one. Since I was a little kid, I always wanted to play and they had no foul and stuff. And I was pretty good. And I was, all state receiver, kicker, receiver. I was a little quick guy. I was going to ask you, you probably weighed what 170. Yeah, I once said we just juking everybody other shorts and then and then I just wasn't big enough to go under the NFL. So that's when bodybuilding came into aspects. But to this day, like I said, that's, that's something that really takes my mind off of things. It's just something that is in my family at coachings in my family sports or in my family. So I think everybody can do a better with some football in the weekends. I want you to say, because I like hearing what people have to say about their favorite sport. Why is football such a great game? What is it about football that you love? I want you to play. It's such a good game is that there's only, like I said, it's build up to one game per week, which is I think is very important. Like I said, it's only have 17 games on the year. It's not like it's not like other sports where it's baseball, basketball where they're playing every other night. The each game means so much more. So it's like everything is just an event. And I like how I has the tradition of like either Saturday or Sunday, right? So it brings you to the community, the families, the fan bases, to that one important three-hour stretch, then you're done for a week. You know what I mean? It's not too much. Then you get enough build up for the next week and you're excited again. You go again. I think the NFL just to sidebar is an incredible business model. It has done absolutely everything right and that is why they dominate and are by far the best of all the leagues as far as making money. And they own those times Sunday, Monday and the football. Yeah, they do. Who else has them? Who else like do you? Do you know is there Wednesday night hockey? There's Wednesday morning. It's just bodybuilding. There's that. Wednesday morning. It's just bodybuilding. Every Wednesday. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think there's daylight football, but like they own those times and it's just they've just done such a great job of like you know, constructing all of the other stuff around making football part of your like a lifestyle for the fans. Well it's huge. And then now that they're bringing in like pop stars, like Taylor, you know what they know what they're doing. It's an extreme business. Sure. If you live in the South, it's actually more of a religion, but yeah, go ahead. It's not optional here. You move into town the neighbor knocks on your door. Who's your team on Saturday? You're like, whoa, what what's happening? Right. The neighbors need to know. You need to put a flag up. Are you the enemy or not? All I know is the long, long cords are like two and one, but like they're not very happy with our remaining around the years. I'm just kind of like these people are serious around here. One last football question, what do you think you learned from playing the game that you continue to use today? I played football as a kid to what what did football give you as an athlete and a person? Obviously all those, especially the lessons you learned, especially at the like I said, the child of the level high school level. But once I went to college and it became more of like, you know, you took a step up. That's when it taught me a lot of life lessons, right? They had to be a man. Like when they separate you into, when you go for the drink that jump from high school sports, the college sports, you know, it becomes so much more organized. It becomes a year long active of the right where you have an off season, your training off season. That's actually kind of what made me fall in love with bodybuilding to be honest with you guys is that the full off season lifting programs. So then I started in the strength of the strength of conditioning department, just to help them, you know. And that's where I learned a lot of my stuff as well like programming and everything. And that's when I really started like they could tell like, you know, I was staying after hitting a few bicep curls or what are you doing? What are you doing arms? What are you doing arms? We've got a loser receiver. Don't let him train calves. If his calves blow up, he's leaving. Coach is insecure or something, but they're like, why are you training extra arms? Is it a bit like, that's when I started noticing. I kind of like, I'm like, you know, I'm like a little bit bigger right. You know, like this is playing off, you know. So that that was all is really cool to me. It's like I learned a lot there in the in the strength of conditioning program. But also man, like I said, just how to become a man, how to how to how to create a team atmosphere and then using each other in that in that regards to. So like we did a lot of team bonding activities, like that. But also prepare you for the real world, man. I mean, that's what it does. If you be a leader, you know, I was a team captain and things like that. I was in charge of, you know, 40 guys on myself and overseeing it and just being a leader and being a man amongst boys for sure. Yeah, I love it. One of my favorite things about that game is how if everyone just does their fucking job. Right. But it's so hard. It's so hard to get 11 people to all do their job right. And it's a metaphor for owning a business. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, man. So what are your plans for getting to Vegas? Let's talk about the old. It's coming up. When do you go? So I'm heading in. I'm going on flying into Sunday to before. So going Sunday through Monday. So we're going to spend a week out there. I just especially with the drier climate. I'm in Houston now. So it's, I mean, I was in Florida for this. It's very humid. So we definitely need a little bit extra time to adjust just to get, you know, I guess that just the climate and humidity is way less out there. And also just enjoy the weekman. You know, they got feel like there's a new gym popping up in Vegas every time I look. All right. Are you going to hit more than one jam or you're going to just lock down somewhere for four or five days? I think I'll definitely have a couple of gyms. I'm going to try out that new tech gym that's that just opened up. We're staying on that south side of the strip there. So that's kind of where all the gyms are. So be bouncing around. Make a, make a full week of it. You know, have some fun. That's cool. Okay. Let's go. And I know that, you know, you, you, like you said, you have your day scheduled. You made this time for us. But we're catching you before you train today. What's the, what's the workout plans for your day? Back workout. It's a big one. Back. Yeah. I took yesterday. I've been trying to take Sunday's off. Which has been awesome because we found a nice local church in the day of Sabbath. So last, this past week, I went, I think I'm a Monday through Saturday trained all the way through. And then yesterday. Yeah. I mean, man, I was, that was feel on yesterday. So it was, it was a Sunday church day. And I laid on the couch for about 12 hours yesterday. Well, what will you guys do today for back? People are going to want to know. I just know. I know. I know right away my training partners go, you didn't ask them what their workouts can be. No, yeah. We, so you gotta hit all the angles of the back, right? So we got to, we got to blow it up first. We got to get wide and we got to get blood and the muscles. So this, we're going to train it. Jim called Texas iron Republic today. So this is going to more a little bit more old school equipment. That's what we're on like in it. But they got the old nautilus pull over, you know, this one. Yeah. Oh, yeah. We're going to start with that. Get them last warmed up, right? You got to make that sound too. It doesn't. The chain makes that sound. Yeah. Yeah. Um, then, you know, they got these, these, a couple other old piece. I don't know if you guys are heard of a fly FLIT. Yeah, the old pre-core play loaded stuff. I've got one 10 feet away from me. Right now. I mean, there's two bag machines in there. They're going to call these flight pieces. I'm there. I'm seeing me. We love it. Kind of like comes in like sucks. And you know, the circular movement ones. They're all sick of the movement. Right. That's a pre-core plate loaded, right? Is it plate loaded? Yes. Yeah. That's a, I think pre-core makes a flight line. But that's a whole plate loaded. I've got the chest machine. It's converging and it's has health. It is beautiful. The, yeah, the feels really nice. Is it that incline one scum? It's there and it's back. I think I got to look more into it. That's fine. I got, it reminds the flat. I could have bought it either of them. I went with the flat, but you can incline the bench a little bit. So it is good. I like the flat feeling better. All right. Okay. Yeah. We get into that next. You got the full over next. Yeah. The pull downs on the flight. And then we're going to do some single arm rows. So nice. The lace goes there. And then we have the new that gym got that new mega mass that T-bar row. Have you guys seen that one? Yeah. So one where you're kind of standing on the floor, but your chest supported. Chest where you're standing over and it's just drives. Yeah. And it's going to unreal. Right. Yeah. It's on a track. It's very nice. So the one on the bearings, right? It's not the linear bearings. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So we run that and then we got a nice drive, a, an old prime piece of, uh, it's a stride now. Yeah. Just a row machine there that will go for upper back. Okay. I'm in the, we'll finish with some lower. And there's some of the some bin overs there. Okay. Okay. Okay. It sounds easy on paper. You know what I mean? Like, like, pull over. People hold down. Yeah. Dr. Some girls lean on some machines. We're like up in and they're about two and a half hours. Yeah. That's what friends are for. That's right. Awesome. Yeah. What do you think is something that people waste their time thinking about while they're training? We're worrying about. Like, are you guys looking at the clock between sets or are you just resting to your breath as good or are you like, is there anything that you don't do that people say you're supposed to do or just I can honestly say in 15 years of training like I never once, I never once time my respirates in between my sets ever in my life. And I never well either. You know, I mean, you don't have that internal clock or if you don't have that motivation or what you need to do, you don't need to clock to tell you that, you know, I mean. So that's something I think people time up a little bit too much. It should be more focused on the intent and then the effort into the set. Instead of the exact respirator, you know. I think some people worry too much about like EA, timing and VCA timing. You ever see people like that? Just like, they're like it's like 315. I got to go get my 15 grams of EA, EA is into this minute and stuff. I was with one guy. I was actually with a guy over and so I was competing over and Spain. And he was actually kind of driving me around and like he was getting coached by Patrick two or and I'm like Patrick two or his plan. It was like half six grams of EA's at 217 BM. You know, first time I ever seen any of like Patrick's or stuff, you know. I mean, like this is this is there. What the plan said. So we're like driving and like I think you just taking me to the gym or something. You know, I'm a couple days out. I'm just a zombie now. Like pulls over on the side of the road and like starts making like a drink and I'm like, what are you doing, man? You know, he's just like, oh, I got to take my EA's right now. It's 2017, you know. And I'm like 12 minutes from the gym. Can you just drink and get the gym? No, I have to go right now and I'm safe. No. You're body knows what time it is for sure. That was a good one. I haven't seen too many of those but um well over all just in genomy. I think a lot of people overthink overthink a lot of stuff. So she's like they like they're anxiety. You know, I mean, we'll come into it. Do you guys get any leggings? I do any more. I still do, man. I think that I actually I my goal because I've been training and I'm waiting for a new hip. I actually have to get a new hip. So I got these things. I have to train a certain way so I can train. But I try to do at least a set every leg workout that gives me anxiety because that is like, I feel like I'm not a bodybuilder anymore. If I let that go. Like that's the last that I'm clinging to a rope just hanging on to be attached to what I love. And if I don't have an anxiety set on leg day like a set of hacks or something that gets me a, oh fuck. If I don't have that, I just I don't know. I feel like I would be letting go of a part of the way like, see that little scene that's tab. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, we sure still got it. Yeah. Yeah. I don't want it to just drift away on me. You know, yeah. I think that's when you know you're in the middle of it is when the night before you start going, oh, that's tomorrow. Yeah. But in I, but you're looking forward to it. It's not a bad thing. But I just know tomorrow. Me and my friends are going to kick the shit out of each other. Yeah. And it's going to be horrible and we're so excited. I, I've told this story on the show many times, but Brett, you might love this. I went through a phase of a very specific time. It was, uh, I was 2000. I was getting ready for my first national's. And it was the off season. So I wasn't dieting yet, but it was like my first national's. I was training as mental as you could imagine a young kid in the year 2000, you know, watch a Ronnie video is in just myself. And, um, I started, I was puking after leg day. And I just thought, man, I just every single time I train legs, I throw up. And, uh, you know, people were telling me we're training too hard or you're doing something wrong. And I was like, well, shit, I'm eating like an hour and a half before and I'm hydrated. But I was thrown up on leg day. And then I started puking before my leg work. Oh, God. That's not good. I'm not a dirty thing. But that's not good. And, and my, my, my best friend who was also my training partner, he's like, what do you think's causing that? And I'm like, oh, man, I don't know. And then I realized I was just getting myself so f***ing anxious for legs. Like I was doing it to myself. I was putting so much pressure on myself and just, you know, you know, back then we're using the two and a half pound plates to progress every week. You know, you're looking in your added all logged out. And I had to like try to calm myself down because I threw up before my leg workout for like weeks, weeks. And I realized it was all here. I was just like driving myself over a cliff with anxiety. And it was insane. Looking back on it, I'm like, I can't know what I would have to do now to just make myself vomit. I'm glad you said that because I think that's more common than you think. I experienced that. I threw it up a few times over thinking the leg workout in the past. It didn't get a while back. Definitely, definitely. You know, there's one of those sessions where it's like, I got to hit these numbers today and you know, and then like, I'm a puga now. I was like, well, fuck, now I can't train because I hit puga so much. Yeah, this is not going to help me hit those numbers. It's not going to help me at all, but no, I think that's more common than you actually think, but it also like it just shows, but also shows how f***ing important this is to us, right? Yeah. It does, man. You know, people, if people listen to this and they're listening to a body-bind podcast and we're sending us saying that we're throwing up because we're so excited to train legs. You got the one of Swiss statements. Well, where are you at with that now, Brad? Is that like, because initially like the topic was like, things that you don't do. And I, you ask dust, you're like, do you guys get that? So where do you stand with it? Now, because you feel like, you know, it seems like you've got like everything's pretty well wired. You're cruising into the Olympia. And obviously, like when we see your training, man, you're absolutely nuts, but like talking to you right now, you're real chill. Yeah. And we did see Martin leaning over the garbage can. Yeah, we did see that. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Well, let's go. Pretty good. Yeah. No, like I said, like with this prep, it's been, that hasn't been an issue at all in the regards that maybe a little bit earlier in prep when you're further out now that now you're three weeks up. It just, it just, everyone's going to have those sessions, right? Like we're still trying to be the best in the world. So you're going to put too much pressure on yourself sometimes. But like it is about what like Ron said is what I started doing with I feel those feelings again. And like I said, it's been a couple of years since I've done that, but I still felt that again like driving in gin like, oh, I'm like, getting low anxious, you know, just stew and slowing it down, taking some deep controlled breaths, right? And then, you know, remind you of yourself where you're working for, right? And taking it slow out at the beginning, like a lot of, a lot of feeder sets to get going, sail down the mood. That's what it usually takes me as get like the first 20 minutes get the mind right? And then it'll follow after that. But I was just making sure, because I know you guys are like me and I knew Ron probably the anxious story I wanted to get. Got it out of him well done. Yeah, it's funny when I was in the heart of it. I actually learned that, because I never trained with headphones. I always had partners, so I wasn't ever listening to anything. And I found if I listened to things that were more relaxing instead of pumping up that which was in the gym, it would help. So like before hard sets, I would actually turn on the opposite of what anyone would think, just to kind of like mellow it down and just let my body do the nasty part, you know, take your brain out of it. You know, nothing like a little mermaid kind of get you going. Yeah. Put on the Lion King like exactly. That was what. Hey Scott, what's your phone number real quick? Oh, I'll give it to you off the air. How about that? I'll text it to you. That'll give you all the air. We have some wackos listening. So social, also. I'm going to show you your password. Yeah. Well, I'm going to send you a list is actually we're talking about this, but I had a really nice bloody nose set two days ago. Oh, great. Yes, we can. I'll get it. You can add it through the show. I'll drop you right in production. I'm going to talk about how our calmer and stuff now. And then you guys are about to see my nose explode. Conver more rational breadwagon. Let's go. Oh, let's go. Come on. Let's go. Come on. Let's go. Come on. Come on. Yeah. Yes. Oh, fuck. It's not. The one bleeding out of his face in the gym. But that column was on the how much more calmer I am now. And you get this. I think back to like, I remember like going to the front desk and being like, can I have the wind exit and then spraying the mirror or like in the blood off the mirror? I remember doing that, wiping blood off the mirror in front of the squat rack. I did that many times. And I was young. It was just a little bit. We have a little fuck. There's a couple of whites and smears. You know, it's kind of coming out your nose, but you got two reps left and then it's you just keep going though. I was going to use that on like dead lifts or I wish I'd rose. Yeah. Where it just keeps going. And then you post it and someone's like, blood pulling you like, yeah. I wasn't done. You just see this. If you watch closely, you just watch a pool. Underneath you do keep going and then you just rack the weight like nothing. I think my back to the gym owner, you know, I never filmed it or posted it. So he didn't need to know about it. Yeah, mind goes straight up. Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's fine. Okay, I got some rapid fire stuff before we let you go, Brad. This is the, yeah. Oh, go ahead. Oh, yeah. Jim's story says we're talking about blood and stuff in the gym. Perfect. Stay longer. Yes. Yeah. Me's the craziest thing I've seen the gym with with an accident is actually in college football. It was like a max out there. You know, max out days in college. And those football guys are rough to the forms. Not perfect. So our big, our big boy, he was not offensively. I mean, he's actually a world strongest man now. I got a thing of his name, I'll think of the year. But he, that's why he does now. But he was so fucking strong. So we're all, you know, we're behind him. He's doing handclings, right? And he's painfully and probably 365 for a night. I don't know. He, I guess that he was our huge Yeah. So he was a clean and you know, like, you're on a platform and there's actually a mirror on the wall behind him, right? So he does it. It shows the hang clean up. It ends up falling back, going into the mirror falls into the mirror. The mirror shatters behind him. Pieces of glass from down. Stick into his traps. He just, he just stopped in his traps. He's standing just the bar. There's glass to get out. He like brushes it off. He's running down his back. And our string coach comes out and he, he, he comes running over. He's like, clean this fucking shit. But he got the glass in the as above the guy. It was hilarious. That was, that was badass. And a guy hang clean 400 pounds and then fall into a mirror and then watch the mirror fall into it. How long was his like a foot was it like a foot long piece of mirror. Stick your gun visioning like a foot long to use of glass just sticking out of his trap. Yeah, it was a good shot. Like he had a get a get stitches in there. He was great. It was what he got the wrap. Yeah, I want everyone to remember. That's right. I think I've got a sliver. It's a remakes his name. He's a world-strongest man now. Yeah. That's amazing. Okay. Yeah. That's a wrap. Okay. So there's some rapid fire. There's a like the, there's a basic bitch body building rapid fire, right? This is Starbucks cinnamon latte at Halloween or pumpkin spice. Like this is basic. Okay. Favorite cheat meal. Peanut butter and jelly burger. Nice choice. I've never had that I've seen it on the menu. I've never been daring enough to try it. I'm always like I'll just go with the basic burger. You know, it's unique. It's unique. Well, those got to try it and the believe in it doesn't sound like you'd want to trust me. No, it's a good thomba. That sounds like yeah. That sounds like saying like like chicken oatmeal. That's a weird combo. But for Ron he doesn't get anything on his burger either. So there is that. You know, Ron doesn't get to pay on this move forward playing. He knew it. Butter and jelly burger. Well, you get the most original burger and they do an egg and then on the bun it's peanut butter and jelly and that's all that it's it. I can't explain why it's good it's just so fucking good. So it's breakfast and lunch and it's a snack in a snack. It's amazing. It's amazing. Just kidding. It's a really throw me off. It was the road one more thing. You can tell I am at in Gmail on 12 weeks. Where would you go for that? Is that like your favorite spot? It serves that? Is that what that is? Or is that like a secret meal that you make at home? I made them before I make my own but no, usually I'll just find a certain restaurant that does it. You can it would dusty goes you can get those anywhere. McWoodie me. Any good burger places? A peanut butter is delicious. It does good burgers. I'm a f**k it. Okay, he is. No, he knows where the Mac and cheese is. He knows where the peanut butter is. What else does a man need? I will say this. I will say this. Dusty has never once taken me to a bad restaurant. I believe that. He's a beauty. You'll like this place. Works every day. Okay, most overhyped exercise bullshit. Why are people doing this? Do we should? Um, drives me crazy. Just traditional bench press to be honest with you. I think I think I think enough. I take that back, sorry, sorry. Because I'm just speaking in bodybuilding terms. I think the bench press is very important. Early in your career, especially if you're going to strengthen in for sports and everything too. Yeah. Let me think. You're stumped him. He's been stumped. He's comes back with a he a philosopher answer. They're all important and none of them are important. Well, I just for me specifically. I mean, I don't do obviously do much specific glue work because I think a lot of that can be hitting your training, right? So in like squatting. So I don't need to be doing the glue later and things like that. You can get all that from your lunges and your glue work like that in general. Siding a lot of that is just right. Blade or just people being lazy. They don't want to do the harder exercise. This is. I agree. Right. I feel that way about a couple of things that are really big right now. Most underrated exercise. Those underrated exercise. They have been doing this one lately. It's just like a shoulder press. So like I've been realizing, because I've really been trying to bring on my interior delts. And I've been switching it up from just instead of just doing your traditional pressing right. I've been doing kind of a cable press. So I'll get the cable right here and I'll press through this way. I can just truly fully feel my my interior delts. I just get in the zone right here and just keep pressing through here. And especially when dieting coming down, you know, getting getting that detail and stuff. But I've been just blowing those up lately. Just getting like I said like a big just a cable press right here, getting underneath it, pressing through the delts. Are you using one cable or two cables? Like what are you doing? One cable? One cable? One cable? One cable? Oh, what are you holding? Like a triangle bar? I just get the eye on that attachment. You may even there maybe a little bit longer. But just get close underneath your chin and just press through right here. Are you standing? Are you standing? I go seated. I go seated right up next to a cable. Yep. Or on your knee. You go on your knees, too. Oh, okay. That's like a good finish here. I never did that. Yeah. So I'll do that one and then I'll also do like the landline presses right here for chests. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The syphix interior and the specific mid-thick upper chest there. I have problems pressing overhead. Like I don't press overhead every shoulder workout. I do those double cable like interior raises. Mm-hmm. Those have been great. You should try this one. Like I said, it's not your traditional press but it isolates it better and I don't have as much shoulder issues, too. Do you ever do those John Meadows six ways? Yeah. I actually, I'm sorry. One quick story again. I remember going up to John one time because back when I was really into it and I was like inventing exercises I thought I was. Yeah. I mean, you know, you know, you make something but then you realize, oh, this was made like 30 years ago. But anyway, we meet up with John somewhere and I'm like, John, I've been doing this exercise. I call them swimmer shoulders. I got to show you this man. It's my favorite. You should have pressed him, right? You're like, ready to press him. It's mom swimmer shoulders. He's like, let me see him and I'm so I'm like, like, I love these. I, you know, you hit the rear. You hit the top. You and he goes, yeah, those are called six ways. And I go, and I have a YouTube video that's three years old where I'm demonstrating them. Yeah. Oh, so you've already invented this. Okay. That's when you brought that up. That's a true story right there. I was like, okay, well, yeah, I'm never going to try to invent anything again because it's already been invented. You're probably telling. I'm going to show him this. He's going to be pulled away. You know, take telling Jimmy Hendrix. I got a new chord. You got to show you. But those are good ones. Oh, man. Okay. Shout out to sponsors. Who's your crew? I know you got a whole like you got the pride hat on. I see. Yeah. Yeah, it's just fun. I mean, I have pounds on pounds of racing grinds, cream of rice, three days, so I'll have to do it. I'm of course gas and better body as you know, I've been with them for a long time and love everything they're doing over there. I am also with, and I was telling Dessie this other day, but I'm with Leeter formula as now. So this is they're based out of here and Houston, my buddy owns the company. And I'm actually helping him develop products now. So this is something new. I'm getting into. I'm really excited about you know, you got a little pre-workouts already, a couple different pre-workouts of stuff. But I'm going to be in charge of creating a protein ahead as well as an intro workout. I've always wanted to kind of do my own kind of like an intranity that John did. You know, I mean, like, yeah, I'm up with something that I truly believe in. So this has became a great opportunity for me to branch into the supplement side of the world that I always wanted to do too. So this has been good for me with Leeter formula as well as obviously, like I said, probably it's Revive all my team here and we're working on it out of your guys. Hell yeah. I love the body builder in business. Yes sir. I'm going through a little bit more. This completely off topic. No, she didn't expect me to ask this, but Victoria has been coming up with some good off topic questions for us. This has nothing to do with anything. But I want to get the answer from all three of you guys. Alright. What was eight mile a musical? Wow, you're right. I wasn't ready. I was not ready. Fuck. I only saw eight mile once. I can't remember how many actual minutes of music are in it because there's like a line. I thought only gets a musical. There's enough gap between songs. Okay. Okay. There was also no weird dancing involved with you. Yeah. There's the last line. Background people weren't dancing. Reality wasn't suspended while they entertained us. I'm from Detroit. So I, but I never saw it. So I don't really get to say Brett, you get the final answer in this one. Nine of us. I'm going to say, well, because if we asked them and they were the fuck off. Thank you. I know a musical when I see it because I like immediately horrified that they're saying five minutes in. Yeah, what have this happened? Yeah. I've actually bumped, we've, we've went to shows that I didn't know. Well, didn't you go to Joker 2? And yes. I could have left immediately. I didn't know Joker 2 is a musical to be so irritated. Nobody told me this. It was, yeah, never mind. Sorry. Sorry. I figured we were the air's the answer. And I watched the whole eight mile and loved it. All right. You guys, and I couldn't get out of the Joker 2 fast enough. Okay. Okay. We're in and on that note. There you go, Scott. Okay. Thank you. Thanks, Brett. I, extremely excited for the Olympia this year. There's going to be a lot of great things to pay attention to and a lot of guys that we know and we want them all to do well and kick each other's asses and you know. I feel like this has been like, doesn't it seem like every year there's like four or five guys that like drop out right? Usually I mean, this is where we're, we're stacked man. Yeah. We're rolling. We got four or five Mr Olympia's there. Like, this is going to be a fun show man. It's a completely different era than it used to be. Like, you know, with their used to like having multiple Mr Olympia's repeatedly in the same Olympia is not something we've ever had until this this era post 2020, you know. And it really changes the game and makes things super exciting. And you know, it must be exciting for all the other guys in the show too, because like, you know, when there's only one defending champion in the show, it's different than when there's like three or four Mr Olympia's you're like, I might be to a few Mr Olympias. You know, like, there's that some guys have that in their head. Like, I might be able to take out a couple of Mr. O's here, you know. So, yeah, I mean, I feel like me and I'll back six, seven years ago, like that's what Phil, that was kind of his, that's what made him who he was because he was the only one winning right? So, like, he kind of just kept it over everybody's a little bit of a head, you know. And like, there's almost a good mythical creature, but now, like I said you got these at all, be each other at least once, right? So, like it's it's very exciting. We have no one in six months. Yeah, right? We're swapping all over the place every few months. Really different game, man. So, it's gonna be exciting. I excited to see you guys out there. Hopefully we're in each year and stuff. So, yeah, yeah, thanks very much for your time. I mean, you know, we understand where you're at mentally and like you said, you hadn't done a podcast on that long time. So, it's really, you know, really appreciate that you hop on with us and bullshit for an hour and an hour and 14 minutes. Yeah. Perfect. Good times. Okay. And if I ever come to Houston to check out one of these gyms, I would absolutely make sure it was during the football season. I want to go to a game. So, I'll let you know. Let's do it. Okay. One of the couple weeks. All right, I'm going to week after the Olympia. Okay. Good. Good. Okay. Brett Welkin, everybody. Thanks for coming on the show. We appreciate it. Mr. Olympia bound. No one knows what he looks like. No. Brett Welkin, everybody. That was good. It was good to talk to him again, you know. Absolutely. We had him on once before. Didn't we like? Was some time ago. Were you on the show Scott? I don't even think I was at the time. No. No. Maybe you were on maybe I was half in the bag, Dad. Who knows? I don't know. Yeah. It's been a while, man. No, that's cool. He, you know, true body builder, hardcore guy. Easy to chat with. I hope he does really well. The O would be great to see him like, you know, show up. It's absolutely best ever. And knock some skulls, you know. That's what happened. Yeah. I'm excited. Yeah. Okay. Remember everybody like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. I remember I am mutant.com. Order your stuff. It comes really quick. You're going to be blown away how fast it shows up. Avoid people get your hardcore ISO, get your mind FK, and of course, everyone should get on the gear. Dusty and big Ron are your codes. Support it. Support the show. Support us. Thank you very much. Remember the Patreon. Think big Patreon. Thank you guys. You know, keep a producer home. We're going to take that running. And we appreciate all the support on all the shows. I like the think big channel. Scott, what's the update on the think big channel? It's just it's going great. Oh, we're doing really good, man. Everything in, you know, what to it's our community is freaking awesome. Just we get the coolest people commenting and supporting us in. We've got all the people who are unspotified now, too. That I was unaware of. So I'm been trying to put up polls on Spotify, too. Which is fun. So if you're listening unspotify, we could definitely appreciate the love over there. Leave us comments. And you can even, um, what is it? They have like a, you could leave us like a five-star review. Would be awesome. Unspotify. Because that'll help to boost us up so that other people find us over there. You know? Yeah. Yeah. Much appreciated. Okay. Remember everybody. It's just bodybuilding.