Yeah, so have you seen any trends in that in the waves in some of you know, it's gone really bad for a while and then it's good for a while. Yeah, well given the time we've been around, we've seen a couple of times when the quality of drugs went down or availability changed. I've never seen it been as bad as it is now where we tested a lot of raw pollders that turn out to be anything but steroids. We're getting hundreds of raw pollders samples that turn out to not be steroids at all. But we used to get a lot of raw pollders directly from China from the manufacturers or distributors. And that sort of stopped. The most of the antibiotics are samples from China that are simply stopped coming in. It's been mostly that particle of people in China had been arrested that being involved with the biggest cannibalic certain manufacturing plant. And a lot of people went down with them, so everybody's pretty anxious about starting manufacturing. Sure. What's up guys, welcome back to the podcast with Dave Crosslin. I'm Scott McNally and all of our programming. It's brought to you by you the people of Patreon. Thank you very much for your support. We are brought to you by evalblut analysis.com. You can get your lab work done by Dave if you're in the UK. And hey, if you're in the UK, you can get some great health supplements from Strom, Sports, Nutrition. They've got some great health stacks, especially if you're on cycle. And they're available here in the US now too. We're also brought to you by SupplementSource.ca for Canadians. Great deals that change week to week in Canada. And of course, truenutrition.com use our code. Think to get 10% off all your basic body building supplements like protein powder, creatin, interwork out, all of that. Dave, I am freaking pumped today. This is going to be epic. We have Peter Magic joining us from Genoshik. Dude, you are basically a legend at this point, Peter. Well, thank you. I really do appreciate that. I've been doing this since I've been 17 years old. So it's quite a while for me as well. And I'm glad I finally made it to the legendary stuff. How long have you guys been? Let me first say this. Let me just kind of give you a little bit of an intro. So back when I was younger, we used to be able to test antibiotics steroids domestically, not a problem. And we had a lot of peer reviews, people sending in samples, labs sending in samples. Around 2007, ish or so. We had something that went down called Operation Raw Deal. And as a result, a bunch of domestic labs were busted. And our ability to test antibiotics derides became knocked off. We were no longer able to do it. So basically, we're just kind of shooting in the dark here. It is a long period of time until Genoshik came out. But now we can send our stuff out to get everything tested and be assured that, you know, we're getting the quality. We're getting the safety that we want out of unregulated, you know, anabolic steroid. And that's where you come into play. How long have you been doing this for now? Well, I'm not really sure if it was 2012 or 2013 when I started, but it's been roughly about a time. I would like to apologize for not being available right away in 2007, but I was only 13. So that didn't work right away. Yeah, no problem. I started doing this pretty young because I was into the powerlifting and bodybuilding scene a little bit. I had a lot of friends from the field. So, and they all had the same issue as you said. They had no way of knowing whether the stuff they were buying was the real day or not. And like everyone, the constant worry was whatever it's something else. I've got to grow what if I'm going to grow huge dates, whatever. They simply nobody really knew anything and they had to guess. So I figured this can't be that difficult. So I started, I figured at the local university, well, local from a couple hundred kilometers away. They had a quick month that was a friend who could help with that. So we started to do tests for friends for being money, basically the expenses plus a couple of beers for us. Just so they have a rough idea, weather, what they're using is what they paid for, what they expect or not. Okay, and it just took off from there. It continued to grow. You guys are well staffed now. You're not alone here. You're running, like all sorts of, I know you're running all sorts of tests. Can you give us some examples? What are the most popular testing that you guys do on a daily basis? Well, there's 30 of us over 30 of us at this point. Yeah, we received hundreds of samples every day. So it's pretty crazy. And we mostly, the most of the samples over 70% or 80% of them, they're mostly peptide hormones. Which became extremely popular in the recent years, especially with the advanced advance of GLP1 peptides, the white lost drugs. So there are a huge part of our business, but the 20 to 30% it's mostly the antibiotics, which are staple where by far the biggest lab in the world who does an anaerobic storage testing, in most of the countries, it's not even legally possible. There's only a couple of countries in Europe where it's actually legally possible to do this sort of test. And there's only a couple of other labs that do this. So for us it's mostly anaerobic steroids, then it's the peptides. And then of course we do everything else that might interest people. So we do hairlost drugs. We do a lot of experimental medicines, where pretty famous in the orphaned drug groups, like there's a couple of there's people who have some sort of disease that the drug is not available for, but there are a couple of drugs that are being investigated. So they procure this drug through various means, and they have us. That's them very far, very far, very far whether it's, whether they're really getting what they had custom made and stuff like that. We do a lot of interesting work in that regard. You know, the steroids is always the 40, 50 most common andabolic steroids all over again and again. And again, here and there you get an exotic ester here or something, something more rare. But an actual research sort of stuff, the actual difficult part of the business is dealing with the novel drugs and stuff like that. All right. Yeah, that can only imagine how busy you guys are. And we've got a bunch of stuff where we want to dig into actually talking about testing, but before we did, you know, with all of that said, do you see yourself as more of a like a scientist or a watchdog or an educator? Where do you see yourself fitting in in our culture? Well, I hope I could call myself a scientist. I don't feel calling myself a watchdog is appropriate. That's not my work. That's not what I do. I just provide people with the results and it's up to the people themselves to police the environment they are in. So I just give the information to people and they need to interpret them, which I will gladly help, but it's still, you know, there's always going to be stuff like, okay, he sent the people, when the people will claim he sent in a different sample etc. We need more independent testing, blind test, and that's something that the testing institution is unable to provide. That's what the, what the actual users, the people who buy stuff, who watch the reports, who get the stuff tested themselves, that's up to them. So I'm definitely not a watchdog about an educator. I tried, I tried to explain the testing to people, so they can grasp on how it works, what's important for them, but still that's not the main thing I do. I just get in, get in samples and try to provide a result that are easy to comprehend. That's why we keep the reports like really, really simple. I myself prefer the science beyond it, the most like dealing with the difficult samples, figuring something, figuring something out. That's the stuff I love, and that's mostly what I'm doing at the moment, the routing test, like the unabolic stress test, the test and anti 215. That doesn't really warrant my attention at this point, we have excellent personnel that can handle the common stuff perfectly. If they're unsure, they're not 20 multitasking, so we're in deep in red on the top that particle sample, because we ran so many tests on it, we run into negative profit, which happens quite often. When my stuff does like something they prefer to over-test the sample, I mostly deal with stuff when there's some issue that they can handle by themselves at this point. Have you ever had anybody come back with like a negative test, have you ever had anybody like try to bribe you or threaten you or anything like that, like hey bro, you can't put this information out there. I'm not really sure whether it's been 100 or 1000 stuff times. I know in the very early days there was a lot of argument around legitimacy. In the very early days when you were like when you were only 17, 18 and you first started, there were a lot of people question illegitimacy over here. Obviously time is proven that to be incorrect, but at the time obviously people were like oh he's getting back under from labs, he's getting nissies getting that. There were a lot of that flowing around in the early days, but I think the consistency of the business to fact that he's still here 12 or 13 years later is what you've just out traded a lot of that mistrust, because you're still here, you still go and you still produce some results. Yeah, I mean I do understand the skepticism because when I see I see new analytical labs pop up basically every week now and roughly 95% of the mar associated with someone. And I do understand the skepticism pretty well. I tried really hard to convince people back then, it didn't always work well, so at some point. At some point I just decided to go okay, so time will tell and then the year of five years, ten years past and they're like okay, so I guess time told it's been a lot of people they assume that I'm associated with someone, but it always turned out that my customers they come and go the big labs. It's been around for to see a lot of big names come and go and go and everyone when someone associated me to be associated with them, it turned out to be complete nonsense because you're still here they're gone. Yeah, the brides well it never really made sense to me because I was pretty proud back then and I'm still so it never occurred to me to accept the bribe I would think less of myself I couldn't have that right. But at some point the business turned out so profitable that it's impleted make no sense to erase the business for an impractical sense. Most of the labs, most of the manufacturers, distributors etc. they're much smaller than my company at this point and it would be it would be a rather difficult not only risking the business but we're all these companies so how. It's not quite possible to accept the bribe for a company that if I accepted bribe as a private person that would be the best thing ever for the law enforcement which doesn't particularly like my enjoy my line of business and make me accepting bribes it would be illegal. First and foremost second they could make they could accuse me of being associated with black market. One does that set where which could be interpreted in the court of law and terrible terrible by for me so it's simply not what the risk. But the people they try to bribe me all the time it's pretty insulting at this point but we just try to refuse in a calm manner. The actual business policy is to not let me talk to people who try that because I get angry easily. We've used to go a lot of threats to back and back and mostly the kiddo go so but once people understood that it's not just it was it stopped being a one man company the people understood that. If they try to threaten me I can actually push back I can actually report that and if someone in the black market is threatening people from some company the law enforcement is going to take a bite at them. Even if something happened there the company simply goes on there's 30 people in here and so some time roughly four or five years ago the threats they completely stopped or at least I'm not getting to the miles where people actually threaten us I'm not doing the miles most of the time so who knows what they're hiding from me. I'm sorry if you don't mind what point did the company change from you and a mate in a lab testing for your friends did did you get to a point where you go you know what there's a business here. Or did it just slowly evolve and then you were like shit actually I've created a business because I mean I assume originally it wasn't particularly the jittermise it was just a friend testing when he caught in the lab and that was that was it and then. As volume increase you were like right we need to get a little bit more organized we need to get a little bit more legit or. Did you build it as a legit company from the ground up from the very first day. Oh no like I said it's been mostly as a service to my friends. So we were doing it basically for being money we had a couple of years of profit and that was it. But one of my friends from the US he was like okay I'm gonna have this to stay and that's to stay at the even that that's to it you know because they are your cheap as a whole. And as an Eastern European whole so okay okay bad I love you so it's not gonna be 20 bucks for you is gonna be 60. For sample and that's the exact moment it's turned into a business he was pretty mad afterwards but he paid never to last. Hey 60 would still be a deal. I would have taken that you know. Yeah but it's been it's been pretty early on it must've been 2013 at most so about. Yeah that's what we started making making some actual profit and the people my friends they recommended me further. So I kept the price and okay so we needed to deal with more samples with more emails. Oh dealing with more difficulties so we charge the people more. And I actually it was untenable to keep doing this in the university so I started saving my share of the money. So I could start my own lab and we switched from the ice which from the US university labs to my own pretty early on. So that's where most of the money went and that's when it transformed into the business. Hmm yeah so back to the actual testing and you know we were talking about like people that were getting results that they weren't happy with. I have you ever seen like really serious issues with a product like contamination something like totally wrong. Something where the user's health could have been at serious risk had you not found this out. Well we're not saying stuff like that often but we've had a lot some block this this week this very week. We had I don't have it with me but we had this mom jar of pan you know there's a potato in a pan. Yeah we keep in or something like that is called I'm not richer and we tested it and there was no tears of potato in there. And we were like okay that's weird because the pan itself it looked pretty pretty well we didn't expect it to be a fake but we saw something in there. And we duck we duck we try to figure out what it is and it turned out to be in Zulayne in Zulayne gr. Glarkin I'm not sure if I'm pronouncing it right I've never heard that word in English but but a format in turn out. Yeah yeah it's got it can't I in Zulayne we don't know the dose we cannot test the dose without having a stand out for that one in a finished product. So in Zulayne while it is potentially we've seen some awesome pig pants that were really bought in Zulayne. So if you already on awesome pig you're in for a bad time that's some no job loading not being able to take it for a week but it's not going to kill you but you screw up with in Zulayne you there doesn't actually risk of death there. So we've seen that and then off the top of my head there's been it's not been a single location where people who are actually manufacturing you know clenpo terror tablets. They did not quite comprehend what microgram is so they made 40 milligram which could turn out to be potentially less well. And I'm really glad I'm really glad that we called sort of stuff like that like when the actual manufacturer had it tested. Yeah before they put it on the market and we like no dude to stop this don't let any of this get anyway because you're gonna be in for a very very bad time. So we don't have. We don't have to be massively increased is profit much. Yeah one tablet will break down to an entire bottle at that point you know. Yeah yeah I mean I'm I'm I'm really glad the guy he the guy who actually this happened for happened to he had really good. Oh how do I put it. He was used to having everything tested before he sold it and it saved his eyes in this case because you know you put something like this between the people. There's gonna be. But I'm cost and that's gonna start an investigation and he would get in into a world of trouble and you don't want to do that to your clients I assume. So we do see we do see stuff like this. That's a here and that's incredible. I want to jump forward and talk about it talk you know before I do though I do want to mention one thing when we were talking about the bribes. You know the potential or rumors of. I would say this the number one way to check you would be to do our own testing if I sent you. Let's say that you had a testing company that was you know getting bride if I were to then buy their product or whatever and then I send you an unlabeled. Vio you can't know who's that is and you're gonna give me the results so like I just I wanted to throw that up there that we can keep you in check by doing our own testing and not just relying on COAs that we see online you know what I'm saying. Exactly. I always tell the people setting blind samples. Yes, they do the samples by yourself. I mean you can you can put half cooking oil half sample and you'll know we are sell and then you're sending the original sample to and if it's not the results on my chart, you know someone somewhere is growing up. Yeah. Hey, what's going on guys? Just a quick shot out to true nutrition. I figured I bring you to the home gym here so welcome and I just wanted to show you my order so nothing big deal. I've got a few pounds of the cold filtered weight ISO. I'm a big fan of the cookie butter flavor. I've been on this this year. This is like then my favorite but they've got a bunch of different flavors. So if you're interested in something else just check them out. It's a very light protein overall. It's not going to blow your digestion down. It's not going to cause a bunch of water retention. This is the kind of protein that I suggest to people who are doing a contest crap. They've got all your basic bodybuilding supplements like creatin. They've got great intro workout, highly brand-sick leg dexter and which is the high end and then they've got the cheaper stuff like carbolo. Like anybody can afford that. It of course use our code. Think it'll get you 10% off. They really kicked up. It used to only be 5% now. You get 10% off if you use the code and it throws some money our way to. So it definitely helps the podcast out of time. Might be a buck here and there, but you know if you guys all use the code it definitely adds up. And you have been using the code. So thank you for that. Let's get back to the podcast, but thank you for hanging out with me here in the home gym. What's up Dave? We're very quick one. Have you seen a trend in, I mean obviously this probably going to be about a 1050% margin on dosing because it will be quite, I would have thought dosing would be quite very well. But have you seen any trends in the quality of drugs in general? So obviously more recently there's been raw shortages coming out of China. So have you seen an increase in incorrectly labeled or incorrectly dosedugs more recently than you had saved the previous 12 months? Have you seen patterns like that where there's a because I would imagine and I don't know this is particularly just down to you. I mean obviously you are a large operation, but for a while we we sort of seen in general from user feedback we've had a fairly stable market when it came to quality of drugs drugs seem to be reasonably good. Yeah. Generally speaking decent quality well dose and then obviously with the shortages things seem to have gone a riot again prior to that quality of drugs seem to be in the bin. Has that changed? Yeah. So have you seen any trends in that in the waves in sort of you know it's gone really bad for a while and then it's good for a while. Yeah. Well given the time we've been around we've seen a couple of scoupl off times when the quality of drugs went down or availability changed. But to put it mildly and excuse my fringe in the past couple of months it winds completely down the shitta if I may. No no you don't have no. Yeah. I've never seen it been as bad as it is now where we're testing a lot of rope holders that turn out to be anything but steroids. We we we're seeing a lot of vitamin it talk of aero acetate which is vitamin E being sold as steroids we're seeing paracetamol being sold as I don't know what a central on we're seeing we're getting a hundred of roll point samples that turn out to not be steroids at all. Like we get we get we get an order of twenty samples of twenty partners and not a single one of them turn out to be a steroid. So it's never been as bad as this everyone's pretty desperate to find some source of the raw material materials. And then there's a lot of places a lot of people who don't test of whom I've gotten I I'm hyperteratized in here but they might gotten 10 bags of something three bags turned out well and seven didn't but they didn't know because they tested only one of them. And then they make tablets out of that or they make all is out of that and then we we're seeing all the tablets that don't contain nothing at all. So yeah, what we're seeing right now with anabolic steroids where it's it's complete in my hand. We've never seen it as bad as it is right now throw all materials there's really a real scarcity at this moment that's being getting worse and worse. So so so the development in the past couple of months I would say it's it might be roughly a year it's getting worse and worse. Wow yeah we've been excuse me we've been watching that whole progression along the way and we've been trying to track down like exactly what's going on. You know we've heard all sorts of stories about this precursor is an available we've heard stories of that a lot of places in China are getting shut down raw producers have you had any kind of insight into what the big change was all about. I do have a I do have a rather good idea it's been mostly that particle people in China had been arrested that been involved with the biggest the anabolic third manufacturing plant and a lot of people went down with them so everybody's pretty anxious about starting manufacturing keeping warehouses and that. I want to be putting out names but it's both been caused by single major arrest that lot too many arrests in China. Wow okay there's that's some news for a state because we we didn't we didn't know that we've been trying to get into this and and find out I know that you know having followed you and paid attention to things you know the work you've done. I've heard you say that you ask is your number one market then China where everything's being created is number two. You know what what kind of changes are you seeing there are you saying like that some of the raw powders that they're directly sending out are are coming back as bad from the source or you say and more that like the things that are fake or underdosed are people that received the raw powder and then send it to you. Well we used to get a lot of raw powders directly from China from the manufacturers or distributors and that sort of stopped the most of the anabolic steroids samples from China that is simply stopped coming. So what we're where we're getting most of the anabolic steroids sample is anywhere but China. How basically are anabolic steroids all this or analyze all this from China. Let's say they dropped to five to ten percent of what they used to be compared to a year or two ago. Yeah which is huge considering the amount of work you guys are doing now. I mean are you seeing anybody else pick up this slack like Turkey and Dia are there any labs in other countries that are so nobody stepped up to the market yet. Exactly that's been those been no influx for all manufacturers for money out of country so far. Wow this sounds bleak Dave. Hmm. Quickly or question if you don't mind. In the UK obviously the Laura Rasteroids is a bit unusual. Testing samples provided by a private individual is no problem. Perfectly they are called that can be done easily over here. Where it gets tricky and this is the bit that I found interesting. There would be a potential viewpoint here that if you were receiving raw from a manufacturer that you could be implemented in support in the supply. As that being do you have any legal grey areas around actually receiving the raw powders or is that just it's fine each because it doesn't evolve you with a sample it's quite small. Well the volume of the sample is quite small we don't we don't need a lot of sample for the testing and the law here we we have the paperwork for unlimited import export handling and everything of this. So if I wanted to import 550 tons of trend blog right here right now there would be no legal white to stop us from doing so. We of course we of course don't abuse the system because we want to keep the relationships with the author. Yes. As as good as possible we we don't screw around like that but technically the paperwork we have is completely unlimited and every possible regard. Yeah. I know that the it was never tested so no one knew it would really be but the general consensus was if you start receiving raw as a testing up here that they would implement you in support in the supply. No no such thing over here we receive a lot of raw materials some here and there a simple mistake like instead of sending one gram of a sample we received one killer. It happens here and there and the customs they know that because all our mail we received with a lot of scheduled chemicals. Yeah and the customs they check each and every mail of us and we need to declare it properly. So they know exactly what we're important. Because we need to keep the evidence of import. Get in rate of the samples our situation etc. So we do produce roughly 10,000 pages of paperwork every. Oh, guys. Thank you. I do have like 30 people on staff because that doesn't sound like the fun part of the job. That that certainly isn't. I've got one more one more question on on the issue with Ros currently. How common is it to see like a pristine. Primo sample and master on a nett because I'm seeing those as being the two most difficult ones to get and from my end of things I'm seeing a lot of labs that aren't carrying it. I'm seeing labs that are doubling their pricing. And labs also that are saying hey there's no problem we're going to sell it to you at the same price it's always been which definitely raises my eyebrow. Well, there's this major issue with the fact we don't know what most of the antibody storage samples are supposed to be. We push people strongly towards sending those blind. So we don't know if the oil was supposed to be 32.000 gr. test propionite or 100 primal. We can guess that it was not supposed to be the 30m gr. test be but. So for most of the samples we don't know we don't want to know what it's supposed to be because if we don't know it and without the people it increases you know the trust in our work. And but generally we're seeing the primal and master their fact a lot less than what would assume. Okay. I mean I like to tell the story a lot but your biggest risk of getting fake primal is getting those cool tiny rhymeable and amps from buyer. If you're getting those you you're putting yourself in a huge risk of getting a cooking oil in a while in an expensive ampoule. Okay. So a lot of those we're seeing they contain nothing but oil inside. So that's that's an interesting tidbit of what we're seeing but generally the. Master and primal oils they're not fake more than other oils. Of course there's a bias if the people are already sending the. The samples to us then there the people who know that there's possibility of testing stuff then the people who can use the internet to Google to look for the reviewed. So that's the bias that we what we're seeing is cream of the crop you know we're not we're not going to get an oil been sold in a basambat alley. So that's a huge bias in the so we're seeing cream of the crop but from what we're saying the must and primal oils they're not fake more than anything than any other stuff. Okay. And that's assuming that yeah so that makes sense as long as that's what they're if I'm sending you something to tell me hey you got 250 milligrams test sip on the nose. But I'm saying oh man that was supposed to be primo that's that's another story right. Yeah yeah we don't we only one samples to be labeled by numbers like one to three ABCD if we don't care the the the last we know about the sample the sample name the manufacturer the batch the last type in there is for us when you shoot the right. So all right. Yeah. One one last question to is you know what's what's one thing that you wish the steroid using community new about you know basically doing the things that we do using the things that we use to to reach our goals and bodybuilding when it comes to PEDs. While what I like to tell people is that you only got one health so stay as safe as possible and really consider what what you're doing. What's necessary, et cetera, just there's there's you can always do more anabolic later on, but you can save up how to once you screw it up. And the simpler you keep stuff the better for you, but also I'm a huge I'm a huge fan of not touching anything that doesn't have at least 40 years of medical research on human. You know the testosterone human growth hormone even in the land are extremely well researched compounds. People know exactly what happens when you use them et cetera et cetera would risk they carry. They're like they're well known compounds, but in every field and bodybuilding, especially you get new compounds popping up every year that's supposed to do something interesting call. But just those molecules are not studied, the people cannot know what really are the long term effects of doing that what and research stars might be the most worrisome trend I'm seeing in every community around is that they hope on every new stuff. And they don't consider the risk so risk so with the anabolic steroids that are well researched if you really do need to use them to achieve your goals just stay as reasonable and as safe as possible for people like the risk of you. Get in random labor or kidney cancer from testosterone or stuff like that are almost nil but getting it from research compound something something I don't want to mention in names but there's some well known ones that. People suspect of being pretty risky in this regard. Yeah. So basically don't try to reinvent the wheel just stay as safe as possible. I don't feel very. I don't feel like I should be advising people to watch I just give them data that have available but a lot of oftentimes I see people doing really on the internet I keep try to keep in touch in the community and see people doing very for some stuff which they could fix. In ways that are not as risky though are they're health or anything. Yeah, yeah, that's a big message that we try to send home to. If people are interested in getting testing if they want to follow along with any work that you're putting out what are the best ways to number one work with you in number two follow what you're doing and he releases that you have on reports and stuff like that. While we don't really have an unified channel for communication with the people we hope to have a new website soon but it's been. Like going to hell and back again with trying to get an issue of running. But so far the best way to get in touch with us and two business is to simply mail us at infoadionosheep.com. That's where we have a we have a team of people handling the emails so they they have orders they handle questions. They try to avoid as many questions as possible because we're not really qualified to provide advice on cycles on health stuff especially on the mailbox girls. And we cannot a lot of people there ask us for recommendations on brands and everything. Yeah, that's a big one. Yeah, and we try to tell the like no it really can do that you know what sort of a testing lab would do. If ever tested lab is advice in you is a recommend in someone that's a big red flag for me. Yeah, that's like okay. Yeah, they're going to be as there's like 95% that this lab is going to be associated with them. You see it all the time there's a testing lab nobody ever heard of but from out of nowhere some other lab manufacturer vendor they pop up and all the testing is from the single lab nobody ever heard of. So that's a very proud. Yeah exactly. I mean I was the met. I won't recommend branding around you like that in the coaching and stuff because it's like you say you're guilty by association. Yeah, but you also lose your professionalism as a testing organization. It's like when we do the blogs we don't recommend any brands will recommend types of supplements to support health but we won't recommend brands. Exactly to me then if you're recommending a brand and people are going why you recommend that band is it because you're getting paid by that brand to do that. What I so I would rather recommend the ingredients the make that product and then they can go and source the product they want. Yeah, not only is a very unprofessional. Given that these are scheduled compounds most of the time and everything it could put us and like a league responsibility sort of situations. So I would like to avoid it to but the biggest part for me is it would be unprofessional. Send it my way I'll deal with I'll deal with that cycle much. Well thank you for taking the time to hang out with us man we understand that you're super busy over there. This has been extremely insightful man and we both really appreciate it. I'm sure that our listeners are going to appreciate it too. Well thank you to it's been a great pleasure talking with you. Guys we've got Peter magic here from genosik had over get everything tested be safe and for another episode of the podcast with Dave Crosslin. I'm Scott McNalley we'll see you soon.