You know, if someone Googles you and they look at your Wikipedia, they get, you know, greatest power lift of all time, the go 71 world records or whatever it says. And how often would you go to a meet and, you know, you do your opener lift and then you're like, oh, today I'm setting a world record. Like, you remember at some of those when you just knew? 71 times. But answer ever. Hey, everybody. Welcome to It's Just Body Building. Of course, myself, big round part. Low, dusty handshaw, Scott McNally. And on today's show, we have the goat of power lifting, Ed Cone. Welcome to This Show Ed. It's an honor to have you on It's Just Body Building. Oh, thanks. I'm actually happy to be here. Very cool. Yeah, man. I first met you in 2017, actually posted the picture yesterday. And I was real stoked. I just, you were one of those guys that, you know, I was a bodybuilder, right? And I just, I just never expected to like run into you and meet, you know, Ed Cone. And then you were at the, I think it was a slingshot booth that year. Yeah, probably. And I'm just a normal guy. Yeah, like everyone else. Yeah. We had a great chat. And we bonded over the fact that we both tore the same quad. Nice. I blew my, my fatella tendon in half. Yeah, yeah. I did the quad tendon on the same leg. So we had matching scars. So that was that was a little moment where I felt like I had, I mean, Ed Cone have one thing in common. Yeah. I wasn't your strength, huh? No, we're not just right. I think I did mine with a little more weight. Yeah, yeah, you my short. I was jumping on the camera. I'm holding it. I'm holding it. All right. You know, so Ed, you know, if someone Googles you and they look at your Wikipedia, they get, you know, greatest power lift of all time, the go 71 world records or whatever it says. And I just wanted to show you what I did today. I am. Uh-oh. What do we get out here? I asked chat GPT. I'm going to send this to Scott. OK. OK, interesting. Eduro and chat GPT is this new A, it's the new A. And the new shit. Yeah. Yeah, which is kind of scary. This is kind of scary. So I said it to hold this. He's going to throw it up. I asked chat GPT. I said, who is the greatest power lifter of all time? All right. And chat GPT, Scott will throw it up here. There you go. The answer to this question is subjective and can vary depending on personal opinions and criteria. However, many consider American power lifter ed code to be the greatest of all time. Numerous championships, multiple world records, total 2463 at a body weight of 220 was known for his exceptional technique, strength and consistency, which earned on the nickname the greatest power lifter of all time. How do you feel about robots saying this about you? I feel good about anybody saying that about me. That's it was I just thought I wondered what A.I.s going to say. Because you know, it's pretty cool. It's combing the internet. I've typed a few names in and it said, like I've asked it a few of those types of questions before. And it's like, oh, it's difficult to select one greatest. This is subjective. And it just stops there. But let's paint the material. Yeah, there must be enough material that says you that it's forced to be like, that's cool. One more another. I just lasted a long time. Yeah, man. So when did you start training? Like what year was it when you put a bar on your back? When I was actually still in grammar school, I started at a old universal machine that a friend of mine had in his basement. And we're actually doing that. That I'll 15, 14. We actually started off doing atlas's home programs that he used to have. No kidding. No, I didn't. So you wouldn't get sand kicked in your face on the beach. Yeah, yeah. Those kind of routines. We started off that way. And then after we watched pumping iron, it kind of set us off to go crazy. So did you think you're going to get into, I know you did. And we'll probably get into this. I know you did a body-bling show as a teenager. Did you think from the start that you were going to be a body-builder at first? I tried it. And I liked it because I liked lifting. But when I got into it, I didn't like the process as much as lifting heavy. OK. I didn't like when all of a sudden I got strong and gained all this weight. And then I had to lose it. It wasn't fun anymore. Yeah. So then when I then, that was like the Central USA Body-building Championships in 1980. I was still 16. And they didn't even have music to post. That was before that. Dang. And I was in a teenager division. I took weight out there. And I think in the heavy weights for the open, Lance Drir-1 and Tim Bellnap was in it back then. You're kidding me. Yeah, Sergio was in the audience. And not that long after that, like about five months after that, I tried my first power lifting meat. And I was like a Dr. Water. He. It was my thing. Yeah. You never looked back here. Well, I won. Well, here's funny because I was like 150, 2 pounds, even shorter than I am now. And they had to take the weight off the rack and put on my back because the rack didn't go low enough. No kidding. Yeah. That's awesome. But I mean, I wanted to take best lift there. So then I was pretty much hooked. And my whole career, it's always been more of a power bodybuilding routine than anything. I wanted to be bigger and stronger. That's what's really great. And that was one of the things, too, that shock to me looking at your physique. I'm used to looking at the power lifters of today. You looked like just a thicker, jacked bodybuilder. Why was that? What was different about the way you lifted back then? And the way training was back then compared to what the guys are doing now. Because you had a completely different look. It was kind of like a cross between the 80s, WWF wrestlers. A bodybuilder. It's going to send a power lifter. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because like David Smith's looking here. There you go. I'll take that back then. Yeah. I kind of just filled in the blanks. Wherever I didn't want any lift to be weak. So I knew that to get my bench up, I had to have my incline stronger, my dip stronger, my triceps stronger, all the parts of my shoulders stronger. I knew for deadless, I had to have my stiff legs stronger. My bent over rose stronger, my chin up stronger, the same in the squat for a high bar, close stance squat, and all offseason for my quads. Because that was my weakness. So I just put in other exercises that would work my weaknesses that were bodybuilden exercises. And I just shifted them around in season or offseason. No kidding. And so like that extra muscle that wouldn't have any kind of a negative impact or I don't know. I don't know. OK. OK. That's interesting, man. Yeah. You got to figure no one ever set on a bench for being too strong. Yeah. Right. Did you have other people that watched you train that were power lifters that either questioned your training mentality or immediately wanted to adopt it, because it was working so well? Yeah. Everybody that trained with me adopted it. Well, if you wanted to train with me, you can head to. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I would just talk about the other numbers. Yeah. I would write down all their numbers and stuff like that. The guys nowadays, a lot of the people, they do so much volume and squat bench and deadlift so many times a week that they neglect the weakness. And what I always say is, everyone has a strength and weakness. And if that weakness, if there's too much of a gap, that's where either you don't make progress or you get hurt. So in my offseason, I always want to shrink that. And you're at the place longer because you have the less weaknesses. So for example, if you're working, if you want your deadlift to go up, your solution was, you know, get my stiff leg up, get my bent row up, all that stuff. Yeah, where is my weakness and the deadlift? What will do that? So it was usually off a deficit, like a two to three inch deficit, I would do all my work with no belt in the offseason, the strength and everything that needed to be strengthened. So then when I do add a belt and then do go off the floor, wow. Hmm. Right. So you're saying the other people would sort of just focus on their deadlift. Three times a week, deadlift, deadlift, deadlift, deadlift. But when they go to stiff leg deadlift or bent row or deficit, deadlift, they're weak. Yes. Yeah. And that week this shows up in the long run. I mean, everyone can lift lightweight, being weaker with bad form. Put on a bunch of weight and all of a sudden, now you find out what you have to do, you just have to be smart enough for brave enough to get rid of your ego to say, this is what I got to address. I got to work on this week lift. Yeah. Do you remember, do you remember, could you tell, look at guys that were training like during a meet? What their weakness was when they would miss, like when you would see. Yeah, I should always, oh, right, right away, right away. That's awesome. I could tell where they're strengthened, weak was, usually by looking at their physique, too. No kidding. Yeah. That's so cool. Really? I mean, if you see guys up on their chest and monster triceps, you know, he's going to be able to bench. Yeah, right. Yeah. Right. Do you remember where you were, or how old you were when, you know, you sort of realized, like, oh, I'm better at this than most people. When did that really start to show up? I never did. I never thought of it. I really never thought of it. I just thought, I was just out for it for me. I didn't care what anyone else did. I was just out for it for me to hold time. How do I keep making progress? And I could use basically the same routine as long as the off season. I was honest with myself and worked on my weak points. Yeah. That's why I never stopped. I got bigger and stronger. I mean, I ended up weighing the most ever way was like 248 or something for our contest. And I still had some abs. So I never got fat because I kept on putting on muscle and muscle and muscle. I didn't think about it any other way. I didn't give a shit. I really didn't. Yeah. When was your first world record? Yeah. My first world record exceeding lift was in 1984. In 181 pound class in the deadlift. And back those in those days there was only two hour away and no deadlift bar. And I pulled 791. And I was like, what? I was still 20 years old. Oh my god. Oh my god. When, 181. I brain broken. That's why. So did you see that? That's stiff bar. Did you see that? That's a stiff bar. Back when you were a kid working on the universal machine with your buddies. Were you like stacking that machine a lot faster than your friends were? Yeah. So it was like right for the start. Because I was so, I mean my first year in high school I was 4-11, 98 pounds. So my drive was a little bit different than theirs. My purpose was where I looked at myself as the 98 pound weekly. And I had to prove to myself all the time. And it just felt really good to do it. Yeah. Yeah. I could relate to that. Yeah. Here's one. When I used to work out in my basement I had these ISO kinetic machines and a few little dumbbells. And I bought Arnold's book Education of a Body Boater. And I did every single exercise he had in there one whole night. It was like a five hour routine. Because I didn't know what a routine was. The entire book. You're saying you just did the same thing. Yeah. The entire book I did the same thing with Franko's book too. Actually my first, my body boom contest that I did. I took off Franko's poses from the back and did that same thing in order. Oh no. Okay. Because he was a shorter guy too. And he was a strong guy too for a bodybuilder. You've always been. I see what. Oh go ahead. Oh no. You see when I, when I, when I first met Arnold at a Sears store, a big box store. I had him sign like a $5 bill for me. And when I walked up to him, my head was right in his chest. Okay. And I was like, fuck, I can't be Arnold. So then I saw Franco and I saw him at a sporting good source. So I watched him and I saw him like put like a 310 pound set and he walked up and did some deadless with him. Boom. I was in love with Franco right away. So today to me, Arnold Schwarzenegger, you either need to like buy some sort of special package at the urinal classic and then you get to attend an event and then you get to take a picture with him. And he shakes your hand and then you walk away or you have to actually win a show. And then he comes up on stage and asks you how hard you train to do this. But you're telling me there was a time in life that you could walk into a Sears. A Sears and you could meet Arnold. Huh? What was that all about? Yeah, he was promoting his book education of a bodybuilder. No kidding. Michael was Franco, musta had some deal or promoting his little book and it was a sport marks door back in the old days. So what kind of like what was going on there? I'm just trying to picture this. So this is like 19 what first of all. Like 85, 85, 85 was Arnold. No, he started. Like in the late 70s, I think we're ready. So late 70s and Sears and where there other people was there like a lineup or what was like. Yeah, everyone was there watching around him. No kidding. Yeah. That's amazing. That is so weird. I mean, you're like right next to him watching him talk and answer questions and was right out there in the open. It was really cool. That is wild. You even think that that even took place at a time, you know? And Franco in the sporting good store, they just put a chair up where all the weights were and everyone got to walk up right there. No kidding. Hmm. If you've always been a sense of security now. Yeah, right? Oh, yeah, I've always been a, I mean, bodybuilders fucking hard. That's probably why most of the power lifters got involved in power lifting. That's a lot harder. When you throw out all the diet stuff that's rough, there's no way I could have done that. That was, it just wasn't me. I found what I was good at and I loved it. That's interesting. Yeah. Yeah, what I did is I figured if I could get the best of the time. What I was in power lifting in the strongest I could possibly be, I was going to look pretty good anyways. Yeah, I got to find up with some pictures up too because like I said, I was shocked when I first saw what you looked like because like you pull and weight off the floor, I would have thought for sure. Like you had that Franco like look that really packed dense muscle, you know, which is which is very different. Yeah. But it just a very different look than what we see today when we think of what a power liftor looks like. There's just such a separation now between the look of a power liftor, the look of a bodybuilder and I feel like at the time you really bridged that and I feel like that maybe was part of why you kind of can still, you crossed those boundaries in a way, really. I think it's why it lasted so long too. Hmm, no kidding. Because I had more muscles here. So there's less weaknesses. Yeah. Right. How long did you compete for? I'm a 1980 to 2007. So 28 years damn. Because like, you know, and I want my first, like, championship in 84. Yeah. Like that, like power lifting to us, you know, you say all bodybuilding is hard because the diet, but me and Dusty have had this conversation before like power lifting, like you guys are lifting like these crazy, depoundages I just think man, that's like an NFL career. That's like three years tops. Yeah. And you can't, you can't, you can't. You know, 28 years. I trained a guy one time for a power lifting. Me Chuck Sandow, he's from Illinois, he's the head of NPC Illinois. Oh, yeah. He got his pro card. And I trained him for a power lifting meet once and he went 9 for 9, had 27 white lights, but he had to take a whole month off after training because he said his joints and tendons were so sore because he wasn't used to it. That's not how he trained all his life. He makes sense. Yeah. I trained in the, in the, in the, in the back, we're going together. Oh, no kidding. Yeah. Yeah. Where are you, USHM? Yeah. What a great guy. So, yeah, that's funny. I, that's how I feel I'd be. I'd be like, I, I'd need like to go to like a physical therapy retreat or something after the power. Yeah. But if I did a leg routine with you guys, I guarantee I would be in bed for three days. Right. Right. I do, when I hear it's a treat to the leg, I die from a, when you, when you take you guy from a different sport, what do you find is the most difficult part on the mental side? Because for me, I have, I've always been a, I call it power building the way I lift. It's, it's heavy, but it's for reps. You know what I mean? So, yeah. Well, say, oh, you should have been a power lifting, you know, because I was really built better for that anyways, but I don't think they understand the mental difference between, say, stepping back with 600 pounds on a squat and knowing you can do it seven, eight, nine times versus stepping any weight back going, I hope I can get this once. Like, that's a, you know what I mean? It's a mental difference. Like, because I, I know what you mean. Peter, yeah. I never approached a weight. I didn't think I could get. I never called for it. So, my confidence was always right. And I based everything I did in the, in the meat, I'm what I didn't training. So then you get to the camp in your warm-ups. It's like, hmm, am I going to have a good day or a bad day? You got to decide then what your day is going to be like. You can't just, you can't completely base it on what training, because you're not at your own gym, you don't have your own spotters, you're, you've got time, you've got a clock timing you, you've got different judges. So all of it is all different. So you've got to take your, take your opener, make sure it's light enough, and then decide how am I going to pick my numbers? I didn't just go in and say, at this meat, this is what I'm going to lift and that's it. No, I based it on how I felt all along. That's what you're doing. How often would you go to a meat and, you know, you do your opener lift and then you're like, oh, today I'm setting a world record. Like you remember at some of those when you just knew? 71 times. But it's answered ever. So essentially what you're saying is all is those 71 world records, they weren't a surprise by the time you actually set them because you knew earlier in the meat. No, not at all. It's already. I knew what I didn't training. Yeah. Yeah. That's awesome. How often, how often would you be lifting something at a meat that you had never lifted? You were just going out. I was all the time. I'm almost all the time. I was. I never, I never maxed out in training. I always saved it for the meat. One time I was in Russia, when Russia was still Russia and we were at a old gym with all these old Olympic weight lifters and they told us that don't blow your rod in the gym all the time, you only have so many maxes in your body and your lifetime that you're capable of. So I never did. Right. It was a fairly heavy double into the ninety, like 95 percent. And that was more than heavy enough. Because all the training I did before, by the off season, all the beginning training up until about three quarters of a training cycle are all to get you stronger. And then at the end, it's just make sure you peak right and you hold on to that strain. What there's a lot of like different power lifting, you know, from a bodybuilder looking in, obviously, I don't fully understand the power lifting world. I'm a buddy of a Dave Tate, you know, I know Mark Bell and you know, I know you and like to stuff like that. But there's all these different systems. You know, I see the, I hear about the five three one and I hear about, you know, westside conjugate and you know, all these different sort of systems. How are you feeling? And all these are the ones now. Yeah. I mean, is there anything now that you say, well, that sort of how I trained, like, what system would you have fallen into? Or was it just totally, Oh, literally, literally. Organization. Just okay. I learned from old time bodybuilders and strongmen, they used to do all of them together. Hmm. So I wanted to be big and strong. Yeah. Right. But story my life. And with all, with all the systems, they all work and they all don't work. It usually depends on volume and how you pick your numbers. If you don't, if you aren't realistic, you'll always fail. What happens usually when someone fails a routine usually it's about, uh, they picked it or I'm numbers meaning, built in. It's really easy. Then they say, well, why would I go this this week when it was so easy? I'm going to go this instead and they go heavier. Not realizing that messes up the end of the routine where you're going to end up at. So about 75% of the way through the routine, all of a sudden they miss a lift and they don't start feeling good. They feel drained because they're overtraining because they screwed up. It's not the routines fault. It's their fault. So you got to be realistic in every single every every number I figured on on paper. And I'd write a routine down 20 times sometimes. It was like that, uh, was that Jim Carrey movie 23 or somewhere at all the numbers written down all over the place. That was me. I would write routines. But every single week had the build for the next week, but at all, all of it had to be doable in my mind already. It doesn't mean it's not challenging, but it was all doable. And that's why it worked. Right. I was told once that, um, you know, because I remember when I was young and much, dumber, um, I, I said, I said, Hey, I don't understand, you know, power lifters. I heard someone say they don't train to failure. And you know, at the time, I was thinking of body building and I were just like training hard and all that. And I was like, why don't they train to failure? And, and someone told me they, they don't ever want to do a rep that isn't perfect. Because they're also programming their nervous systems to lift perfectly. And if they start doing four straps and stuff like that, things aren't exactly the way they should be. You know what I mean? Is that so? No, it doesn't. And it does put you in a state where you can't recover from. Ingo heavier the following way. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not, we don't want, we don't care about a pump. Not on our main exercises that much. Even though I might drop down to do a set of 10 in the off season and start my training routine off like that, the purpose is for more speed. It's more challenge when you got when you get higher in the reps at the end to hold your technique and a drive through it. Those a little bit of testicular fortitude. And it is hypertrophy. Yeah, yeah. But I love how you, I love how you said like, you know, one of the reasons that you throw it in was just because it sucked. Like build some testicular fortitude. I like that term testicular fortitude. That's I'm stealing. I've got to get it. That's not a school or I can't help it. School, I love that. You've got to learn how to fight through something for when it's going to be heavy. You know, you take a weight off at a comp. It's like I said, because all the conditions are different than home, you got to have your shit dialed in as far as mentally. And that that's the start of the lift. Usually most lifts and I even said on Dave Tates is it happens 90% of lifts are miss at the very beginning when you start the lift. Not and that doesn't mean when I start the sentence, squat, that means when I take it off the rack. How I approach the bar has to be perfect. That dictates how I grab the bar, how I set up under the bar. All that has to be perfect for a perfect setup. Now after that, now you can squat. If that's off a little bit, right when you start going down, if that's off, how you're going to be in a good position to come up with it, just like a squat or a bench and a definitely also. So that part is very important. And a lot of that is built through a systems work where there's not a weak point. So my every part of my back could squeeze from from the lower part of my, my neck all the way into my lower back, every part of my back, I would squeeze into my spine and be able to do that. Well, a lot of guys don't even have lower lats because they know work that shit. Well, that's the bridge. That's the bridge you have your lower body and your upper body. Those lower lats is the length that holds everything together. So upper and lower body, like in a squat or a deadlift can work at the same time. If that part is weak, that's when the fall over. Right. Right. Yeah, that's it. You know, it, it makes sense to me as a body builder. You know what I mean? Yeah, like you know, you want your reps to be perfect. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely. I want to get a favorite story. Exactly. What you want out of it. Yeah. What one of my favorite stories about you had is that there were there was a point in time where you'd go to lift or you'd go to meets and your warmups would be more weight than they actually had back stage in the warmup room. So you'd have to go out onto the platform to do like unofficial warmup lifts. Is that true? Yeah, it was in in Las Vegas. I walked out on stage. Uh, I didn't even time. I used it was like 850 or 870 was my last warmup. 870 I think. So I walked out on stage and didn't walk back. Oh, God. And they're just like, I was just hoping for the competition. It's just a number. I didn't even time I choose. Yeah, I used to jump. I think the most I ever went out, walked out and squatting was 892 without time. Before I decided on maybe I should time it's just a just a time to use after you 92. Yeah. So we all have a 100 requires to choose. Tell us about the one you'd you set that crazy total. Uh, what did chat GPT say it was 24 24. So you're still in like 63. Yeah. Uh, at at at 220 pounds. Correct. Yeah. Yeah, and those days there was a two hour weigh-ins. Yes. So what would you do? Would you have to make like, did you have to do a lot to make way or were you kind of 220? Um, when I went up to 242, I didn't, but I did, I went up to 242 just so I could squat and bench more weight. My levers were good. So I didn't have to worry about getting, you know, that messing with my deadlift or anything because I had these, you know, freaking monster hands. I can actually still palm a basketball with that hand. So yeah, okay. So you've got really long fingers and giant hands for a short guy. Really, you might. Yeah, my, my, I've got a really, really wide fist. So you've got a great bar wrap. So that really helps your deadlift. And I worked tonight. I had a trip before with bar holds. Hmm. Yeah. That's, that's funny. So just those structural, you know, those things that are structurally good for that lift. Big hands. What else would be great for deadlifting long arms and a very large back. And a very large bar. Okay. A part of the, so tell us about that. It melts about that net the 2400 total at 220. What where was that? Let's see, 2463. I believe that was in Las Vegas. Okay. So Las, I squat. I squat, I squat it. Yeah, I squat at a thousand three that day. I benched like 5.73 or 78. And I deadlifted 87. I switched from sumo to conventional for that. Me, because I had torn a little piece of an inductor and training. So I just decided to go conventional and I could still pull nine if I wanted to. So I just wanted the total record. At the time, a guy named Anthony Clark had the total record. He was a super heavy weight though. Yeah. And a different, and a different Federation. So I was like, well, I was a powerlifter first looking to be the best. So my object instead of taking nine hundred, I told 887 just to make sure I had a higher total than him that day. Right. So what was the closest, which lift was the most maxed out that day, the thousand three squat? I'll probably the bench, because what my long arms, it wasn't exactly conducive to big benches. Even though I mean. I still, I still doubled 550 raw and training and did 550 for a pause with my feet up. So it's not like I had a bad bench. But it was weaker compared to the other two. Yeah, I've heard you say before that you really felt like you connected to the squat. And that's something that I love the squat personally. What, what is it about that movement? And I feel like if you like the squat, it can be like an entire love affair of its own, just with that movement. Can you talk about your relationship with the squat? I really like the mental aspect. Yeah. And the way I squat, you know, that cue open your tank. Okay. It's never heard, but it makes sense. If you learn how to open up your hips from up high before you squat, you know, the hip, the hip and shoulder are the same way. It's going like this. Right. Well, if you don't open up your hips, your hip flexors end up flexing hard and stop you from going down all the way. But it ends up making. So your hip doesn't rotate in the socket. So you don't use your hips in the rest of your hamstrings the way you should. Where it would be like doing a high bar close to hand squat, um, with your heels slightly raised. That would be all quad and no hip whatsoever, which is good for development. But not for what we want power. Yeah. So once I learned the reason why everything felt so good, I, that's when I started adapting it even more. But, uh, yeah, it, I, I just love it. I love being able to get under a tabar and walk it out and make it feel light. Yeah. That's a challenge. What's the most you've ever walked out? Uh, uh, 1041. It was a 10 Scott in case you missed it. Yeah. Did you squat it or were you just wondering where you're just walking it out? I just, I just walked it out and training to feel it. Okay. Still. If you can make it feel light, it's going to be light. Yeah. Man, how many, you know, what's it like to, I mean, I know that you've, you've been this guy now for a long, long time. But is there anything that you look back on, you know, like being a thousand pound squatter or the 2400 total or is there anything that you look back on that you're kind of like, you feel is is is is kind of the most, I don't know, a significant thing that you did. Is there something that you're proud of stuff? Well, that's sort of what I used for my kind of do for things. Yeah, when I squatted a thousand nineteen because it was walked out and it wasn't an amount of lift and when I deadlifted nine up, my deadlifted nine, oh one at two, 20 was with two hour away and with actually drug testing and on a stiff bar without a deadlift bar. And I pulled nine or one in that mean. Wow. So those things you'd say like technically would be the most significant. Yeah, they, they stand out to me. How many thousand pound squatters have walked out their thousand as opposed to using those. Most, I think all of them have been heavy weights. Right. And we can do 75. I pounds up. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. What's your favorite bodybuilding memory of all the expos you've been to? And, you know, because you've been to the Arnold Neal MPN all that stuff. So funny one of the shows and you watched them. What's your favorite one? You've been inducted into the Hall of Fame at those shows too. Yeah. Yeah, Arnold. I sorry, I didn't put this thing on. Before the Arnold one year, I was out in California doing some weater stuff. I used to actually go out to lunch with just Joe Weater and my self was really cool. You're kidding me. And well, all the time, I had a, I had a contract with Weater because Fred had field used to be there and he got me in the door. I, and all the sporting good stores, they're used to, weater used to have the old time leather belts. Yeah. And he had a, he had a box of belts and all the stores with my picture on the back. So I used to go out there all the time and Joe would give me a car, give me a, uh, right right on Santa Monica Beach, right on the beach. He'd give me a suite and everything paid for and I'd have a riot out there. And just to do a couple photo sessions. That's so cool. I, I, I, I, I went to Arnold has a restaurant at least he did at the time called Chatsies, right in Santa Monica. And I went there one morning for breakfast and afterwards when I walked by his table, he was with a couple guys, uh, old time guys and one of the photographers and they invited me to sit down for a second. And Arnold didn't really know who I was. So as we started talking about powerlifting because in the old days, he trained at a power lift or Olympic lifting gym in Germany for a while. Okay. So he asked me what my list were and he was eating some strawberries at the time. And I said, what, like what? Well, my squad at 220, I squatted at the time, 1970. And when I said that he, he's just about strawberries. I was like, oh my god, this is so good. I had a, I had a semi-election of course. Yeah. It's amazing. But the, the funny part is a couple months later when I was at the Arnold, um, as he's walking around with his arm garage, I think, during H had a booth and I was at during H booth and Arnold walked by and I had my back to him. Yeah. And he tapped me on the shoulder, turned around and he goes, hey, Eddie, I think you got taller. And then he laughed and walked away. He burned me just like that. That's great. Yeah. Give you a shot and walk. For cool. Yeah. Yeah. It was pretty cool. So I love, I love how that story tied Arnold with Dorian. Yeah. Yeah. That's a real, you know, real bodybuilding memory. That was pretty neat. And, and I got the, I got the sit next to Franco at one of the Hall of Fame things. Oh. And I can, I told him that story about how I did with Arnold and that how I met Franco. Yeah. And then Franco, Franco looked at me and said, so you got in the parlor, I think, as I'm saying, yeah, you were my idol. I said, and I want you to know Franco, I do have a slight erection right now. And he put his head down. He started laughing. It's amazing. Yeah, that was right. No, it was great. Yeah. It was great. That was great. Yeah. Yeah. And Franco's, he's still like the bodybuilding. Of course, he didn't like that a lot of the guys work as athletic as a lot of the old school guys. That's what he didn't. He didn't really care for. He wanted some people to double show that they could do some things. Yeah. Right. Yeah. I remember pumping iron. He's like skipping rope still and hitting the back. Yeah, boxing. You know, he's going to move it in a house. Yeah. Yeah. Round and moving the car and all that stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think we get, we get back to a lot of that stuff as we get older after you, like, our competing anymore. You want to be a little healthier, a little more. That can be able to move. Yeah. Yeah. What do you do now? That was a good training. That was a good training. Yeah. I still do all the same stuff. I just don't go heavy. Okay. And I corporate, I've been doing a lot of counter violence training with JKD stuff for a long time to make me move and have coordination, which I like. You've been doing that for a while now. Yeah. I like that a lot. I have a lot of violence inside me. Matching, matching, matching, matching, getting a fight with that Cohen. That wouldn't be fun. You know? And it puts everyone would just hate you. Why are you fighting at Cohen? It's crazy. It's crazy. Yeah. I'm just kidding. Yeah. I'm just kidding. But they're the person who you did. You have to fight at Cohen. That's funny. Yeah. So when you you call that counter violence. So is it sort of specifically, like, self-defense? It's more like, street-gation. It's more like, it's a street. Yeah. What actually is really going to happen? So there's no rules in that kind of training. It's a fight. I can't believe that. I've seen. I jam whatever it takes. But so a lot of that stuff incorporates all the other real stuff. Like if you go to the ground, you've got to know wrestling and you just do along with whatever else you've got to do to live. Your wrestling is a kid, too, didn't you? Yeah. I was 98 pounds. My freshman year in high school wrestling. No kidding. And so that you're coming full circle now, basically, is what it comes to. There you go. Yeah. Minus 98 pounds fart. Yeah. My headways 98 pounds. I know we're kind of getting into where you're at today. But I have to go back. I just wanted to ask you. So you had said, you went over to Russia and you're training with those guys. And I'm thinking back to, there's like this, like, air of mystique and, like, almost like, yeah, the USS Russia. And that's what it was. This was before Paris strike and all that other stuff went on. Okay. So I've heard stories of, like, some of the Olympic lifters and stuff who have gone over there and they've had the opportunity to train with some of those guys. Like what were those guys like, what was it like, did you get to know with some of those guys and, you know, what was your experience with it? I was over there for the, for the very first powerlifting need ever. And they used a Olympic lifting barn bumper plates. So that was murder just trying to squire. They're like, this is all the way down. You know, praying, praying like, you know, Eddie Murphy and Rob falling down stairs all over the Lord of God, please help me. That was amazing. I'm not trying not to, trying not to shit your pants. And because the barn is the forest tremoring. Yeah, it's going all over the place. Oh, God. But it was just like, there was just old. It was the beginning of powerlifting over there. So no one really knew anything. They were basing everything on the old Olympic weightlifting. They didn't know as much about regular powerlifting. They knew about like speed and technique. But they didn't know about training at or assistance work. Okay. What were they doing? They were just super kind of like, what were they doing right because of Olympic lifting? And what were they doing wrong because of Olympic lifting? They didn't know as much about sets and reps and building. They didn't know as much about technique for powerlifting because it was more high bar close stance Olympic lifting squats. They had never done a lot of deadlift at that point. It was like stiff legs or Romanian, not power deadlift. To give you an example, there was a lifter from Bulgaria who had the world record in a snatch at one time was a high force 70 and Tonya Crosschev. And he came to our world once and I saw him in a warm-up room take 750 for three reps with no equipment on whatsoever, just playing with it. But when he got in the meat, he couldn't squat 80 because he hadn't built the absolute strength. A lot of Olympic lifting is speed strength. So after, like an Olympic weight lift that you could take an 80% weight and jump on a whole and try through a sticking point because the speed from the bottom will take you up to that point. Yeah. But when you can't get high enough up to that point because the weight doesn't dictate it, you allow a rely on absolute strength and they didn't have that. So he had a bombing in the bench with like 460 but he had a like a 560 clean and jerk at the time. So it's just, and his best done if he told me was only like 760 at the time. So it's not like a lot of that stuff transfers over. It was very sports specific. Okay. Right. I had a question here. I know this guy. He said, what do you see is the biggest issue in strength development within the athletic sector right now? So what are athletes? What's the main issue that you see athletes trying to get stronger doing wrong? They don't do squat bench, deadlift, bent rows, overhead presses and stuff like that enough with good technique at a high enough intensity. They rely on too much stuff that makes them look pretty. Hmm. I feel like that's kind of what we say all the time here. Yeah, that's a good foundation body really. Yeah. Yeah. It's a pretty thing you do. It has to have a purpose. I never did a set or an exercise that didn't have a certain purpose. That was to get me what I wanted. Why would I do anything different? So if I want my hamstring strong, I know I got a squat low and I got a deadlift and I got to do stiff leg deadlift. If I want my upper back strong, I know I got a deadlift and do a ton of back work. And I don't think a lot of those guys do it. Like you could take a lot of football players. They have this God-given ability to be able to be so great in football. But to be able to last, especially in a contact sport for a long period of time, you have to be strong in all these different areas you can't just rely on that. And a couple of years is millions of dollars for them. So definitely your off-season should be that in your in-season should definitely be staying strong just enough to get through the season. And there are some good, definitely great strength coaches. I mean, Joe Ken was one of the best NFL coaches for strength of all time and he still, he helps Brian Shaw now. And he knew it. You know, I got to keep these guys healthy. But in order to keep him healthy, they still have to train. Yeah. But you look at a lot of their contracts. They actually build in like a few hundred thousand dollars for some of them if they train in the off-season. That's a bonus. Hmm. Okay. Hmm. What about the food? Let's talk about food. You know, we're all- I ain't whatever I want. Yeah, there you go. I ain't whatever I want. And then I had a steak every night before I went to bed. So what we all had in the structure of your diet was. When I had to die it. When I had to watch my weight. Did you have to come down much in order to make weight when you're doing like the 220? As I got, no, at 220, I would, I think I dropped 12 pounds once which was something. But we did, we actually had to die it because we didn't know if there was no water loading or anything like that at the time. Okay. So you just had to like literally get leaner then. Yeah. And the worst, the worst I was was when I was at 165 and I couldn't get the weight off. And I took three shots of laces at night and it still wouldn't come at. I had my butt was like rich asparagus. You could have gone to a bodybuilding show for that one. Yeah. It just, it wouldn't come off. And I ended up weighing a pound heavy and then I had to weigh in two hours later. I already gained 11 pounds and two hours. So you didn't want to do bodybuilding because you didn't want to have to die it. You went to powerlifting and then he ended up having to die and got peel off. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. So what would be like, you know, when you were 220, set in that total, that 2463 total or whatever. I mean, you know, were you the type of guy that had a massive appetite? So you just easily ate all day or were you like forcing food? I get it. I get it. I never forced it, but I would eat a little more often. And like I said, I'd have a steak right before I went to bed to get a little extra mixture. I got extra in. And then I felt great in the morning. So in training was going good. So why would I change it? You know, yeah. Yeah. Were you taking meals to the gym like were you packing meals around? No, right, right after the gym, we'd go to the sizzle right on the street. It was like a ritual four or five times a week. I love it. We used to do pizza hot after leg day. You know, it was great. Good. All you can eat. Well, the, the, the, the, the, the kind of the lottery in the jokes. Right. Yeah. So that's a big part of it. Like was that, did you feel like power lifting was just, you just, you just felt at home and you felt like the other guys were brothers and was there like a brotherhood feel to, yeah, all the guys that trained with us were great. And actually the whole gym would get behind us when we lifted heavy, which was cool. Right. It's cool. And it makes sense. I was going to say I was just wanting to add in. I feel like everybody I know that knows you, and people that have known you for a long time, they've also that you're a really humble person and that you've always been that way, which I find it interesting because to be a guy that is so absolutely strong and like, you know, knowing, knowing you off the air, like having had conversations with you, you're just a super laid back chill person. You would never know that like, oh, this is literally the strongest guy right here. Well, I always thought of it like this is in the gym when you're talking about powerlifting and strength. You can ask me questions. I'll know them. Outside the gym, if I wanted to do some bodybuilding or diet stuff, I would ask you guys, I don't know how to change the oil on my car. Yeah, I don't know how to do this and that and that in the gym, this is my thing. So that's obviously all I know. I mean, that's the shit I know. So I'm not better than anyone else. Yeah. What would you say as your, your, your, which gym would you kind of say as your main gym that you spent most of your career at training at your highest level? Quad. Quad. I've been like, yeah. Well, you've been to one in a city, probably, right? Yeah, this diddy. Yeah, we didn't want to in a city. Yeah. The one in the suburbs was your either a copper of felon, mostly felon. That sounds like the gyms here in Detroit. We had a good time. Yeah, we had a good time. Actually, I have a business in the can of Michigan. Oh, you're in, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. I was going to ask you about that, too. So I didn't realize you were set up in Michigan. Yes, what about the one you can. Why would you have our business set up in Michigan versus in Chicago? We business. It was easy to start business. Yeah, me, my friends that we have a, a processing lab right in Michigan and you can and we make a product from, we, we adopted a product from a part with them from Colorado called Kushmaster and we're, we're like, boom, labs where we break down leaf and turn it into concentrates like for labs or we put other the oil and carts alive, rosin. So we break it down in ice water and heat pressure, no chemicals. So it's more organic and it's stronger and better. And I'm not even a weed smoker. How do you do some gummies or some tonics? That's it. How long ago did you get into this business? Um, it, it took us like three years because of COVID and stuff to get everything going. No kidding. Where we at the build our lab and all the other stuff, all the licenses. So you, so we're, you said you're good. Yeah, you said you're not a weed smoker. So, well, did you have any contact with the weed world like was weed around you and power lifting all the time or you just got into this just purely business? Oh, I, I always knew a bunch of people that did. It just wasn't my thing, but now I'll take a gummy now and then or a little drink of a tonic that will put me right to sleep. And anything you can do that makes you sleep better or have no pain is always good. Yeah, yeah. What's your situation with pain? Like how how much pain? Pretty good. I do, I do have some some pain in my shoulder still, but you know, my, my mom had osteo and rheumatoid arthritis. She had both knees replaced the shoulder, a hip. Her hands were messed up or feet were messed up. So I got some of that probably why I had to have my hips replaced. But I could still squat and deadlift. I don't really bench you about any more, but I'm, I'm going to Mexico next month to lose cobbos to get some stem cells. See if this works out really well. Yeah. Nice. What are you going to get? Like a million to the put in you. Like do you have that all right? Yeah, I think I think they put like 20 or 25 million in each shoulder and then I'm going to get 100 million IV. Okay. That's why. Wow. And go big. They have to, yeah, don't they, they take them from inside your own bill of the court, right? Like no, yeah, that's a different process. Yeah. And yeah, in the states, they take it from either your fat, which is kind of inferior, bone marrow is good, but they can't get that much out of it. But the best is from the umbilical cord, which is the, so it's not even as stem cells. So it's not technically your own personal stem cells, but it doesn't matter because they're stem cells. Yeah. And that's how they develop them. Yeah. I think you want to go to God. I'm going to Dr. Khan. He actually did. Ronnie after the Olympia out and Dubai. And he also clinic in Mexico. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I've heard of. I'm so good. Oh, I was just going to say, I want to, I'm going to send you a message after I want to, I want to know a little bit more of how much this all cost is got a check. I did some research on it. Oh, I'll go in it. I mean, it's not, it's not terrible, but so from what I understand and tell me if I'm wrong about this, Ed, that in the US, they can't, which, which the term, they can't expand the cells, but in that's, it's stem cells. And that's what you, that's what you want. We can't expand the cells here in the US. So meaning you, you don't have nearly as many cells. You go down there and that the laws are different. So they can expand them and then you get a lot more cells, basically. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. But you're going to have to take time off training, aren't you? No, no. I thought, okay, they told me you'd have to take time off to, to heal. Yeah, that's the one place said that, but this doctor said that's really not true. Okay. We don't have to take time off training. Okay. That's like if you had some debilitating injury, yeah, he wouldn't want to keep re-injuring it as you try to heal. Right. But, you know, when, when I did it, I did them before in Columbia. And I was with a guy one night, we were getting our IVS themselves. And he had had a stroke like six years previous and he was probably at least 10 years older than me. So, you know, his arm was all locked up in front of them bent. Yeah. And one of his legs didn't really bend bent. The next day, the next morning, he walked around in a circle, circle, bending his leg and lifted his arm up like this that he hasn't been able to lift. You can't. That's why I wasn't a dry eye in the house. It was unbelievable. Use code. What did he do? You can expect. Yeah, you go to. I have a call with him. I have a call with him Wednesday, but a lot of stuff is, you know, my buddy who had his elbows is shoulder is back done and his neck. He said to this day, he's still at around 80% of feeling fantastic healed compared to what it was before. That's why I know Joe Rogan had. He tore both his rotators and he said the side that he had stem cell is like way better than the side that he had surgically repaired. Yeah. Yeah. And he goes back. He goes to a place in. Panama, is it? No, no, he goes to a place in Mexico that a buddy is as so he goes. He goes, he says, Zipson and Zips out all the time. He did have the guy, there's a place in a bio-accelerator that I went to before in Colombia and the other place in Panama, he had a doctor on Dr. Reardon who Mel Gibson was on his show with him and talked about his dance progress. I know that guy. I know that guy. Yeah. Yeah, he's wrote some books, but the other guy I go to is a deal con who I met at the Swiss. He was at the Swiss symposium. Oh, no kidding. Yeah. And I talked to him there and Ken Kenak and vouched for him. He has a lot of pieces of the puzzle figured out compared to a lot of people. So me and my friend, my friend is flying a total of seven of us out there. I can't believe I'm a private jet right out there. That's wild. That's wild. Bitch. Just get it going. I can't see up. It's something that you're quite. He's something you're quadrong. Yeah. In the old days, there was a, there was a, there was a Lister named Doug Young. He was a monster Texas guy and when the first, my first, uh, open nationals is when they were going to start drug testing. Yeah. And he stood up an objection and said drugs are so good. That was his exact, that was his phrase. It turned out to be true. Rugs are the salvation of America. It's unamerican. Yeah. Yeah. Choose up. I got a question. He had a task. Yeah. Yeah. Scott's got one. So it's actually a video. It's a video. Actually, oh, oh, I'm going to guys get ready for this. I want to know. Oh, yeah. I want to know what that's all about. You guys see that that we got a tiger here. First of all, yeah, this is this is at the beginning of a video. I think this is 95 and yeah, after this. That was, that was a, that was actually a smaller tiger. That was a Bengal tiger. Okay. I used to have two, two Siberians. You know, a white one that got, they got to be about eight hundred and fifty pounds and I had a regular colored gold one. You can. My, my, my, my, my one got to be like seven foot tall, eight hundred and fifty pounds and he was still loved me. That's crazy, man. That's terrifying. That's I had a federal license for it. Oh, of course. Yeah, I was assumed. So what do you have to do like you just, you apply, you say, I want to get a Siberian tiger in a Bengal tiger. And they do. Well, if you have a, you have a license, if I knew people that had them. So I would use my license and go take them home all the time. That's so wild. Just hang out in the basement, walk around the block. That's wild. Just borrow a tiger for the tiger. Yeah. Where's the sea? Like, there's, I've been, walk in a tiger. I would think I was like, What's the, yeah, like, like, like a can. There's something on the table. Right. Yeah, let's, let's say the neighbors have a couple of dogs and a couple of kids. What do they think? Yeah. Our, a neighbor did the dog came out. It was a, a black lab and he barked at it. And my tiger was young at the time, but he just turned around and opened up his mouth really wide like a yon. And then you see these big teeth like this. Dog went up back at the, yeah. Yeah, that was only about eight or nine months old right there. In the backyard. Cheese. In the wild. In the snow and Illinois with you. See you did get a lot of people bothering you. Yeah. Yeah. Every sort of last year. The everyone used to want to see it and come over. Yeah. When it was smaller, it was pretty cool. Yeah. So what happened? Rick, you said you're, you reached 800 pounds. Do you have to like, does he have to go somewhere? Yeah, like, is that what happens? That, that little white one got to be 850 pounds. Cheese. And how old was, was that by the time it hit 8, 850? Probably like six or seven. That was actually an in in, in Closet, Jim at the time. And when when the Mr. Olympia was in town. So all the writers came over to Closet, Jim and I let it loose play with them. Oh my god. This is a tag of it. This is like the 80s and the body building. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Wild animals just yeah. So then, so yeah, there was a good, good crazy back then. Yeah. Yeah. So do you have to send them to a zoo like what happens? Yeah, like you put them out to like breeding programs and stuff like that. Okay. Right. So so he's happily pumping away at female taggers. And I'm sure he did that for a long, long time. This is a good retirement program, Dusty. I'm sorry to see him. Mornin this. I'm learning. I'm learning. I'm right. No, sir. Yeah. Yeah. Like Tyson. You said up. Yeah. Like it's set up to a breeding program. So maybe the best, you know. But you have to be the best. Then your seed is worth something at least. Yeah. So is that what you're going to do next? Wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Oh, no. Yeah, I can't go to Russia. I'll probably kidnap to go to Russia, Saudi Arabia. Oh, no. Don't do that. Please, please don't. So I would ask you to. One other thing was just that you know, having followed body building for a long time and been involved in strength sports for, you know, your entire life really. What do you think about what you're seeing today? Because you're still there. You're still watching the shows. You're still at the exposed. You still know. I love competing. Yeah. What are your thoughts on body building today compared to, you know, years back? Well, obviously the the substances guys take are different. Yeah. But it does it never takes away from the hard work and diet that everyone goes through. No, if if if people could see that like videos of that like if they showed it on stage, someone beat the shit on their legs or going through it just a week near the end of a diet, it would get so much more respect than it does. Well, they see as guys on stage posing, they don't get to see what they fucking go through, which is crazy. And I've been, I've gone through my version of crazy and they're crazy in the me. I couldn't do what they do. No way. Who do you like, like right now when you were when you go to the, you know, you're at the Arnold right? Who's physique do you see where you're like, man, that is. Oh, break that up. Perfect. They're breaking up. Say it again, Ram. Oh, who do I think is? I just say I did see. I saw Phil Heath when he won the Junior Nationals here. And that was like the most perfect physique ever where everything matched from, from his toes up to his head and it was like you couldn't, not know that he was going to be great. Yeah. And you know, and I like guys like, color who couldn't win for a while, but didn't fricking quit. You know, look what John Meadows went through to get his pro card. I like that. Yeah. And then it is someone is, is someone is nice. I like him even more. If they're a dick, they're always going to be a dick. Yeah. Yeah. Well, Ed, I mean, you gave us an hour of your time to get an hour from the goat is, is an honor for us. It's nothing on our whole ship. All right. A little bodybuilding show here. So we're very happy to get you on. And again, always a friend of the show. It's good to see you at the expo and you know, even just get a hello in there. And I'll let it all out. I'm wearing a horse. So let's go. Yeah, please do. Yeah. Definitely. We want to know all about that. And yeah, you know, just the greatest of all time, I know that you probably get tired of hearing that, but you know, you get tired of hearing that. And you get tired of hearing that. Yeah. Yeah. You're tired of hearing that. No, you don't. That's funny. It's okay. So Ed Cohen, thanks for coming on the show. How can people get a hold of you? You're you're Eddie Cohen on Instagram. Just by my. Yeah, just just look at my Instagram. I answer every message. And I, I usually, if you send me a, if people send me a video, I let them know what's good and bad about it for free. I don't even charge. You're kidding me. Right. Awesome. No. That's so nice, man. Your hamble. Your ham's a week more stiff legs. Yeah. There you go. Send. You know what? Usually, usually it's to open up the hips and they get your sternum up. That's usually the key. Mm-hmm. Well, yeah. Right. It's incredible, man. And that's what I mean. That's what humility just to let them. Look, shearing the people. Look at every lift you do. Like a squat, a bench, a deadlift, a curl, a bent row, and overhead press. It's not your chest that's your sternum. When you pop your sternum up, it locks your lats and tight on the bottom. Like I was talking about. So now your body isn't safe for position at all times to lift weight. That's right. Right. Right. Right. Well, it's also a good metaphorical piece of advice for life. Because if you lift your sternum up, you tend to hold your head up high and you tend to walk straight. And I think that's also good. That helps with everything. Thank you. Yeah. Thanks, Ed Cohen. We appreciate you coming on. Thank you guys. You guys have a great fucking show. You make everybody feel relaxed. Very cool. Thanks, Ed. We appreciate you, man. Thanks, guys. Thanks, Ed. And remember, yes, you bet. Cheers. Ed Cohen, the greatest of all time. It's a awesome. Like, you know, I know to us like, you know, he's at he's at. But, you know, just trying to like make sure that I appreciate that we just had, you know, that guy on our little show. Yeah, we've had Jay on. We've had Dexteron. We've kind of been a little bit, you know, a mutant, you know, to or who, we haven't had Dexteron. We're trying to get Dexteron. I forgot. We've had Jay on with that bump step on. We've had Dana on. We've had Clarita on, you know, all these Olympia champions. We've read a lot of the best. And, um, a lot of the best. So that's what I'm saying. And so it's just cool to have like him on because it really branches out our show a little bit, you know, and I love the crossover. I love that he is a fan of bodybuilding. He's a fan. And you could hear him too. Like how passionate he was. So we asked, I asked him, you know, what do you think of bodybuilding today? And, you know, so many times you hear people say like, wow, you know, it's terrible now. We need to go. But he was like, oh, this is cool. And if people knew how hard these guys, like he really appreciates that, and you can see that like seeing him at the Olympia or at the Arnold just walking around. He's like having fun. You know, he's having a good time there. That was shows. So I love seeing that people who absolutely like their fans of the sport, you know? Yeah, I feel like I sometimes get frustrated with people who aren't able to appreciate the greatness of others that aren't in their realm. Right. Do you know what I mean? Like like if you introduce me to the greatest, who's the greatest tennis player on the planet right now? I don't know tennis, but maybe we'll just say Roger Federer. Like I know Roger Federer was at one point. So if you introduce me to him, I would be like, I would really take a minute to appreciate that there was like the greatest at the time or whatever, like a world champion. And some people don't care about that stuff. They're like, I don't care about tennis. Oh, fuck that guy. I don't care about tennis. Right. You know what I mean? That's where to attitude. I hate that fucking attitude. Sorry. That's my little rant. I like passion. If I say like, yeah, like if I say, hey, that's that's the greatest violin player in the world. Yeah. Think about the amount of work that person put into to become that guy. Yeah, I know. Whereas I like, I would want to go over and just meet the guy. Like you're the greatest in the world at what you do. That's a toss of it. So if it's just see how Ed had that attitude about bodybuilding, like that appreciation for Jay and Phil and that sort of stuff. I guess that's my point is like, you know, we all know guys that say, oh, I don't know, Carol, powerlifting. Yeah. Yeah. And then we know powerlifting. Is it going to fog bodybuilders fucking weirdos, right? Like don't care. But so I just, I really appreciate that there's like just, you know, uh, Ed has that view because I just says a lot about him, you know, as a champion of any sport. Well, I feel like if there were more powerlifting or like Ed, that there would be more bodybuilders that got it, you know what I mean? And they're probably more powerlifting or is that got it too. He kind of does bridge a gap there. I mean, yeah. I like I said, I'll have some, you know what, check this out as a matter of fact, because I didn't play that video all the way through. I'm just going to, I got to turn the sound down. Okay, sounds turn back then. We're going to get past the tigers here. But this is like 95. Look at his physique here. Oh, yeah, this is like before he passes out on a lift. But look at his physique here. Like, look, it's just how freaking thick he is. He doesn't look like the power lifters we see today. Look at that. Like that is, that is a bodybuilder if I've ever seen. John on it, I mean. Oh, yeah. I cut it off right before he passed out. But he told him I want to see a fog. I did, all that on a second. I'm going to bring, I'm going to bring it back then. We'll roll it down. I need to see this. All right. See this, take place. Let's see. This was that, this was at that quad's gym. Look at this machine. Where was this at? Scroll forward here. I guess it's a little bit further up. All right. There's good. You're going to go to 750. There you go. 250. Easy. They do cut the film right before it happens. But, and he's done. That's wild. But not for long. If you guys ever seen this, check this out. This isn't that other quad's gym. Yeah. I've never used this before with a headrest. It's a super old school bent row. Yeah, just to force you to bend over all the way. Yeah. You know? I mean, you know what I mean? Just to like, if your head's not touching, it means you're swinging. You know? And you can't like, like, arch back. You can't pull away. You have to pull the bar to you. So, I guess the trick is you're not, you don't want to put a bunch of weight on your forehead. You don't want to like drive or you're not. But you're just really keeping yourself down. Yeah. Yeah. There's some need equipment at quad's. Yeah, let's go. And that was the other quad. Okay. Yeah, that was the other quad. Yeah. So yeah, thanks guys. Is that it? We're good? That's it. We're just needin' for like, it's not on our episodes because there were way too many questions that I didn't want to waste a one hour episode on. Yeah. But I can't. Yeah. Just because like, the his changes with how he approached powerlifting. Like, it's funny to talk to a really humble person. Because he made it sound like, yeah, it's just how it is. I'm like, I know. That's what I was trying to do. First one to do it. Like, you were the first one to bring essentially bodybuilding into powerlifting. And then it worked and you were successful. Like, and it was just, it's just funny. Because he literally seemed like he was like, yeah, you know. He's just a really humble guy. And that's what I was trying to get a big deal. Do I mean like, I think I like that. Yeah. That guy and still just be like, yeah, yeah, I'm just anybody. You know, it's just what I do. Like, like the, like when I asked him, hey, when did you realize that you were like, really good at this? And he's like, oh, never really thought about it. I just wanted you to get stronger. I just kept trying to get stronger. Just kept setting world records. Yeah. Which also too, you know, like, that sort of like a good takeaway from the whole thing. There's a lot of people now. We talk about them. We deal with them all the time. They want to win the nationals and get their pro card. But they're at a level. They're not even at the first show yet. Yeah. So they're not, they're not in the moment. You know what I mean? They're focused on this intangible dream thing that is so far away. But Ed wasn't doing that. Ed just was thinking about today. Yeah. And he was stronger on my side raises and my front raises and my press. Yes. And tomorrow I'm working on my stiffs. And it was just in the moment focused on the work, not thinking about how he was getting so good and passing people. You just focusing on just getting better, putting in the work today. And that's it. Maybe you know, kind of what we always say, you know, try to be in the moment, focus on what you're doing. So we get to go guys. Yes, sir. Absolutely. Remember to like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. There we go. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I mean, he does it. You know, that's a good job. It's a very important part. And Scott will back me. It's very important that you like share. Subscribe, come, comment and ring the bell because it helps the show. It helps the show. And we appreciate you guys. And we appreciate all your comments. In fact, we read all your comments. I tried to get back to everybody, you know, and if we don't, if you guys have a question for us that we have an answer, then please comment it again. And we will be sure to get it into a following episode. And yeah, exactly exactly. And remember everybody, the Patreon for Scott, think big body building, network, help run the whole network. And then the mutant, I am mutant.com. Get your ISO surge, the best tasting way ISO out there. Get the all in. I do two thirds of a scoop and get on the gear. You're doing two thirds. Dusty 20. You're, two thirds. 20. Yeah. I'm going to have a 120. I've gone half halfway in. Yeah. I'm a half. I'm two thirds. Tegan that came into the show there for a minute. There she saw the scooper. She just took a full scoop and laughed. Whew. You're the gentleman. Yeah, but it's are just practically like their immune distance. She's 14. Can I even say that that's legally happening to my house? I don't know. I don't know. But we've had tigers on the show tonight. It's good. Yeah, you know, the drugs in my house with a teenager. It's fine. Fine. Okay. That's the reason tweakers over there. Okay. Do what I do. Let's do it. Thank you everyone. Remember it's just bodybuilding.