I'm gonna tell you what, John, my goal had always been when you look at the way his sweats fit his legs. I mean, those aren't leggings. Those are just like loose sweatpants. Yeah, they're freaking stretched around his legs. To me, I've always thought that's the coolest look. When you have regular sweats on, but you can stretch them out like they're leggings. And you know you've got to set a wheels on you. What the hell is that, John? What is he doing here? I think he's stretching his shoulders. I think he's got his arms back. But this is, you know, this is kind of how he got hurt because he got hurt doing dumbbell flies. And that's how he tours bicep because he would go till he couldn't go anymore. And then when he would go on the bottom, he would do like, like, partial's, you know, and he was bouncing it. Yeah. And then when he bounced, that's how he tore bicep. Yeah, that makes total sense too. I wonder if he would do things different today knowing what we know now about training, you know? Right. Yeah, you could think he would, right? Because they were all still just inventing stuff back then. What's up, guys? Welcome back to Think Big Body Building Media. I'm Scott McNally and back wish me again, by popular demand is body building historian, natural mister Olympia and the podcast host of body building legends. What's up, Mr. John Hanson? How you doing? What's up, Scott? How was your holidays? Dude, it was great, man. Hey, great to have you back. People loved that last episode. So they were like, you guys, you got to bring John back to do some more. If you're new to our content, then let me encourage you to subscribe and hit the bell because we have servo body building podcasts these week, plus body building reactions, a bunch of shorts. A bunch of stuff to keep you busy through your cardio, your commute, whatever else you're doing. And if you enjoy our content, then do us a favor, leave us a comment. Let's get this thing rolling and see what we've got. Now there's a bunch of music in here. So I know we're gonna have to cut some of those sound out. That is a bad act. Truck to start. I want that. That's a very appropriate truck to have outside of Gold's Gym, big and muscular. Anyway, we're here in Southern California to take a look at the world of body building, especially the world of the Mr. Olympia Hopels, all those body builders who are out to win the most prestigious body building contest in the world. The challenge, the challenges. Okay. That was a little job. Let's see, say a driver for a body building world. Okay, I wondered, he looked familiar right now. He used to be. He used to be. I moved out to California. I moved out in 1978 with 50 bucks on a plane ticket. That's all I had in my name. I live with 25 people across the street from the gym. And I ruined. And every day, and I still would do that. We didn't even want to look at you. I've been here now for a week. Go to the gym. Go. That was just footage from the 84 of the BL Sky. Okay. I noticed on this tape that they used footage from 85 and 84, but I believe it was all filmed in 86, leading up to the Mr. Olympia right here. Okay. Oh, I got turned this down a little bit. This is copywritten music. So how was his 84 look compared to other years? Well, Tom's peak was 81. And that's when he got third place when Franco won. And I thought, I thought he should have won that year. Okay. Going into 82, Tom was the big, big favor, because he was kind of considered the uncrowned Mr. Olympia for 81. And then, unfortunately, Tom tore his bicep about six weeks before the 82 Olympia. Oh, geez. So he decided to do the contest anyways, which was a mistake. And you can see or you can see that discrepancy though. And you could see it and it marked him down. And he plus his condition was a little off. And he didn't look like 81. So he dropped down to sixth. And then in 83 for some reason, he got it repaired after the contest. And then in 83, he decided to sit out 83. And he just, yes, folks. Yes. And he said, I mean, he should have sat out 82 and came back in 83. You know what I mean? They're still, so he had it fixed yet. They're still a huge discrepancy isn't there. Yeah, what he did was he waited too long because when you tear your bicep, you're tearing the tendon that attaches your bicep to the elbow. Yeah. And the longer you wait, the more that tendon goes up your arm. Okay. And when his was fixed, you could see it's still short. So they fixed it. But the bicep still short. And you can see all his might myself than 2000. And I got to fix with them five days. I mean, you're okay. Six. I love the gym. Sitting my office all day long, talking to 10 or 15 different countries and putting tours together and closing deals. And I love it. To me, that's just like the gym. It's, I feel the same way. I could very easily go to the office all day long get the same satisfaction. So I feel that you've got to be an athlete and you've got to be a businessman as well. You've got to be able to juggle those things. And it's not easy. When you turn pro, you turn pro for a reason. Now it's time to make money. Now it's time. That's the money's the most important thing. Of course not. But you've got to be a businessman as well as an athlete. And I think the most people think most Mr. at Mr. Lumpi competitors, thank you, got to win the Olympia to make money. If you think that you do. But then again, even if you win it, which you've seen some of some Mr. Lumpi so don't make any money either. And to me, I happen to like the business function as well. Not, and I also like being an actor on the stage. You're an actor, you're a businessman, you're an athlete. And you're a diplomat. I'm traveling to six countries amongst them, sometimes. It's meeting, checking hands, talking about valuing the way all love. That was interesting because when he, I remember when this video came out, he was like the first one to voice that how it was important to be a businessman. And Tom really looked at it like that. You know, once he had his pro card in 78, he really went out and promoted himself as a businessman. He did a lot of guest posings, a lot of seminars. He wrote books and he was really going after trying to make the money. And he was very popular, especially after 81, when he got the word, man, he was traveling like every weekend in 82. He was going all over the place, all over the world. And he was getting bigger and bigger to, he was freaky. Do you think he did pretty good for himself as a bodybuilder back then overall? Oh yeah, he had to. I mean, I don't know how much money he made, but I think he was probably one of the top money makers, just because his work ethic, he works so hard and traveling so much. Everybody wanted to see those legs, you know? Yeah, every day. And he really looked at it. Every day. We're all that, you know, he really promoted that. And he was really good at seminars too. And seminars were really big back in the 80s. I keep going at Europe and he did seminars over there. Yeah. And back then, there was no YouTube, of course. So you never really got to hear the bodybuilder speak. And you never really got to see him in person. So if they ever came to your town and did a guest posing in a seminar, he was really valuable. Yeah, it was really valuable that you get to learn from them directly, you get to hear them talk directly and tell you what works and what does it, you know? Let's see what he says right here. Who gyms, it's difficult to be on a very strict training regime, but now that's when you turn pro, we turn pro to be a pro. You don't turn pro. If you want to spend your time with a gym, you should stay in an amateur. Ah, ah, ah. There's some music. Here's the part we got to talk over. Dude, he had a sweet car too, man. He always had some cool cars. He looked cars. Yeah. Yeah, it's crazy to still see him today. Did he? Yeah. I still see him around. Like I remember him training Sergio Junior in 2017, when I was out at Los Angeles doing a contest. And I remember going one of my final workouts and I was doing some chrysupp extensions laying on a bench or something with a dumbbell. And my friend, who I was visiting with, she was like, hey, she's like, you see who just walked behind you? It was time plats, right, in the middle of the gym there. Wow. Oh. Yeah, he hasn't stopped. I wish he would do interviews. You know, he doesn't want to do interviews. He wants to get paid from what I understand to do an interview. Yeah, I'm like, yeah. You know, but whatever, I guess to each their own. And he's done plenty of interviews in his day. I guess is the way he probably looks at it. Yeah, he's still so popular because of his passion. He's so like into his passion for the sport and the way he talks. He's so passionate that people just love and they get motivated, just listening to him talk. And his workouts were legendary, especially his leg workouts. Oh, God. Yeah. I forgot, man. I've got a picture of me and you and Tom Plats together. Yeah, at that Olympia, right? Yeah, yeah. You guys were both there for old school muscle. And yeah, yeah, I got a picture with him. I got a picture with you and then I got a picture with the three of us. So that was freaking awesome. You were trying to convince him to do an interview with me. Oh, that's right. That's right. Yeah, because I would love to have had him on my show. But honestly, with how much you know the history of bodybuilding interview with you would have been so much better. So I feel like you're the guy who should have done that, you know? Yeah. Oh, here we go. We got the workout happening now. His technique was so crazy. What was that? Oh, what was that? What was that? So you obviously believed in training the feeling. Well, in terms of to me that there are sets and there's reps and new biceps and there's triceps and there's love and there's hate. And everybody part is an emotion. And that's the way I train. I mean, I'm sort of in the gym. I'm not counting on many times. I'm doing something. I'm expressing myself more than what I can. And it's a very important. It's an emotion that experience for me. I'm very much into feelings. It's more than just to set some reps and numbers. To me, numbers are meaningless. I don't like the only numbers that are really meaningful. The money market numbers and the checking account. Other than numbers like counting. On the amount of my calorie numbers. Oops. Let me turn that sound down there. Here Jerry Lee Lewis coming in. I'm going to tell you what, John. My goal had always been when you look at the way his sweats fit his legs. I mean, those aren't leggings. Those are just like loose sweat pants. Yeah, they're freaking stretched around his legs. To me, I've always thought that's the coolest look. When you have regular sweats on, but you can stretch them out like they're leggings. And you know you've got to set a wheels on you. What the hell is that, John? What is he doing here? I think he's stretching his shoulders. I think he's got his arms back. But this is, you know, this is kind of how he got hurt because he got hurt doing dumbbell flies. And that's how he tors bicep because he would go to he couldn't go anymore. And then when he would go on the bottom, he would do like, like, partials, you know, and he was bouncing it. Yeah. And then when he bounced, that's how he tors bicep. Yeah, that makes total sense too. I wonder if he would do things different today, knowing what we know now about training, you know? Right. Yeah, you could think he would. Because they were all still just inventing stuff back then. Yeah. Well, he definitely knew what he was doing with legs. That's for sure. Because his legs were phenomenal. Hey, why don't you think it took him to catch his upper body up? I think the closest he came was 81. And his legs were bigger than ever in 81. But his balsos upper body was bigger than ever. I remember from 80 to 81. I mean, that last video we reviewed, that was in 1980. That was the comeback. Yeah. And this was, you know, in 81, one year later, it looked like he put like 15 pounds of muscle on his upper body. He was so much bigger. Pull over to 130 there. Yeah. And you see that part two in the beginning when he was stretching. Yeah. He was pretty wild. He was a great, he was very flexible. He would stretch for like an hour and a half before he did legs. One of the reasons for the increase in popularity of bodybuilding over the last few years has been the exposure it's received in Joe Weeders muscle and fitness magazine. Joe not only uses the best bodybuilding photographers in the world, but he's also the gun he used the best commercial photographers as well. Back when Joe had dark hair. The idea, the reason my photographs is so important in our magazine. And why I spend so much money time and effort. He's young and getting a very best photographs. Two reason. The main reason is that one bodybuilder, that's what it's just for. I'm magazine. I feel it's my obligation. My duty to see that this bodybuilder's percentage in the world is absolute best. Bring your headlars and a smile, great. That hair and all the others. I always try to find the most creative and more imagined of a photographer's possible. Aren't you back at my self or take off time to work with these models and make sure that one of the put themselves and opposed that opposed to be perfect. Because the only way to the world can relate to them is through the photographs. Back then, yeah. That's all they had for the graphs in the magazine. Brace of Helen. Joe was famous for being in every photo shoot. I said, move the people around. Really, even like the 60s when you just had muscle builder magazine. And it was just bodybuilder. He would be at every photo shoot. He would move the guys around and make them make sure that the pose was perfect. Like he is here. You know, it's crazy to think is that these women were absolutely jacked at that time. You know what I mean? Like this is like this is what a big female looks like. It's super hyper muscular female looks like this at that time. Yeah, this was female bodybuilding. Ladies. Right. Was it great? I believe that's a high-up Reagan with the fist party. Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah, those are great cameras, man. There were so much now too because there's been a comeback in using film. But when I was in art school, you'd get one for a guy at least a thousand. Used, maybe a thousand. Wow, okay. Another going for two or three. Hmm. I believe this was in World's Gym. And this is, I think this was taken right after the Arnold Classic started. Arnold and Jim Moore were promoting the role in Columbus. And Rich Kasparry won that in 86. So I think this is what you can write after that because he's still a really good change in bodybuilding. And being another name like John Grimmick, when you hear bodybuilding legends, Frank Zane Arnold Schwarzenegger, I want you to say in the 80s and 90s it was Rich Kasparry. And we do say that. I've proven to people now that I can be the best, you know, pro coming up. I want to prove that I can be the best bodybuilder ever. And now I have seven months of train for the biggest contest. I'm going to that gym and I bust my butt and I go to win. And that's it. It's trying to find a place for little voices in my head when I do train. One sometimes says, oh, why are you going to the gym? Then there's this other voice that overpowers him. Come on, what are you doing? You know, you come up to the gym. You got a train. You got a win, you got to get bigger. You got to get bigger. You got to get bigger arms. Yeah, worlds gym. So they didn't have any music in worlds gym, right? Right, right. And it was kind of a small gym, but they got no supposed to be great. Because Joe Gold would personally make all of his equipment. All of that. You could see those pretty small, right? I mean, it wasn't that big. Yeah. Yeah, no, no music, no slamming weights, right? It's ready to be like quiet basically in there. You're kicking out if you're slamming the weights. Who had the story of bringing a boom box in? Look, remember, the phone was going on back there with Tony Person. Oh, no, kidding. Do you remember that story? Somebody brought music in there. Somebody brought a boom box in? No, no. I can't remember who did that. And of course, they got kicked out real quick. Sean Raid told me a story. He went in there with John Brown when Sean Raid was just a teenager. I think this was before he even started competing. Yeah. And he walked in and it was like, he couldn't believe. Like Rachel McLeish was there, Matt Mended Hall. Like all these people were there and he was freaking out. Yeah. So back then, the bench is, they had the stands were real close together. So he goes over there and he puts a plate on one side of the bar and the whole thing tips over and hits the ground. And Eddie Giuliani who was the manager, runs over to him and he goes, get your ass out here. Don't slam the weights in here. Oh, my God. He said, John said he left and he never came back until he was a pro. No kidding. Lee Priest liked to train there too. He, we were talking about that before we did a review of video at him. That he liked to train it. Worlds because he felt like gold was just like a zoo all the time. He wanted to go away from that. He contrasts. Yeah. Golds had the music blasting all the time and it was real wild atmosphere. And it's not. World was more fun. Which would you have trained that back then? In my 20s, I probably would have went to Golds. You know, I'm such an Arnold fan. I probably would have went to the world stream just to see if I could see Arnold. Yeah. Because he would always come in there and work out. So when was Rich at his best? This, that show that he just did, I think was his absolute peak. The one he took pro world in 86. He got third, I got second in the Olympia that year. So that was the first of his three Olympia runner ups because he got three Olympia runner ups from 86 to 88. Yeah. But that whole world man, he looked phenomenal. He was like 215 skin was like saran wrap veins all over. The muscles are so full and thick. And he was only 22. Yeah. He looks so young here right now. Yeah. I mean, there was this. He reached this physical peak at 22. That's wild. It's to eat. And you're excited to maintain my weight. I know how many calories to eat to lose five pounds, to lose two pounds. I've done that. I've almost, it's almost come to a science now. I know my body that much. He was the first one that I remember to really count everything. And I remember when I read that, I started doing that, too. You know, yeah, weighing all's food, counting up his macros. Nobody was doing that back then. Yeah, he, he paid attention to food sources. Like I remember him talking about, if he was going to use pasta, he would use a whole wheat pasta versus just like a white stir-cheap pasta. Right about the gluten and stuff. Yeah. And here's the next one. X-Watson and leg extensions. Okay. That's a move right there. How about that? Yeah. You're like super setting your tongue me before you're, you were super setting leg press and squats the other week. Yeah. Yeah. I'll do that occasionally. That's brutal. That's a brutal workout, man. Yeah. Oh, yeah. He's still in good shape there. Oh, yeah. He's still striated. This must have been right after the pro world, I think he must have went to California to do some photo shoots. That's what I'm guessing. Yeah. Yeah, he said what he was doing a little bit ago earlier on. Man, those shorts couldn't be shorter. I'm telling you, and that stringer couldn't be more stringy. You know what I'm saying? It's, it's hardly assured at this point. Right. When shorts were shorts. Yeah. Yeah. So Joe made all this equipment. Yeah, Joe gold made a lot of his equipment. There he's doing lunges, which back then, not many guys did lunges like that was a girl exercise. That's a really just to experience that's why my records, I keep records of every contest. I've kept in records from the universe, night of the champions, Olympia and the pro world. And with those records, I just keep on improving. I keep on knowing more and more and I keep on knowing more and I keep on knowing my body to a team. But you always can learn more. That's another thing. I can never say I know everything about nutrition. But I feel that I'm just a little bit ahead of the other guys in this sport. He was. I just feel that I have something that a lot of people don't have. Like before, even entered the pro world, I already said that I want to. Yeah. That makes it a hockey, but it's just that I'm so confident in myself that I can say that. And it just looks like I'm just going through everything, you know, through the time lapse. But I've already won the show. And that's the way I feel now in competing in the Olympia. I have such a positive outlook that I would win. That when I do go on stage, the judges can see this or a, you know, around me, that I do really want to win. And I have this, you know, I just look, there's the winner because of that positive look that I do have. You know, I'm a fighter when I go on stage, I can face. It's only had a little bit wider structure. You know what I mean? Yeah. That's for Haney beat him in the structure. Because he really beat Haney in the legs. And he was a harder. And he had a great body, just just couldn't beat the shoulder to waste differential of Haney, you know, yeah, this is from 85. This is his first Olympia winning. You third. Peel Olympian, 1985. I came in third place. And known as Everdundat, go from the amateur ranks in one year, except for Lee Haney and come in at top three in the Mr. Olympia. Thank you. Absolutely. I think that's the approach. Yeah. Coming up. And they were the world championships, the pro world championships in 86 run by Arnold and March and the Los Angeles Grand Prix. I wanted to prove everybody that I can win those pro shows. And I knew the main competition could be a note show that would probably be my Christian. You know, he is a great competitor. Well, I went into the pro world and the Los Angeles Grand Prix. And I got a clean sweep all first place. The first time that a pro and two shows got perfect scores is two shows. The only one that's done at the four was Boyer Pro, but he only won one pro show, perfect score. So I did prove that, you know, that I could win pro shows. You know, and I did prove the people that I'm capable of winning Mr. Olympia. The main competition now for me is Leigh Haney. Yeah. And that structure is, so his, his, Rich's legs were better. I could, I could see that. Yeah. There were thicker and more strided and plus he had really good hamstrings and calves to any of the glutes. Yeah. He doesn't have the same conditioning as Rich, you know? Yeah. But his structure was so much better. He was taller. Yeah. He was so much bigger and taller than everybody. I remember back then at the Olympia, when the Olympia started, they would have all the guys come out in a line. Yeah. And they would say, here's your Mr. Olympia competitors. And that's how they would start the pre-judging. They would all just come out in a line. So if there was like 15 guys and the Olympia that year, they would all just stand there and then crowd to go crazy. No, everybody would look. And they could see Leigh Haney standing there and you go, well, he's going to win. It was that, it was that obvious. You know, he was just so much taller and wider. With a small waist than everybody. Yeah. You had Leigh on your showed-in, you? Yeah, several times. Yeah. He's a great interview. This is Albert Beckles. I'll leave it outside Waitpit at the world's gym. They had this whole outdoor training area. And so guys would go out into the sun and train, which was really cool. That would be cool. Looks like the sound is cut out here in the video anyway, but so we can't hear him talk. Now, Beckles got second and 85. So he was the runner-up to your before at the Olympia. And he won the night of the Champions in 85 as well. He beat Kaspari in the night of the Champions. So he had a great year in 85. That was probably his best year as a pro. I love his technique there on that. Yeah. I'll vote in close. It's a lot what I try to do nowadays. Yeah, crazy arms. His biceps were amazing. Yeah. Yeah. Some of the craziest arms ever in bodybuilding, I think. Yeah. I remember VJ was always talking about Beckles in his arms. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What happened to him? He had kind of short biceps, but when he flexed it, it peaked like unbelievable. Yeah. Yeah. What happened to Unburied Beckles? He's still alive. I believe he's in his, there's always been a debate about his age. Oh, that's right. That's right. Yeah. I think people think he's eight years older than he is, but I think he's like, I think he was correct age was, I think he was born in 37 or 38. Okay. So he's up there now then. So that makes him like 80 something. Lade 80s. Yeah. There was a lot of talk around the gym here that he was so great that he just go wrong with me if you'd be another Arnold Schwarzenegger. And think like that makes me strong. Yes, my, you know, I should as well. And if that's the way everybody in the gym part, well, then I'm going to surprise him. Contest the number six this evening. Our senior citizen. He has a year's old, a former Mr. England, a former Mr. University of New York, 1884, World of Japan, a big man's born. What an old way. Albert, let's go. I turned the music back down. It was dancing his way up there. So what did, what was Beckles missing to Beatley, Haney? I think he just wasn't big enough. He was very hard, very in great condition. You can see like here when he does his rear double bicep. He's just shredded, you know, he's got that real hard muscularity. A lot of back. Very thin skin, yeah. But a little light on the calves. He had kind of high calves. He just used the next to Haney. He just wasn't big enough. You know, Haney was so much bigger than everybody. Yeah. Back when he used to judge calves, huh? Yeah. I think he was fourth this year at the 84 Olympia. Okay. People loved him because he kind of created, I mean, Beckles is around for a long time. He started competing in the 60s. Yeah. When he got older, he kind of had like a resurgence in his career. And he came in really ripped. And he started winning contest again. Because he had a law like in the late 70s, where he wasn't doing that well. Yeah. And then in the 80s he came back and he rode the 80s and he started coming in really ripped. And he was winning contest again. And then he was older. He was like in his late 40s or early 50s. And he would come out and he would dance like a disco routine. And people loved it. You know, they go, oh, look at this older guy who's shredded. He's dead. You know. And you know what, too. I think that speaks to a guy that didn't need to use a lot of enhancements to get where he got. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Because the guys that have to push it really hard to get to that level. They're the guys. They're not going to be there 15 years later. They're not going to make a comeback a decade down the road. You know, they're going to do what they're going to do. Yeah. And he had a long career. He started off. I mean Arnold's first Mr. Universe win in 1967. Albert won the medium class and Arnold won the talk class. So that's how far he goes back. He goes back to like the mid early 60s when he was competing in Barbados. And then he moved to England. He was living in England. And then he continued all the way into the late 80s early 90s. So that was a 30 year career. Yeah. Those biceps are freaking nuts, too. I bet he still has those arms today. Yeah. A little smaller way to be. But look at that. Yeah. Jeez. The peaks. Seriously has to say here. And even better than I expected. I hope to. I will second very close second. So according to these kind of improvements that I'm fortunate that I'm made. I don't see why or how I can lose. The beginning is a great champion and he's good. But I still think I can be that. So there was a time when they were hesitant. I think to have African Americans as like the guy on the magazine from what I remember. Like early early on. Yeah. So it's interesting that something definitely shifted when you have Lee Haney and Albert Backels are so undeniable. You know what I'm saying that it's like. But what are you going to do now? Not you don't have a choice, right? But that was just the contest. But you're right, Scott. I mean, I remember like we either was criticized a lot for not putting Lee Haney on the cover more. Oh, really? It was like me and Mr. Olympia every year. And you would put like, going through slear camp or not. Who goes over those in a roundback then? But you put like Matt Mennon Holly put Bob Paris. Yeah. Just hurry on the cover. Though I got it's a good way to get him down the cover. You know, it's interesting. Even though he was Mr. Olympia. Yeah. Man, I would love to go to Santa Monica in Venice. In Venice. Like if we get a time machine. Yeah. I would love that to. Southern California has become the mecca of bodybuilding. There's more to go. Aside from the beautiful weather and the good food. He was right out in the street. His back to the two most famous people in the world are located here. Now, they're very different gyms. One of them is Joe Gold's World Gym. Now Joe Gold also started. Gold's Gym. That was back in 1965. But he sold it in 1970 and some other people who developed it into one of the greatest gyms in the world. But Joe Gold got back in the gym business and he started Joe Gold's World Gym. So now you've got Joe Gold's World Gym and you've got Gold's Gym down the street to go with different gyms. You got it? We got it. That's good. Yes. It's pretty good. Just the way you should. I'm giving you a little view of some good light shot. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. That's it. He's going. Yeah. I don't know about it. Good half of it. He's not strong. Yeah. So that's Joe Gold. Yeah. Yeah. That's Joe Gold. Bodybuilding started right here in Santa Monica. Probably Bick County had the first gym in his gym started in 1939. It was located in Second Street. I think there he had balled into a multiple multiple gym. All through California, all through United States. But real popularity of bodybuilding stayed right here in Santa Monica right on the beach. You got your own weightlifting pit down there. That was great in the old days. And it moved from there indoors. I think it wanted to be cheating more. Yeah. That's why he created Gold's gym was because they kicked him out of the beach. Really? And that he started his own gym in 1965. So he started Gold's gym the first year. The Olympia started in 65. Okay. So but they had the they still have the weight pit down there. Was it taken out for a timer? Yeah. They had a bigger one. I believe it was in in might have been Santa Monica pure. Okay. And I think they would train underneath this pure. Like wow. And then there was accusations from the city that there was a list of sex acts going on under there or something. So they ended up closing the whole thing down. Okay. Weird. And I never heard about that before under the pier. Yeah. Ha. That's wild. And hey, knowing bodybuilding, I wouldn't be surprised if there was a list of stuff going on under the pier. I think they're bodies. They're not interested in disco music. They're not interested in playing around. The people are not interested. I get rid of a movement. They only get the serious people here on the gym. He kicked on a lot of people didn't he? Yeah. Those old young owners always did that. Steve Mahaelic did it in New York. Did he? George Turner did it in St. Louis. Yeah. They didn't put up with a shit. Was there gym? If they didn't like you, they just kick you out. Yeah. I like that. I like losing his leg later on. He had an amputated. I think it was from diabetes. Oh. So you need to feel chair later on in his life. No kidding. I didn't know that. Yeah. The world gym is attempted to remain in old fashion, hardcore gym as much as possible. There's a great honor for the guidance that's only people can come to the left and come to the consumer. It comes. There's a different philosophy. There was honor in the sport training and commercial success. They moved it to where different, certain location is. And they started ranchizing it. So they didn't even know the end of millions of dollars. Okay. Over 200 gyms worldwide. There are licensed old gyms. And even though we went commercial to some extent with span goals gym, we realized that goals gym couldn't, everyone couldn't come to goals gym. So we decided to bring goals gym to everyone we could. I remember that look. The the lea tired with the song and all that. I remember that look. Yeah. This age and this era, my dad and mom trained. They trained hard. I used to go to the gym with them, but I was too young to lift. And they had like a kids area. But then they also, they had like one room off the side where the kids could be. But I'd come out to the floor and just basically sit away from everything in the corner, sit up against the wall while everybody else was lifting. Yeah. I get hit a bunch of big friends back then. Guys that were in the ball lifting guys that weren't a bodybuilding. They all had that haircut with the mullet in the back wearing the tracks. You know, right. Right. He miles kind of bodybuilding turned into a tremendous asset for us. So we're really pleased and proud of this guy. I kind of know what will happen. What's the reason? What's the reason? Because he back in the day was huge. I don't know if you ever saw pictures of him, but he competed in the Mr. America back in the early 70s. Okay. Was massive. And he was also known for taking a lot of steroids. Oh, really? Guys to experiment and really push it as far as the steroids. Alright, it's going. He would openly talk about it too. No kidding. Yes. Both turns. And the women's aspect of the sport. It's becoming less and less desirable for the average Joe on the street to want to have anything to do with the sport. It seems as a aesthetics and beauty of physique are not really taken into consideration. It amazes me because the sport that went so badly to grow and expand seems to hold itself back. So from my own standpoint, I'm trying to project to not only the bodybuilding public, but to the general public, the outlook that you can be sort of normal. You can be fashion-competitive. When did he come out as being gay? You're a little too useless. Two years after this. Okay. Yeah. Beautiful physique and maximizing your own potential. They cut the music out here for us. We don't have to worry about it. Yeah, so this was his first Olympian 84 here. Okay. And him coming out as gay. That did cause him some issues. Didn't it with the organization and stuff? Yeah, big thing back then. Yeah. Yeah. Because he was very good-looking guy. Women love this guy. I mean, he's okay. And he was very classy. You could see the way he was dressed. He wouldn't dress like an average bodybuilder. He would just very nice. Like a just like a GQ model. Okay. And I mean, I didn't know that he was gay. So I was shocked. I mean, but I guess if you were in the California area, it was kind of known that he was. Okay. But Joe Weater would never say it. Interesting. Huh. I know he lives on Vancouver Island with his partner now. Oh, do they? Okay. I've seen pictures of him on social media. He's really skinny now, right? Yeah. Yeah. He stopped lived in for sure. Very much against antibiotics. I'm not saying that I've never used them. But I'm very much against them. But to have the feeling that I must use them in order to compete. To be forced to do that is extremely frustrating and disillusioning. Yeah. The gem, even. I'm very aware of the negative connotations of the grunting, greased up flexing, massive vein bodybuilder. And I don't want to be seen in that light whatsoever. I don't want to be identified with that at all. So therefore I usually train covered up where I was what certain in gym and shorts and train as uncomfortable. But it's not important for my ego to be Googled and admired constantly every day and to have my physique perused each time I come into the gym. I'm there to do something for myself. And to use the time as economically as possible. And I dress for the utility of that purpose. How? When do you last say he's a loser? He's the one who's the second. He's the one who's the second. He's the one who's the second. He's the word perused. Yeah, not often, not often. Now, see if this wasn't the 80s and he had the purple shorts on, I would have called it. But because it's the 80s, everybody had purple shorts. You never would have guessed. You know? But for sure. But I would be certain that he was a world's gym guy. He didn't probably want to have anything to do with all the nonsense at golds. Absolutely. You're right. You're a universal being the American National Chancellor. You're gold really like them too. It's like my life. Okay, see why man. He's took what he's doing seriously. He's a respectable human being. He's not causing trouble. He's probably Joe with like all of his clientele to be like him. Right. It's crazy to see those little tiny platforms on the list. Yes. And that really hit your Quadzords at the party. And just last week, I figured that I've turned down and missed out on over a million dollars worth of work in the film industry and the fashion industry. FI training for the Mr. Olympia because it would have been work that was far too intense to accompany intense training for a show. So I don't know if that's my dilemma right now. Should I continue to pursue being competitive? Should I put it on the back burner for a while after all, on 25 years old, we have competitors who are 50 years old. Yeah. Or should I consider myself having gone through that phase of being competitive bodybuilder and now Bob Paris moves on to pursue other projects. How much longer did he compete? Frankly, he has a lot of interest in this. He stopped. He had a bodybuilding. I think in 86. Oh, hold that thought. Hold that thought. And then you can just start back up after he, after this, picks back up. He wanted to pursue an acting career like being a real actor, like the theater, not just in movies. Oh, yeah. So he stepped away for only a year or two, I think. And then I think he came back in late 87 and then in 88, he looked fantastic. He got third place at the night of the Champions, year fill hill one. Okay. He looked awesome. But Paris was always like touted as like the next Mr. Olympia because he had a Steve Reeves like physique. He was tall, he was like six feet tall, I believe. And he looked more like Steve Reeves than Frank Zandett, you know. He just, you know, he really good legs. And they just kept after him, you know, you got to get bigger, you got to get more rip. You got to get bigger. And he wouldn't do it. But I have an idea of my mind what I want to look like. And that's it. And I'm not going to go past that. And I think you could see that with the, he was talking about steroids there. Like I don't want to push it too much, you know. And so he never got freaky and he wasn't able to challenge Haney. And he would go into shows a lot of times like a little smaller or too smooth. And he, he had the genetics, but he just didn't really push it. He wasn't as hungry as it was. Yeah. But I think it was because he had this idea and his mind of what he should look like, you know, yeah, he had an aesthetic in his brain. And it's that he's stuck to. Yeah, which I kind of given credit for because he stuck to it and he didn't go to the whim of the judges, you know, he just kind of did what he wanted to do. So I given credit, he had the courage to do that. But it did kind of hurt his career. And then once he came out and 88, he said he was gay, I think I mean, he's still competed after that for a couple more years, but they weren't looking at him then as a Mr. Olympia hopeful after that, you know. Yeah, now who we looking at here? Thank you. I believe this girl's name is Carla Green. She was from Vancouver. Hey, Tory, do you know Carla Green from Victoria, Canada or Vancouver? No, just wondering. Victoria knows all the females. Yeah, she just brought me a cherry Pepsi zero. These are good. I don't think she did very well in competitions, but she was competing. OK, I always enjoy watching this footage of her stretching on the beach. I really know what I should do. Yeah, so it's hard to imagine. She was considered to be like very muscular at that time. Yeah, isn't it? I mean, yeah, I think that must go for a bikini girl now. No, she really isn't. You know, I mean, she's definitely fit. She's got muscle, but I know a lot of women that have that much muscle. You know what I mean? Yeah, like in they're not even competing. Right. Oh, yeah, for sure. Yeah, 40 years ago is totally different. Oh, man, I tear my shoulder turned to do that. That does not look safe. Particularly for the reasons that I want to be part of what's involved. And I want to know what's going on and be nothing Vancouver. I was I didn't have that. That's a good thing that we're available. That knows everybody in this sport. That's a very superior to what I've been exposed to out there. They're more professional. Bodybuilders down here. And their knowledge is accessible to me as well. That's your favorite name was Call of Green or Carlet Temple. I don't know. That's all through the whole temple. I'm wondering if this is before people were doing fake boobs because just wondering. They can't bite a bat. Yeah, in the 80s. I don't think it was that. She has some good genetics and we'll say that. She's like good genetics. Yeah, they're very beautiful girl. Okay, Carlet Green. If so, it looks like she might have dated Lou for a rig. Well, that's Carlet. That's his wife. I'm sorry. So it's not Carlet Green. It's Carlet Temple. Okay, Carlet Temple. I'm going to turn this down. Case this is some sort of monetized music. There's a bunch of it in here. See, I'm looking her. Carlet Temple was Rick something I believe. I can't remember his last name. Oh, yeah. Okay, so she did get into really good shape. Once she got, so she's definitely off season here. But once she got into shape, you could definitely see a lot more definition in her shoulders, her arms, good quads on her. She's had some muscle on her for sure. Did she ever win a show? Or just play style. Uh, let's see. I'm not sure. Now, she said, well, she was at the Olympia. Okay. Um, she placed fifth and still holds the highest title of any Canadian female body builder in the Olympia. This was from muscle insider. I'm not sure if that's been broken since. Well, you're just you take fifth. Uh, let's see. Inthusiast in 82, she competed after just 10 weeks of training. And won her first body building competition. She went on to win the BC provincial championships in western Canada. Uh, concurrently, that was 83. A few months later, let's see, in 84, she competed in the world's pro-invitational fifth place. It was invited to the coveted missile Olympia where she placed fifth. So it would have been 84. After that, years of seminar tours, public appearances, TV shows, movies and print advertising. She went on to become a personal trainer and she shared her secrets with many clients. Carla Temple. Yeah. That other girl they were just showing that big girl. That was teagun cleave, I believe. Okay. Again, her. Her. Yeah. Kind of crazy, you know, wild hair. And yeah. She was big, you know, and she trained really heavy and hard. And there was a famous incident where she was at a contest. Uh, and she went into the women's bathroom. And when she came out, this cop, like the skinny security guard cop was there. And he grabbed her and he put her in a headlock because he thought she was a guy going into the women's bathroom. Oh, dude. Yeah. And then there's a picture in flecks where Rick Valente is trying to talk to the cop. Like, let her go, that's a girl. That's a girl. No kidding. Yeah. I don't know what the hell she's doing there. But. Yeah, she's she was like kind of crazy kind of our Orthodox. And I'm like people. Let's see if we turn this up and find out. We can't turn it up. But people were still, they look like girl and go, they were figuring things out back then. You know what I mean? Like they they didn't have, uh, I mean, it's because of them and the people who did things that were weird and unorthodox that we discovered a lot of new stuff. And we discovered what not to do, too. Yeah, you know what I mean? Yeah. Wilder. Oh, yeah, she's geared up. Look at this. Yeah, like that. What the hell is that? I mean, this watch you get. Yeah. Are they sure? I didn't use this. Yeah. Do you go backwards? Oh my god, I wish we could play this sound here because she's definitely got a great monologue happening throughout this. Yeah. But at this point, women were getting really involved with the sport, too. It wasn't just a guy's thing anymore. Yeah, this is 86. So yeah, I mean women's the misalimpio started in the 1980. So it was getting really popular. And then it was just kind of, this was start, this was where the debate was starting like, how big did the women get, you know, like, okay, I'm sorry, you wanted, I think in 84. Yeah, and she was all an athletic looking and pretty muscular. More so than like Rachel McGlish was. But then toward the end of the 80s, like 89, when Corey won her last one, that's when they were starting to get really muscular. Yeah. Oh, then the 90s just things went crazy. Yeah, yeah, then when Linda came in, they got really got much much bigger. And the sport of bodybuilding, you really have to be available to the people who are going to promote you through the sport. And that would be the magazine publishers or editors, writers, anybody in the television or screen business, it's all happening down here. And you can really hear a lot of things through the network. And that could be through the, your fellow competitors, the gems, or whoever. You're going to have access to that. And it's available to you. But you have to be available to them. I'm like now, or you do everything online, you're something happening. Now, this is Frank Richards. Oh, Frank was another bodybuilder from the 60s. He was around during Arnold time. And he was a very big guy from England. And he had a lot of control. And then he was working construction. And he fell off of being. Oh, he fell like 10 feet or 12 feet. And he really messed himself up. He broke his wrist. And, you know, he broke all these different bones of the movies. And he had to take off a long time. I almost killed himself. Jim, and he came back in the 80s. So he came back in 85, I believe, at the night of the Champions. And then he was in the 85 Olympias. Well, okay. So he did pretty good. When he came back, he wasn't as big. He had more of a muscular, more rip physique. Yeah. Where back in the day, he was kind of like an Arnold type where he was really big and massive. Okay. So Z kind of changes he got older. But I think he competed for about maybe five years in the 80s and then he retired. All right. Let's see what he has to say here. Well, 24 hours a day of your life. I've played the English game, Real B. I was also a sprint to a national level. And I liked the weight smaller than the other sports. I don't say they always say, make the weights rougher when those count on the right. Sounds like that. But really, as to me, it's the King of Sports, what a belly. It also is a sport that gives you a long, long last month. It was a good bett. I made come back after 15 years. Our battles as a medical, my built pills, medical, my. Incares, the longest, but I was able to do it. They come back. Simply because you are able to do it. You can train in, in bodybuilding because long as you are mentally capable. Mentally physical, because as long as you're a mentally capable, the physical side will always take care of itself. This is really true. Isn't it? I can not teach you that you have. Yeah. And as long as they weren't built on site, I had you back then too. So they were just kind of filled the muscle. I think you can put it in until you 60. Yeah, everybody did those lateral raises, freaking through the sky. You don't even mean like way, you can way overhead. Right. And they would bring them in front of their thighs too. I've seen Franco do lateral raises that were like, way up here. You know what I mean? It's like, what are you doing Franco? But they made it work. You know, look at that back in the day when you had those, those camel cigarette ads on a big billboard. That's a lot. What does she want to be doing? Yeah, she's going to blink as on really 10 weeks by the way. Is this the blink as I'm don't say anything around you? Man, yeah, I'm telling you, John, instead of doing reaction videos, we need like a time machine where we can just go back in time. And we can like talk to all these people and stuff. Just hang out there's the weight pin on goal. So they still had the weight there. Yeah. That's changed a lot since then. Oh yeah, yeah, look out. Look how Venice beats like so different too. It really does. When's the last time you were out at Gold's in Venice? Just a couple years ago. Okay. I think two years ago, yeah. Okay, so this has been after the changes post, you know, shutdowns and all of that. I heard it's a lot different now than it used to be. Yeah, it was still pretty crowded. But you know, yeah, all the COVID stuff was over with, you know. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I heard they got all sorts of new equipment and stuff. Yeah, yeah, and a lot of new equipment and stuff. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I think there's a camera. Yeah, the camera with it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The big old lens on it, which we can probably take pictures just as good now on our cell phones, you know. Yeah, he might have just been visiting California. Maybe it was after that contest that could sparry one that pro world because he was in that too. Maybe he went out with the person photo shoots and maybe he was just, because I think he lived in England. I don't think he moved to California. Yeah, oh man, I wish you could see those prices. Yeah, you know what I mean? Remember when like he'd get a soda 25 cents, 50 cents and like that. Hey, while we're there in our time machine, why don't we buy some properties right here? I was just thinking that thing. Yeah, I'm going to say that. Yeah, yeah. People started to make the biggest appearances. So even when I never paid on stage for 50 years, I was going to take a phone with my other name. Yeah, it was hard. Especially for more mature bodybuilder, too. He looks great. Right, he was a good poser, too. Like on the first five. Well, where you place the Olympic in 85? I don't think he made top 10. What was his name again? Frank Richard. Okay. I'll let him out. Frank Richard. Richard, he won his class in the Navabab back in like 1970. Okay, this teen years later. Let's see here, Frank Richard's post-contest because he's in Eden some cake now. Yeah, I'd love to go back then and see. I'm seeing pictures of him. I mean, he really did have a great physique. Yeah, it's too bad he got in that accident because they were saying he was going to be the next Arnold, you know? He came in 10th at the 85. Okay, so we did a big hit. Yeah. Hey, but it goes to show man. You never know when body building is going to, you know, competitive body building is going to get taken away from you. So it's like, you know, you can complain during your prep and stuff, but honestly, I just, I'm grateful. You know what I mean, John, like you're still dieting down, getting into great shape. It's like, yeah, I have gratitude every time I've gotten into a really good shape now. Because you never know if this is going to be the last time we're going to be able to do it. I don't think, yeah, I know a lot of guys, older guys that can't train at all now, you know, because they got nerve damage or things. Yeah, and you're still blasted, man. You're still hitting the weights hard. Yeah, I would like to ask. Look at this is a K-backster. She was one of the early body builders. She had a pretty muscular physique. I know, I have a totally one of my body subs. I'm carrying your gold. Much better now since they're working on it. Looks like they're doing some ART. Yeah, it's like the skulls were in the first of sports therapy. I'm only getting better. I hurt my back before I got released and I'm up. And I remember coming in here and I said, please, Gary, give me some help right away. That guy's sure could be more unbuttoned. He has like two buttons down at the bottom. I can stand up straight. Actually, I'm more injury free now than I've been a long time. It's crazy, Scott, because, you know, I remember training back in the 80s. And if I had injuries, there was really, unless you found it, I were a crafter. There was no word of go. You know, they didn't have all these clinics. This is Charles Glass here. Oh, yeah. Today's a go. And came in in that time. He's experienced in pain in the upper back. But we're doing now is going in for economic adhesion movement through that muscle, in the proper direction, with the proper pressure. Yeah, you wouldn't be able to find a practitioner like this back done easily. Not too easily, right? Very rare. I got it. Dude, even in like the mid to like really 2000s, it was hard to find somebody for me. Yeah. I try to, when I first started getting therapies back in, I couldn't squat 135 without pain. And since I'm coming here getting therapies, well, no wonder you're freaking shoulder hurt. It's dude. You're doing it. What are you doing? It really loosened the back up and strengthened the back in the sense because it allowed me to do more of the back movements that I couldn't do to help. So, I mean, I really want to surprise him on our wedding day. I'll just cut all these out. Nobody will know. Yeah. Then I'm getting that one missed his bleeding. Turn that down. We got some good old classic hip hop happening here. Oh, no wonder we do because we got my Christian showing up here. Have you had Mike on your show? Yes. How is he to interview? He was good. He very interesting life. He was in the gangs and stuff when he was younger. Oh, yeah. What do you say about that? Not a lot. You know, but he just said he had a pretty tough beginning. You know, he came from Oregon and then he moved to LA. Okay. But I think he was seeing the gangs in LA. I think he was. I can't remember. It was a few years ago that I interviewed him. Okay. That's a look right there. The stranger and the do-reg. Yeah. Man, he looked so good too. If I'm not mistaken, I think that that's stringer is going to pop. Like it's going to break. Thank you. It's pretty dangerous. It's told nobody to thread right now. So Mike won the Nationals in 84 and Gospari was in that show too. Gospari won the late heavyweight. But Mike was the guy, you know, and everybody thought it was going to be the guy to challenge Haney. So when they turned pro, Gospari all sudden pop to head of Mike. Because Gospari was like 20 pounds heavier when he turned pro. Okay. So Mike and Gospari had a big rivalry. And just like at that pro world in 86, it was Mike and Gospari won in two. And Gospari beat them both times because there was a show in LA too. And he beat them there. And then he always beat them and he'll impiate too. So it was kind of surprising to Mike because he thought he was going to have a great pro career and it was going to be between him and Haney, you know, for the contest. Yeah, training there with Lewis Freetis, Fritos from Brazil. Oh, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm number seeing him on the pump for gold pumping for golds. Move right. Right. Yeah. He had great legs. Yeah, really good physique. Smaller guy overall. Smaller structure too. But he, but he was decently heavy. I wanted to say right. Yeah, he was a heavyweight. Here we go. Thank you, breaks out here. Oh, you were right. You weren't joking. You literally broke it. That's okay. He just made a timer. Yeah, lots of acetygothes. Damn it. Do X to four or five reps and he wouldn't do it. You know. And I'm that type of person. I need that extra four or five reps. I need somebody to yell at me. I need somebody to push me. Yeah, he had a killer physique. He really did. Great. Older's arms. He's arm-to-folded. He's made that. He was made for a straight-her. You know what I mean? Those chest-to-res are. That's the loo-ly. Tell me, how many of them are there? They're personality too. Oh, yeah. That. To find a good training partner. I like how he's pulled her hat. And thank God I got one. It's time to waste free days from Brazil. He's up a coming bodybuilder. He placed 8th or 9th in the universe this year. And he's a big kid. There's a med school. They're good looking. Travelling animals is like your name. Pretty good. We have a special magic together. You know, I mean, he's pulling higher. That is me. And just really quick to get him. They're happy with me. Get a real high voice too. He did. He did. Great. He's set the back right here. It looks like he dies his hair here. A good training partner. I tell you what it is. Big dudes. You have to have somebody that both of them. You can listen to. You know, like when they say five more reps. He's in the world. Just anybody can't tell me five more reps. You know, it takes a certain type of voice, a certain type of person. For me to listen to. That's why I can't just train with anybody. You know, I have to see something. And I have to see that he will do five more. I tell him, you know, and he is able to do it. That's one thing to magic. That's the between me. He wants to just the bad. It's me. We're both young, hungry lions. I like the smack talk between him and Lee Haney. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm like. I'm going to go. Yeah. Yeah. Did you beat him? Yeah. Man, he made some noise too. He wasn't. He was like a pop to get in, man. Lost his stringer again. Yeah, he would never fit in at World's Gym. No, God, no. Yeah, he's a gold guy by all means. Yeah. Yeah, he got mad. So I guess part of being like training partners. You have to keep tying his uh... Yeah. You have to tie his clothes back together when they rip apart when he gets a pump. It's part of the job. You always wore those dueregs too. Yeah, yeah, he always did it, me. Yeah. Did he have, what was his clothing line? Was he, did he do crazy wear? I think Strideham had crazy wear. Crazy wear? Platinum. Platinum. Platinum. Platinum. Okay. Yeah. Did you have friends with a little more relaxed? Do you know? And it's a little smaller. I need a big gym with big guys around me. He's talking about going to the gym. Yeah. He's having a big gym too, man. Look at all that equipment in there. Yeah. And I think it was all one room back then. So they said the atmosphere was crazy. Does everybody just jammed in this one room with the music blast? And you know? Yeah. The bay doors are open, count, hot California day. Man, that would be, that would be awesome to go see that back then. Little loose training style there. Yeah, yeah. That girl's checked for the time. Yeah. Everybody's getting after it though. You see that? Yeah, everybody trained hard. Because it all rubbed off on everybody. You know? Yeah. They said when they put good music on, the play the intensity would just go up. Oh, I bet, man. I bet. Yeah, I think people go to the gym for a lot of different reasons today. And I think some people, man, they don't even, they look down on training hard. Like they're like, oh, I'm not one of those people. I just, you know, you just keep your cool kind of attitudes. Like, no, man, get in there and give it. You know, right? If everything you can, well, the two busy on their phones, you got to check the phone to me. Yeah, this would have been an awesome freaking hero. Yeah. So they have figured out this? First time in 1990, so it was right around this time. But I mean, okay, everybody was there, you know, all the big dude in there. It was just such a great atmosphere. I bet, how big were you in 1990? Well, I was competing. I was big. Yeah. Yeah. So were you out there just a visit or are you doing a show? Yes, there's some. Is it? Yeah, friend of mine was out there. All right. Visiting the sister so me and him went out there. Nice. But we went to goals every day. I bet you, dude, man. Who do you remember seeing in 1990 that, like, you, that, you really remember? I remember, Roland Kickingjur was doing in clients with like Hunter Pound Dumbells. But he was massive. He was huge. And I don't know him. Oh, yeah, he was the guy that was like, kind of look like Arnold. But he said he was like the next Arnold. Okay. He was a pro for a while, but he never did anything. He didn't get some experience. And then he got into movies and stuff. Okay. I want to win, you know, I want to show the other competitors and the judges and the people and audience that I am the best. That's a very, very, very, very, very, very great. Oh, yeah. And that didn't much bigger than he is now league, esparate, beckles, all of the top five, all of the top 10. I am the only competitor that can really put more muscle on his frame, which is not the most taller. And bigger than the other competitors, you know, you know, you better. So what I have to do is I have to keep on putting more muscle on, which I do every year. I put six, eight pounds of muscle on the other. Yeah. Yeah. Still overall crazy physique. This is just a matter of time for me. And I think this always really got to help me. And he was never at it. He's a possible bet you're underestimating some of the other people. And after all, Mitch Sparie is very good. Albert Berkill is very good. Yeah. Don't you have to keep them in mind as well as course. I don't. I don't. Lehan is a man to be no question about that. But of course, I see Albert Berkill's every school I have in the gym, get me either, you know. So I know, I'm just all competitors. You know, I just, I go for number one. Yeah. That's true. It's first. You beat everybody. Yeah, it's right. Exactly. Listen, good luck in the Olympia. Thank you, Bill. Okay. We'll take it. He was kind of one of those guys that, uh, Mr. O 85 question mark. He was one of those guys here on the racquet. Yeah, I think it's an 85. Yeah. I did. Get the road to the Mr. Olympia. So we don't get to actually see the Olympia. Now, this is all just leading up to it. Yeah, I think they filmed this probably in the spring, you know. I'm just like it was right after that. Oh, okay. But I think this was the first video they did like this because that other one you guys saw was the, was before 88. Yeah, oh yeah, yeah. Yeah. And there's the, there we are on stage now. Lehanie does it again. I think this was 84, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Featuring and order of appearance. Time plants, which is, I mean, all these people, man, were freaking, you know, all of them were amazing guys back then. Yep, Carla Temple. Yeah. And Teagan Clive. I've known that name. She was something else. I was going to lower you green. She must have been the other girl working out. And Rich Martin, Ellie, that was the guy that was working out with Carla. Okay. Yeah, this is freaking awesome, man. This is, this is cool. Plus like I said, there's nobody better to watch this with than you because John Hanson, you're, you're literally like the best body building historian that I know. You knew just about every single one of these people and you're some sort of factoid about at least each one. How many times do you think you've seen this movie? I've probably seen at least 30 times. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. I bet. I mean, I knew exactly when Mike's thing was going to rip. That's what I was thinking, man. So the thing is is that for some people, this might be their first time watching this. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. So we encourage you guys going back in watching the whole thing again, you know, without us talking over it. We'll have to find something else. Maybe you guys can comment. What do you guys want to hear us react to and review and watch with you next? People loved the last ones. Hopefully they get as much out of this one, John. Yeah. That was great doing with your Scott. I love doing these. Me too, man. This is a blast. Hey, if people want to reach out to you for coaching anything like that, what's the best way to reach out? John Hanson Fitness is my website. So okay. John Hanson Fitness.com. And of course, go to the Bodybuilding Legends podcast. A lot of these guys that you saw in this video, you could literally hear John get to interview them. So you've got to, you've got a huge archive, man, of a lot of the things. Yeah, my website for that is BodybuildingLegendShow.com. Okay. That's the website for the Bodybuilding Legends podcast. And if you go to that website and click on podcasts, you'll see all the podcasts I've done over the last six and a half years. Okay, they're listed on the website even. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. See the ones with like Albert Backels and Lee Haney and Rich Kasparry. I got to interview Chris Dickerson before he passed away. I had some great interviews with Boyer Co. Yeah. Yeah, a lot of older guys to some of them who have unfortunately passed away since then. So I even interviewed Winston Roberts who was a judge at the 81 Olympia and I got to ask him how he judged the 81 Olympia. Yeah, and Winston passed away only a couple months after I interviewed him. So that was okay. I was glad I got to talk to him. That is cool. And at the end of the day, man, like this is how we record the history is the stuff we're doing. You know, us talking about this. You doing your interviews. This is important stuff in my opinion. I do. Yeah. You know, we can't really understand where we are unless we understand where we came from, you know, and the history of bodybuilding is rich and it's freaking awesome. So this has been a blast, man. Of course, check out all of our stuff. By the way, John, you're also on iTunes and all of that. So if they don't want to, if they want to go straight to the podcast app, they can find bodybuilding legend. I'm just going to modify an Apple iTunes. So yeah, you can get the podcast each week on there. We've got the end of the year coming up now. So we've got our shows with Jerry Brainham that I do every year. We go back. We don't talk about the year that just passed. We go back 50 years since we're at history show. We go back 50 years, 40 years, 30 years and talk about like 93, 83 and 73 and what happened in the year. Wow. So that's cool, man. That's freaking awesome. So check out that. And of course, check out our great sponsors, trinutrition.com, user code, think. People have been asking about merch. So we've got merch now. I'll have the link for that below. And shirts are like 30 bucks, basically. We've got, we've got like the athletic fit, we've got loose fit. There's a bunch of different color options. So when you click on each shirt, you can see the drop down menu. So I picked the red one, but we have this in a bunch of different colors. And the white logo, we've got the it's just bodybuilding shirt, Christmas cab and shirt for the drug and stuff podcast. And all of that. And of course, thank you to everybody who's helping to support the programming on Patreon. You guys are freaking awesome. And you've got a YouTube, too, John, right? It's a bodybuilding legend. Yeah, I'm under time. Oh, it's under John Hansen. And some of your shows you've done, you actually have like whole videos that you've put together of old footage and pictures to go with what you're talking to. I tried to do that with all of them. Yeah, especially if I've done the video interviews, I tried to put it up on YouTube, but I edit them and you'll understand this because you do a lot of editing. I put all the pictures in there of the contests they're talking about. So it takes a while. So I'm a little behind on that, but I'm getting them up like every week. Cool. Well, you, I'm sure that everybody can go back then and look at the archive. You know, because you've put a bunch of them out that way. And yeah, man, I know how much work that takes. It's a lot. That's a lot. So anyways, we appreciate you guys tuning in. And like I said, comment below, let us know what you want to hear us to review. Next, it'll be a blast. Yeah, I'm out. All right, John, let you get it going. I know you got your workout to do next. All right. All right, thanks, Scott. Great seeing you, buddy. You too, man. You too.