Is there anyone you think is being, who would you say is being overhyped? Overhyped. Well, maybe I don't know if he's overhyped, but like I'm thinking Samsung maybe at this point because he's the Mr. Olympia and I feel like he brought that conditioning last year just good enough to win and the party was off and Eric was also pretty badly off. And Samsung brought that conditioning good enough only that one time. That Mr. Olympia and he's usually like a 80% and that was maybe 90%. He was never really shredded. So, I wouldn't bet on him doing the Mr. Olympia if I'm not sure he's going to be able to be conditioned. He has the best body I would say, but you know, conditioning is a huge factor. Let's say Samsung. Oh, that's a statement. Who's most, who's most overrated? The current champion. Just like straight, that's straight for the neck. Hey everybody, welcome to It's Just Body Building. I'm Big Ron Parlo and of course Dusty Han Shah and the producer Scott McNally. Remember to like, share, subscribe, comment, and bring them to bow. And of course, I am mutant.com. Go to I am mutant.com. Get your ice will surge. Get your all in and everyone should get on the gear. Coats Dusty or Big Ron, whichever one of us you feel the most sorry for. I always win. I always win. Dusty wins all the time. I'm afraid to say. So it's a great to have a guest on the show today. We got even body building. He's got a great channel. He does a great job at break and stuff down. I know a lot of you people are already watching his breakdowns because we are. What does he not good at it? We are not the people. We're not about to do today. For proper content break down, we get sidetracked. We do the top. We do third place and then we forget second and then we talk about the winner and then we forget to talk about the other divisions. And but if you want body building breakdowns, even body building is the man. Welcome to the show. Thank you. Thank you man. Hey guys, I just wanted to say like, I'm listening to you doing this instrument. I've been listening to this. I heard this so many times because like I said, I'm a huge fan of your show. I rewatched many episodes during my podcast and like it feels like I'm watching a podcast. It doesn't feel like I'm filming a video. Well, that's good. Let's do this. I'm going to go. Wanted to be easy. So we're just going to softball you a bunch of bullshit for a while. And you just have fun. Lobbing it in. Lobbing it in. So let's just start with like I said, you're you're you're good at having an opinion and a take on all these guys, their physique. I think quite often we sort of, I don't know what do we do. We sort of like everybody. Yeah. We say we do a little bit of that, but you're you're like, I think this guy's going to be to sky. This you know what I mean, you're very good at that. What's your breakdown? Obviously, we're coming into the Olympia now. How do you feel about how this show's going to go? Well, first of all, I got to say like it's it's much easier for me to be brutally honest and to have opinions because I never see these guys in person. I'm not a dirty guy. But I'm not going to text you. What the hell was that? Yeah. Yeah. And a lot of them are watching what they're saying. Yeah. But like not a lot of them will actually tell me that they seen something. So like I've been to the US or something like that. You know, so I can say whatever I want him. I find no somebody personally. I take it easy. I'm a meaner if I know them. So it's much easier for me to have those opinions. But yes, far as the Mr. Olympia. Honestly, like I know it's not super realistic, but I have a Nick Walker waiting actually this year. Nice. Okay. What tells you that? What that's a legit. That's a legit opinion to have. So why did you got have you looking at Nick? Well, look, I mean, Samsung is the founding champ. He's supposed to be the favorite, but you know, these days, it's not like the way it used to be back in the day. Like we had those long reigns of, you know, one, Mr. Olympia. And you have to do not keep down to defeat him for the last six, seven years. It's been like every year, different Mr. Olympia. So that whole thing doesn't exist anymore. And, you know, he Samsung lost to Derek at the Arnold Classic. So Derek is like the favorite because you're on a good issue last show. And in my opinion, and like in the opinion of many others, pretty much everybody, Nick beats, you know, Derek at the Pittsburgh Road. I think Tyler and Annie also agree with that. Like everybody, pretty much some of the judges, the judges show. Like in half of them, like a little bit more than half. So like, you know, officially in my opinion, Nick has the best physique. It's all about how good his control, his midsection control is. You know, he doesn't have to do like a deep vacuum. Just to control it good during the transitions and everything. He has so much muscle man like he has the best, back double vice of probably best back last, but now as well. Maybe not the biggest lads, but like those poses are crazy. So, you know, he has the most muscle. He brings the conditioning every single time. He's really good like his, you know, great energy on stage, charisma and all that. He has a lot of fans as well. I don't think that can hurt. So, you know, in my opinion, I think you beat both Samsung and Derek. And if Hadi shows up, you actually guessed the US and he brings the same condition. He brought to the 24 Arnold Classic. Now I have Hadi, but that's a big gift. So, what's the story with him? Because I haven't heard like where they at the details on him, Travelling. Well, I mean, with the whole situation in the world right now, I mean, it's probably going to be very difficult. And he also posted a bunch of stories, you know, like he was opinionated. Okay. Actress one. Back, back, there wasn't a post. And I think I don't what he saw, but he never got the visa before. So, I don't think he's going to get a detour this year, but as far as Hadi, I don't know, man. It's going to be probably difficult. Okay. Right. Man. Yeah. I like how you, you were, you talk about Nick winning poses, because like you said, like you mentioned the back, Latsbred. He doesn't have the best back, Latsbred. But when you look at the pose, you've got, you know, like I'm a big fan of when you look at a backlatsbred, and the triceps look crazy. Yeah. You know, like when the, when the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the crazy sweep on the tries from the back. And then the hamstrings, you, you, you start, you know, like because with the backlatsbred, I was looking at Derek's back. And I was like, well, Derek's back. I think is better. But when you look at the full pose, now you start to go shit, Nick, Nick could be winning this pose. And I think that's something a lot of people don't do. They don't look at poses, you know, with a way that, like that's kind of an old school mentality to me is like, there's, you know, seven poses, plus the quarter turns. How many of them do you win? Yeah. You know, that's how I kind of break it down in my head. That's how I think. So is that how you look at bodybuilding shows too? Or, you mean there's a bit of nuance and shape and structure and all that. But you just kind of break it down in mandatory. Well, I would say, yeah, unless it's very close, then they're probably looking at the other stuff, like transitions and, you know, overall presentation posing. But, you know, if somebody wins like five out of eight poses, I think they're going to probably win. And, you know, yeah, like you said, Nick, with those freaking crazy hamstrings, and then the glutes and the bicep peaks in the back double bicep, and like the delts and everything, it's just insane, I mean. So yeah, a lot of great poses. I think you can win, yeah. Yeah. Were you surprised? I mean, everyone knows that Derek has got like a top five rear double of all time. When they called the rear double and Pittsburgh, and you went, oh. Wait a minute. Derek's not landscaping this, and he may not be winning it. Did that surprise you at first? Because I was like, oh, oh, wait. Because I just, you know, as soon as they call a redouble, like, well, there's Derek's pose, and then they both hit it and I was like, Uh-oh, now I got to, I have like, pause the screen and decide who I like better. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. I felt the same way. I was like, he sneaks back though, vice of literally better than Derek's. And I think food was commentating that show or I don't know if I was, it was, it was him who was commentating. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Somebody said, I like his back though, vice. Yeah. It was food and anything. And they said, like, the back though, vice of his better on Nick, and I was like, yeah, I agree. I see that as well. I mean, I can see that Derek has bigger lats. And maybe, maybe traps, I don't know. Like the back itself is better, but the whole pose with everything that was there. Yeah. When you look at Nick Walker's back double, if you cover his arms and shoulders, and then you take your hands off his arms and shoulders, the, it's like having the arms and shoulders in the picture makes the back. Like, it's just the package, you know what I mean? It makes it so crazy. And when you look at Derek's arms and shoulders from the back, like you said, his back is better to me. But the other stuff was like, oh, this is wild. Because, you know, I don't think many people were expecting that. So your math basically at the end of the day is Derek beat Samson, and then Nick beat Derek. So I can't nick win the O. Yeah. Fair enough. Yeah. Who do you see then? Let's assume how he gets in, which means you have hotty and or Nick, first and second, then who's going third and fourth? I mean, how do you like I said, if he brings what he brought to the Arnold Classic 24, he does the same package. That's probably like the best bodybuilder seems to feel he there in my opinion. That look was just crazy, but, you know, that's a big gift. Again, if he shows up, if he brings that kind of conditioning and also like, last year I noticed, Harry was losing some of that fullness thickness in like his hamstrings and his legs, especially from the side and from the back. And I don't know if you'll be able to bring that back. So I think Harry is not going to be that good. I think it's going to be between Derek and Nick and I have Nick winning. Derek second, I would say in third, I'll have Samson actually over Harry and I would say, I would say, Harry, fourth and then probably Martin and fifth. Mark. Okay. Okay. Who do you think is the most underrated guy doing the Olympia so far? This year. Hmm. Underrated. In open bodybuilder. Yes. Yes. That's a tough question. You think Nick Zellet is going to be top 10? I was thinking about him, but I mean, maybe top 10, maybe like 10 because he has a whole bunch of really good guys. Like he said, those five guys and then Andrew Jack and then the Brando Currie, if you compete so much. And then I don't know. William Bonack. Tony O'Glert and who beat everyone forgets about Bonack. I don't know how it these days. How? Yeah. I have a follow up question for you. If magically Keyon was allowed to do both divisions, where to see land. That's a good one. So probably fifth, I can see him fighting against Martin and beating Martin. I would say top five. Fifth. Yeah. Love it. I think Keyon blows my minds. I just love you see him just like the old days, you know. Bring out to see who the ultimate best is. Yeah. So it sounds like you're very impressed by Nick at this point. And he's done a lot this season. Is there anybody else in that, you know, top 10 group that you have? That you have been like maybe surprised by really impressed by. Well, it's definitely Nick for me like by far. I mean, when I saw him at a piece of berg like, I mean, I know he was going to be improved. But not that much. Yeah. And you know, he was just he blowing mine. I mean, that's the guy. I don't want to say anybody else. He has to be Nick. Okay. And I also like Nick's personality. I gotta say maybe that's influencing me as well. I mean, I like that he's so honest. Like he's real. When you watch him on podcasts, I think. I don't know him personally, but it feels like he's just being himself. He's not, you know, you know, role or anything like that. Like he's always being himself. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. We just had him on the show and he's just the easiest guy to talk to. Is there anyone you think is being, who, who would you say is being overhyped? Overhyped. Hmm. Well, maybe I don't know if he's overhyped. But like I'm thinking Samsung maybe at this point because, you know, he's the Mr. Olympia. And I feel like he brought that conditioning last year just good enough to win. And the party was off. And Eric was also pretty badly off. Yeah. And Samsung like brought that conditioning good enough. Only that one time. That Mr. Olympia. And he's usually like a 80% and that was maybe 90%. He was never, you know, really, really shredded. So, you know, like I wouldn't bet on him to win the Mr. Olympia. If I, if I'm not sure he's going to be able to be conditioned. So, I mean, he has the best body I would say, but, you know, conditioning because a huge factor. Yeah. Let's say Samsung. Right. Wow. That's a statement. Who's most, who's most overrated? The current champion. Just like straight. That's straight for the neck. Do you think the judging's been consistent in regards to, like, you know, conditioning and what they're going for and the men's open in general? Well, yeah. I mean, I, I'm seeing some like maybe mistakes that are being made, but overall I think it's pretty good. I mean, I wouldn't complain. I mean, I think with Nick versus Derek, I mean, yeah, like I would say it is consistent, you know, based on the way they're judging, you would expect direct to win. But I think that was a mistake. And I don't know what happened with Nate and the actual losing and placing a third in that show. Like Bruno Santas was in second and I thought Nate was probably like even better than Exila to be honest. And he plays the third. I mean, I don't know what was that. You know, he was complaining on his social media about the judges. So maybe they punished him for it. I don't know. That was weird. But generally, yeah, I like the way the judging is these days, especially like last couple of years. We titled the breaking down and everything and explaining it seems pretty transparent. And I would say it is consistent here. Usually I think Tyler doing the breakdowns on the judging and being transparent with that stuff has been one of the most radical changes to Pro bodybuilding that I've seen in. I mean, the whole time I've been involved in bodybuilding for over 30 years has never been anyone doing that. You know, the old days you just get a score sheet put up online on the third bouncing around on the forums, pictures of score sheets. Yeah. And that was it. And no one would ever explain anything and then Tyler started doing these huge breakdowns for everyone. And I also find like on the amateur side of things, it clears a lot of stuff up for them because, you know, everyone wants to be a pronoun when you hear Tyler talking about what that why they made certain close call decisions or why one guy is a fan favorite was fourth. Yep. And I think it because a lot of people, he could have these things in their head about what they think the judges want. And when Tyler gets in there and started doing that stuff, I've just like, it made everyone else's life easier in a way. Like all the coaches and trainers are like, oh, good. I'm feel like try to explain this to my clients all the time now. I thought the big thing too was like, if you guys remember when he came forth and he was doing a side by side comparison of. I think it was Andrew and Hunter and pointed out that as good as Andrew side tricep looks. It's not a side tricep. So Hunter wins by default. And they're like, listen, he's saying, look, I know that that looks awesome. But it's called a side tricep. So you need to face the side and as a coach. When I heard that, I was like, I forwarded it to half of my clients because they want to emulate these looks. That some of these guys are doing and I'm like, listen, I don't disagree. I'm really unwrotein. That's exactly what I was just going to say. That's a great shot. But it's not what they asked for. You know, I mean, do that side try and then pivot every time. We came again. I started out most muscular. Yeah. And then I said, you know, that's just everyone side trials. Like, what the hell happened to the side try here? You know, the key word is first side. Yeah. Yeah. What's what's your second favorite division? Mine. Yes. We don't care about us. Second classic physical course. Yeah. What do you think of the classic physique division? The direction it's heading in. How they judge that. Obviously, we just saw just said goodbye to Bumsted last year. And we're looking at, I mean, this Olympia is going to be very exciting because it's like, kind of, you know, like the classic physique divisions, 1998. There's no champ. Yeah. Right. Everyone who thinks they can be the champ. Everyone's talking about who's going to be the champ. And it makes me wonder, like, we could see a 1998 here where, you know, no one has talked about Ronnie, right? And then the morning of the show, all of a sudden, everyone's like, the fuck. And I would love to see obviously we all love Mike. We had Mike Summerfield, Mike the badass. We had him on the show. And you know, everyone's talking about him being the heir to the throne. But I just wonder, who else do you see that might, you know, come in and do, do what they got to do? What do you think? Yeah. Well, like you said, I mean, like I said before, there wasn't there is no more legacies, but there is a huge legacy with his palms. But in his case, he was just really that good. Like that much better than anybody else. And I'm looking at his physique and I'm thinking like, what is so special about it? But it's just perfectly, basically there are no flaws. Like it's crazy. And so of course, nobody could beat him now. It's a lot different. And you know, they have this criteria, at least we thought they had a criteria that, like, the classic, it should be a lot about those aesthetics and shape. And now we're seeing that it's not really the most important thing. It's of course a part of it, but like it's judged kind of similar to body building. Like this guy is have the weight limit, but they also need to be as big as possible as condition as possible. And of course, to have nice aesthetics. But like Arnold Classic was a good example of that. We had a Logan Franklin who was in my opinion, like I don't love that look. That was one of my favorite looks in classical physics that I ever saw. Like super, super condition dry details everywhere. And like really good shape, really good small ways, good everything, just, you know, really good flow. But Mike was just bigger. And he was a lot bigger. And like I think Logan was like maybe two pounds shy of his weight cap. But he wasn't struggling to make the weight. You know, Mike was, he was, I don't know, to increase his stuff, just make the weight. So of course, like he's a lot bigger. And yeah, he beat him bigger because of that. And like who do I see potentially like maybe challenging Mike? I mean, it can be maybe Ramon Dino, but I don't know about that. I would like to see Logan, you know, winning it, but he needs to be bigger. How much muscle can he actually put between Arnold Classic and Mr. Rolling Pen not a lot. So I think most likely it's going to be Mike who's winning it. But yeah, I personally like Logan's physique probably more. You know, first in my heart, I wasn't well. It was also really condition, more condition than Logan probably. He doesn't have the same shape like Logan. He doesn't have like the quads and everything. So Logan has perfect shape. I mean, as good as we have with all Chris Bums, that he just needs to be a little bit bigger. He can maybe grow like five pounds. And maybe he can actually push Mike and win the Mr. Rolling Pen. How about how about parents, where do you see parents fitting into all this? You know, before he is this season, and he took some time off and like in the off season, I thought he put on a whole bunch of size. I thought he was going to be like as big as Mike, but when he died at down in the Garland stage, you know, it wasn't that big of a size difference. Yeah, he was improved, but he wasn't like massive the way Mike is. But I'm asking guy. Yeah. So I don't see him beating Mike or winning the Mr. Rolling Pen. No. Okay. It seems to come down to like there's no better situation than being one of those. Guys like Bumsted was where you look way heavier than you are. You know that that that that that trait of looking heavier than you are with the small bones and stuff. And we see guys like you said some guys are they're almost at their weight cap. And then another guy who's at his weight cap looks way bigger because he's stuffed into the class. And and it's another both 202 or whatever, but no the one guy is too 12 he's fake 202, you know, that whole thing. And some guys just have that look all the time. Yeah. And it's like probably the biggest guy we obviously aside from just your skeleton that you're handed. It's like, you know, classic has such a genetic dependency upon that factor for being able to be a limpia competitive. Because you know how how many pounds away from his cap is Mike. I think he's like right at it based based on the pictures he's 40 over. Yeah, but in real life. Yeah. He has to starve down to get there right? Is that that's true right? I think that he had member bones are made out of the same stuff as your bicycle. So they're very strong but very light. Yeah. Yeah. Like when I look at his updates, I can't. Fathom that he can make weight. I mean, he looks enormous. And then he makes weight and a lot of guys and you know this, when they have to squeeze down to make their way. It's like direct lunch for when he kept coming down to two to two. It's so flat. He lost everything. Yeah. Mike doesn't. He makes weight and he looks just as blown out full and I'm like, how? Yeah. There's a lot of factors going on. What type of response do you get from the, you know, I mean, you're giving critique. How many people hate you? Yeah. Like you get messages. Do you hear from any of these guys that are like, hey, thanks for the advice to do the upset. They like what you said about them. Like what are some, what are some incidents that you've had? Well, you know, like I said, I don't know a lot of them personally. Like I talked to some of them. But I'm trying to actually be as neutral as possible. I can have my opinions that I would, you know, really pissing off somebody. But if something happens, it's usually they just block me. I'm Instagram. Or if they're happy, they they they comment and they they say something and a positive in the comments of YouTube section. But how many people are blocked? Yeah. Yes. Two people left. Yeah. Kiyom blocked me. But he's actually watching my videos now and he's commenting. So I probably forgot that he blocked me. He didn't like one video. Well, we couldn't just grab a video. He was probably on a channel or something like that. I was watching that. I'll remind him to unblock you when he talks to him. Yeah. Well, what's one year? What, what, what, what video that you did went to craziest? Got the most views. Well, actually, it's one of my first videos actually. When I started like six years ago and it's like a one minute long video of early wind, clur, cramping up on the Arnold Classic stage. Right. And my voice sounds so strange like I was a kid back then. And yeah, it's got like I think over like two million views. Yeah. And it's still up on your channel. I got to go back and do it. Yeah. Yeah. It's still up dunkless. I want to hear what you sound like as a kid. So how did you how did you get into all this? I mean, curious. I don't know your backstory at all. And I'm sure some of your viewers would like to know it too. Like how did bodybuilding become your thing? Yeah. I mean, and I was spoke about it in any podcast around one of my channel as well. I mean, how did became I think? I don't know. Like when I was a kid, I used to draw a lot. When I was drawing like super heroes and stuff. And I was bad at sports. Like it all sports. Like I wasn't able to do a pushup. And I went with my friends like in a park and we train. I mean, they train. I tried to do a pushup. I couldn't do single one. So I went back home and I was doing those pushups on my knees. And like after six months or so, I learned how to do proper pushups. And started doing pullups and all that. And eventually got into the gym. And I saw I think it was a muscular development magazine from 2011. I think Jay Kattler was on the cover. And actually, no, it was from 2008. And the extra Jackson was on the cover. But Jay Kattler was in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, one of the pages, when I opened it. But I liked Jay Kattler's music more actually. And when I saw that like, you know, I kind of liked it. And I started following, what are you feeling through YouTube? I was actually like, I don't even remember the Hodge Twins. Yes. And then through them, we Marco. And we, Marco was my inspiration to start the channel actually. Okay. Yeah. He stopped, I loved his videos and he stopped filming at one point. And we were left with an extract and power. And honestly, I always found, I mean, I'll be brutally honest. I always found the super boring. I mean, he never competed. I don't think he was ever like super passionate about bodybuilding. Maybe when he was a kid, but like, he, you know, he doesn't understand. Why can't he read like he doesn't really understand bodybuilding that much. And you know, I was watching him because he didn't have who else to watch. And I was like bodybuilding world needs somebody who understands bodybuilding better, who is more passionate about about his like, we Marco used to be and who is willing to put out content every single day and so on. And so I tried. And like after a couple of months, we started going pretty well. I was surprised then started learning money and, you know, eventually, you know, got to this. What were you doing? What were you doing for a living while you were setting up the channel? Like, what did you use to do? Oh, man. Like, 12th. When I first started, I was actually I was doing, there is this thing we do in Serbia, like we do English lessons. To, yeah, with Japanese, Chinese people. So it's like, it's very cheap, you know, if you want an American to actually teach you how to speak English with you to pay a lot more, but this is like a cheap version of that. And so we, I mean, we get paid also very little, but for Serbia that was good enough for me back then. And while I was actually doing the lessons, there is this option, free talk. And when we talk about anything, and I was talking about bodybuilding and I would see like myself getting passionate about it. And people who don't care about bodybuilding with finding interesting because I was so passionate. And I was like, if I can talk here in English and these people find this interesting, maybe somebody who is a fan of the sport we like it as well. So I started doing this on the side and yeah, I was doing that. And I was also doing some other things, you know, in the meantime, like I was trying to figure it out. It was tough at that time. I didn't have a lot of money, but yeah. Thankfully, I found this huge opening and it's great now. What's some of the lessons you learned along the way running your channel? Well, of course, don't click on any strange links or any theme things. Learn that one recently. Yeah, because I was hacked and I was down for a month and now I'm back, thankfully, but that's one thing. If you are a creator, just be careful, let you click on. If you are a lot of your computer, you're a counter, your computer. So what happened? What happened? Because in the last year channel, this said, catch everyone up. You lost your channel and you just got it back. Yeah, we throw a couple of hours to the story. Yeah, it's crazy. I mean, what happened? So I decided to start filming my face for the first time on this channel. I decided to make things a little bit bigger about this equipment. I actually moved another apartment and like, you know, have a second half of the app. I moved the room to actually create a studio and all that. And the first day I moved in, I get this email somebody from Germany's trying to log into your account. It's not you and I was like, no, it's not me. And then it said, your phone number was changed. Another phone number was added to your account. This and that and like I was out. And I was like, is this real life? It's really happening right now. I guess when I was setting up my equipment to film the videos, I probably downloaded something I should have. And that's how the virus got in and they hacked me and this is something they do all the time. To a lot of YouTubers like there are some channels with like, I don't know, millions of subscribers. And they get in, they play this crypto scam fake AI video hoping for people to click on the link to scam them. And YouTube immediately figured out what was happening and they shut down the channel. And eventually like they got me my account back and YouTube was down because it, you know, broke down broke some rules. And yeah, usually it gets fixed like in a week or so, but it took them four weeks in my case. That was like this past month was horrible, man. I was just literally every day we can go out checking the emails all day long, ask and check the P.T. When, why is this taking so long? Watching all the YouTube videos and everything to see how it usually goes. But yeah, thankfully it's over finally today. Yeah, we got, we lost our, it's got lost the whole channel at one point. Yeah, I remember that. Yeah, that was terrible, man. And, you know, I was telling you before the show too that I'll get notifications from YouTube to this day. And sometimes I don't know why my heart will, like, I don't know, like, I'm not expecting it. And I'll see like a YouTube notification in my heart will drop because I'm waiting for it to say like, unfortunately you are broken a rule and your channel is no longer going to be on, like, because that's the message I remember reading, man. Like, I still remember seeing that and being like, no, this isn't possible, you know? Yeah. It was very possible. So, yeah, man. I, I, I, I, I hope that things pick back up quickly for you for us. It took a little while. It, it took some time of like rebuilding that consistency and getting things rolling, but, but you do stuff like basically, I mean, how many videos are you putting out per week now? Well, I'm trying to post every day, but actually a couple of days ago, I started a new channel, a backup channel. Yeah, I saw that. And I had to say, I'm out of views like on my main one immediately. I saw that, you don't, here's my thought, man. And this is advice that was given to me from Dave Tate. He said multiple streams. Don't put all your eggs in one basket. You know, we have the audio channel is completely separate. We have completely separate entity from this. So, when we did lose the video, we still had, you know, a good amount of views because this channel was initially just an audio podcast. So, we've always had, you know, a really solid audio following, and then from here, we, you know, have a second channel as well. So, I have that set up. I have a rumble set up. So, like, if this were, you know, got for bid to go down on YouTube, we still do have a lot of different options. And we can continue growing. I think that was probably the biggest reminder was when our channel went down, was definitely have some sort of diversity. Maybe you turn it in, like, we have our other channel. It's our live channel now. Maybe you do just shorts on that channel and just keep it growing. Like, you know what I mean, short clips, things like that. I bet you that you could continue doing, obviously it's more work, right? But, you know, I think it's worth it. Yeah, my sense. I mean, maybe I'm going to start vlogging a little bit or something like that. Okay. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. So, you said you're in Serbia, right? Where exactly are you? Well, you wouldn't know about a city. I said anyways. Craig Wilets. Craig Wilets. Craig Wilets. How did it say? Oh, okay. I don't give it. The taxi driver could get me there if I said that. Yeah. Probably the twice as long of a pad like, right? Right. What's the bodybuilding situation there? Well, I mean, it's a whole situation in Serbia. It's shit, basically. It's always bodybuilding. And it's a, I don't know, bodybuilding actually. I would say it's surprisingly good considering the whole situation in the country. Like, we have a pretty pretty good community. I would say, I mean, like, there is this thing. I don't know how to translate it. I tried before, like, we have this world championships and European championships. And if you win, if you are top eight, the world's or like top six, it Europeans, you get this monthly salary that the country is paying to you. I don't know how to translate. Okay. But yeah. So we have a lot of people trying to win that. I had that for two years. No kidding. Yeah. But those competitions are drug tested. Ah, so yeah. So you're competing until you actually get caught finally and then you're. I like that. He's not claiming it's natural. He's claiming it there. Yeah. They're testing. Yeah. Two different, very different things. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it is different. Like, there are natural shows and drug tested. Drug tested ones. You try to pass the test. And natural ones are for actual natural people. Nobody is natural. These those shows. I mean, very rarely. Like everybody is on something until they get caught. Until they win, you know, usually when you win your, you're tested. And that's how life will. I want you to be on championships, silver, and yeah, I failed this. I know my good friend Bob Weatherhill, who, who got his pro card at the North American's actually. But he tells me a story about him and Paul Dillett come and down from Canada for the North Americans and like 92 or something. Paul wasn't a pro yet. Okay. And they would come down and it was during that short era where they were randomly drug testing two people from every class. So Bob tells me him and Paul would line up for the heavy weights like this. And it was like walk through and then they weigh in and they'd walk away. And they'd go, grab me. Oh my god. And there's, there's, there's it would be out the weigh in. She'd get snagged. They'd be like, you're testing you. Yeah, and so you just line up in the guy standing there with the clip board and you're like, don't pick me, don't pick me. I feel like in the US the way they would do that is pick the guy they assume is natural. The punter. They're like, let's test this guy. That's 132 pounds and fall back up quarterback through the second to back up quarterback. It isn't the heavy weights right now. Yeah. Yeah. They're not actually trying to catch you. They're just trying to, trying not to catch you on. Yeah. These guys are all natural. As you can see, we have a team drug test passed. Oh man. That would make more sense because this way we are losing great competitors. Like every year we lose a couple of really good ones and they move to NPC and that's it. It seems funny to me because I mean, hey, no one cares. Be like, you know, I mean, why do you go to the circus to see the freaks? Yeah. So it's like, let's do this. I mean, I need them to bring it back to baseball. So I can start watching baseball again. Yeah. It's because of the world and they do up in agency. I mean, they are, the finine say they are actually giving us the money for those salary. Oh, okay. Oh, scumbags. Oh, the money to follow the rules. Yeah. So, so, wow, what's the actual, what's the actual gear situation in Serbia? Well, actually, you can buy a testosterone and anti-toolegely in pharmacies. Yeah. Yeah. And it gets there. It's a lip balm and some deodorant and bottle of test anti-testing. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So like we have the head and you can buy also GH, but it's very expensive to buy it, you know, in a farm. Okay. If you can find it. Yeah. But you can buy it legally without a recipe. Do you guys have a Costco? No. Ah, you're halfway there. Yeah. If they had test at the Costco, then we're really coming full circle. Yes. Yes. Yeah. You can buy some stuff like it also. Yeah. You can buy that stuff. Okay. But the rest is in kind. Offs, yeah. But it's covered then. Yeah. But when you get big at least. Yeah. What about like enforcement and stuff? You know, here in the US, they make it like it's a big deal and everything. Like, oh, you know, steroids there. And I think that we're coming around now more than we used to be. But it's kind of really villainized. Do do do do do the authorities really care like say you got pulled over in your car and you had a bottle of master on with you. Well, I think all the cops are on juice over here. Yeah. So they might just take your juice. Yeah. Yeah. But then I don't think the care is like a public secret here. Recently there is one guy who is very popular in Serbia who was selling and he went to prison. But that's because he had some Kessa Misha with some guy who is, I don't know. I don't know if I should talk about this, but nobody's going to watch this from Serbia. And political situation is very complicated. There is a lot of corruption. And that guy got in trouble with some guy who was connected politically. And I think that's why they arrested him. But usually nobody pays attention to that. Right. That makes sense. What about like the gyms over there, then? And you said NPC too. So like what I guess that's two different questions. So before we get to the gyms, talk a little bit about the gyms. Talk a little bit about like NPC competition over in that area. Actually, I think maybe last year we started having one region or show and I don't know. I think that's the only one, but it's very, very weak. Like I'm busy. I don't think it's going to be able to stay here. It's probably going to have to move because everybody is competing in the FBI. It's competing in the FBI. It's because it pays. And in order to be good in NPC, you need to have a lot of money. I mean, you need to have like what you would consider normal amount of money. But in Serbia everybody is pretty poor. So I need to be able to travel to Europe to, I don't know, to other countries to compete. And to invest a lot like being here and in our Federation. It's much, much more affordable. So yeah, I'm busy in Serbia. I'm not very big at all. And as far as the teams, it's not that great. So we honestly, there is this one chain of gems that is pretty good. Everything else, not that great. I mean, it's a poor country. But I mean, I love it still. But it's very poor. I don't know. Maybe something changes right now. There are huge protests in Serbia because of that corruption like, but the past year. So, hopefully something will change, but I don't know. It doesn't seem very promising. Do you see yourself like moving anywhere else in the EU? No. I mean, the only place that I would maybe consider moving would be to US. But I don't know. I never been there. So it looks good on on fog videos and looks good on paper. Yeah. A lot of things do. Yeah. It's a good thing. I would love to visit one day. But as far as the number of people say, I might move to America. Like whenever I hear like a foreigner say I might move to America, I think of my experience with the United States. And it's not one country. Yeah. Yeah. Florida is not Colorado at all. Yeah. And it's true. Like it's, you know what I mean? We forget like moving to America or whatever. What exactly does that mean? Because it could be, you know, Tennessee or LA. Yeah. Very, very important that you know where you're moving. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The states I don't travel to. Right. What would you say? Like what are the best states to believe it? It depends on what you, I mean, depends on what you like and what matters to you. Like for example, me, California used to be amazing. I used to go there every other weekend, train at Gold's Venice, do the whole thing, get a hotel. It was amazing. And then politics there altered it. And now I mean homeless people are lining the streets. It's, it's not a place that you would necessarily want your wife walking down the road alone in. You know, so those types of things, you know, yeah, tax are out of control, just tons of those things. But I mean for, and then like Ron, for example, it's half of his decision is based on temperature. If it's hot, Ron's not interested, doesn't matter. You're like, you know, I finally moved somewhere that Ron's like, ah, I could do this. Yeah, your summer times are kind of right at my cut off. I could tell, I could tolerate that. Yeah. They're in handle Florida. Yeah. No, no, no. What about your own body building? What's your plan and what are your goals? And, you know, what do you see yourself being able to accomplish? Well, actually, I had a question for you. I'm going to ask you after I finish my answer. So I mean, so far, I mean, I tried. I was competing in Ibiza, like I said, like I was, I took second place at the world and then I wanted a piece and that's what I felt the drug test. And I decided to go for you. Good for you. I tried and actually tried myself out in NPC. And I did a video on Bonnec Classic. And I placed second in my division, my height class and the guy that won here, there, won the overall. And then he went to Fibo and he placed last. So and he was a lot better than me. So I was like, you know, I probably can't be a great pro. And at that point, I kind of quit, you know. But I'm thinking maybe I'm going to do it again. I'm not sure. And like, recently, I kind of switched, that flipped that switch in my mind, that I'm not going to continue competing. And I actually had a question for you, like, and at one point in your careers when you decided to stop competing, like, how did you adjust to that, like, mentally? So I mean, for me, it was always like, my next meal, my next meal, my next meal, always on the mission, always focused on training, on the next meal and gave me, like, this sense of productivity, mission purpose. And now without that, like, I tried to focus on YouTube, but it's, you know, it's just, it's like a job. That was, you know, something bigger than life, you know, a passion, you know, out of, it's strange. Like, how did you adjust to that transition on curious? Well, myself, I was sort of fortunate. I competed, my last show I was 39 years old. And I always told myself, I didn't want to be a 40 year old bodybuilder. Like, I didn't want to be competing at 40 plus. I don't know why I had that number in my head, but I used to say that when I was young. So, like, even in my early 20s, I would say, yeah, I would never do this past 40. I don't know where that came from. So I had already kind of programmed myself that my cod office 40. And I'd been doing it long enough that, you know, I was starting to be kind of ready. So I wasn't, I wasn't like 29 and stopping, which would have been a lot harder for me. You know, I was, I was, you know, 40. Then I had a big injury and then I opened a jam. And once the business opened, I was like, oh, I can just take all that ridiculous stuff that I've done and just put that towards a business, that mentality and, you know, the focus and all that stuff. And I just dumped it on my business. So that's what I tell everyone to do and they're ready to compete. It's dumped on your business. And then get a new hobby to that you can progress at. Because I think one of the things that body builders we all have is we need dusty calls. It is scoreboard. We need a scoreboard. And I know that the dusty end Scott have also talked about we need a drag and that we can slay every day. Yeah. That's it, yeah. And so I just made sure I had hobbies in my life that could be progressive at. Because, you know, I'm going to be, you know, three plate and the hammer machines for rest of my life now. I'm not going to be, you know, five or eight. Yeah, the five row for the two, three plate days are here. And I just want to enjoy the gym and I need something else that I can like crank away out of. I make a little bit of progress, you know, like I might learn a new song, I might guitar every six months. But I've got some new, little scoreboard, little scoreboard for me. Yeah. That's my answer. I don't know about dusty and Scott. But what about you? I mean, for me, it was the when really came down to the fact that when I turned pro, I knew it was over. Like, I knew the whole time as I was bodybuilding and I was not going to be a great pro. I had no delusions of grandeur. And so when I made it and that was great. And I did a couple shows. I realized that I was kind of, I mean, peaked to a point. And what I knew was feasible if I really poured in for a couple more years, still wasn't going to change anything. Like, you know, it was not moving me up a bunch. And I just realized, and I factor my last show, where everything went well, but I actually looked at my physique and I was like, I think I've gotten worse. I was bigger in some areas, but overall I was like, I think I'm a worse bodybuilding than I was a year ago. And so that made it simple for me to drop away, but the hard part, which you mentioned, was, I didn't know how to eat. Or what to do. Look at me because, well, because like you said, everything you did, everything you do when you're bodybuilding is based on the next show. So if the show is in 12 weeks, you're eating based on a show in 12 weeks, if it's in 62 weeks, you're eating based on that. And figuring out how to eat and how I wanted to live. And the big one was I didn't know what I wanted to look like. Because, you know, I see a lot now and kids talk about they're like, wow, you know, you try to stay tight for Instagram and I'm like, oh, I never gave a shit when I looked like, it was about the show. If I needed to be fat as hell to be a better bodybuilder for the show, I don't care. I wasn't pretty to begin with. Let's just be fat and ugly. Who cares? And, you know, so it was like, I really had to step back and figure out that. And so I took a long nap to kind of think it over. And literally slept for like, three months. Yeah. No, so, but now after my coma, I woke up and I just, I realized I just like to train, you know, a lot of people and it, I don't know why they've been wrote, hit during my career. But I only did bodybuilding because I love to train. Yeah. And I was like, well, I still love to train. I mean, I was out of the hospital at like five o'clock in the afternoon and I went and ate a steak to kill a cow for trying to kill me. And then at two in the morning, I drove to the gym. And I was like, all right, let's get back to it. And just started training. And a lot of people like, oh, that's so inspirational. I was like, doing my hobby. Like, it just never crossed my mind. And then of course, my body blew up again really quickly. And then I was like, oh, I better start thinking, like I said about what I want to look like because I don't really need to be big anymore. And that became the balancing board. But, you know, like Ron said, once I settled in, like, it's awesome to not bodybuild now. Like, I eat four times a day and I'll have a protein bar every day as if that's food. And totally satisfied. I'll decide that I'm going to lean down for something for a bit. And then two weeks later, your daughter's like, you want to go lunch? I'm like, I'm not missing that opportunity. And I go. So the freedom is awesome. And I think the big thing that you'll find is no matter where your career ends, you already did it. Like, there's nothing to prove to yourself or anybody else. You're like, once you've been big and sliced, like, that's the end of it. I mean, it was funny. But I looked at the USA as this weekend. And overall, I was underwhelmed. And I pulled up a picture of Ron doing a front double bicep in a show that he didn't do well in. And I showed him, showed Nikki that picture against a couple of guys that did the USA this weekend. And she's like, oh man, Ron, look, great. They're he just smoked him. I'm like, he didn't place in this show. And that was like a realization for her of how much the game has changed. But also, again, I showed him at his worst. And it was still awesome. And that can never go away. You know what I mean? So I love that part. Now, like I've said, I'm a show many times. You couldn't pay me to do a show. Offer me 100 grand to just get in shape. I'm like, eh, right over the beach. I'm good. How old were you when you stopped? Ah, let's see. I'm 105 now. I was 36 when I stopped. Well, is that your last show dusty? Yep. Wow. Yeah. What about the choose? Look, I got started late. You know, I had done bodybuilding as a kid. And then again, later as a teenager. And then again, from like 20 to 22. But I didn't stick with it. And it wasn't until I was about 32. And I had 33. And I had been in recovery for a little while. And I thought, you know what? If I'm ever going to reach that physique that I had dreamt of being able to one day do. Like, now's probably my last chance. So like at that point, I recognize like, I'm probably not destined to become the next Mr. Olympia. You know what I mean? Like, just getting consistent in my, you know, early 30s. So, but I still wanted to be the best I could. And for me, competing was that it was, you know, I kind of like, I looked at people and said like, first I honestly had 125 pounds. I was like, you know what? Those Kelvin Klein models. They have really good apps. And one day I would like to be able to have enough muscle to look like one of them. And fast board like three months. And I was like, oh, that was easy. That was it. And then I was like, you know what, Brad Pitt and Fight Club. He was Jack. That dude was big. I want to get to be like Brad Pitt and Fight Club. And that was not that hard either, you know. Three months later. Yeah. But then I saw this guy named Lance, who was walking through my gym. He was a middleweight competitor. I didn't know that at the time. And I just remember he had like the great, he was in the tank top and he was in contest shape. And he had these crazy round delts, including like the rear delts. Like everything looked 3D on him. And I was like, holy shit, that guy looks just different than everybody else, you know. And I meet the guy and I find out he competes. And so it kind of clicked to me that if I wanted to look like that, I may need a catalyst outside of myself. Because these were all catalysts outside of myself. Like I'm going to try to reach that level. I'm going to try to reach this level. And I thought, okay, so if I want to look like that, I have to have that catalyst of doing the things that would take to do a contest, which is first build more muscle and then get in really good shape. And so like as a middleweight body, but when I was my first contest, I knew like I said that I was it. But like it was great because I almost won that show. I missed it by one point. I expected just to like show up and have a good time and be dead last. And I almost won, you know. So from there that took me down to path of like just seeing what's the next thing I can do and how can I beat that. It eventually though I recognized like, man, I'm taking a lot more gear. And I don't think I should be doing this for a long time. And I had already gotten into coaching and been coaching for quite a while by the time I decided to stop. And it wasn't like a true contest decision, but I was just like, I don't see myself doing this again unless I could make a very definitive difference and come back a lot bigger. And then I might, you know. And then after that I ended up getting sick and it just didn't happen anymore. And I had to come to terms with that. And it wasn't on my terms because I had gotten sick and all that. But I mean, now I'm pretty happy with it. And I'm finally back full circle to like, okay, this is awesome. And I just love training. And I'm shooting for what can I do next? And so I'll tell you what, man, if you love bodybuilding even, whether you're competing or not, like competing is just to me, it's one phase of it. And I can still be just as passionate about it today and get so many great things out of it. I want to be able to keep it in my life forever. It's not going to be at that same level that it was. And there's other things. It's nice because I have a lot more time. If you're competing, there's only so many clients I can work with. There's only so many podcasts I can do. But it's nice to have it as a part of my life and rich my life and make it better. I think I'm a better person to be around. I'm healthy. Hopefully I'll be around longer. If I fall down and won't break my hip when I'm 80 or less likely to, stuff like that. Keep it rolling. I guess our expectations change for the sport. And if we love it, we keep it in our lives. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, basically what I'm getting from all of you guys is that I should continue competing. Because you, you stop. I mean, dust and run, especially you stop when you were basically done. You know, they were big, huge and you were pros. I mean, I didn't turn, row and I definitely don't think I was big enough ever. So maybe that's it. But I'm like, I probably can't become a top level pro. I'm much better at this YouTube thing. So I should probably put all my attention to that to the business. But I don't know. I mean, I think your passion is what you got to remember. If you have a side passion and then you're lucky enough that your side passion also feeds the thing that pays your bills, you're going to be crazy to stop. Because you got to remember, this is the same thing I tell clients all the time. It doesn't matter. I don't, when I'm talking to Jose Raymond or J. Cutler, they don't go, oh, that's dusty. He's not a great pro. He's a bodybuilder. Like a dozen of them care. There's no, no, you know, when we talk to you and you show me a progress picture from today in a year from now, I don't go. I was bigger than that. I go, holy shit, that's enormous change. And I think that's the thing that you should lean into and enjoy and get addicted to. Because I mean, we all have clients that we coach and I'll look at some of their pictures sometimes and we're talking about guys that I'm like, man, I hope one day he can get the top five at the local show. But I see his progress pictures and I get fired up. Because I'm like, holy shit, this dude went in for six months and look how well he was rewarded. You know what I'm saying? So I think you got to erase that gatekeeping mindset about what level you're at because we just talked about this the last week or so. I like to remind clients like, do you know how few people ever win an overall at a local show? There's 300 people doing it and one guy leaves with the win. Like true. You really want to break that down because I think we all look at the Olympian. We go, ah, the Olympian. I'm like, oh, huge it is if you've won your class at a show or whatever. So it's like, to me, you remember every show that you're doing is your Olympia. I was more excited when I won my first overall than when I turned pro because it was just the moment everything was so exciting. And when I won my pro card, I knew I knew the two days before the show, I'm like, I'm not getting beaten. Now what I was like, yeah, let's go eat. So I mean, you really don't want to hang the value of your passion on where can go compared to other people because it doesn't matter. Yeah, I think I just need to somehow maybe like I was, I think I was delusional enough to actually believe that I can be like a top level pro up until recently until I actually did an NPC show and I saw how good I need to actually be to be that good. So you know, I need to maybe sweetly mind sit, you know, just, you know, doing it as a hobby enjoying it, focusing on the progress and that's it. What changed the look? You know, I mean, I, I competed to win and shows I knew I couldn't win. Yeah, you know what I'm saying? You know, you need to be prepping and treating your offseason like you're going to be a top pro. But knowing full well that at the end of the day, I mean, this is something I do with every single competitor before a show, Friday night for a show. I said, I'm three questions. Did you follow the diet? Everything I said to a letter, nothing changed, nothing added, nothing taken away. Yes. Did you train as hard as you could? You do all the cardio. Yes. Is this the best you've ever looked? Yes. Then tomorrow doesn't matter. Hmm. Because tomorrow is out of our control. Someone comes better than you. You can look back and go. There was nothing I would have done different. So who gives a shit? You know what I'm saying? And that's what matters. You want to make sure that you can look a year from now. Let's say you just say I'm going to do a one year bulk from today. You want to look and go, you know, I'm checked every day of the year. Like I have a lot of my clients are serious by calendars, like physical calendars. And I say every day that you do everything on plan, the water, the sleep, the training, the food, everything, put a check on it. Every day you don't, if one thing is off, put an axonet. And then watch that calendar. And if the end of a month, if you see five axes, don't bitch that you're not better. Because I had none. Right. Yeah. I was on man, like put a best couple of years. I was like really focused on the in the off season and all the time. And then I was like, you know, why am I sacrificing so much? Maybe I should just relax a little, leave a life. But I don't like it. I'll play a lot of that. But if I continue to play two much freedom, it's my head. Right. But I'm thinking maybe if I, you know, I mean, I took a couple of months, like, not off. But like I'm doing less. I mean, I'm cruising with the stocks that are not on the right now. And I'm not really eating as soft and I'm a little bit more relaxed eating out. It's tough. But if I decide to prep again, I'm thinking about maybe I don't class it next year. I hope that giving a pretty pro cards to influencers. Yeah. What's funny though is if you, if you love it, I think that's the thing that get people confused is when I look now as a retired bodybuilder, I say, I wouldn't make the sacrifice because I want to go to dinner with my friends on Saturday. When I was bodybuilding, I would say I don't want to make the sacrifice from bodybuilding by going out with my friends. So it's not a sacrifice if you're doing what you want to do. Yeah. You've got to throw away the world's version of what you're supposed to do with your life. I look back at my years as a bodybuilder and I regret nothing. I don't regret a single mis-to-vente. I don't regret breaking up with the girl because she's a paining nothing. And now that I'm over it, it's the reverse, you know, multiple. You know, but now with life changed, now I can look and say, that was me then. This is me now. So while you're here, you would regret following the rules and relaxing now because you don't want to relax. I also really, you know, know that I'm, I'll be 50 this year. So my big thing for all the young people that ask me advice is I'm like, make your money. Right. And I think it's amazing, like, you know, 29, you said just 29? Yeah, 30, 30 this year. Yeah. So like, and you got a channel that's kicking ass and you're growing your business and everything. So you can still, you know, like, you know, back when we started the only people getting paid where the top 10 guys at the O and it's slowly morphed as dusty and I got to the end by the time we were done our 20 years of bodybuilding. There was money in it for amateurs at a certain level and then it morphed even more since we retired. And now no one even cares if you're pro. It's like there's all these business ways you can, like, you know, people trust you, the people that watch you love you, they, they, they agree with what you say. They want to hear what you have to say and being, you know, if you keep continuing for a few more or keep continuing competing for a few more years, I think it'll just, if you want to, it would just add to your credibility. And it would just enhance your bid and you can think of it as a business enhancement. Yeah, that's what I was thinking to and I'll tell you that if you don't stay plugged in and you're like, I'm not really into bodybuilding anymore. I can guarantee you that the channel won't be as fun either, you know what I mean? And if you don't have your heart or your life and bodybuilding anymore, then it's kind of like, yeah, I just phone in this thing in, you know, but you do this because you do the channel because you love bodybuilding. That's the, that's the ground of it all, you know? Yeah, and I feel like that's why my channel grew so much because people can, here the passion in my voice when I speak. Yep. And I was actually thinking the same way about this last show I did, William Bonneclassica was like, I'm going to try to win a pro card if I, if I become pro, I'll have more, more than the ability for the channel and for the coaching and even if I don't, I'm still, you know, I try to compete at an MBC, I play second. That's also kind of a success. But like, at that point, I was like, maybe that's as much as I can do. You know, maybe I should just now focus on the channel, but I don't like it. I think I'm going to compete with the new competing for it. It doesn't matter though. I'll tell you that like what you're doing. So in 2010, I had, it was like my breakout year on the national level in 2011, I did terribly. And I just kept putting the YouTube videos up like I, we filmed one the morning after pre-judging. I was doing cardio, getting ready for an extra. I knew I was off. We had like just an open conversation in the point of this is my following group more after my two worst placings than any other time. No kidding. Because people were like, then they identify you like, oh, you're real. Oh, yeah, just said you sucked and you did suck. And, and I, so I mean, I really wouldn't, you know, just look at everything you're doing as, as something you're doing as a passion, but it's all going to help you and like, Ron said, I mean, I didn't need to work. When I was bodybuilding my last five years as an amateur, I had a full time living from bodybuilding. I just did my business because I wanted to and I wanted more money. But like, it'll all pay you. And I think it also drives home the point because with your channel, you're very opinionated, but because you live the life and the things you've said and kind of backed it up, even if I disagree with your opinion, I still respect your opinion. You know what I mean? And that's something people can't buy. You've established that with time and you know, living it and obviously you've proven time and time again, you know what you're talking about, which is enormous. No. Makes sense. I feel like we're talking to all the audience right now, too, which is awesome. Like they're all like taking notes, like that's true. I could do this. Well, and I think you know what, you, you, you may be this can be a great learning experience for you, too, of just getting a better perspective on who you are and even if it, you know, isn't like the thing you wanted to hear, like, hey, maybe I'm not as great as I thought I could have been or whatever, that doesn't mean that you still can't be better. And coming to terms with that, you might have a better perspective on what you're going to do to get there. You know what I mean? Because I've seen so many times where it's like, I just need to use more of this or take more of that or all the guys at that level, they're all doing this. So I'm, you know, infusing like you needed to maybe take more do more and push your health further versus, you know, versus have a good perspective and be like, hey, I'm going to do the absolute best I can and try to stay healthy at this in the process. I think that would be the ultimate loss in all of this. That would be the lose would be like if you come out the other end of this, just try until like complete kill it, kill it every year and then you have a health issue in five years, you know? Yep. That's the next question. I actually had for you guys. I mean, that's one of the reasons why I consider it maybe stopping because I'm I mean, I wasn't doing anything crazy but still like it's not like I was natural. Right. Right. None of us were. You know, I mean, I was thinking about that as well. Like maybe like I don't know how much sense it makes to keep, you know, doing that stuff to myself. Maybe I can do it like with less I can try, you know? I always had the term, like I was had speed limits. Set up when it came to the gear and I always had things that I wasn't going to do and I'm really glad that I for the most part stuck to those sort of things I'd always told myself, I'm never going to do this. I'm never going to do that. I don't think it would have made a difference for me. I don't think, you know, I don't think I was so gifted that I was on that verge of no greatness or one more. I go down one more amp. No one would have made it. Yeah. I think that just some of you have a reasonable speed limit in your head. Like people just get carried away. They just, I mean, we've seen some of the numbers of some of the stuff we've seen people do. It's like we're even not thinking like we're just stop thinking about anything other than just the show. Well, plus you got to remember, you have the answers. Like I don't know how it is there, but I did blood work year round my whole career. And that was what allowed me to know. I was fine. You know, because it blows my mind how many competitors, they're like, well, I feel fine. I'm like, well, that doesn't mean shit. Yeah. You know, I mean, the few times that my love levels were off. And I mean, I would, I would message Dante having a heart attack and he's like, bro, are you serious? This is a non issue. It has like, they're always perfect. And he's like, they're not, they're not now. But he was like, the amount of people who just don't look because they don't want to know. And it's like, if you're watching that stuff, man, and only wrong. Obviously, being 300 pounds for a long time like Ron and I did was not healthy. But overall, we manage as best we could in a sound like, since you don't blood work, you're doing the same. And then, you know, when the blood work tells you that you need to do something or not do something, you listen, you know. But that's like Ron said, that's a huge thing too. As I had things I didn't want to do, I had things I said I would never do that I dabble to it. And then eventually I actually found my sweet spot with those and stuff ended up being lower than places I had went because I would increase the dose and then I wouldn't see much change. And I was like, well, then why did I increase the dose? You know what I mean? Because I was still under the mentality that everyone is, I was like, all right, I know I don't use much. But if I did, I bet you'd get crazy. And then I bumped up a little to see. And I was like, no, I didn't get crazy. I'm just wasting more money and definitely getting a little more risky with the health. And then back it back down. So, you know, I think you got the right mindset. But if you're watching the blood and anyone who's listening to this constant, you know, I love when clients they get down they're like, let's wait a couple months to do the blood work. I don't know. No, let's do it today. I want to know how bad it is at its worst place. So we can decide what we need to do. We're not going to partially clean it up and then take a peek. You know, weeks after the show or before the idea. Yep. I mean, I checked my body work all the time. It was never bad once even like during the worst parts with the prep. And you know, I checked my body like everything else, everything is so far so good. But I never was as big as you guys. Like I maybe I was to 70 max at six foot one. So like I never pushed that side. I guess I'll be okay. I mean, if I continue pushing what a few more years, but stealing or you're a baby. Yeah, hold on. What else do you do there? What what what he doing was bodybuilders do in Serbia for fun. Of course. Well, I was out loud. Did you say the quiet part dusty? Oh, wow. Yes. But you say that's your answer all the time. Yes. Well, I don't know. I mean, I have a couple of friends who are like serious competitors. I mean, like myself. And like I don't meet them that often. I mean, my circle here is nobody's a bodybuilder. So I don't really get to that's also one of the reasons why I started the channel because I didn't have who to talk to about bodybuilders. Right. Build some community for yourself. Yeah. Yeah. But now I have a couple of friends, but they're all far away. We meet maybe a couple of times a year. But we travel sometimes to these international competitions. And then we stay there, train a little bit, and stay in the hotel, eat clean food over there. And maybe sometimes we go to the bigger city, go train together. But not very often. My life is usually, I'm usually surrounded with people who are not into bodybuilding really. Right. And you're always working like everyone else. What's the coolest place you've traveled to for bodybuilding? Hmm. The coolest for bodybuilding. Well, me personally, I love Spain, Santa Susana. That's where near Barcelona. That's where the world championships and European championships is being held. Because there is usually like, I don't know, 1500 competitors when the shows are happening. And a whole bunch of people from Serbia are like, the whole community basically goes over there. At least half of us. So it's always like, you know, we stay there for a week and it's usually really awesome. How far is that away? Like, flight? Yeah. How far flight? Two hours maybe. Oh, okay. It's easy. It's easy. You're just so crazy. How tight everything is in Europe. I also love though because in the States, like, because we're so spoiled with bodybuilding and stuff, like you can barely get someone to drive across town for a show. Yeah. Let alone like the whole community is like, we're going to Spain. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I mean, it's, I love the world. I love that part because that's what that's how when Ron and I came up and Scott, like, there was, when there wasn't Instagram and Facebook and all that, if I heard that a pro I wanted to see was speaking in San Francisco and I was in Scottsdale. I was like, I'm going. Yeah, crazy times. Take a flight just to go spend an hour, listen to a seminar and then hang out for a few days and train and fly home and now people are like, oh, it's on the west side. That's like 45 minutes away. Yeah. And I'll wrap it. You know, you know, like I used to catch flights through the, I drove eight hours to meet Dorian, I drove five hours to meet Mike Madarazo. You guys have seen it though up at the booth at the Arnold because that's a, that's a three four hour drive from Detroit. And how many Detroit people did you guys meet there? Will I make that drive down? Like just going around, walk around, meet everybody and stuff. So it's, I mean, I know it's not, it's not huge, but you know, those Detroiters, they're all making that four hour drives to the Arnold brings out the hardcore Scott. Yeah. Yeah. And the amount of people that like fly and I'm like, oh, where are you from? And they're like Germany and I'm like, oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I caught the accident. I didn't want to assume. Okay. No, it's cool. Have you had anyone, have you done any interviews on your show on your, your podcast? Haven't had anyone on yet? Who would you like to have on your show? Have you thought about like, do you have a list of like, people I'd love to have on? No, I don't. He on. He on. Listen, by them right now. Yeah. Let's all talk. Well, the person that I like to listen to most and probably watch the most podcast, with his story on Yates. Okay. But I don't know what, what would I ask him because I already heard everything has to say. Yeah. I'm not going to be a part of the. No, basically. Jack, well, yo, yeah. Yeah. Nice. Nice, nice. Maybe you're about that. You just had a hip replacement. I haven't done anything to his, I don't know. I wasn't thinking about that. But like, maybe now when I started, you know, with a camera and everything, maybe stuck by stuff. Yeah. Maybe. I think you'd be on the screen now. Yeah. I think you'd be good at it. Yeah. Just pick a video that you were nice about. Yeah. Like, and then send that to the person and go see. It's a friendly show. Nice to you. Nice to you. Yeah. Don't look at any other ones. Sometimes they're not nice to you. No. When I started, man, I was, I was younger. Of course, I was like 23, 24. And I was terrible. Like, I was not honest. I was an asshole, basically. And you know, I started to talk to you. So you got the views. Yeah. Yeah. That's how he got the views in the beginning. But then then I started working with a new sponsor, old school labs. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And one of their guys basically was like, you need to be more, but was the word, marketable. Like, you can be good enough without the crazy takes, without being too, I don't know. I don't know what was the word of business. Honest not ruthless. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then I come down a little bit. But like, there are some videos. All videos maybe I should remove them. I said, I don't know. I think it's the most. I love it. What's the plan for the show coming into the Olympia? Do you have any breakdown stuff planned? You kind of want to ramp the show into the Olympia? And you do that sort of stuff with it? Well, I'll just do the way I always did it. Basically, just follow what people are posting and, you know, update everybody on that and, you know, day at the time. Who do you think is, oh, sorry. Go ahead, it's guy. Oh, I was just going to say that he's got to spend so much time, like, following everything. Yeah, everything. Because when I want to know what's going on, that's why I follow even is because like, I don't necessarily have to go and look at Instagram and scroll down myself. I'll get all the highlights just by tuning into his channel every day. He's like sports center for bodybuilders. Yeah. Who literally? Yeah. Who puts up? Who puts up the most accurate progress photos of all the top guys? Oh, there's a good one. Yeah. You know, because everyone now got that one house in the room in their house or whatever, where the light one mirror. But who do you think is like the Ferris with their photos? Well, I would say it unique, but actually he looks much better on stage than he doesn't. He's progress photos. Huh. So it's okay. He's talking stuff that he looks better. So maybe that's part of the game. Yeah. That's part of Nick's. Yeah. Yeah. Put it. Put the 85% lighting on. Yeah. Yeah. Posts a 85%. He turns the grain down. Yeah. Yeah. He puts the porn filter on. He's down a bit. Yeah. Then that softening filter that you could do on your Instagram. Test your out of all the skin. Yeah. Oh, you can't hide his freak. What about what about? Who's who's? Who do you think doctors there picks up the most? Who's Jimmy and up their photos? That's Chris with cyber answer. I'm not sure as far as like the competitor. Everyone. I know who he's going to say as a coach though. Who's the coach that does the most? Maybe it shouldn't say it. I'll do it. Patrick. I'll do it. Patrick. See, that's how I've seen people put that in the comments. Like I saw some guy roll like this. Oh, this picture. This picks a Patrick special. Yeah. But I don't know how one fair that is. Like, you know, Patrick seems like a great guy. So I don't know how. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He has great stuff. And I'm like, thanks a bit. They don't need to be an artist. I always feel like that's the worst thing. Like if my coach did that to me, I'd be like, Great bro. Now when I walk out on stage with a phenomenal condition, they'll go, ah, he's not as good as I was expecting. You don't want to give your week out photos like the full will Whitman. Yeah. You know, Yeah. So you walk out of stage, everyone's like, oh. Yeah. That's why Nick goes down with them and then shock some little walks out. You know, like surprise Nick Walker. Yes. Who do you think is the best at their Instagram, just generally like who's Instagram do you think is, I don't know. The best. Whatever that means. Whatever that means. Well, like for hardcore body building, even like multiple influencers, again, my answer has to be Nick. There you go. Okay. All right. Because you're the one you probably sifted through these guys, profiles, what, 100 times one we have. Yeah. I think basically Nick made me like 25% of all the money I made on YouTube because there's so much content. Like, this is always an update from Nick. Right. Okay. How long have you been seriously following bodybuilding? I'm going to have a follow up question. Well, I think since 2000 and maybe seriously, I don't know since Louis Marco era, maybe 15 years ago, something like that. Okay. So with that, what are your two most memorable competition moments, as far as like guys that came out and blew people's minds or whatever? I would have to think about this. You have 30 seconds. You have 30 seconds. Man, you got me there. Like, were you stunned by like, I mean, for example, like, you know, we all have the memories, of course, Ronnie walking out in 98, you know, Ronnie walking out in 03, J&O1, where when you were there, you're brain exploded. Yeah. You know, I remember actually the moment when Sean Rodin won the Mr. Olympia. I was thinking that one as an option. Yeah. Man. Yeah, I remember something else. Yeah. I was going to have before him. I don't know. Like, Phil was raining for a long time. Like, seven times. And Sean won and his physique was phenomenal. I, I, I, I follow his whole prep. You know, he was training with Chris cycle always and standing up. And I don't know. He kind of nobody would expect to him to win. And then he showed up looking for kind of amazing. And yeah, he won. That was that one. I'll play the one. One of them. Oh, yeah. The energy in that room, too. Even those two as well. Same. Man. Yeah. I think that's something else. That was to me. That'd be one of mine as far as like shows. I've actually been at to like I won't forget everybody standing up at once. Yeah. I, I would say. Um, I was at that one, too. And I was also, I mean, I could see it. But a friend of mine got a video of it that was awesome. And it was, uh, the video was road and winning. And then he turned his camera to where a cito was sitting. And you saw Jay get out of his chair and walk down four or five rows. And then walk in to find Chris to grab him and shake his hand. And, uh, I thought that was awesome. Because, you know, rodents on stage is confetti in the air. Yeah. They're playing AC DC shook me all night long. I remember exactly what song they played. And Jay goes to find Chris and shakes his hand in the crowd. And I just thought that was like, I thought that was a cool moment for, you know, Chris and Sean and Jay, like, it was just kind of a neat thing that happened. I remember that being like, one of my highlight sort of a limp of final, you know, winner announcement moments. Yep. So that was a cool time. Yeah. Who's your favorite bodybuilder of all time? Go to the news. I knew it. I was given. Yeah. Not just him, but the physique and everything, the whole, the whole thing. Well, the physique as well. I mean, yeah, the whole thing for sure, the personality and all that. But the physique as well. I mean, it's not the most complete physique and it's not the best. I would say Ronnie would beat him of course. Probably a couple of other guys to in a history. But I just love his physique. It was unique, you know, that man that is the same big cows and like crazy lads, crazy to the front lads spread that front lads spread like the best physique. Like if you talk about the one post front lads spread from Dory and in the same. Yep. There's something about and I know it sounds weird and to the average person looking at all of the bodybuilders. It probably think they all look the same, right? But there was something about Dory and because I saw him in person in 93. And there was something about him that looked so powerful. And I think it was partially obviously there's all that muscle. But he also had crazy forearms, which always I noticed forearms. I don't know if it's because I'm grip on a farm. So my dad always taught me like you can tell what kind of job a guy has. You know, like whole thing. And when I noticed it, do that big forearms. I'm like, okay, okay, what's going on here? This guy's like gripping and ripping big weights. Right? And then also the traps from the front and the floor. Yeah. Because they all bodybuilders at that level have big traps or whatever. But the next level sort of like power how something really crazy is going on with this guy. That was Dory and traps. I remember when I met him. I just was thinking like, oh, there. Because you know, up on the stage, they kind of look, everyone's at the same, but not in person. They don't like the same in person. They just looks like this guy could like just getting to move my house. Yeah. What was the year? Ron, what was the year that they filmed the Olympia, the Dory, and when they came up from the back, like, filmed and walked out. Yeah. And there's the 93 footage of him going up stage. Yeah. And which is very famous. That's when I just remember thinking like, yeah, like that was the first time in real life, I realized that your traps sit on you piggyback. Mm-hmm. Because his or dense all the way down to his erectors. Yeah. And then I like behind him a foot, you know. Yeah. Yeah. Just insane. You know. Yeah. We just seemed like a guy in person. I can't even imagine what it was like in person. I'm just talking about the other videos and photos. It must be insane. I don't know. I'll tell you this. I trained, I trained with him. After he was retired. And I tell him he was all the time, but the short version of story is this. He's retired for years at this point. And he's still the most intense person I've ever been around. Still pacing. I mean, like, when he told me I had another rep, it was an optional. I didn't think about it. If he would've told me I had a hundred more reps, I would've went for him. Because I was like, I'm not fucking telling this guy. I know he'll kill me. Like he, like, you could feel intensity coming off him. And all I thought of when I laughed was, this is him retired. Like what was it like when he was in it? Because I'm sure he's like, oh, I'm so relaxed now. I'm like, you're not. He's the effect of his voice yelling at you after all those years of watching Blood and Gods would've worked. True. Yeah. Yeah. I've got a really important question even. If you were, say, sitting at a restaurant in Dory and Yates happened to be there. And let's say Dory and ordered some salmon and he didn't want to eat it. Would you feel obligated if he was like, hey, even, do you want to eat this salmon? And he touched it. Yeah, untouched. I'm touched. Like he ordered it. Decided he didn't want it. You would probably eat the salmon in my right? Because I was. I would eat the salmon. Yeah, I think he said. So, so three of the four of us would eat the salmon. The one guy who this actually happened to didn't eat the salmon. He's like, they're not next. Fuck you. Thanks. That's how right I ate. He told Dory and Yates to go fuck himself. I just said that. Thanks. Then afterwards I was like, should he eat that? He just, how would it been a little, would it been a little bond between Dory and And I for the rest of our lives? Even if he had power through it. You know what I mean? Just, yeah. Even if he did feel allergic. You have a just eat the salmon. I mean, I'll tell you this much true story. Every time I see Dory and I'm with Ron, he says high dusty and then walks away. Yeah. Okay, not really a true story, but still. No, basically. Yeah, and it should be the truth. Yeah. Well, we're, we're hoping that a lot of your viewers who have no idea who we are. Cross over and check us out and watch, you know, our chat with you, having you on the show and, and, and, you know, maybe some of our viewers will check your channel out too. Ivan bodybuilding. If that's what contest coverage. Yeah. Yes. You go into us. Go to him. And it's, it's our out. That's our out from now on. We have a guy. We have a guy. Yeah, we'll send you to, to even, you know, and it's a Stainable podcast and great jokes as well. You guys are super funny as well. Oh, well, got to be good at something. We'll tell the writers. We'll let the writers know. But even bodybuilding on YouTube, correct? Yes. And even bodybuilding on Instagram too, is it? There's no underscores or anything. It's just easy. Even bodybuilding coaching, actually. Coach bodybuilding coaching. Okay. Okay. Yeah. No man. Thanks for coming on. We really appreciate it. And, uh, yeah, you know, like I said, we, we often joke how, how bad and incomplete all of our Contest coverage is. And we really don't mean to be terrible at it. We just keep sidetracked. Yeah. This is sidetracked. We'll do fourth, third, second, next division. And, uh, he's like, I've seen it. Yeah. But you, you give like really good, Thurl breakdowns and updating people on the progress Pictures and make it creates like, it's helpful because it creates some excitement and bodybuilding needs. There's no going to do it for us. And we need people like, like you that are actually brewing up some, you know, So even if these guys, even if these guys don't like exactly what you have to say about their latest picks, I think it's a benefit to everyone because people are going to their profiles and checking them out and following them on the follow and. You know, this all is like synergistic isn't that the words got. It's the word. Yeah. Try to try to be synergistic with with each other. And so thanks for coming on the show even. And like when Scott told me you watched all the episodes, I was like, There's no way he could watch watch on the top. But I actually believe you. So that's amazing. So thank you. Thank you for inviting me and also, like, thank you for making your content because if I prep again, I'll rewatch all the episodes again probably. Yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. And if you, and if you prep again, just. Make sure you, you know, show everything on your channel. Yes. And just like milk the most out of it and take your viewers for the ride of going on a prep with you. And I think that people love that shit. And I wish I was better at opening up my. My life more to my social because I feel like I've still got a lot of barriers. I don't want to show that. I want to show. And uh, uh, young guy like you with more of a new school attitude. Just do your thing, man. No, I'm going to change that. Yeah. How is I seeing you're already years ahead? You're years ahead. 29th of the killer channel. So yeah, it's exciting times. So we hope to see you at the Olympia one of these days. Yes. That'd be cool. That'd be great to get you over there. Maybe we. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, the Arnold, maybe the Olympia get you over there. You should be over there covering this shit. It'd be great to see you. And uh, yeah. And you find a words to people want to check out your channel and all that. Just just type people and body feeling. If you're, you know, if you're into body feeling and you want to, body building use. That's it. And once again, thank you guys so much. And I hope I didn't bore you to that. It was awesome. You can't. I desperately wanted someone to talk to you. I enjoyed it for sure. Awesome. Okay. And show to Blackstone or the, uh, their sponsor in your channel now. Yeah. Shout out to Blackstone and my sponsor. Awesome. Awesome. Good for them. I'm glad somebody's saying carry. Yeah. Okay. Even even body building. Thanks for coming on the show. Remember to like, share, subscribe, comment and ring the bell. That's right. And remember, I am mutant.com, dusty or big run. Save money. Don't leave her house. Don't see people. No people. Just haven't dropped on your step. Very fast delivery. Get your ISO search. Get your all in and everyone should get on the gear. Okay. Thanks everybody and remember it's just body building.