What's up guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweat and Gear with Coach's Skip Hill in Andrew Barry. I'm Scott McNally. All of our programming is brought to you by you, the wonderful people at Patreon for real. Thank you guys very much for all your support. We're also brought to you by Strong Sports Nutrition in the UK, Trunutrition in the US user code. Thank you. And we are brought to you by SupplementSource.ca. We've got a topic for you today. We're going to knock out some listener questions. Skip, I'm leaving this to you. I mean, really weird. We're thinking about like, what can we call it? And we're thinking about like training volume too much or not enough. I don't know exactly how we can package that up into a little YouTube title. Let's just close this. We've gotten so far. But the reality is what? That not all body parts need to be trained the same amount all the time. Is that what we're getting at here? Yeah, I think there's this this anacquated understanding. And I think sometimes we even fall into this ourselves with our own training that as an example you hit, you know, using arbitrary numbers, 12 sets of back. So, you know, chest has to be slightly less than that at 8 to 10 or 10 to 12. And then shoulders have to be a little bit less than that. And that there is some kind of unwritten rules, as far as how many sets we have to do. And I know I have been guilty of it myself, but I do a couple of questions from clients over the last couple of weeks. I found myself explaining, giving the same explanation, trying to get them away from that and equated our cake way of looking at things and trained those body parts based on how they, how those body parts recover and what they respond to. As an example, I could take quads and probably destroy them in six sets. That doesn't fit the kind of the set progression or the outline that you would think because legs, you know, a lot of times, guys would hit the majority of their sets on legs. And then maybe as many as back, because it's a bigger muscle group. And I think we tend to think, well, it's a bigger muscle group. We need more sets. Yeah. And I think it depends on there's so many variables. There's the movement. There's the type of training that you're doing, the frequency, of course, things like that. So I just thought it would be a good topic because I figured if I have, you know, any time, you guys know, this, anytime you have a client come to you with something or you have a few clients, you think it's like that little, that dim little light bulb above my head goes on like, oh, that might make for a really good topic on the show. Well, I got questions for you. I got questions for you. Okay. So six sets on legs, for instance, you said, on quads. Now has it always been that way or does it have to do with your current ability to train? Like have you learned to train harder over time? And before you answer that, let me ask you this, how long does that work out take? You know, because for, say, a newbie, because I could see, I'll tell you what, man, I could see that say 12 sets for everything. Sounds great to me for somebody who's never trained before. They're getting in the gym and they need a, they need a foundation, right? So if we start out with say 12 sets, maybe it evolves from there, but somebody who's never been in the gym before, I don't think they're going to get everything they need a six sets, you know what I mean? Sure, absolutely. And for the record, I do more than six sets of quads, just because even though I might only need six, you know, I go sometimes the more is better and you're going to couple more. Yeah. But you know, you bring up a good point too, because it can sometimes change even if you have the same training style. There are just times where I guess what I'm getting at is you, to be able to read that workout while you're doing it versus going in with this predetermined idea of what you have to get done. And I think that's probably the biggest point, but there are tons of variables. I mean, age is a huge one. It's not even age from a chronological standpoint. It's how long have you been training because the longer you train, you tend to have that basically a better ability to generate intensity. Yeah. As an example, what say DC training is a good example where it's very, very low volume, but the intensity is very high. So think about it. If your sets are incredibly intense in their high rep, how many Widowmakers can you do? Can you take six, that will quad to failure at 20 reps? Tell me you're going to need more than six sets. I mean, the three of us alone would probably be throwing up going to failure when 26 sets of, and you ask him how long it takes. And I don't need to do about maybe nine working sets. Okay. It'll take me an hour because again, different variables for me. I'm older. I got, I think I've spent 20 minutes warming up for quads before I feel like in my brain, my knees are ready to go. And I don't have to go into those working sets with this idea of, uh, can I, can I really go out of 100%. I have to program and get my brain ready to go because once you're in your working set, you know, it's just basically your brain, you have to flip that switch. Your brain has to be basically in that mode of, I got to just, I got to just, I got to get every single thing I can that I can get out of this set. Yeah. And you can't do that if psychologically you're not there. And I think it's difficult to go into the gym and go, oh, I did two or three warmups, I'm going to go. I've been training for almost 40 years. I can't flip that switch that quickly. I have to build into it and almost build a confidence in my brain that, okay, now I'm ready to go. But I asked you guys, have you ever been in a set before and it's your first working set? And you're in four or five reps and you just rack it and get out and go. Sure. I'm not going anywhere with it. Need to go back in and not there. I need to flip that switch and I haven't flipped it yet. Sure. Absolutely. Sometimes you do it because either you miscalculated the weight, like either the weight's too light and you're like, oh, no, this isn't going to be an empty the tank set. Like I can go up another 20, 30 pounds or whatever it is. And then other times you're like, oh, shoot, like I over estimated where I'm at or what I can do today. I don't have this in the tank to get the rep ranges that I'm expecting to get. I need to drop it down a little bit. So I think it goes both ways there. Or I'm just not queued up enough. I think that there's two things I'm warming up. I'm warming up obviously like the physical, the muscle, the joint, the connective tissue. And then I'm also kind of warming up my central nervous system. It's like, you ever lift a particular, you know, work set and you struggle for 10. And then you go in for your second set with the same weight and then you just rip it up off the floor. And it's like, oh, now the second set. It's like, you know what? I wasn't queued up enough in that first set. And I think that the longer we train, the more intensity we harness, the more we can get out of the last, the least or last, I'm sorry. And I mean, I know that for myself at like my ultimate best as of a couple of years ago, you know, my working sets for a chest press might be four for an entire workout. But still took me an hour plus to do that workout because I had to warm up and then do feeder sets to get into it, you know? Well, these are the explanations that one. Right. Just because I don't think we clarified yet like, you know, working sets. For example, because, you know, I think early on someone writes you a program, you're one year into training and it says four sets of eight to twelve. And then next exercise, you know, four sets of 10 to 12 or whatever, it might be, right? Yeah. And I think what I'm getting at is here, like, what are we counting as working sets? Because I did like today and I probably did a total of seven, but I would consider seven working sets, right? And whereas someone else might say, okay, well, you did three sets of eight before you did your working set on that hacksquad. Yeah. Whereas like I'm not interpreting that as a set. For me, those are just acclimation. Those are like all the stuff we're talking about, making sure my joints are working right, making sure my nervous system is getting fired up at each level as we increase the weight. So I think like, and this comes with experience and it comes with time. Right? Like, you don't know this the first year you go to the gym. Very few people do. And I didn't, I obviously didn't know it. So I think it comes down to like, we need a really established, like, what is a working set, right? And mine might be a little different than somebody else. This is an example. My working sets are different from, I've deferred, excuse me, from John's. John had this, I'm, I'm wrong, Andrew, but John had the thing where if it's more, it's getting up into the area of 70 to 80% and he's going to count the working set. I am way too black and white for that. And I train in a way that I don't count working sets unless they're everything I can get. So if I open on sex, especially now, because I have this in my brain that my knee is 100% even though it is, I will do six or eight sets of hacks before I'm ready to go. I have a pump where people would be taken off long before I do, but when two plates is feeling heavy until I get warm and then I go to three, then I go to three and a half and I go to four, then I'm ready to go. And again, you touched on this guy. So now just warming up the physical component. It's the CNS. It's the warming up of your brain. It's getting your brain programmed as well. So where do you count those? And everybody will be different. But here's the important part. You can have different approaches to what the working sets are. As long as it's consistent from work out to work out in week to week, because you have to have the same way to measure the volume that you're using. So figure out before you figure out at some point, set the parameters as far as what your working sets are and then you know how to count them versus well, that was kind of a warm up, that was not a warm up, this one's warm, that one's not. Yeah. So like, okay, I can't agree more. So this comes down then. So we're looking at how many working sets do you need? How do we figure that out, skip? I mean, I'm all four starting with 12, you know, or 10, or 9, or whatever. And I think anywhere in that range is a good place to say, okay, have at it, see how you do. But then what does see how you do? What does that mean? How do we figure out, like, did I need more? Did I need less? Right. Married of variables, because then we can get into things like soreness and, you know, his soness engaged as far as, is it an accurate gauge as far as, you know, the stimulus to produce growth for progression and things like that. And we know that it's not yet at the same time, we all want to be sore to some degree after we're done training muscle group because that's some indication. I've always said that I think crippling sorness is very, very counter productive. It is going to take a lot longer to recover. You should have a little bit of sorness. It should be there roughly at that 20 hour, 24 hour mark, everybody's going to be a little different. And then it should peak at some point after that 30 hour and then it should start to dissipate relatively quickly. The longer it hangs on, if you hear someone say, or if you're listening and you're thinking, well, my legs will be sore for three days. If a client tells me that, I'm like, right there, your volume and or intensity is just too high. So it's a good idea to start with the parameters. Don't get me wrong. But what what I don't think is a good idea. And this was trying to explain to my clients that you can't stay locked into those parameters. This is an example. If you have destroyed a muscle group and you still are saying, well, but I still have two exercises to go or I have one exercise to go. No, you don't because then it becomes just wasted work and wasted work, Zack shoe and basically deoptimizes for lack of a better word, your recovery ability, you're tapping into your recovery ability at that point because you're doing work that isn't necessary. So there's a lot of very, absolutely. And I was thinking the same thing, I just hate to say that word. But I like that you did when we understand. I like that you didn't because you was playing, but we all know what it means. Yeah. Hey, what's up, guys? I want to do a quick and prompt to add for true nutrition. So as I've mentioned before, I've used true nutrition products long before they advertise with their programming and listen, these are still the products I used today. These are things, all these things here, these are things that I've bought with my own money and there's more down here. So you know, flat out, if I'm going to buy a supplement, I buy these things from true nutrition. I buy them with my own money. So for what it's worth, it's not just something that we're like taking money for in the past and these are all products that we believe in. The story about this, when she uses the P protein, I sell it. I prefer the teams get blend, but all this stuff. Hydro-ized beef collagen, I use this stuff every freaking day. So if you want to support our programming and get some great supplements, use our code thank, at true nutrition. Yeah. So I don't know what it's like. I guess it's a question that is for somebody. But I guess the question is, because I know we've all been there where, let's say we had a plan or a head, we were going to do four exercises for chest, right? Maybe two or three working sets per exercise. And we get to our third exercise. We do one set and we're like, I think my chest is good. I think I accomplished everything I really wanted to accomplish today. But then how do you override that? But I was going to do four exercises. I'm doing less than I should be doing. How do we, I guess how do we program that in and how do we, I guess, coach clients with that? That's good question. Right? I think that contract out force is a huge one. A lot of people gauge their workouts and whether they're productive, whether they can do more work or do an extra exercise based on pump. And I don't think that's a very good idea because there are plenty of people. I'm one of those that I can do more work. And I can get a better pump because I'll get it in a different area of the muscle. I can destroy my legs. But if I haven't done something that's rectus, she may say dominant, then I can go and I can get a better pump from doing Sissy squats. And I don't need to do that. There's been enough, you're looking for a stimulus and then you're looking to get your ass out of there. The stimulus for growth and then get out. Here's even a better way to put it. There's the amount of work that is the stimulus that you need to provide for the adaptation to grow. And then there's the amount of work you can actually do. And the amount of work you can actually do is what we tend to focus on in the gym when that isn't where I can do more. I don't know how many times have you heard clients say, but I just I left. I felt like I could do more. It's not about what you feel like you can do. That's what gets us in a trouble. That's what starts to tap our recovery resources because being able to do the work, again, it turns into or has the potential to be, again, jump volume for lack of a better label. And it is a good label because we all know what that means. So if you come away from a workout and you're ridiculously sore, they're actually can even go the other way. Let me stop because this is what I do. I end up sending or I cut myself off. But if you're ridiculously sore, that's an indication right there that your volume is too high. So you can cut it back from there in the next session and see. There's also the component of if you're not sore at all. And you there's no there's no. And then you have to weigh that out with the progression. Did you come back the next time you go in and train the muscle group and there was progression? If you're not sore and you come back in and you're able to progress. Yeah. I mean, looks, increasing strength within bodybuilding rep ranges is progression. It's a micro gauge or a tool to be able to tell in the very, very short term whether you're growing. There's no one out there who's going to get stronger within bodybuilding rep ranges and not be producing hypertrophy. You can get stronger in power lifting bodybuilding rep ranges and arguably not produce hypertrophy. But it's not going to happen in bodybuilding rep ranges. To answer Andrew's question, one of my thoughts would be how do you know to stop early would be it's easy for me if I'm doing progressive overload. Because I may do a top set, back offset. I know what's really popular now. I really like that. But let's say I do that and let's say I get everything I can. I can ask myself, can I go back in and do what I just did again? Am I going to be able to achieve that again? And if I'm not, then I know that okay, then I'm going to hit a back offset. I'm going to call it good. And that back offset is probably going to be like reduce 10% when Jordan was rating our plans for a while for like at six months or so. That's what he had suggested was drop 10% if you can't get that again and get as many reps as you can. And I like that. I like that back offset because now there's just a little bit less weight so you can control it even more. You know what I mean? You can really feel like I am going to own this and then you get to rep for and you're like, oh my god. You know what I mean? Because you're using even more control in before. And I know by the time I'm done with that set, okay, I'm going to move on from here. I always prefer the back offset versus the top set because I feel like you've heightened your level of neurological awareness to what your mind and muscle have completely like talked and they've completely, I guess, amplified to the top level. Now you're bringing it back down a little bit and just like you said Scott, you can exercise slightly better control. And then you can just really feel the sets with more, yeah, feel the set with all the more repetitions. I always enjoy the back offset better than the top sets. Top sets you're kind of like, I go. You know, it's because oftentimes with the top set, you're using a little bit more weight than you ever had before. So there's a little bit of fear in your head of like, okay, don't hurt me thing, don't tear anything, don't, you know what I mean? Stress, yeah. A little bit more stress mentally. Yeah. Okay, you know you've already hit that top set. So now we're back and after just a little bit. And now we can just kind of go along for the ride and really feel it. And the dumbbells might only be five pounds lighter, you know, but you're 10 pounds lighter. But you do, you mentally, you're like, okay, I got this and no problem, you know. And you get too much of the other way. I mean, I'm trying it much harder. I don't like back offset. When not. That's great. I'm, apparently I'm very proud of myself that I am the odd man out this time. Okay. I'll tell you why. Because my training is a little bit different because it's not to imply that you guys aren't, you know, worried about injury and things too. I'm just probably a little bit more worried about it. So my first set, my working set, and I do this right now. I do two working sets, practice size is typically what I do. If I get in and it's just, I mean, what I call the green room, that's a surfer reference of riding a perfect wave and everything, you know, nothing could be better with the set than I'm out in one, but it doesn't happen very often. But my reps on my first working set, I almost always am shooting for 15. There's not matter what it is. So that allows me to increase the way. Sometimes I'll stay. It just depends on the feel for that day. Sometimes I'll stay at the weight, but if I allow myself the room to increase from there and if my reps happen to drop, I'm not as prone to having an injury or a tweak because I'm pretty damn warm and I've already hit that same movement intensely pretty much to failure. When I say pretty much to failure, I go until I'm not going to get another, I know full while I'm not going to get another rep with the form that I expect. What out there may think, well, you don't know until you try. And my argument with one hand, I would say, okay, on the other hand, I would say I've been training for a long time. I'm pretty damn sure that I know that I'm not going to get another rep. When the last rep will be insurance, I can stick complete. You're ensuring that you're going to be able to lift another day though, too, with that mentality. Absolutely. Sure. By doing something that maybe we would have done when we were younger, that we would probably consider not so smart today. You're ensuring that you're going to be able to continue bodybuilding longer term. And I think we got to take that into the equation, especially when you're north of 30, 35. Yeah. Let me ask you guys, if you know you're getting your last rep, I try to explain this to clients sometimes. And if they're new, relatively new people to bodybuilding and to working out, they, I don't think they really grasp this, but people who have trained for a long time, they get this. I know it's my last rep. I'm pacing it and I'm slowing it down. I will take it. So I'll be halfway. I'll be like, oh, yeah. And I'll take that. Just slow as I can take it. Finish it. I'll have half absolutely. The last half for the last two thirds of the rep. And I said that, assuming that you, you guys did the same thing. Yeah, you'll see somebody who does that last rep at, say, dumbbell press in the negative. They just drop them. I wouldn't be mad. Okay, that negative and get as much out of it as you can. Sure. You know? Oh, yeah. Would you say it might even be considered your best rep, if someone was observing you? It would certainly be slower. Because that is a, that's something that if someone were to watch a set of my, the form, the first rep will always look like the last rep. That I've always said other than speed and tempo. Yeah. That doesn't mean that I'm whipping them out to begin with, but they do they get slower as I go than the last one or two. Might be a breath in there and they're moving slower. Anybody who would see me in a set would think, I didn't think he was going to get that last rep. I don't think anybody would say, I think you had another one in it. And that's the reason in slowing it down. And there's one more thing I want to add that I think is important because I cut myself off earlier when I was talking about the pump. A lot of people gauge the pump when what you want to gauge is the muscular contraction. If you're starting to lose the ability for that muscle to contract, you're just on borrowed time, you're, you're, you're just wasting it. So then the question becomes, well, what does that mean? Contract that muscle if it's your chest, crunch your chest. If it's not contracting, like you're just trying to contract it and it just feels even notes pumped, it feels soft and there's not a strong contraction. You don't have much left. There's just not going to be much left in there. Another indicator that is very black in the way is if you're benching and you're seven or eight reps and you feel like I can get three or four more and you literally all the sudden can barely get one. There's your side. Yeah. Yeah. That's huge. And if you're not able to flex and contract anymore, that's the sign too. Your set's about over, right? Like at that point, you know, if you, because there comes a point, like then I also get asked this, I get asked to like, well, how do I know what failure really is? And I feel like failure is when I can't use the target muscle to move the weight anymore. And you might want to let it slip that last couple reps. You know, like, okay, I feel I'm getting more, you know, triceps out of this. Or what, you know, I feel I'm getting more shoulders out of this. You might be able to get a little bit more of that, but I'm really going to try to keep it in that target muscle as much as I can for at least like, we'll say eight out of ten reps. You know? Oh, yeah. But let me add in another layer to this, you know, because we're talking about like, you know, a basic, I think we threw out 12 repetitions per body part. Sorry, 12 sets per body part, right? Yeah. As like a blanket, maybe first time kind of think, how do we program, say, we're more advanced, or something that's more advanced? Let's say they've got a crazy back. And, but they're shoulders are really weak, or they've got a really good chest and their shoulders are really weak. How do we taper the volume? Let's say if they're doing a push day to use a chest and shoulders as an example, how would we taper volume? Would like, if their chest is superior, and we're talking like it's like a great day, like Arnold Schwarzenegger type chest, but their deltoids, especially their front deltoids, are just kind of lacking. How would we maybe, what would we try to optimize and maybe change volume and even frequency of training during the week, you know, to address that body part? I got something. But go for it. I was just going to say, because I, in the last few years, I've really gotten more interested in frequency. Let's take a guy who is, say he has exceptional legs. You know that guy. He's got crazy legs and then up top, like lower body looks like he's a really good light heavyweight, maybe even a heavyweight, and upper body looks like a middleweight. That guy, and he's probably like really nasty in the gym on his leg day too. He's doing everything. You know, like his leg day, he lives for. I might, if we're, say, doing like, we might only train lower body once a week then, but maybe like a push pull legs, push pull repeat type program for instance, you know, just giving you an example of how we might do less volume for legs, because we, you know, like skip brought up the, you know, the idea of we only have so much recovery, you know, if we're giving a lot of recovery ability to lower body when we don't need to, we could potentially be taking away from being able to train upper body, like Andrea Watson for instance, you know, she was in power lifting before she got into body building, then she competed in figure. Her back was a really good body part, then she moved to bikini and she really didn't need to train back so much anymore. In fact, like from most of your back poses are just looking at your glutes, like your hair is little literally, which kind of irritates me. And you, I feel like they should push their hair out of the way and show the, the back. But I guess that's a different podcast. I'd like to see the back muscle. But that said, we shifted away from back training because she really needed to grow glutes. She really needed to grow lower body. So it's like, why put a bunch of effort into back training and in her case, we literally had her doing like a couple back exercises per week in order to give more recovery to the lower body. That point. I've got to get a raise. Well, I was going to say just kind of echo that I've got a guy who up in Alaska, his quads are wacky. I mean, they're wild, right? Turns around from the back, the hamstrings are kind of lacking. So we literally do not have any quad-focused work in his program. We pulled it out about, I want to say eight or ten months ago and his quads have not come down at all. Are they? We do like workout. Yeah. So you're still doing compound movements, but with hamstrings. Everything is always. Everything is biased towards hamstrings. So you know, like pressed. Yeah. You know that his quads are still getting activated. I guess I just wanted to throw that in there. You know they are. But I don't know. And we have in terms of, in terms of exercise selection, everything is made. The decision is made for exercise selection based off his hamstrings. Yeah. And he's absolutely still getting a little bit of quad. But there is, he hasn't done a leg extension. Yeah. Probably two years. He hasn't done a close stance on anything. Ten years. Probably two or three. Oh, I'm telling you, man. Like his quads are like wacky. Like he's got like almost pro level quads. And I think if he was training them right now, they, it would be, it would be one of those like, um, trying to think of an example. It almost looked like, when you see some of those guys that really juice their arms up with, um, like, like, all stuff. Yeah. But they got like, they don't train their chests. They don't train like anything else. So they just got these huge arms or, or they juice up their chest and they don't train anything else. It's almost like that. And it's pretty wild. But yeah, just, I just wanted to echo your point, um, which is kind of funny because he loves training legs too. Right? Because yeah. Obviously it's a good body party wants to see him fall a blood. But if I feel it's good too, like, you know what? You get that awesome connection. There's a reason that muscle is big. You know what I mean? He's getting on an awesome connection to him. So yeah. Or he picked his parents really well. I mean, I'm not trying to take anything away from work ethic. I'm just saying sometimes we are gifted with a really good body part. Oh, he's just for whatever reason. Don't for sure. Okay. For sure. But also then if you have that good body part, you can be feel good. I feel good. Sure. Oh, I don't know. I mean, both things can be true. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. That's a good point. As we were talking about. What I was my hamstring started cramping like, please, because I trained like just two and a half hours ago. And I don't know if you guys saw him. And you still have a seat on him. Yeah. Well, the one thing I was going to add, as far as, well, let's just say this. One of the first things I would do with someone who is struggling with a body part is I'm going to look at what they're, and I think you guys would do the same thing. You're going to look at what they're already doing. Yeah. So as an example, and I tend to, I tend to air on this side first. I have found in my experience that a lot of times when a muscle isn't growing well for a client, whether they're, they've been with me for a while or they have just come to me. Nine out of ten times they're overtrain me because they've already come to the conclusion that it's not, they didn't need to talk to me to figure out that it wasn't growing. They've been battling with it. And nine out of ten times, nine and a half out of ten, closer to ten, people tend to add more work. It's body builders. We'd more as better. So if it's not working, I'm going to train it with more volume. Oh, that's not working. So I'm going to train it more frequently. When in reality, what you might be doing, and this happens sometimes when people have weak body parts, that body part doesn't recover as quickly. So what you're doing is counterproductive by increasing the volume, increasing the frequency, or intensity frequency, or volume. So the first thing I like to do, unless they're just doing very infrequent training, low volume training, is I'm going to pull back. I'm going to pull back and see if resting the muscle actually allows it to finally grow. And the recovery is starting to get optimized. Arms are a good example. I don't know how many times I've heard clients say, well, I just, I've done everything for my arms. And this is what I'm doing. And I just can't get them to grow. And then I change to having them train arms every other week, which is very difficult to get somebody to do when they have lagging arms, especially a guy because, you know, we want good arms. We want good everything. The arms are just one of those things. And then it takes a little while, takes a few weeks. And then they go, well, yeah, I am up, you know, five pounds, which is another point. When you progress with arms, you don't jump very much. Your strength doesn't go up a lot. You're not seeing these obvious progressions like you do with bench squat dead. So pulling back sometimes helps too. But my point is just that I will take a look at what they're doing. And sometimes, literally, do exactly the opposite. Yeah, yeah, that makes sense, man. Got anything else on that one, Andrew? No, I think we covered it. I mean, we, the three of us could sit around and talk about training in scenarios for three, four, five hours. Right? I mean, before we even get on the show, we, we're talking about different training things like this. We should actually turn the, turn the recording on before we even start. Right? We cover like six different training topics of our own, but right? No, I think we covered, I think we covered the volume frequency kind of thing pretty well. All right, cool. Well, let's wrap this episode up, guys. We're doing multiple episodes a week now. So stay tuned for more. Go to bodybeary.com to reach out to Andrew. Team skip that calm, hit skip up for coaching there. McNally diets at gmail.com. I'm not taking clients for the moment, but I will by the time this episode comes back out. I took like three weeks off, taking new clients with all the travel. But things are back to normal. We appreciate you guys tuning in and we'll see you soon.