remind yourself of how you felt, reprogram your brain and find Andrew, you made really good points to any of you all did about finding something else to get satisfaction from instead of relying upon food for that satisfaction. As you eat. What's up guys? What's up guys? What's up guys? What's up guys? What's up guys? What's up guys? What's up guys? What's up guys? What's up guys? What's up guys? What's up guys? How's it going to do? How's it going to do? It will be a great way to get that out of the way we're at. Thank you to Patreon because you guys are helping them make this thing happen. We're brought to you by Trinutrition.com. Use our code to think over there to get some savings on high quality third party test supplements plus using our code think helps to support our programming. We all need protein right. Get some protein powder from the bus companies out there. And we're brought to you by SupplementSorce.ca for Canadians. price. We got a bunch of stuff. We're going to talk about, it doesn't sound like a big topic, but it's an important one. All three of us get asked to this is how much time do we need to rest between sets? So we're going to talk about some of the things that go beyond that. We've got some listener questions. And if you guys have questions, then definitely comment below because we need a bunch of questions for the next shows. But to start us out, we needed to talk about this men's wellness thing. And then we're going to go from there straight into, it doesn't sound like a huge topic, but I do think this isn't important one. We get questions about it all the time. And that is how much rest time do we need between sets? But let's talk about this men's wellness thing first. Who wants to go? I said before, I got jokes because I'm a sarcastic kind of guy, but I have to be careful because I don't want to trip the algorithms here, so I'm going to try to be well, I'll say this. I think the people that started posting about it, they knew it was going to create a big storm. They got a lot of likes and probably drive traffic to their pages. So it was, I think, and there, the people who did it, it was more of a situation of, uh, I capitalize on the information that not a lot of people know about yet because it's not an IFBNPC thing. As you can see here, Tyler is saying that, you know, they're very happy with the divisions that currently offer. And so all of my, I don't think we need any more divisions as it is at this point. And I do think that if there were people like this that wanted that division, there's, there's so few. And I think the IFBNPC makes decisions based off money. And they can make it. And I just don't think, I think it might create some kind of a negative backlash that might cause them to lose eyeballs and to lose attention spans to the IFBNPC. I don't think they would make a decision like that at the expense of being quote unquote inclusive. And that was about, and I applaud you for that. That was incredibly politically correct. I did that. I mean, you touched on everything that was, because I couldn't agree more. That thing's still run for politics. So, okay, fair enough. That's not where we want to go. I heard where I want to go. And I keep my swimmer sweatshirt because it looks like I have a button down on it. Because it's folded over like that. Is that just me? You just need to fill the chest very quickly. You need to go. I have to figure out how to figure out how to do this. You must be able to breathe. It would open up like this. Anyway. Yes. Okay. I want to go down this path. I want to go down the path of everyone turning it first because everything gets turned into something political. That's number one. So then people start emoting. You, you've made the best point, I think, and that is, it was put out there really as an emotional topic to get people fired. They were, I mean, it's, it's fodder in a sense. Or that's what they're trying to provide to moment and get people worked up because interaction and coming back to those posts is huge. You know, for social media. And it worked brilliantly. Number one, it was poor information. Well, it wasn't poor information to start, but it was left a bit ambiguous so the people could interpret it. Potentially as this may have been an IFVB NPC thing like we're going to be invaded in the United States by these trans, gender and peace. That's the way they're like trying to, sure. Yeah exactly. I have a vibe as well. And that is the issue that I have with it. I am, am I the most socially liberal person on the panel? Probably right of the three of us. I mean, I'm not trying to any, I'm all for letting people do what they want to do with their own body. So I'm like, I'm fair enough. Okay. So, and that's why I put that out there. And yeah, and I don't usually talk about the political point, but I want to make this point. I vote Republican. And I make no bones about saying that I don't get political. I do on my personal page sometimes, but I don't get political. I try not to mix the two business and politics, business and religion, business and social events. It's just a, or social issues is a bad combination. You just, you know, anything you're having, any type of business I can't even know, you try not to mix them. The reason that I say, I don't exactly, but here's, but here's my point. Because I'm going to come at this from a more liberal stance from a social standpoint. I just want to make it clear before everyone loads up the comments with me being a snowflake and in all those, no, they're already unsubscribed. They're gone. Maybe they're not a very fussy. Yeah, yeah, exactly. But I am socially liberal. I do come at it much the same way you do. I just don't care. I'm apathetic to it. It doesn't impact me directly. So I don't care. I also don't think that things like that ruin the world, uh, though many people do. I just simply disagree with that. So my perspective was I just, what, why is everybody getting so worked up? Are you going to get beat by them? Is there some fear that, uh, where you're thinking about going into this division? They're taking attention away from you? I don't understand it. I'm a one of people are in another side. Are there, hold on. I haven't been following along. All right. There are people upset about this. Oh, very. They're emoting strongly. You kidding me. Now, it pulled back a little bit when it was made clear again because it was clear. I thought from the start that this is not an IBM PC thing. This is a Brazil or it's like the Romanian show or it's in Brazil. It's something like that. So what they're doing halfway across the world and two people may show up. I don't know. No one is losing a trophy here. We may be losing 10 minutes for an extra division. I don't know. Uh, so I guess I just don't see the up right. Don't get worked up over things that don't directly involve me. And my thing is this and I responded very similar to this. I'm paraphrasing I'm I'm Ron to the sawdown. Ron Harris is posed. We are a group of freaks. We like that freak thing, that freak status. We want to even if we don't look like a freak, we think we are. And there's a lot of that in this industry. We think they're highly of very talented cultures. Absolutely. Uh, arrogant. Quite quite arrogant, really. So a group of freaks get together. And we go, whoa, easy. They're just a little too freaky. We're not going to let you join in on the freak. Yeah. Yeah. It's so bizarre. It's highly hypocritical. And is going to not look at us any different or differently. They're going to look at us like the freaks and and the subculture to a certain degree, subculture, not as much as it was 20 or 30 years ago. But it's still not normal to the average person anyway. So it's not like this addition or this additional division. If you were to skyrocket, take off and every show in the United States had a, yeah, it went, it started small like the physique division and it grew into, you know, this big, competitive thing. The mainstream is going to look at us any differently than they do now. So it's not going to change from from that vantage point. But I agree with the ender. In the end, I don't see it as a abonus or or this huge money maker from a protest standpoint. And the promoters are motivated by money. It's a business. Love it or hate it. It's a business. Divisions get added if they see the ability to make more money and physique get it and it has taken off and it's turned into a great division, even before that bikini. Wellness, they've all become, they know what they're doing. If they see the advantage from a financial standpoint, they'll they'll institute a division like that. But I'm with you, Andrew, I don't see that that's a potential money maker down the line. I do not think it'll happen. So everybody is getting worked up over what? Absolutely nothing. Maybe it's just a diversion from Kelsey and Taylor. I don't know because everybody's worked up about that too. I don't know what that is either. I don't want to know. I don't want to know. Good. Where everybody else knows but Scott. I'm good with that. I'm good with that. Okay. Yeah. So we'll see how this thing continues to unfold for Brazil. But apparently it's not happening in the US. Let's move on to that topic though. Hey, what's up guys? I have a lot of people who reach out to man in regular basis who are trying to more effectively reach their goals. One of the biggest mistakes I see people make is that they're not getting enough protein. And there's only so much chicken breast we can eat through the day. But we can easily add a high quality protein supplement to boost those numbers. Triniatrician has just about every protein powder you can think of from high quality weight isolate. If you don't tolerate lactose, then you could use their beef isolate. Or you could use their pee protein isolate if you don't eat animal products. I literally have everything to think of. I believe in them for like a decade before they advertised with us. And they they never went out of their way to say like, Hey, we want to put muddars stuff through you. I literally asked them because it's a company that I believe in and at the end of the day, I want to see you guys reach your goals as effectively as possible. So if you use our code, think at Triniatrician, you'll get some savings. You'll help to support our programming and you'll get some high quality products to more effectively reach your goals faster. All right. You guys don't move on. Rest time. Yeah. Which means. I was taking a rest right now. Maybe we should just start the show with that. We can just get right over that part. Got it. All right. So it is a topic that has come up. The people who are really, let me put it this way. I don't want to start it that way. Let's say the detail people, right? People that are just so type A that they need to see it written out in front of them. You do this set for 10 to 12 reps and then you rest 75 seconds and then you do set two 75. Is that what you're going up? People that need to follow a program to a D. Yeah. Let me just say that. So I think that talking about talking about the rest time between sets, it's something that I think it's easy for us in this internet age as coaches to not specifically tell people. You know what I mean? Because in the old days, I think of my first coach, he was actually in the gym with me and it would those little details they're easy to see. And I think that we try to fill in all the holes. Skip, you've taught me a lot about making sure you don't assume anything. But to assume like rest times, it's something I hadn't always asked people, hey, how much rest time are you taking between sets? But it can make a huge difference in your workout can make a huge difference in the amount of reps you're going to get in that next set. I'd love to break that down with you guys. Yeah. And I think what happens is we put a black and white measure on it. Or people want a black and white measure and that's a bad way to go about it. Because there are too many variables to factor in how much time you need between sets and off the top of my head. You know, these are just the few that are coming off the top of my head. Whether the exercise, how demanding the exercises, like extensions versus leg presses or squats, cable curls versus or maybe by sets isn't a good example. But bent rows versus pullovers. Or that sort of thing. I think ultimately, I try to tell my clients that it comes down to breathing. Because yes, we can split hairs. But I think we can all agree that if you're going just playing too fast and you're kind of not circuit training, but you know, the rest between sets. I let's as an example and this is hard. It's going against what I said earlier about the time. But if I'm trying to take 30 seconds of between sets, I don't know. My ass is going to be smoked. I'm not, I'm going to be not be able to try and eat set at 100% because my arguably, my lungs are going to fail to find anything else. And that doesn't matter. I mean, I don't even know if I could maybe I could do leg extensions or curls 30 seconds apart. But the vast majority of compound exercise, that's not going to happen. And on the other end of the spectrum, then you have, you know, seven minutes or five minutes between sets. We've seen power lifters who was there for a very long time between sets. But their focus on numbers versus, you know, hypertrophy and and arguably conditions. So it's a different training style and they're going to have those differences in power lifters. They're going to be different than us in bodybuilding. So I always tell my clients, basically when your heart rate has come down and you're breathing is back in a normal range where you're able to go into the next set without coming up short on breath. And that takes, that's a very complex answer to some of who doesn't have a lot of experience because they don't know. They have to find out what that is. And with exercise and constant changing, your carbon take, there's a, I can just car but calorie and take and everything else. It's going to change over time. It changed from workout to workout. But if you're breathing his return, your heart rate has come down, then get back into the next set. Basically as soon as you can without that next set being compromised. That, you guys haven't the degree or what? I mean, I would not agree 100%. I would say, you know, for a novice trainer, a quick and dirty test is to follow the vice or say, and then if they do their next set with the same weight or roughly the same weight and they don't get the same amount of reps or they feel like they fatigue somewhere in that six, seven when they're trying to get 10 to 12, you know, you probably didn't rest long enough. That's kind of like, you know what I'm saying? And we're not talking like, if you're like, you know, into the fourth or fifth exercise of your routine, I'm talking like, you're on your first exercise, you've done a set and you've, let's say, your coach would tell you, yeah, about 90 seconds or so. And if you wait that 90 seconds and then you try to replicate that previous set and your front coming up short, it's probably because you didn't rest long enough, whether from a neurological standpoint, a muscular standpoint, something in their needs, just a little bit more time for you to be fully recuperated to give it a 100% effort again. And what are those cues? I guess an example. The first one that comes to mind is, if you're going along and I think we've all done this, you know, I've got one wrap. I've got two wraps. I've got three wraps. And we have this type of tempo. And all of a sudden you get to seven and that wrap just wants to die in the middle. And then all of a sudden that one wrap is taking twice as long to get, then I call it falling off the cliff. And it's just something that I've said to my wife over the years. Or I'll get up off the exercise and I'll have my headphones and I won't say anything. I'll just be like this. And she knows, you know, that the fatigue is setting and I may be moving too quickly or it's closer to the end of my workout where I'm just starting to fall off. The energy reserves aren't there. And when the energy reserves aren't there, do you have the same contract down for? She don't. So then you have to question, you know, I see over here in the comments section, Brandon says, you know, he does 90% of the sets at 30 seconds. That's pretty short. I'm not saying I'm not saying it's a couple of wrong. I'm just saying there's no way I'm doing that. And that's saying, you could have done 30 seconds. Did he? Yeah, I don't know that either. And, you know, fast and high volume, I'm not knocking the train. I'm just saying I wouldn't do it because there's no way with what and I am not in any way saying it doesn't train hard. What I'm saying is I know how I train and there is no way that's going to happen. No way. I can't come off a set of dumbbell process and be ready in the 30 minutes. 30 seconds. In fact, if I'm going to do a drop set at my last set, I might wait 20 or 30 seconds in between with some deep breaths and go again and I consider that an extension of the set not another set. Yeah, I would have said 30 seconds of rest kind of like a DC response set. I mean, just about is we're a muscle right. Some sort of even, you know, with that only, you know, 30 seconds. That's yeah, I agree with you guys. That's way too short. Were you saying Scott? I was going to say one of the mistakes I've seen people make is when they're doing a unilateral movement dumbbell row. They put that dumbbell down and sometimes it's like a client that I've had training with me at the home gym here. I don't even know they're doing it until we train together and they just go until they can't go any harder, you know, and they put that dumbbell down in immediately. They start strapping up the other side and I'm like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, you know, I consider you had another set, right? Well, it's funny. I was going to say, you know, to counter that what I like to do when I have training partners and we're doing single arm stuff like that is I like to do one partner does one side than the other partner. And you're going to say that. That's about it. And then too. Yeah, I think that's a great way to do it because you're not giving that second arm or second limb the same opportunity at F. As that first one. And that might be your shortcoming. If you're someone that always does right side first, left side second because people are very, very particular with how they do their exercises and you know, they, you know, they just like, I'll do my right side first, I do my left side or whatever. Maybe your left side's weaker and your right side's, you know, stronger. But point being is that that might be your shortcoming is that not from a strength standpoint. It's just that you're holding yourself back metabolically. Like you just don't have enough oxygen recycling ATP in general. Yeah, for you to give a full effort on that next set. And lunges is another fine example because as soon as you're done with one leg in it shot, you're still using the other leg in the second half of that set for balance. And you're pulling as you fatigue against primarily erectus neemers of that back leg. We can say that we're not but we are. So that to me is not, which is one of the reasons that I don't try that I don't like and rarely will train all reps on the left, all reps on the right. I alternate rap, rap, like left, right, left, right, or I don't do one arm things at one time. That's just something that that I'm too OCD about. I feel that that offers or or cutting has the potential for an imbalance. More of an imbalance, thing going left, right. Once when I go left to right and I know that one side is getting closer to failure than I can gauge whether I'm, you know, how close I am. If I'm off by a cup, I'm never off by a cup or I was earlier in my lifting career, if you will. But that balance is there. And one of the things that stands out is with imbalances of legs because a lot of times we train isilateral on all other much more on other muscle groups than we do on legs. And like as an example, if you're ever to do alternating leg press as an example, now we have Bulgarian split squats and stuff like that. But that's only they've come up with in the last 10 years, even lunging. You would walk in lunge, left, right, left, right. You would walk with dumbbells or out in the parking lot like Ronnie. But if you're in a Smith machine, then you're going to do one side before the other. Or if you're just holding one dumbbell because you're not, the point is is if you're doing an angle leg press or something like that, you're going to find out that your legs may not be as balanced from a strength standpoint as you thought they were. And you don't know that when you're squatting, leg pressing two feet or two legs at the same time, hex squatting two legs at the same time, things like that. But about an heavens question, should you always start with that weak side? I don't think it's a bad one. Yeah, I would say generally I do and I do encourage it. But then think of this though because a lot of times your weak side isn't just, it's not just much earlier this week, it's the connection from your brain to that muscle. So what you might want to do is lock in that feeling. Let's say your left side is weak and you're doing a single arm lap hold down, skip to favorite exercise. And you, you know, your left side just can't feel that connection the same way. You might want to start with that right side and really lock in right where you want to feel it. So then you can with your memory and your mind's eye or whatever you want to call it transfer to that other side when you do that if you break in the rule of starting with your, you know, your weak side first. But again, a lot of the times its activation is the issue, not muscular strength. It's a good point. All right, we've got a bunch of listener questions. I was just kind of looking through what we have that was one related to chest training. Where did that one go? So, yeah, shoot. I'm not seeing it up hand, but you guys remember what it was. It was something along the lines of a week, if you're, if you have a week chest. Let me see if I can pull it up. I think you've got it. Was something about muscle other muscles doing the word? Yeah. Yeah, was something along those lines. Sorry guys, I'm not the most organized today, apparently. You may just a second here. You got it. I thought I did. Here it is. It's from Dakota. He says if you have trouble using mostly chest muscles to do chest exercises, does that mean you have bad chest genetics? And is that how it is for other body parts? I'm going to go and see it. Just like you did before we hit the bottom and it's true. I can't even remember what I said now. I'm just thinking of something else though. But you can't understand. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's a mechanic's issue. It's not a genetic issue. I mean, it could be that your chest is weak from a genetic standpoint, but typically it's a mechanic's issue. What I was going to say is because I'm thinking of these examples of because I have no, I know a bunch of athletes that don't necessarily have quote unquote strong body parts. Like in terms of muscular strength and the poundages on the bar. When they hit a muscle, they hit a shot. It's like, oh, man, that's a dominant body part for you. You know what I'm saying? That's not always the rule. But I'm saying, like, I can think of some guys. I know that, you know, can barely do 225 on a bench press or 100 pound dumbbells, but they're not lacking on any peck mass. And you know, it's saying nothing about activation or anything like that. I don't think it's necessarily always a correlation of strength and size of body part. I'd go with that. Yeah. I remember when I was a kid, the way things were looked at back, back in like my dad's day of lifting. So we're talking like the 80s that there would be and I just just talked to a client about this yesterday. Like, take Lee Haney. Okay, Lee Haney at the time was God. He was the best body builder there was. And he had the most incredible back. And it was generally accepted that Lee Haney had the back he had because he had great genetics. And if somebody didn't have his good of a back, it's because their genetics weren't as good. And that kind of trickled down to everybody. So if if this guy has good legs and this guy doesn't have good legs, it's because he didn't have good genetics for legs. And I think you nailed it, skip with the whole that the activation of the mechanics that I've come to realize maybe maybe I will never have when I say maybe there's a real big maybe and there maybe I'll never have a back like Lee Haney. But that said, I can definitely I can I've learned and I have learned how to get better activation to completely change the development that I got out of it. You know, you guys, I think saw my my six months progression of you know, it's like literally just changing the technique. I did nothing else with gear, nothing else with nothing different with food. And in six months I feel like I made better progress than I ever had in any window previously. Mm-hmm. And you make a good point. I've got another example and that is some people won't end up very front del dominant. Yeah. And it was me with a week just and they say, well it's because and I think I've said it years ago. Well, the anterior delts are taking over it does make it more difficult. And that's a half truth because it does make it more difficult because the based on the mechanics that you have used in correct mechanics for a long time, your brain is wired to continue to use those mechanics and know and you know what that feels like when you do. But it doesn't change the fact that your mechanics have been wrong for a long time. So you have to remove, you have to change the mechanics of your chestwork to be able to eliminate that wheat or that strong point in the front delts to be able to dig into the chest more and make the chest work harder. So yeah, I have the same similar situation that you do Scott with genetically I have very very weak delts. I mean, I literally to this day, it happened last week. You know, I see someone doing overhead presses. This is a, you know, just a skinny string being typed in and they may be doing overhead presses with weights that close, they're very close to what I'm using or what they're using. And that is frustrating to me, but it's always been that weakness where I have had to find ways to like you said activate and dig into that muscle more because I'm not going to overhead press ever in my lifetime, you know, 225 for three sets of eight to 10. It's just not going to happen for me. I think maybe I got to 205 for six or seven and that was 20 years ago. And quite frankly, my shoulders are arguably as good now as they were then when I was pushing that amount of weight. So, you know, there comes the strength versus size connection and you have to wonder how much of that plays into it. I would go with activation over big, big weights any day. Yeah. Yeah. And I, I noticed too that like you said, you end up with those stronger doubts and it's because of the way that you're actually doing the movement. It's not the doubts fall and now you're just reinforcing it with your technique. But even changing that technique, I found that, you know, if you have a strong muscle group, there's a potential in as a newer guy. There's a good chance that a neighboring muscle group is going to be weaker. You know what I mean? Like I see guys that have incredible traps. You see the guy with the best traps in the gym, average gym rat guy. He's just been training not necessarily thinking about a ton of what he's doing. And that guy with great traps might not have good shoulders or the other way around. You know, because narrow particles will create typically a trap dominant physique. I can see how of the Z-quites. So it's down, you know, from the night. And that's a narrow, clavicle, narrow shoulder look. Broad, very broad shoulders and wide clavicles rarely are going to see incredibly dominant traps. And I think it goes with a lot of body parts. And then once that muscle gets so strong, you know, the muscle that's doing the work that you're trying not to use, I just feel like our body wants to, it wants to make the job as easy as possible. Yes. You know, and I mean, so it's going to lean into that strong muscle group. It takes a, it took me for my back a lot of humility of lowering the weight and and had it not been for my home gym. Maybe I would never figured it out because I went down to, like I tried to think that I don't have an ego. But I really had to get rid of the ego to use the weights I was using to experiment with trying to change my technique, you know, which is easier to do in a home gym than right. And that's it. That's what I'm saying. Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah. One other thing about, you know, it's almost a deterrent to be to have a solid body part when you're young because what do you typically see when you're young and you're just starting out if you have a good body part and everyone's come all man, your try sucks are amazing. You're more apt to train that body part. Oh, yeah. You're less apt to focus on those weaknesses, especially if you're like, you quote body build, but you don't really understand the sport of body building and developing a complete physique yet. You just know like I like to lift, I have a freak body part. I'm going to keep hitting that freak body part to make it even freakier and keep getting the accolades before like social media, you know, like all of us probably trained in high school gyms or, you know, if we had enough money, we went to the local health club and started training and stuff. And we got like our, our likes quote unquote from our buddies when we did something that was more than what they could do, you know, for me, it was like squats, leg presses. So I grabbed it towards leg training, you know, I could barely bench 135, even as a high school senior, but I could damn well squat four foot, four plates, you know. So of course, I'm going to make sure that I'm going to be all loaded up and excited for leg day. Chester, you know, it's not getting the same enthusiasm going. So I think that plays a role into, you know, dominant body parts as well. I could see that we have a bunch of list of questions. If you guys want to take part in the next show, we're going to need a bunch of list of questions. So definitely comment on YouTube and of course continue commenting on Patreon. Let me see what else we have here. Brandon Little, he says, um, other than the cost and gas issues. What issues could arise from getting half of your daily protein requirements from way? This would be out of sheer convenience for work. I mean, the first thing comes on mind is, and I might be making this up, but I don't think way has the same levels of vitamin B12 as your meats and your salt source proteins do. So you could be, you know, somewhat deficient in that if you're relying too much on weight protein, digestive issues, you know, a lot of times when people do more than two shakes a day, they start to find digestive issues pop up whether it's bloating gas. I'm not going to call it food allergy because it's probably wouldn't be defined as analogy, but more of like a food sensitivity issue, just from using the same protein source over and over again. Yeah, you know, other things hunger, you know, more times more often than not a protein shake is in as a satisfying or a satisite as, you know, a solid source protein. So in a dieting phase, you might want to be sticking with more solid source proteins. I know that, you know, I let my guys use more weight proteins, you know, in the offseason when like we're up at that five, six, six and a half thousand calories per day and like dude, I just can't get this eight ounces of chicken and okay, you know, throw two scooped, supporting in any of your carbs and fats for that meal, you know what I mean? So it's kind of like, it's one of those things very like, okay, we know this phase isn't going to go on forever. This, this will call it a permabal because it's not going on forever. We know that you're dieting right around the corner. We're doing something to regain your insulin sensitivity. So do what you got to do to get your macros in more or less, you know. For years, I have been, I've been very big on protein powder. I'm going to tell you why. Okay, jazz. When I first started, you know, because I'm as old as your dad's got what a sneaky little, a jack out of this. But training back in the 80s, I mean, Lee Haney was the king, you're absolutely right, but protein powder and nutritional supplements, you know, pretty much all of them. I've come a long way. I mean, the advances in protein powder is huge. So for someone like me who's been around for a long time, protein powder is significantly better now than it ever was in 80s and even into the 90s and things like that. So I was always big on them. I would say I would get my clients the room to go with a max of, you know, if you have to take in a protein drink up to three times a day and you have six meals. I'm cool with that as long as they're not back to back and you kind of the alternator. Cool. I was going to ask, was the max, you know, we have to put or burn it. But I don't like that. I'm beginning to get away from that rule a little bit. I'm cutting back at least one with clients and I have recently within the last six to eight months, cut back to only one myself and and what's weird is they started to not taste good. And I couldn't figure it out because I'm like, I've been, I've been drinking the same protein. My protein is awesome. It's always tastes great. But my body or my brain was basically telling me what I wasn't paying attention to. And as my, the taste wasn't as pleasing and I started to cut them down and eat more solid food, distension, inexplainable and random loose stool. So it's going to say diarrhea, but you know, loose stool if I'm coming to the floor. I really couldn't, but that distension in that blow in that gas if you're not saying gas like fart, but just gasy, you're sitting down on the couch and TV's not on yet here. You're fluid removing through your intestine, you're like what's going on down there just doesn't sound. So, but I just did become a lot better. The distension went down and I feel the same way you do, and or I don't think it's necessarily an allergy, but I think it's a sensitivity to the point of, and I think you have a sensitivity, it's an inflammatory, yes. You work with a distension in the blow, you know, everything comes into play. And, you know, one of the main things that I'm surprised that more people don't know this, because I've had a lot of clients ask me, well, maybe I shouldn't be. Sometimes we know these things and you just think, oh yeah, this is just normal stuff. The large into one of the main things that the large intestine does is it reabsorbs water for me to adjust to try back into your system. So, if you end up with diarrhea a lot, I should have said lose stools. But anyway, diarrhea, watery stools, that's an inefficient lower, or large intestine, lower jack. So, and I noticed it because I was like, wow, on the days that I don't take in as much fluid, I don't have this problem. Oh, I must be drinking too much water. No, no, no. It's that that large intestine is not as efficient at pulling that water back out for whatever reason. So, which is same thing, or the opposite with constipation, and that is, it can be in curr you can either be low on fluids and dehydrated, which is something for constipation, but then I have to wonder, when you take pain medications like vicarin and stuff like that, after you get a tooth worked on, you have surgery, they cause constipation. That's not necessarily because of dehydration. So, what is that medication? What impact is that medication? On the large intestines ability, it's probably pulling too much fluid out of your digestive tracker. Out of your intestine and putting it back into the system and then you end up incredibly constipated. Well, it also has to do with stopping the motility, slowing down the motility. Like of the of the pairstalsus gastroporosis or that kind of thing. Well, because there is no way that anybody listening knows what that is or very few people. I mean, if you want to, you know, I mean, exponent, put it into like laymen's terms, more what I like to refer to as skip terms. I mean, you have your transit time, whereas, you know, the minute food enters your mouth until it comes out the other end. And most people when they're having normal bowel movements, that's, you know, everyone has their own normal time. They're all within the same, you know, frequency for the most part, but, you know, gastric motility is controlled by number factors, neurological medications like we just talked about, you know, different vitamins and minerals can affect that like magnesium, for instance, will help speed up gastric motility. Okay. So there's, I think we're talking about it with the opiates is that yeah, it does pull some water, but it also, retards the the the pairstalsus process. This is a nice use of the word. We're tired. I thought about that for a minute. I'm like, how can I use this word today? Yeah. Okay. All right. Retardation of the digestive tract. That's still well within the boundaries. We are allowed to do that. We get to do that. Yes. Yes. Yes. As long as you can justify that. How about this one? So ASU's in body fat. What, what effect may you experience with somebody using AS with higher body fat versus lower body fat? Is there anything to be concerned about with a higher body fat require more gear than say lower body fat? Or is there is there any difference? That's what Taiwan's that. That's an interesting question because are they carrying more body fat because it's a genetic thing or are they carrying more body fat because they're in such a caloric surplus that they've done this to their physique. You know what I mean? I mean, I think this one would be probably be a really good one for Scott Stevenson because because I can say I can only guess and kind of, you know, beat around the bush a little bit without saying concretely like what I think would happen. But I don't think that someone whose fat or needs more PEDs to get the same effects in terms of muscular growth and whatnot. I'll say that. But I do think the higher body fat will have, I know it will have a more disproportionate effect on estrogenic activity. Yes, related to those compounds. So it's kind of like one of those like, well, it's not a chicken and the egg conversation, but it's more I guess it's a little more nuanced in that if you guys get what I'm talking about. But yeah, like I think we'll you see the dramatic effect in someone who is more obese. We'll you see the same dramatic, anavoloc effect in someone who's obese as you would in someone who is already very lean. No, visually you probably will not see that because they're holding more body fat and they're converting at a higher rate than someone who's already leaner. Yeah. Yeah, and I agree with you that's a difficult question. That's what I was telling. Let's see if Andrew takes us one first and you know have a hand in an off to you for that reason. But I don't know how to answer it because my initial response in the opinion would be, shouldn't matter. But I feel a more comfortable even that for Scott too because there may be things that you know behind the scenes like you said it's it may be far or more nuanced than I when I would think clearly there's a you know any time you're carrying higher levels of body fat there is likely to be higher levels of estrogen. But even with conversion I don't know that that's making you know the the antibiotics any more or less. It's not changing the effectiveness of it. And I agree and I can see the changes but what are the is there any impact on growing muscle if you have you know 30% body fat versus 10% insulin sensitivity when you're carrying higher levels of body fat is almost certainly not going to be as good whether you're force feeding or you're you're just carrying more body fat and from a genetic standpoint. I think it's easy to argue that your system is not terribly efficient or maybe it's actually incredibly efficient at storing food but the point is as meta-balkly you're not in a great place so I my brain goes to insulin sensitivity I would think that okay that would explain you're not in insulin sensitive that you're not going to be able to put on muscle as easily. You are already your body wants to store added you know calories and stuff and shuttle them into body fat so because that's what it's been doing for a while. I don't know that's a that's a tough one that's a let me give a person or a potential example. Let's say two college freshmen you know on the football team they start a cycle at the same time and one of them's 220 pounds pretty lean the other guys in offense of Lyonman already 300 pounds a big boy right but carrying some body fat. The the smaller guy puts on 20 pounds of muscle let's say or 20 pounds of general over his first cycle whereas the offense of Lyonman puts on 40 pounds you know is it arguable that that offense of Lyonman put on more actual muscle in that cycle or did he just put on more fat right without without doing the testing and without actually getting in there I'm going to say in like to throw out some examples because that's a real life example in case people didn't pick up on that from personal experience but like you get what I'm saying like because like if it's it's just hard to say that you're not going to see that that 40 pounds of muscle on the offensive Lyonman because he's a fat boy he's a fat guy but he's definitely larger now whereas with a smaller guy who is leaner you're definitely going to be like oh you do you got jacked you know what I mean it's hard to it's hard to say without you know probably doing biopsies and doing body fat testing and all that stuff about this one one of our listeners is in the military and he's in the army Nathan Scott shout out to you man and thank you for your service he says that he spends weeks at a time and he asks this question a little bit differently and it's just bodybuilding as well he's at he spends weeks at a time living off of MREs in child side chies child size breakfast and dinner portions what I typically do is pack tuna protein bars canned meat and protein powder in my pack and live off that however that stuff takes up a lot of room and is heavy my question is would there be any adverse effects of living off of dehydrated stakes for four to six weeks I tried it for a week and it didn't seem to be an issue however 30 days is a lot longer than seven and then he adds his recipe because one of the things I was curious of was his sodium intake and and we weren't sure about how he would measure it but maybe he's got that sort of he says my recipe is simple eight to nine ounces of tip sirloin with season salt and dehydrated for six hours this is much like the food I normally eat season to the same way and the same weight it's just in jerky form thanks for the advice that's an ideal it's not great but he's not an ideal situation yeah so he he's stuck and when you're in a situation like that that's not ideal you have to do the best that you can some things that come off that my head first I if you can dehydrate and you're still going to get the protein okay great I don't know what the quality changes I don't know protein degrades or doesn't degrade maybe I should and dehydrated meats but you still have to be getting you know protein in there and I would if it were me that's the route that I would go a couple of things that he said he had tuna if he's getting small portions for meals I'd make real sure that the tuna I took was an oil I'd try to take in excess calories unless I was still in about condition because he's also doing a marries I'm also doing the marries and I don't know if you guys have seen those things but like one m re has like 24 hundred calories oh I didn't know yeah because I always wanted to get some of the situation and they're not like you know 6800 calorie meals that they give them three of the day they're like 22 and they're like 80% fat and 80% carbs but there are some of them that are higher protein because what I don't want to cut you off I'll tell you what I do in a minute but I just just know what they're in honestly that's a good point because I assume based on what he was saying that his meals were very small and that he just wasn't getting enough calories I also assume or have to assume that if he's in the field there's a lot of physical work going on and he mentioned salt I'm like it's probably not going to be chilly where he is it may well be hot so in increase sodium intake is certainly not going to be about it wouldn't be one of the first things that I would think of because I also assume that he's going to have plenty of fluid that they're going to be equipped with enough you know with fluids to be able to you know and that he doesn't end up with with ridiculously high sodium levels so there's a lot of assumptions going into that because we have to you know we don't have all the information but now go ahead take it Andrew so I've got a like I that does this shout out to the Garrett Edwards he's in the army and he he has to go away for like these 30 month trainings at a time and what he does is he tries the bargain with the other guys for the higher protein memories and I can't remember which ones are the higher proteins I think the breakfast ones maybe but like they eggs and like you know they have higher protein things in them whereas the general ones that give you are like you know the equivalent of two ounces of steak and then like a hundred grams of carbs from potato and then 80 grams of fats from some oil that they throw in there right so not a balanced body building meal you know so what he does is he he tries to bargain with his guys for their higher quality higher protein memories brings as much protein patterns he can fit in his back we don't do the beef turkey stuff or the the dehydrated meats and I'm kind of against that because A like if you're not dehydrated in a properly the risk for foodborne illness is pretty darn high oh no kidding yeah yeah I thought about it because I've never dehydrated me but man it sounds like a fun idea honestly you know yeah I mean if you're doing it you want to make it my fridge still you know I'm not going out in the field yeah yeah yeah it's yeah it all comes down to water activity so if you're not dehydrating all that water activity out you're putting yourself in danger for something like a foodborne illness which you're going to be stuck in the barracks all week on the toilet if you do that and might will not even go right secondarily all the preservatives the nitrates in there you know there's a link nitrates and cancer I don't think that doing a month or 50 days straight of three super high nitrate meals a day well he's making it himself yeah so he's a bit the salt he's using salt he's using salt and his normal season oh he's a mercury yeah yeah yeah well for people that are buying because I did just quickly look up their arbor bunch of companies that do products like this that are more than just beef jerky if you're lying on a on a you know vendor to provide this stuff for you check out the preservatives that they use yeah just because you know I wouldn't want to tell someone to go need this stuff and then two years later they're like I got cancer because I ate all this stuff you know but um what was the other thing what else do we do I think that's it a lot of protein powder you know try to bargain with the guys for the guys that aren't into exercise and training try to bargain with them for the higher protein higher quality meals yeah that's about it I yeah I watched the documentary recently about the the history of the MRE and how it developed into what it is today and yeah they're they're so high calorie because it's supposed to be for you know to to supply you with everything you supposedly need obviously not the the best for you though I mean I'm sure it's great if you are you know in an active situation right you know and you're not getting back to home base for several days you need something that has the highest amount of calories possible that doesn't weigh that much right I mean it's you don't want your pack being bogged down tiny mountains it's horrible that I think the government is not more concerned about muscle gains and maintaining muscle for body anyway yeah we had one over on patreon about about getting cramps he says Kyle he says um after okay after I trained my quads I get random cramps in both legs often at the same time while walking so I end up randomly limping looking like a broken down 85 year old psychopath congrats where are the cramps what you say where are the cramps I mean are they in his foot are they in the quads I guess in there in the quads you know he's they're probably in the muscle he's training I think he's saying yeah I know when I was younger I would do it at most people doing their in high school they'd get done training and then they go play a game and pick up basketball every time I would jump because I could jump for a white boy and every time I would jump of course you know my quads block and they would want a cramp and I couldn't finger it out and sometimes it'd be after a leg workout you know that sort of thing so I don't know the answer this is a lot of variables but I mean we can all agree that it's there's clearly an electrolyte issue there so then you have to wonder if there's you know if the training is just so over the top and you're in you're depleting so much that I would wonder this when they're cramping take a look at the log book and see if you're actually progressing or if you're so depleted that you're either stable or you're regressing because if you're regressing I think the answer is right there in front of your face on the pages of the log book if you are if you are progressing and you're still having these cramps something somehow is causing that electrolyte imbalance and you have to find out what it is and I can't you know if you guys have some guesses what to look at I don't know I don't know what I would tell them I mean the obvious the hydration you know the mineral content of the foods that you're eating things like that but there's a lot of variables there I'm going to just go ahead and say it's a cost to do in business like in a lot of cases like I mean you guys tell me you haven't if you train your back and you're trying to like wash your back later on that day or you move your your arm the wrong way you get back doesn't just spasm right up yeah you're pack but it's the billitating all the time well your your legs are more debilitating being a larger muscle group so like it's going to affect you more like you're going to start to crumble if your your your quadstar cramping because I've been there the same way he does yeah many many times yeah I guess I just wonder to what degree it is because I mean I can destroy legs too and I won't have that cramping I may be so far for four days and I won't have any type of cramping in my legs unless you know back in the day when I play basketball or something like that but back is another one you know even brachialis you know you I'd go to you know chase especially when I get depleted I mean a cutface I'm real lean I go to shape and even just holding the razor up there I'll be like ah and then I'm trying to finish and I'm how to twist your hand hold my hand I'm trying to do with the other one and I am an abductioner so there's that we can both of them in some point in the front of us but the fact that I'm with a very lean and I'm depleted and I'm getting those cramps my brain already goes to fact that bro you're you're you got to take a closer look at the workload here because this shouldn't be happening consistently versus if it's just happening intermittently you know every now and then yeah I wonder what this fluid intake is I would start there I mean as simple as that is fluid intake maybe increase that and you know there's already a lot to try there is that too in fairness yeah I mean look the higher if all of a sudden people change from taking in three liters of data to gallons you're gonna be losing a lot of electrolytes that way you're gonna pin your blood of sodium potassium you're just gonna add to there's so many different electrolyte products that was my second thing there's so many different electrolyte products on the market nowadays you guys remember like five years ago there were no electrolytes available and now even at the grocery store I go through the checkout line and they had like an end cap with like three different four different brands of a hundred different flavors and they're not all equal you know what I mean they're not all the same but throw in something on that point that'd be I would try that as an experiment you know if he's getting they's getting a gallon of water I'd go to like a gallon and add a liter and make sure you take an electrolyte before you train just as an experiment and see what happens in a hurry now isn't it funny that Gatorade like we'll call that's the first electrolyte fluid product in its class right they invented a class of products which was pretty much the the leader other than power aid for I don't know 30 years or something like that and in the funny that when you actually look up the the the the the electrolyte content on a Gatorade it's like not anywhere near what you think it should be for at least what I think it should it's very minuscule it's like I would need to drink like six of these and get like 400 grams of sugar to get the amount of electrolytes that I want what you're in those packets that you're talking about now Scott yeah and and like really it's mainly sodium it that's in there right there's very yeah there's not nearly enough magnesium or potassium I think it's just sodium potassium magnesium and sodium is like the one we usually don't have to worry about because we're getting that in our seasonings and our foods and all that you know yeah another product you might want to try is 40,000 volts that's kind of my go to what's that it's from trace minerals it's super cheap you get it a vitamin job and get it on the Amazon it's just put a teaspoon or a tablespoon in your water and it's not as fancy it doesn't taste as good as the like the element packets or some of those other products that that we were talking about it actually tastes like crap but um but it's much cheaper it's like 12 cents a serving or something like that versus $2 for a packet okay electrolytes it's pretty inexpensive as well I use it constantly these days and it was funny because I hadn't used it till about eight months six eight months ago and my daughter asked me because she was going back to the gym our youngest she's like yeah you know I'm gonna can you get me some electrolytes you know for me it's like it's for well you know I'm gonna start working out and everything so I want to get you know my youngest daughter so I got her some and I figured if I was gonna pick up some for her I'll pick up some for myself and Tony makes a good point and actually she is 100% right what's that she says don't ask me why know this you probably took nutritional bio cam or advanced nutrition like I did but Gatorade used to have the proper electrolyte balance and still does for the players on the field but had to reduce it for what they sold to the gen pop because the taste was too oh you're kidding like that is true they want to make a taste sweeter the sugar content to electric electric like content went up like 40% or something like that and just right I like the taste of it no I don't like the lady you know words I'm not about I'm not buying that product you sound like a fat care and that's like yeah I know that's all I'm saying it's a chick who's like 280 you need to know where the electrolyte's an inch sugar but yeah but who orders a diet coke when she goes to the all you can eat seafood buffet hey I ordered diet coke get the all you can eat seafood food it's different when we do it yeah if I want to if I want to adjust something that's sugary I want it to taste good and actually have some substance to it especially when we have options like diet coke yes that's how I feel I'm like I'm not filling up on a full sugar coke I'm gonna fill up on food calories from food not calories from drinking exactly what do you guys do to curb your appetite and avoid munchies while cutting weed me nothing okay thank you because I didn't want to be the guy who said come on now and I tell my clients and I would imagine you guys do too but maybe maybe not gen pop clients but I have this thing and I'm I'll go on record and say that I don't like the new trend of dieting where there's sugar free jellos to take the edge off and things like that I'm also not a fan of things like even walled in farms sugar free especially that balled in farms I don't let my clients you I'm like I'm sorry and they always say the same thing well Matt Porty I know and Matt Porty was it was very very good at what he did but you're not working with Matt Porty and it says on my form no ghosts or skip no ghosts and there's a list of things that are an absolute no go they're non-negotiable and just don't do it when it comes down to it if you want to get shredded this is just in body building you just suck it up you learn how to deal with the hunger and you move on you can eat when you're done with you know training or you're done competing and deal with it then yeah it's just one of those things because I have found time and time again you get one of those sugar free jellos you're gonna rip through that it's gonna open the flood gates and you're gonna want to eat everything in sight it's not gonna it's just not a good idea no I'll give a few things so that someone can do try to do like a warm tea like a warm beverage like a tea or a coffee yeah that's it I think yeah I say away from coffee because you know or telling people to do coffee because they're probably already drinking coffees and bangs and doing clanks and whole bunch of other thermogenics so it's like it's like do a tea which is gonna have less caffeine and it would be de-caffinated go for a walk you know usually if you can just go for a walk and take your mind off of uh I want to eat this that or whatever you know or um develop a hobby and just like you know when you're hungry go out in the shed and do that hobby whatever like that yeah like it's honestly I tell a lot of people to pick up a hobby when they're doing a prep because you're not gonna be doing all the things that you would have otherwise done like yes you can go to family dinners and sit there with your your chicken and vegetables or whatever but you're not gonna have the mindset or the energy or the desire to go do all the same things you might typically want to do in the off season right like you know if your friends are going to um an amusement park and you're four weeks out you're at the point where you're like yeah I don't want to walk around in the sun all day and you know what you guys eat all this stuff and not that it's about the food or anything but it's just I don't want to be out for eight hours throughout the day like pick up a hot something that you can just kind of internally focus on with yourself and you know you're gonna have a lot of time so you're probably get good as something I have a bad habit when I cut what's that I spend money I was good yeah I wasn't wondering if you're gonna say it on a visey you know what Amazon yes but I buy thing and oddly I mean I'll buy some things for me like I get on a kid like if I want a new pair of you know shoes to take my walk I'll get seven different you know colors and but more I like to do two main things I like to all of a sudden I like to cook when the kids were home I would cook these awesome dinners because I could in a sense be satisfied not from a hunger standpoint but I would get satisfaction out of watching other people enjoy what I you know my kids enjoy what I did for them and making these nice dinners but the other thing is just buying things and spending money on people it's it's a satisfaction it in some way I'm sure it's feeding my brain what I may be missing what I'm you know depleted in hungry I don't know I'm not sure what it is but like clockwork I spend money I buy bigger ticket items when I'm cutting then I do it any other yeah there's the we get dopamine from food you know and we get we definitely get dopamine from junk food in the snacks we like and if we're dieting and then you get to eat something like that's off-planned some sort of snack you we all are getting that but I think when you're dieting you really really feel it you get dopamine from buying stuff and then here's the thing so you you you create a void in yourself like you literally there's a void because you're not putting something in that you normally would be putting in and so you want to fill that with something else I think that the number one thing like both of you guys are like the number one point that you both made without saying the word is acceptance you know I mean you have acceptance for your situation and that's just the way it's going to be and you remind yourself like well not just that but if I were to go off plan then I'm probably going to be an exact same position in our later it's not like it's going to change anything and I'll also be further away from my goal which is the reason I'm doing this to begin with you know and you'll be carrying some shame now yeah yeah yeah like because how many times have you gotten an email from somebody who's like a coach like I didn't really want to tell you this but yeah I cheated I fucked up I did this I did that and led to a whole weekend of doing this and so that's why I'm up six pounds and I know we lost a week is there anything I can do to make up that loss ground that kind of thing you know and what's the answer you're back on the same plan and do what you're doing and 95% of it will fall off and if you do it again then I'll be pissed but at least right now you're beating yourself up more than I'm going to be able to beat you up so it is what it is when you alter this is my experience when you alter the plan to make it convenient for these hiccups those hiccups will continue yes I agree make them ride with the same program and it's not I'm not saying from a excuse me a punitive standpoint you know proving it but if you start accommodating that stuff then it's going to reoccur guaranteed you're taking away also part of that I think is you're taking away the repercussions for having and that'll only last for so long and that's that's basically what binging and purging is you know that's right very good point you can only change it's also changing your strategy as a coach you know I mean like you're reacting instead of exactly yeah I mean we're already we're already reacting as it is but you're just adding like a heightened you know to the end degree of that and and the athlete by not even know you might have been planning for that next check and I'm going to add a refeed in or I'm going to add a cheat meal it right you did it before because you wanted to see the information based off of what they were going to check in with that day had they not cheated so it changes your mindset on things you know changes and it also changes your faith and them a little bit especially if it happens more than once right yeah it's a reprogramming I don't want to go you know going to beat this topic like dead horse but when you are dieting over the long term whether it be a prop or cut phase or you're making a transformation whatever you you really do your your main focus isn't really just the diet and I think it's it's more about reprogramming the brain to accept that I'm not going to get this like I can't rely on food is as a satisfaction or hey how do I say like a out of luxury but like a like a reward I guess yeah and that can really I think it's why because I've been doing this for a long time we all have been doing it for a long time but in my early days you know I eat something and you do you have that guilt in that shit and and and then I ask myself well why do I keep doing it but you do it until you realize that even if you're really hungry the satisfaction you're getting from going to get from that food in the moment is not going to be better than the guilt that you feel when you are all done and you're relatively say shaded and then you're going to beat the hell out of yourself so I try to remind clients how did you feel last time yeah remind yourself of how you felt reprogram your brain and find Andrew you made really good points to anybody we all did about finding something else to get satisfaction from instead of relying upon food for that satisfaction within the law of course within the law as you eat yeah you got a fine satisfaction somewhere else excuse me I would admit because people say oh you don't have any you don't drink you don't yeah I do I have a nicotine now for most people they make think all that's not their thing everybody's got their thing well I buy shit and I have nick there are things that I do that accommodate four covering my mouth so obviously there's things that we all do to some degree to help take the edge up to give us something else to focus on that is even mildly rewarding but it doesn't go counter to your goals to your business and that's the biggest thing about this one from Cody and Patreyan I believe this was he says thoughts on competing annually versus competing every couple of years she said I've heard Plembo talk about this and he says not getting too far away from the stage conditioning retaining the ability to get lean and I've also heard other opinions more time in the offices into growing progress so really could go either way what do you guys think how much is it what's an optimal amount of time completely depends on the athlete are you someone that plays third place at national's last year and you know we just got to be where next the mine or did you get fifth place at your local show in a novice class you know the in the ladder example you probably need two to three years before you're going to be competitive you know even for that novice first place so it would be who view to get on stage again the following season whereas the national's guy you know your fresh in the judges minds you got third place your one spot or two spots away from a pro card they've like you you're almost there maybe it was a conditioning thing maybe it was a peaking thing so it would be who if you not to get back on stage again the following season I used to be completely against competing too often and I'm at like you know hugely for it now but I'm not completely against it and the reason is if you're not genetically gifted I think that cutting down and being the lean will offer you more opportunities to grow this is if you have very mediocre genetics and you're not genetically gifted it will give you more opportunities to grow because I think that the average person after 68 nine months maybe arguably 12 but still 68 nine months you're not going to do as much growing because of the loss of insulin sensitivity and things like that those minor things when someone is not as gifted or those shorter amounts of time don't provide the payoff like they do when you are genetically gifted and you go you know two years and you grow like crazy I have found myself that my best gains are going to be even the first six months after I've been lean after that I can still gain and I can progress but it's not going to be and this isn't just now so if anybody's saying man you're really old you you're in your 50s you're not gaining much anyway oh man there or no but I'm still progressing if I go back 20 years it's still the same thing that short amount of time so if I competed annually that did help me where I used to think man maybe this is taking away maybe I should sit out for another year and I did that a couple times in my progress really wasn't any better next seeing this with clients as well I think there's a genetic component there that if you are gifted yes you can probably go longer and continue to grow I think a lot of people benefit quite a bit from having to get lean once a year hmm what's the use got I can see I I'm with you and you what you initially said you know if you're right there then then why not I kind split it at times I think that my sweet spot was about 18 months so I would take an entire year to grow and sometimes it looked like this so let's say I did a spring show okay then I might do a fall show like the very end of the season then that that following year that would give me a chance to grow and you know have almost a full year of off season because there was something for me about getting back in shape and I think that if I took the diet slow I could still make really good progress in fact I felt like even more plugged in I'm going to be completely honest the show would motivate me to be my best in the gym and motivate me to be the best on my diet and so if I knew like hey I only have this 18 months you know I know that I can break that down and say okay so by here I'm going to be dieting again I better kill this now you know and I mean versus the times I did take longer it was easier to kind of coast a little bit and I and I see that with people so I think it depends on the individual are you going to feel the fire under you if you have a three-year window you know and if you don't I mean maybe that's just who you are and you weren't meant to get where you're going anyway if you really need to make that much progress or heck maybe you're younger and you're not going you're not going to get where you want to be in three years but you have enough time that maybe you'll be there in seven you know and if you love the sport and that's what you're comfortable with then like you said I think it's it really comes down to the individual yeah and you're getting out of the hiding I mean are you good because someone who's not very good at prepping you're going to gain that experience and kind of hardwire your brain to be able to get into prep mode and be more efficient and not acceptable but tolerate it much better versus if you're doing it every two to three years as well there's a lot of variables we're just I think you know from to the listeners we're just throwing out different you know variables and things to consider because there is no black and white answer to this I don't like and you know to your to your common and are absolutely if you're battling for a pro car different game yeah vast majority of the listener even at least two of the the whole side of the show today we all battling for a pro car so let's put some so I kind of gave my my rundown of how I did things like I said about 18 months and there were times I did two years but how about you we enter what what was your phases say earlier on when you once you started competing and you're like hey I want to keep getting good at this before you were knocking at the door type thing you know where were you so I did you know three shows in the early 2000s and then I took a full eight and a half nine years off because I knew from my height like I was always going to be peeled because I you know conditioning was never an issue early on I was always the most conditioned guy in the shows I got compliments for that but I also if I turn sideways it's like whoa where did you go you know so it's like I just didn't have the size of the thickness and so I was like okay I'm not and this is one of the rain reasons why I hooked up with Dante because he was turning guys into freaks right yes they can guys 200 pounds and turn them into 260 pound monsters within a year or two with his principles and so I just knew like okay I need to do something like that and not think about getting back on stage until I'm at least a very top end heavyweight if not a super heavyweight and that's what I did you know I came back in 2014 got on stage at um two 24 and a quarter I couldn't I couldn't go over I couldn't weigh enough to be 225 or 224 and a half or whatever it is to to make the super but whatever but then the falling year I was a super never look back so getting with the competing and I want to offer this as a solution too because you know we have a lot of guy a lot of listeners who are we'll say in their later stages of bodybuilding they're not necessarily young bucks and they want to do things healthy but they still want to compete yeah and this is a strategy I use for a long time is you know in the off season I really didn't use PEDs I was a 300 300 guy you know 300 tests 300 pre-mo or 300 mast and then come contests season that's when I felt like I did all my growing was you know because I layered in multiple compounds and I did a full blown cycle I think that might be a strategy for someone that does have that mindset like I want to compete every single year I want to compete every season you know to maintain their health and to try to do things as safely as possible because if you're someone that's trying to do big contest cycles and then you know shortly after that big off season cycles and then right after that another big contest cycle you're going to find that your health is going to get pretty deletrious pretty fast so I think you don't do that so long yeah I mean and we all know guys that would go right from an off season cycle and not even take a cruise or or a bridge cycle or I would literally just change the compounds up only weeks out and start with partners and go into the contest and those are the guys that unfortunately like and I'm not just trying to say this to as a scare tactic but a lot of these guys they get burnt out and they end up having kidney problems or they end up having blood pressure problems the point where you know they don't reach their potential or anywhere near the potential they were supposed to meet in the IFBB or NPC agreed hey that was a say to say that during that eight years you weren't just down 300 300 it's very it's only yes because the listeners are like no that was a great question I will say this there was a good two or three years where I wasn't taken anything and really literally just I don't even know why you know it was I mean I mean one thing I wasn't as connected as I you know you know M now but I think I really took that time to dive into training technique nutrition technique because I tried a lot of different variations of diets at that time I guess you could say that's when my education as a bodybuilder really happened you know because when you take the PDs out of it I could really just focus on the variables that I could control such as training diet rest those types of things and but then you know there was a point where I'm like okay I think I've done everything I can quote unquote someone naturally at this point and yeah absolutely but even then the cycles weren't you know they weren't like crazy you know we're talking 500 tests 500 deck over 500 EQ and then maybe some anovar or something thrown in they progressively got bigger and bigger as I learned that I needed more more to to progress in the gym and progress in bodyweight yeah hey got one more segment for us I want to try to make this a regular thing I'm putting you on the spots get by mentioned this weeks ago but I'm going to put you on the spot here we you are a man who appreciates a good vocabulary and in your educating everybody with bodybuilding stuff let's let's get some education with vocab too can you think of I didn't ask I didn't ask the skip this before the show guys can you think of a vocab word of the day for us I said it for a long time I talked for a long time to try to give you time to think too typically I'm an I'm an adjective guy I think they're a lot really good bad to I think that can really help juice up someone's vocabular but y'all have to be careful that if you're going to use a list words you got to know what they mean because if you got a be-listen vocabulary don't be trying to use a list words let's see one came up the other day and this off top my head I am not a side eye guy okay the modern version is they're looking at you she's looking at you she's looking at you a scant's yes cons and I would know what you met by that too even that's not a word I get you're sitting in a pretty girl next to you kind of looking at her like like with contempt you're not getting them inside I you're looking at her with scant so you can say side eye and you can be kind of hip or you can have a better vocabulary and say quit looking at me a scant and she's going to be equally she's going to know but she's going to probably have to google it be like oh okay well she meant side eye but whatever I wasn't looking at her like that right now that you say how to be careful too because some people go well that's not a very I don't know that it's a fancy word but I think it's a word that doesn't get used very very often you don't hear in everyday vocabular and I like words like that when I hear somebody say I take my own advice I don't usually speak to people and try to impress them with words but I do like knowing what they mean when I hear them on TV shows or hear someone I'll say them and I am very very impressed with people who have a very broad vocabulary if I hear a woman say something that is clearly have a very broad vocabulary I'm like oh that is for you and she can I think what it is is it's kind of like you know some people find find other people attractive based on things that aren't physical sure to me that just says oh man you've got a great vocabulary or when people write with incredibly great syntax and so that to me just says you know what that person's intelligent it is kind of a I don't say it's a turn on but it's impressive it impresses me yes all right well listen I'm not gonna read whatever Andrew wrote there I'm gonna keep moving on please we're texting anyways guys uh but listen we appreciate everybody tuning in we're gonna need questions for the next show so definitely comment below and reach out to all of us for coaching go to teamskip.com you go to bodybaric.com you can go to McNallydietz and gmail.com and of course check out our sponsors Trinitishtt.com use our code think supplement source.ca for all our Canadian people and thank you to everybody from Patreon guys we will see you soon