I think one thing that a lot of people don't do when they do barba rogers, trust their glutes and stuff to find the stability of the rival. Like you got to really sit back and squat. I'll tell people to bend their knees, you know, I'll tell a client, bend your knees to get into the row and the knees will bend straight into the quads going forward, you know. And it's like, no, I said bend your knees. I really meant squat down to the back so that the knees stay stationary. And that's the only time I've ever felt the row is really welcome. Hey, what's up guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweat and Gear. Of course I'm here with Coach of Skip Hill in Andrew Berry. And we are joined by IFVPro Doug Fruce. All of our programming is brought to you by True Nutrition.com. You could use our code. Thank you for some additional savings. If you're in Canada, check out SupplementSource.ca for great deals. Thank you to everybody who's helping to support our programming on Patreon. It's up, Doug. Thanks for joining us, man. Thanks for having me. I'm excited. I've been thinking about this for a couple of months. This is good. We've talked about it a lot. So just to kind of give everybody a little bit of a background. In fact, I feel like, so the first time you and I recorded, I believe it was in, that was like the road to North Americans, I believe it was. And that would have been like 2019 if somewhere in there. That's right. Since then, you've turned pro and you've just been tearing it up, man. How many times have you been on stage on an IFVPro stage this year? Man, this year I got, I did three. So I turned pro June of 2021 and then I did Tampa and Dallas right away after that. And then that was, so that was 2021. And then 2022 I started in Boston, did Boston, New York, and then the Cal. Cool. Like a couple pictures here. I wanted to throw these up. This is when was this from? Is this Boston? That's Boston. Yeah, that's Boston. That's my best look for sure. What are you away here? Two 81 in Boston. That was our stage. It was really one. Yeah, that's crazy. He looked like a dude. He looked like a dude. He looked like a dude. Yeah. I think I had one. Yeah, that was, I really feel like we captured the conditioning a lot better. You know, I learned a lesson about competing too long. When I tried to do New York in Cal because I was just pretty tired, but you don't realize you're tired until it's over. Like you don't realize, man, I was too tired until the shows are done if you see the results. But yeah. Is this one? Find you kind of, I was going to say, you find you kind of get addicted to the look like when you're in shape. Mm. Oh, man. Yeah, I'm still on a. I can't. I can't. I'm still going to. Every time I see myself getting sucked in, like I better do more cardio. I should keep dieting. Yeah. That's it. So that's you on the right, right Doug. And then we got a guy we know really well here, Nate Spear in the middle there. So that's a cool shot of both of you guys. Mm-hmm. Oh, yeah. I love that shot. You know, and just even the third guy, which unfortunately, I don't even remember who he was, but all three of us just had that great detail in the back. And I think it just really embodies what a bodybuilding stage should have on it. I was really proud of that. Yeah. You know, that's technically proficient bodybuilders across the board. And that's, you know, that's all the things we can control. Like that. Everyone was in shape for that show. So had to be in fun to kind of be backstage and I mean, we got to go up close. It was like being at the Arnold. And that's what you know, that's what I can't think. And you know, and Bonnie, he was really wanted to stood out so much because you just don't, I think, the lot also because he's darker, but in person, you just, you just, there's a whole other level to the amount of muscle he has in the way it went. Yeah, there. That is just like, it was pretty wild. Yeah. So we're going to do something kind of different today, guys. I had put a call out to all of you to give us some videos to critique. So, you know, Doug is a personal trainer and you train, you train at the Mecca, right? You're over there at Gold's gym, right? Yes, sir. Yeah. Let's meet. You've been, you've been trained in there for a long time. You've done a lot of work, too, with guys like Charles Glass. How long did you work out with Charles Glass for? Oh, man. I mean, Charles is, we worked out, we worked out kind of sporadically together. Anybody knows Charles knows that his schedule is not set in stone. Nor is it easy to chase him down a lot of times. But he's really more of my mentor as a trainer. And we work really closely together pretty much every day. And then, you know, probably like, during my prep and stuff, once a week, I'll get to work out with him. But more than anything, we work pretty closely together, you know, as like colleagues. That's cool. That's cool. And really, I feel like anybody who's taken bodybuilding to the level that you have, you know, training is an art. And I know that training is an art to you. And we all spend so much frickin' time, you know, thinking about how what it's going to take to improve a body part. What it's going to take to grow a physique. And I think that, you know, I'll tell you when I was a kid, I used to think that a guy with weak legs just had poor genetics for legs. And since then, I've realized that, no, maybe the guy just didn't know how to train his legs properly. And there's so many facets to fixing that. I know we can't cover a lot of them here today. But I thought if we actually showed you some actual training, it would give us a chance to kind of not talk from him. We can have concrete conversations here versus just talking abstract, you know? Absolutely. Yeah. And I'm so true. You can say about genetics. Like, you know, I think like, when you say, well, the guy's legs are because of genetics, there's so many of the facets, even to that. Like, how genetically does he have the connection, you know, how was he born with his inherent connections to his hamps and he versus what he's learned. And then, whether the muscle develops right or what the imbalance is so he can put himself in the right position to contract the muscle credit, all so many different things. Yeah. You want for taste. Yeah. So, of course, too, I want to get everybody's input on all this stuff. I have a, you know, a wide variety of stuff here. I'm going to start with this guy. This is a Nick sent this in. So this is a dead stop barbell row. And this is what you're going to see if we can technically can get this work. And I'm going to turn the volume down. All right. So we should be able to talk over these two. And I can pause this stuff, you know, rewind it, whatever you guys want to see. We can adjust as we go here. Yeah. So, I know Nick is, he's actually a client of mine. And I asked him to send this over. I can think of a couple things. I would like to see because I've watched this before. But I really want to hear what you guys have to say about this. And back is something that is something that he's really need to work on for him in general. I would say the thing that we really need to bring up is his posterior chain back on down. Mm. I mean, really for me, I would say it looks pretty good. I would probably have him think more about keeping his hips back so that as he pulled up into his dies, it would sit more into his hip pocket. But otherwise, I mean, he's stable. He's not really rising up or leaning back or anything. It looks pretty good. But I do feel like with the head down and you see the hips come forward just a little bit as he finishes the row. He's not getting the full contraction in the lats. That's all that's doing. Really soon. How do you guys feel about HeadStop versus a regular barbell row? I prefer personally. You prefer to stop? Yeah, well, I don't do. When I do regular barbell rows, like I can go for one week, two weeks, but usually that third week when I've started to add a little bit more weight, I always fuck my back up. And then I'm not rowing for two, three, four, five weeks at that point. So I avoid regular bent over barbell rows. And I've tried to strengthen my abs. I've tried to do a lot of different things that outside of just getting stronger and doing barbell rows to try to accommodate to be able to do the exercise. It's just something I'm not bill for. Yeah, I think one thing that a lot of people don't do when they do barbell rows is trust their glutes enough to find a stability that they're right will. Like, you got to really sit back and squat. You know, I'll tell people to bend their knees. I'll tell a client, bend your knees to get into the row and the knees will bend straight into the quads going forward. And it's like, no, I said bend your knees. I really meant squat down to the back so that the knees stay stationary. And that's the only time I've ever felt the rows really well. Because I kind of have the same problem with straight legs, not trusting my posture, your chain for the stability. I would always feel it in my lower back before I'd feel it anywhere else. And so once I started... So another point about the glutes. Trust me, I don't understand your chain for squat. Go ahead, I'm talking over here. I said, no, I don't know, bro. I said, that's about it. Like once I found the stability in my posture, the chain could really sit there, then I was able to basically do the same thing the guys doing on the dead stop. Like put that pull into it without jerking it and really connect with the latch driving that into the, into the waist. Yeah. I had a training partner who would poke me in my glabes a chiropractor. I've talked about it before, but you've poked me in my glutes while we're doing bent over rows to make sure that my glutes were tightened. It was funny how many times they weren't. And as soon as I would tighten and keep my literally consciously, keep them tight, the large majority of the stress of my lower back was gone. Oh, I'm so... And I don't know if that's Andrew's situation, but it's something to consider because I know it was so dramatic for me. And I have a history of chronic lower back injuries. So when the glutes are such huge stabilizers and they help take so much work off the lower back, that it could be something. The only other thing I'd throw at your Androh, and this isn't me trying to train you or anything. But I know I've come to more oblique work in the last year and how much the oblique play into stability for exercises like this too. And I think what happens, and I like it side-tracked in this, but what happened with the oblique work years ago was it was kind of labeled this bad thing because it was going to give you rich, gespari, oblique because everybody was doing side bends with 100 pound dumbbells. But there's oblique work that can strengthen your oblique without making them ridiculously thick and thickening your waist that can really help with stability through the midsection. Yeah, I'd be absolutely willing to do more oblique work. It's something I've avoided for 15 years. Probably I haven't done it. I do direct ab work, but I don't think I've done oblique. I definitely do take the glutes seriously in terms of setting the exercise up properly, but you can train me anytime. Yeah, and that's what I mean. I didn't want to be like, oh, here. No, no, no, no, like dude, I invite all suggestions. Like, you know, anybody in this podcast, you know, I've, you know, I have no I respect you. Anybody watching on YouTube give answers to messages and comments. So I said I respect you three to give a place. There's a certain level that goes with the time and energy and years put in. And if you have thought something I have and I absolutely invited, you know, and I think you guys would do the same. Yeah, absolutely. Well, that's why I asked about the dud stop because I see the benefit from the lower back from a from a fatigue standpoint and everything else. I think with if there's not a lower back vulnerability or weakness, I would prefer not to have the dead stop. That's not saying that the dead stop is worthless. I'm saying that there's more lower back as an example. I think that something like barbell rosin and I want to hear what Doug says and what you guys think too. I'm not saying that dads aren't in direct lower back work isn't needed, but there's a lot of a recta work in just stabilizing T bar rows and barbell bent over rows. I think much more than people give credit for. There's a lot of stabilization going on there. So there's a lot of work there that can sometimes be missed. I think if you were to exclusively do dead stops or do things that were supported, like rowing that is supported to where you don't involve the directors and they can get into that, direct your tions, how everything comes together through the mid and lower part of the back and shoot me down if you guys disagree. I really agree 100% I think one thing that's important about just a standard basic compound movement is like the barbell row as opposed to like a dead stop is making your body move in unison as a unit really kind of fills in the gaps of like the back. Whereas if you want to do a dead stop road to me it's about the same as a chess supported and seal row or something like that where you're just taking the motion out and contracting the muscle which is great. It definitely is and there's definitely a spot for it. I use them a lot but I think like Skip said the stabilization is valuable in itself just the act of being capable of doing that and it'll make you stronger in all the other lifts if you're impervious to being off balance and you can really keep the weight where you want it while you're working. It's a more athletic way of doing it which I think is just important for overall avoiding the imbalances and stuff like that in the way we move genetically. It makes sense. Would you say Doug for a lot of the newer younger guys that are watching? Would you say that leaning into the big basic movements is what you would suggest to start to build that the foundation for guys that do want to put on a lot of muscle? I think so. I think that most of us probably started that way Ben Schwatt, Deadlift, Barbell Row and do all that stuff. I think there's a lot of value to that but of course that's where you get a bunch of dudes who do it wrong and to heavy and hurt themselves and really derail themselves. You got to do it correctly. You have to understand what you're asking your body to do and I also think that it's just Danesers to start with the attitude of move weight from point A to point B only. You have to really be a student of the game from the very beginning if you're going to start that way. But you're never going to develop that in eight just strength from sticking to machines for your first year of lifting either. You're not going to really derail yourself there too I think. It's given take. Higher a good trainer. You know I don't know. Do you guys meet them? Then you guys play football. I played one year of football. I played mostly basketball. I played basketball. Okay so for basketball did you play college at all or? No just high school. Okay well I guess my point was I find that at least at the college level you do a lot more of cleans. You do a lot more front squats. You do the back squat. Push presses. I feel like that gives you a really good base before you move into more bodybuilding style training. Like because you mentioned I think Dougie brought a point about I can't remember exactly how you ordered it. But basically like being in control of your body when you're kind of off balance. And I think something like a clean, a push press where you're actually using some force. It kind of helps. There's a carry over to the exercises where you are bracing yourself and you're not using dynamic force. I guess it's a little bit. I was very, very bad at all the cleans and the explosive lifting and so like that that was never something I was good at but I would agree with you that it does help with that and I feel like because I didn't have that base and purely I basically have been a pure bodybuilding lift or since I started lifting really. And so there are things I even missed out on and I don't have that explosivity that I think would help my numbers be higher and stuff like that. That's some of those guys have. All right. I'm going to move on here to another exercise. This is from Matt Blv. Which he's actually watching on the live stream right now. So let's see if I could find this one. Here he's got a dumbbell. Looks like incline chest press. He gets extra points for the shirt. Cool, sir. See from this angle, they look pretty tight. What do you got, Doug? I mean, is there? The only thing I would say, I see it a lot with my clients. One thing I've done with them a lot is I feel like his shoulders are moving too much and he hasn't retracted his scapula. Matt, you haven't retracted your scapula back all the way into the bench and so I don't feel as though the chest is getting all the activation it needs. The way I would coach it is I'd have you stay at the top of your rep and then see what I can do it without bending your arms, retract your scapula back almost as if you're pushing your chest through your biceps like that. And then as you press, imagine you're pressing your body down through the bench and that will keep those shoulders safe and immobile while you're pressing so the chest will get everything. That's why I said about that angle too. I wonder if maybe he took a video from the side because that's what I was talking up on too. I was like, maybe he's got another angle here. Yeah, that's interesting. I never heard that term before the way you suggested that. So you're contracting the scapula basically. You're pushing that. So how did you say that again, pushing your body through the bench? How did you say that? Yeah, you're pushing your body down backwards through the bench. I always heard, I heard this one thing once it was actually Phil Hurdon who said, you build more muscle moving your body through space than moving weight through space. And when he said that, I just, I don't know why I just always kind of thought, well if that's the case, and why don't you just imagine that the weight, the stationary, and moving your body around it. So that's, if those were just handles and you're doing your reverse push up and pushing your body back, then the chest will take all the activation the shoulders would stay back. So I mean, I do that with a lot of exercise. I'm just like, move your body around the weight. It's just a pull-up bar. It's just a pull-up bar. It's just doing a lot pulled up. And chest has to come up to the bar rather than all the other ways people move. I want to ask you to just make one of those people, most people associated with deadlift, right? Like don't pull the weight, drive your feet through the floor. You can't really hear that one, right? Yeah, yeah. Spread the floor apart. Oh, yeah, that's stuff. What were you going to say, skip? Going back to the professional muscle, it's funny that you made that reference because I haven't heard that in a long time, but he made that reference years ago. And immediately, but I mean, that's that brought back. That goes back a ways. I don't remember when it was that I heard that, but I heard it. I mean, I talked with Phil a couple of times and I sure, you know, just a well-known, it's where everybody, you know, we take from everybody. That's how we learn. That's how we make this sport better. I wanted to ask you guys, what would you say is your favorite or what do you feel is your your best muscle grower for chest? Man, if I could figure that out, I'd do a lot better on stage. I would probably say it's got to be inclined, just an inclined barbell or inclined smith machine is my go-to. I'll kind of go between the two depending on how strong I'm feeling for the day. But I'm still trying to figure out if you guys have any suggestions. Please pick a one. Yeah, no kid. I don't know if I can pick the best, but I will say that. I've said this before. I think the old school flat or not even flat, but dumbbell flies are underrated. And I'm happy to see them making a bit of a comeback in the last few years because I think that they're just underrated. They're not going to all of a sudden, you know, throw on slabs of meat, but I think that they should have never been tossed to the side like they were for quite a while. The thing about flies, I feel like my, I have my personal relationship with dumbbell flies has evolved so much more than one would expect from such a simple movement. Like it's, it looks so simple and you think it's so simple because it's not a press and it's your third motion of the day. So, you're probably not going to pay as much attention to a book. Boy, if you can retract your scapula and let the negative be slow as you take that dumbbell out and really feel the chest, I mean, it's one of the best connections I've ever had, but it sure wasn't that way when I first started. And I think for three to five years, I just moved dumbbells around and never felt the damn thing. You know, as I first started the game. How about you, Andrew? What's your favorite meat and potatoes chest movement? I'm trying to like, so I'm trying to separate what, which are the ones that I'm good at versus which one do I get up and be like, wow, that targeted all my chest fibers. The ones I'm good at, I, somewhat good. Inclined dumbbell press and inclined some myth press on a low angle. And I feel really good connected to those, but I got to say, we have this blue body master's machine. We lay on it. I'm trying to think, it's part of this, it's a chest press here and then on the other side, it's a shoulder press and it's a plate loaded. I don't know if you guys know what I'm talking about. I don't think we've ever seen that. Me either. I got a video on my Instagram. I'll send you guys later. Okay. But it's just the connection. So good because my elbows, I feel like I just drive them right in as I come up and I feel the pecs contract so nasty. You get done off of a set like that. And I just remember that in my rotation when I'm using it, it's always exercise. I get up and I'm like, just a smoked like all fibers. I feel them. It looks like a simple machine. Mike, you know, they have a straight deep line. Charles has a way of, I got to see if I can find a video. If not, I'll just make one tomorrow. And Charles has a way of adjusting your hips out a little bit and retracting your scapula so that you just do the decline like a flat. And I mean, it's one of the hardest positions I've ever gotten, you know, had to try to get into. But there's been like five or six times I've gotten in it. And like three sets of 12 and you're just finished your whole chest. That's like a great one. The way the way you put that about whether I'm good at it or I actually feel smoked, I'm going to have to think back and that was one. I am not good at it. But when you get it right, it's like, wow, I'll see what you find it because that one's really cool. And everybody's got a hammer straight deep line. Yeah, yeah. Most people. All right. I got it. Well, switch gears here again. Got a shoulder exercise. Oh, that's a day. Glateral raises. I'm going to turn this volume down here. If I can get to it, we're going to get demonetized here with a little blink 180 to where something in the background. Yeah. The shoulders are doing way too much. His scapules come away up and down too much. Yeah. Did you guys agree? Yeah, I agree with you. I feel like this exercise can be a real tough one for guys to figure out some guy. Not just guys for people to figure out that they don't, they don't get the connection right. I see people doing all sorts of stuff using their traps. You know, do you just not getting it? What can we tell him to help him get more of the activation where he wants it? The first thing I was saying, because I agree with you, I teach this a lot. And I spend a lot of my time holding my face, like, OK, how are we going to figure this out? What are we going to tell this guy to get him to get this in? And with him, the cool thing is he has his hands the way I like them. You know, you come down, you pour the drink out with your thumb, you know, and drop that driving with the elbow. But I would just tell him the drag is knuckles on the ground. So he stops thinking about picking it up. So he just tell him to drag your knuckles on the ground and throw those dumbbells to the side. Thank you. That's where I was going to go. That's good. It's not lifting up. Yes, getting them to throwing them to this. I will stand next to a client say, just hit me with the dumbbell. Just exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly. That the it's stay wide. It's stay wide. Instead of looking at it as I'm trying to get him up as high as I can. I think it's a lot of the trap. And again, the scapula, the position of the scapula and that digs in more. I think to the side, though, I'm glad you made that point. I was waiting. I was waiting because I was going to see if you agreed with that or not. I had not heard that idea until just recently and I've used it so many times since it was a client of my shout out to Andrea Watson. She had said she tries to touch each side of the room, basically. Yeah, tries to go out versus bring it up. And it is so frustrating when you can do it. You know, it's like, I do this all the time. I know how this exercise works, but to try to fix it on somebody else. And I feel like this exercise can be a game changer for me. At least delts. I feel like there are a small muscle group. And when I figured stuff out with them, they started growing like really fast. And if you can take an exercise that isn't working for you and change it, that muscle is going to, you know, you could get some really like almost like no be like games if you start activating it, right, you know. I tell people all the time because I think the same thing as you Scott that they're just, they're such an interesting muscle group. And they really are much more technical than people realize and I tell them, I tell people a lot. I say, shoulders are like the laziest little kid that wants all the credit. They want to help everybody, but everything, nothing on their own. Yeah. You know, they want to get on everybody's project. But when you ask them to do some all by themselves, they, they refuse. They don't like it. I just got one from you, Andrew. What's this, this video. You just something it's the, it's the machine I was referring to. The body master power systems. Okay. That looks good. So, in my head, I was picturing the paramount that is the isselateral with the swivel handles. But when you said body mass holding on the very moment. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There's a little bit of the other side. There's a shoulder press. It's a very similar plate loaded machine. I look heavy. I bet you that's heavy as hell. I'll wait right there on you. Yeah, I feel like I have six and a half plates there. This might be probably the most I've done on it though, Doug. It's probably like I did it again. This is probably what last year, middle of prayer, for some point. I did it yesterday and I got five plates for 11 reps. I think here I did like six and a half for like nine or something. Which is probably the heaviest I've ever gone on. Just out of safety. You know, I mean, you can't really fit much more weight on it either. Yeah, sometimes we'll band it too. Sometimes we'll band it, which makes it eat like the contraction is out of this world. Like I can't even describe three plates on this for like sets of 10. You just, you, you, it's the kind of pump that you want when you're going out on stage. Put it that way. Huh. Right on this. So you want? Hey, Doug, I heard that a lot of the machines have changed. Like they've got a bunch of new stuff over there at Gold's Venice now. What, what, what are the pieces that you really like there right now? Um, well, I like most of the old ones still. There's, there's a, there's a really, we have a really nice, um, gosh, who makes it. Now I think, I think it's, it's just this old black incline press plate loaded in the back. I think it's in a carry and it's someone like that and it's just a humblur. Man, you put the plates on the back and it's an incline press that is so heavy. That one's good. So it's not, you know, I've actually, I carry in. I just want to be clear. I think it's like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But honestly, I mean, they put a whole bunch of new gym 80 stuff in, because I don't know if you know the gym, the goal to go bought by R.S.G. who owns Mick Fit, which are all these German gyms, like I bought all these gyms and he owns Jim 80, which is this other equipment brand. And then they're really pushing it, but it's not all that great. You know, it's just really big and hyper engineered. And like they have these chest presses that have a lever that will drop 30 per like there's plate loaded, but then there's a lever and it'll slide back, so it's 30% less weight. And it's supposed to be able to do that on your own in the exercise, no, you cannot I promise, but. Oh, they think you can. But really, you know, all the old stuff is still there. There's the red, you guys have all been to gold, yeah, you know, a couple times. Yeah. The red hammer strength chest press that's dip on the other side. Okay, yeah. Yeah, it's like a seesaw. That was pretty sweet. But man, I'm like a lie, I was just, I was just at Beves twice over the spring. And Beves really shows you how bad gold has got. Huh, thank you. What about what I'm wearing? I always telling you guys, I'm always telling you guys, you gotta go to the East Coast Jams and Beves is one of the most talented people I'm telling you. I'm telling you, right? They have everything. That's how we know what it's like. I'll go spend 10 weeks in the fall in New England so I can train it those gyms. Wait, but the dog, the other one you want to go to is just about an hour and a half away from there is Martin Nare's gym. Oh, I know about that gym. I've never been. Okay. Yeah, the super gym. Oh, it's the pose in room. Oh, it's the pose in room. I haven't been with the Raymond training back there and all that stuff all the way. Yeah, yeah, exactly. All right, I think I have another barbell row. I'll throw this one up for Kyle. What do you spend a squat? Yeah, I didn't get any leg. I asked these guys. I was like, hey guys, can you send me some leg stuff? But skipping Andrew didn't have time to grab anything. Well, you ordered us to do it? Oh, I asked if you. Not you. Like if you had any clients or anybody who could throw something over last minute. I'm sorry, yeah. Let's see. It was last minute. You know, I like that quite. I like that just fine. I would tell him to bend his knees and squat down a little bit so he'd stop elevating as much and find a little bit more athletic comfort. But I like the way that road looks. I mean, he's getting it in the back pretty good. And I like that he pushes his ass back on his negative. So that's where you kind of take that balance. If you push your ass back and sit down like that. Mm. Yeah, you don't get that problem. See, if I don't love Barbaro. A little bit of a knife. You barbros. Is that like someone starts out like this and by the eighth rep they're like this. Yeah. Yeah. 15. That's the only problem I have with with Barbaro exercises like this personally. Yep. So that was the first time. I think there goes in part two with pushing, you know, or constantly pushing, looking for the progression. And I think it's a way to go up a minute to fatigue factor. I don't even think sometimes you notice it until you go back and see it. Absolutely. But I know, I don't know how many times I've said that every rep you're coming up a little bit higher. And to make the comparison, even like a long pulley row, if it's too heavy, then a lot of time, you'll end up, you know, or your client will be ending up leaning back against it or away from it, doing the same thing. Yeah, I wish we did have some leg stuff. But since we don't, I'd still love to hear some thoughts. Doug, what are the things you see people doing wrong a lot of the times? Things that we need to improve in general on say a squat movement? Hmm. Well, I think a squat movement is people just, people just really try to outrun their stability. And they try to outrun their capabilities, as far as staying in the correct form to execute it all the way. And then they just, you wrapped up in how much you're squatting and you'll either forget about depth or you'll forget about your hip placement. And that's just, I mean, it's on a case by case basis. I feel like people, you know, a squat is unique to every person. And it's not like there's a textbook squat form. I feel like everybody, there's certain fundamentals, but everybody has a different squat based on their femer length, their hip tightness, their back, their spine length, stuff like that. So, but I feel like people outrun it all the time. And so they'll try to squat too much in their hips, so their knees will cave in as they come up. And they don't take the time to strengthen their glutes on the outside to fix that. And their hip flexors and stuff like that. It's just an understanding of what's actually going on. It's not just squatting down and coming up. What are your muscles actually doing to allow you to do that? Yeah. I'd go on an alignment. I'll do it. I kind of make like little self promotion here for you, Doug, that if anybody was just happening to be traveling out to LA, could they hire you to say, hey, dude, I'm going to be in town for a week. Can I book a workout with you because I want to learn how to squat proper? Oh man, it happens all the time. I'd love to. I feel like I love to teach people to squat. I got a pretty good system of starting with a box squat and moving the way up. But it happens a lot. I get guys that I'm in town for the week and we come train and stuff like that. I've often thought about doing like, there's a couple Airbnb people, people that have little places in Venice and just set up a whole pack. Just like, come on, let's give you a place, show you the gym, introduce you to Charles, take your round seal, the famous people that run around and have a good time. That'd be like a meathead's dream and you could seriously pick up so much. Yeah. I do. I feel like the number one thing that holds a lot of people back including it, held meatback and I still recognize that there's still so much more to learn is our ability to perform an exercise properly. I could put you on the greatest diet in the world, right? But if you don't know how to train to get the activation we want, you're not going to be able to reach the results that you could. Well, that's the thing I think people don't, whether we're talking about the bodybuilders or not because I think there's plenty of competitors and athletes that don't have the level of muscle, mind muscle connection and activation that I think is necessary. But then even further, if you go to the layperson, it's just in their training. People don't even really understand the depth to which you can really take this and the amount of different feelings and activations and methods you can use. I mean, it's just, it's such a beautiful thing that people don't even really capitalize on at all. I feel like, well, of us do because we sit around and study at all the time, but, you know, it's, it's amazing. One of the most fascinating things is you know, like you're teaching somebody something like a lateral raise. And you don't even, it doesn't even look differently as far as, you know, from the outside eye by you tell them, no, think throw it away. Don't pick it up. It changes it completely. Yeah. Even though it's exactly the same. You know, it's, it's so wild to me. And there, every exercise has that. I mean, no, press through the ball of your feet, not your heel. Change this squat or leg press altogether, 100%. You know, all this, that was so cool. All right, I had a couple more. I think they're both back. So we got a lot of back stuff here. Now, this is a cable pull over, I believe. Oh, this is good one. Yeah. This is another one that I feel like I teach so much. And there's so many different ways that people do it, so many different things that people get into. It'll a lot of tricep activation. Yeah. It'll a lot of, a lot of, well, tricep mainly. And then just you miss the lats altogether. You miss what's supposed to happen because they're just pulling that weight down. And also the motion there. You know, how we, generally what I'll say is you're either cross country skiing or your donkey Kong running forward and jumping over a wall. You're seeing that. You're pushing down as you spread your chest apart and squeeze the back together. Just as if you were going to propel yourself forward. And you know, that's like everybody wants to run away from it. Like he's doing, he's pulling down, but he's running away from it. You know, pull your body into it. Like you're jumping over a fence or something, you know. And that, that one's good. I also don't like people to do it with such a narrow bar. I'd rather a rope or a white bar, so you can feel your scapulous clothes a little bit more around at the back side. Okay. It's a little unstable too in the sense that it's, if you don't have very good coordination or you've just started using this exercise, you're going to have a hard time getting everything even and getting that feel. I think even left to right, you know, through your scapula and through the muscles that you're actually trying to hit. Personally, I would, and this isn't taking a shot at the guy doing it. He may not have access to a bunch of equipment, but I would trade that bitch out for a good pullover machine or a dumbbell pullover in a heartbeat. You know, a dumbbell pullover time. You pullover machine will be lovely. But I see, I feel like the pullover machine hits the lats a little differently. Like the pullover machine will hit the lats lower and build that thickness down low. But I think the stretch here, I don't get on a pullover machine. But I think that also might be some of my just my dimensions being hard to fit into them a lot of the time. But yeah, the rest of us fit into it pullover machine quite easily. Well, when it goes literally hits my lats and stops. It's not of this one, it sucks. We've asked them to change the pads so many times they won't. I miss, you know, like the old hammer strength run with the plates behind it. Oh, yeah. I've got to say. Yeah. And hammer strength also makes a sure one that doesn't have a stop. So if you don't have a stop to bring the lever up, then you're not going to get enough stretch in the bottom position so that we don't want to pull the shoulders up. Just put it back. Yeah. We always got to have a partner that like pushes it for you to get your arms, but yeah, that's a week. We got that one. Yeah. All right. We got one more here. This is a dumbbell row. There's a more back. Get the volume. See if I can get this. There we go. And we can really. It is good that there's a lot of these back exercises because I've set it before. And I still believe that back training is the most complex and the most most grossly performed in accurately muscle group training that you're trying to get it out. You know what I mean? It's a lot of time. I think that incredibly. Yeah. Yeah. Most yeah, a lot of times, you know, I think that until you actually either really get into it or you get a trainer that knows what they're doing, you don't even really train back the way a bodybuilder should train back, especially. I mean, I agree with you 100%. You know, like there's so much arm and so much forearm and so much jerking and so much muscleing it up that, you know, I would bet a lot of guys go five years without a good actual lap pump. Yeah, I could see that. So what do you think about the bench set up first of all? What do you think about bent that, you know, using that as your support dug? I feel like that would get in my way. I wouldn't want anything in between my legs like that. I would turn around. I usually when I do it, I just put my hand on the top rack or the dumbbell. Okay. And the dumbbell rack behind him. I just do it off the rack. I like to do my dumbbell rows where you go. I square my feet and put most of the weight on my hand so that I'm really resting forward. And then I try to get a full 90 degree angle and just pull it like I'm holding a pistol. That's what I tell. I pull it like you're holding a pistol and that's the best way I can get a good stretch. And I try as hard as I can to imagine that I'm pulling my body straight down to the floor. That's one of the other things because everybody wants to lean back and really wrench it. And I mean, this is to this is supposed to stretch your lap all the way to the bottom and then pull the entire slab your whole back, the whole right side of your back up and through. So I like to try to stay really stationary and almost 90 degree angle. Which I haven't seen many people do it that way, but it's just I feel it so good on it. It's like just it just builds the thickness right through the middle of the back all the way down through the lap. If I do it like that as opposed to standing up like he is. I just yeah. And also if you stagger your feet like that, you're always going to twist a little bit and get some oblique in there. Which I also try to avoid. I try to keep my body completely still and pull around it. So I wondered if he was opening up that in and I don't know because I don't know what his thought process is. But I wondered if he was opening up that wide so that he didn't twist because he isn't I don't see much twist. He is pulling pretty straight relative to what I see a lot of in the gym. So I wonder if that's why he is. Is this a one of yours? Scott or something? Yeah, this is the same guy as before who was doing the horrible. The Dutch. He might be why he's going because I agree the stance is very why. But if it's keeping him from twisting, at least that would be logical and there would be the thought process would be this is why I'm doing it versus what we normally see which is like you say Doug that twist and that allows so much more weight to be pulled and I don't think it's a very efficient movement. Yeah, I agree. When I do it and we did I get a lot of these in my prep for for for New York to really try to thicken up my back and what I'll do is I'll rotate my hand so my thumb is pointed in worded 90 degrees and I'm more of this this way and I'm supposed to this way. And then I'll pull out first and then back. So it's almost like a swinging out and squeezing while keeping my body completely still and that allowed me to really move the entire hemisphere of my body and squeeze that spinal record together. That's just the way I've done them mostly. I feel like if I skip that. I won't like 110 instead of the 150 or somebody that can't go so as heavy. Yeah, I feel like when you skip the if you skip the out that you're talking about it gets it's a lot easier. You know what I'm saying if you just come straight up, it's the movement isn't nearly as hard and if something isn't as hard I have to ask myself what what what am I missing. You know what I mean? One other part of my body and my using besides the target muscle if it's not as difficult than the target muscle. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Andrew you've got a really extreme foot positioning with this. I think you and I are similar except for then you put your foot forward. What I think, okay, so like the traditional stance of your poem to your right arm is to have your left foot forward and your right hand back, right foot back, right? That's why I think when you go to the gym you see most people do it and I think you're going to make the exercise harder on your lap. The more you bring that right foot up in line with the left foot and even forward more so than the left foot. The reason being is that I don't see you guys can see me but you're cutting off the angle that your hips can rotate and therefore you're cutting off the angle that your torso can rotate. Okay. So I think and when you do that you're going to keep it more in the target tissue. And here's a case in point because we and I think you just mentioned a minute goes Scott when you feel like the exercise isn't as harder on the target tissue that it should be why is that. Yeah. And I think a real prime example, if I wanted to do my heaviest dumbbell, I would use my right foot back, my left foot forward and pull with the right arm to be able to cheat a little bit and get that towards the rotation. If I wanted to and if I cut that, if I do it the other way that I'm talking about that weight gets cut by 30 to 50 percent, 30 to 40 percent to get this to actually effectively and I'll feel it light up the ladder a lot more. Yeah. And I'll definitely say I would definitely chase that second method of doing it every time. You know, I'll take that over moving the weight every time. I think when you're younger you just want to see the weight go up and you want to see the weight that you're moving, you know, you want to feel like you're accomplishing something. And then you get to a certain point where you care less about that number that everyone sees you lifting and you care more about how you're internally feeling it, how it's hitting that target tissue and thus the progress that you're getting out of it. Which is the fun. I recommend that Doug was making earlier and I think it's really important because when people first start out, it is. It's a movement from A to B. You're moving away from A to B. You're benching, you're squatting. I think the art really comes into like you're saying, Andrew, it's the feel. When you're squatting, knowing what your hips are doing, knowing what everything feels like not just well, shit that I feel that in my quads and, you know, moving the point, the weight from point A to point B, which a lot of times and I don't know if you guys would agree, but I almost look at it as almost like a, if you can move a hundred, if you can move a weight for 10 reps at 100% of your strength. The training that you probably should be doing should be in that 80 to 90% instead of that hundred percent because it's about a feel. It's how everything, I call it the green room because that's a surfer reference for catching the perfect weight. It's everything feel fluid. It's everything feeling smooth and like it's a machine and the first rep looks like the fifth looks like the tenth, it might be a little slower, but it looks exactly the same and it feels the same. And I think that's one of the skills of training that people forget to think about, like, yeah, even though we're training to build muscle, you're also, you have to practice the skill of squatting and training and that's really where the skill comes in is being able to maintain your composure, under that pressure, and under that fatigue and still execute properly. It's something that only comes over time and being comfortable. You're not going to, you have to develop that comfort. I've often wondered if that's not a bigger part of, you know, like one's genetic advantage over somebody else is like, do some people inherently not have to struggle with activating their quads on a squat and then so they never really think about what's happening in their squat because well it works perfectly and my legs grow and so I feel good. And then, you know, there's guys like the rest of us that have to man squatting really sucked until I figured out how to put the foot placement and still like are there some people that just, they just know that inherently and that's just how they already move and then the rest of us have to learn it or not, I've often wondered like, it's at it. That seems to be more of a genetic advantage than actually having a better ability to grow tissue. Yeah, it's understanding the way to move without developing impingements, developing imbalances, you know, stuff like that. That's athleticism at it's hard really. Yeah, it really is. And that makes sense and there are going to be those people, you know, the people that just naturally are more coordinated, the people that just that naturally gravitate toward exercise or sports while somebody else, you know, gravitates towards art or, you know, science. I can see that for sure. I like that, man. That's all we got though here. That was awesome. That was fun. That was fun. That was really cool. There was a very different thing what we normally do too. I mean, I really appreciate you taking the time to hang out with those Doug. Thanks for having me on guys. I really appreciate it. Good. Yeah. Talking about training. So. Yeah. I need to do it again. I need to do it again. All right. We will rock the world guys. So if people want to get a whole you Doug, what's the best way to to find you on social media and anything else? It's grandma's good at Douglas Frusche. My email is pretty easy to remember. It's Doug Frusche at Gmail. My TikTok probably not so much. I'm just getting used to it. Every time you open that app, it like screams at you. Yeah. So I don't know what it's about. And it's very much. But Instagram is good and emails good always like like skip said I love talking about training and I just love seeing people get better. So if I can help in any way, let me know. Hell yeah. And I want to know if one of our listeners like heads out to California, they hired Doug, I want to see some video of that. So get some pictures. That would be cool. Yeah. It would be fun. Yeah. Make that happen. Sure. Yeah. Make that happen. No, what I just realized. What's that? I want to Instagram. Did you get a different Instagram or some point, Doug? I didn't follow you. What? Really? You said that, but I was like, oh, yeah, I feel like a fucking dick. Honestly. I don't know. Go, man. For a little while, I had somebody managing my Instagram and they kept doing that. They kept going through like deleting followers that you didn't know. That's got to be what it was because I know what all the people said that had to do since 2018 national. So okay. All right. I'm not offended. Don't worry, man. We all good. All right. Cool. Guys, if you want to reach out to a skipper and your for coaching team, skip.com or body, bury.com, hit me up, McNally diets at gmail.com and check out our great sponsors, Trinutrition.com. Use our code, think and supplement source.ca for you guys in Canada. Thanks again, Doug. We appreciate it. Rock the roll.