That's the United Babel for 10 minutes in Scott's sake. Hey, here's what you do. Start with a cup. If you don't grow at a cup when you're training. A next question. Simple. Why did this take you guys to not really end the whole basis of my five-minute Babel was keeping me simple. So we're doing, um, it's just body building. No episode number. Even though some people like the episode number, you guys are a few people. There were people. There were against Scott. They were like, what? But don't listen to them. Don't have been an addict. Don't listen to him. Don't let him stop. Don't let him stop you. Don't make him push you down. I like how they even went out of their way to say, like, I'm with Ron. Yeah. I even said I could care. No, you care to part of them. So. They're like, I don't believe him. It's just being nice. Yeah. I'm with Ron. Yeah. That's good. Okay. So what we're doing, we're doing, of course. We got Dusty Hanshaw, Scumming Now, myself, Ron Part Low. Um, like, share, subscribe, comment, ring the bell. Sorry. I did your thing, Dusty. I'm glad you did, because I'm focused on something. So we're good. So okay. He could move his arm. You do the arm thing. Ring the bell. Okay. Dusty's busy. He's got text to do stuff with your other things. I like how he does. I like how he does. I like how Dusty, he likes ringing the bell, because that's his thing. But he's not like emotionally attached to it. He's like, I don't care you do it today. You know, like some guys would feel like they got their toes stepped on. It was just not. You know, I don't have toes. We're good. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, and yes, do all those things actually. The like share, subscribe, comment, all that stuff actually does help. Scott shows us the back end of episode where we get more engagement on, you know, and it makes a big difference. Don't say I show you the back end. It's always about the back end. It goes like the back end. Remember there's a lot of the depth and thickness back there. Yeah, but we didn't know. Wait. So definitely, you know, and definitely helps. So we appreciate it. And also two thanks to mutant for not only, you know, working with Dusty and I, but also now working with Dusty. And we're going to do this. Dusty, I and Scott as supporters of the show. And they want to show the show. Do they get like a tax credit for doing all this stuff, especially in the It's people or how does that work? Yeah, there's like, they're probably, you probably pitched it to the account. Be creative. This one of you. I don't actually, I don't trust it. I don't actually want this to cost me money. Let's make this some kind of write off. Yeah. You got those. Yeah. That is listed as a charity on his on his taxes. Yeah. And make sense really. These four guys are doing nothing if we didn't help them. So yeah. Yeah, exactly. So so yeah, thanks to mutant. And of course, Dusty and I have codes. So if you want to go on IM mutant.com website and order your shit. Big Ron 20 and Dusty 20. And I thought about something. Ron, and this is yes, it's all about fairness. Okay, I thought the whole world was about being fair now. So here, if you live in Canada, use Ron's code. If you live in the United States. I knew it. I knew it. Exactly where that was going. No, why Ron, you can have all the Canadian orders. All 26. How about, how about, how about, how about, even if Dusty just took like the Eastern seaboard. Yeah. He would probably still, you know, fine. I'll take New York and California. All right, the right. There we go. Yeah. Okay. You know, we're not going to use the electoral college. We're just going to, you just take those two states and you'll rule the world. Okay, lesson. We'll keep it fair. Only the states that truly are red. Okay. Let's all. Okay, perfect. Moving on. Sure. I think Dusty and Truly. Oh, I go Dusty doesn't, he doesn't like get political, but he'll just like drop a nugget in and then walk away. Yeah. It's like remind people. It's like just like, stir remind people where he stands. And then he just walks away. It doesn't make a big deal out of it. It is for they can, but, you know, as because you're, you know, if I can live real. But whatever. Yeah. I went to Costco the next day and I picked up the chicken I needed and it was all good. Did you, did you guys happen to listen to the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the just ocean connection last. Um, that he got just had with Aaron Rogers. No. Um, so I, I watched. Uh, there's, you know, they put out those highlight clips. Yeah. Yeah. I watched one of the highlight clips. And I saw one where he tells him to vote Republican. Yes. So that was it. He was like, he goes, well, how do we solve that? He was Republican. And he did that. He just like walked it off and then he came back and he's like, well, over a million people changed from Democrat to Republican this year. So yeah, like, as a fat, I was dying. But that interview. Okay. I always liked Aaron Rogers, but every time he speaks, I like him more. Oh, okay. And you can tell that they're actually friends because at one point I realize that they forgot they were doing a show. And they're just talking. I live, I sense with a couple of people that like love Rogan and my friend Daniel was like, this is one of the best Rogan episodes I've ever seen. Oh, I'll have to watch it then. Oh, because it was very chill. Like, you know, nothing breaking happens. But it's a longest I've ever been able to watch a show straight through before I could come back. I was over an hour. One point, which for me, that's a three minute time spent typically. Right. Solid. Yeah. Okay. Check it out. Yeah. You know, I know what you mean. I used to watch Rogan all the time when I worked at the office. So a lot of people watching this program. Yeah. There's a lot of people who can't really. People who are in my job. People who are working right now while they're watching us. Yeah. Exactly. Working hard. Remember when I used to watch Rogan like all day like hundreds of episodes. And, you know, they're good because he's a great interviewer. But then there's like the odd episode where you're like, oh, that was like, really great. And it's usually just because the guest is really cool and is willing to tell the big stories and the inside scoops and you know what I mean? I remember Jake the snake. That episode was fucking nuts. Like I remember watching it and just being like, holy fuck. You know, and dig this for the same reason because Aaron Rogers says things during this interview. I know the NFL was like, mother fucker. Right. No kidding. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Gold. Yeah. Absolutely. Gold plus. You know, typically Rogan makes him a great interviewer. He speaks like 15% of the time. He has his, yes, do their thing. These two were just chatting. They, I look up and look at the screen to see if like the steak and rice and the pizza, the margarita pizza had showed up. And they were just, you know, at our roles. Yeah. Yeah. I like that. And there's also, I really enjoyed a Lex Friedman episode this week. It was, I can't remember the guy's name, but he's a former CIA agent. And he had him on. And he was like pretty liberal with some of the stories he told. Like always surprised at some of the stuff that he was able to say and he felt comfortable saying because you know, he was in the CIA for like years. And you know, like he asked him, Lex asked him, do you think Jeffrey Epstein was in contact with an intelligence agency like Mossad or the CIA or somebody? And he just goes, oh, absolutely. There's no way you have that network of friends and you haven't been reached out to at least reached out to or are in contact whether you know it or not with someone from like a really high level intelligence agency somewhere in the world that it probably concerned with, you know, someone that you're hanging out with or someone that you're doing business with or something that's going on. And he just said that Epstein with his guest list on his airplane and who he hung out with, it was absolutely in contact with somebody, whether it be the CIA or Mossad or you know, there's lots of rumors, right? So just stuff like that, but it was a great interview because he's he talked a lot about like, how much, like, it's it's crazy how, how in depth they're willing to go to get close to someone if they really need to, you know, like you're still like establishing completely fictitious relationships for long periods of time, like stuff like that just really, really crazy what they'll do if they need to, you know, get information from you. I got to hear that one. That's so fascinating. They do that when like, do you remember when the whole bus went down all the pro hormones, like, yeah, very first time. Yeah, of course. So the company that I was with was one of them that got rated. And what was crazy was they were ordering their products for two years. Goes to establishing. Yeah. Just like the role. That's why it's funny when when some of these other companies that got busted over last few years and thought they were getting away with them, like, they don't knock until your fucked. Right. Right. Don't knock. Completely completely fucked. Like, so the idea that you think you're walking out of that cell, I'm going to really go to turn you some of the day. You're fucked. Yeah. Yeah. I know what you mean. You're like, how are you? Pretty no words. I used a lot of them. Yeah. I can say not to say everything. Yeah. I know. How's the week been generally what's the news with dusty? The week has been crazy because now, you know, our travel schedule, which we are discussed is kicked up. So I've got my flights for England set, the flights for Dubai set. The house is going to be done on the 29th. I got Rogan on the 30th and Atlanta. I added a Georgia game in two weeks in South Carolina that I had to go to. I like to just what you what to what you mean, what what you mean in a Georgia game. Oh, in the south, you say Georgia, that just means football immediately. Right. You're a university like you're going to come over what? Yes, but not Georgia Tech. I can't say, oh, it wasn't in the camera. It looks like Bulldogs. Okay. Yes, sir. So what's that? During the state. Like what's it? I know there's so many schools. What's it? What's this school called? Just have to say Georgia and you're all say Georgia. But no, it's, you know, there's just some little team that won the National Championship last year. This is an interesting fact. You'll like Ron. So Georgia's always been good. Yeah, but Alabama is better. Just they win. They just win just the way it is. And the coach of Alabama actually is protege is the coach of Georgia. So when I moved to the south, it's like they freaking lock me in a room and they're like, you need a team. That's how it fucking works down here. If you're going to live here, you need a team. So I did what any man's man would do. What I was like, what team is red and black? My favorite coach. I'm going to have to wear a hat. I'm sure it's a whole thing to match. I got all the, like the red shocks. What am I going to do? That he church green right? Yeah, red shocks. So I could also like I could use navy blue. It's a possibility and there can be some gray, but other than that, all the other teams are out there. Yeah, can't be like an orange and pale blue tone or something like that. That's just not going to work. You know, so I watched a couple games and I really like their defense. Okay. So I was like, all right, that's my team, which someone called front running, but it's red and black. I mean, I hate to point this out, but Ron, you didn't use to be red and black until I can. Anyways, back to the thing. So he is correct. They are cruising along being the second best. The only thing that changed last year was me and then they won. That's not a coincidence. Who's I changed the game? Who's phone is on? I got to ask somebody else. We will get to the other place. We get to love people who say, you know, hey, there's, who's phone's ringing the whole time. Can't turn it on for them. I can't. Okay. I'm just checking. I'm just checking. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank you. There'd be way more ringing on my. But anyways, so yeah, now I've saved Georgia Bulldogs. They're winning now. And so much so wrong that the cigar bar like they only have a couple of TVs in the section. I like. So I call the head and was like, can I pay and reserve my seats for the game? He was like, uh, sure. So bam, now I reserve seating for the games. You just call the head and pay a little money in your own sense. Just like anywhere else. It's amazing. And that's funny. That's funny. You're like, you're like, you've moved. How long ago did you move? Little over a year. I've changed every year. So he's moved less than a year ago. And it's over a year. It's over over a year. He's over. No, he's built a house. He's got Jack Nicholson seating at the cigar bar for Georgia Bulldog games. There you go. There you go. And so you've like, you're like the king of Kensington already. This is like talking through town. You're just like, strolling down the street like, hey, so. With my boots on with your boots on. Right. There you go. Yeah. Let's hit the team. It's a serious thing. We did the same thing with my friend. We, he came down in for Boston immediately shook him down. He had a little bit more creative way. This is the other U-run Rob. So what he went with was SEC team with hottest chicks. Then he wanted a, what's SEC? It's this is a lot for Canadian. It's just one of the, it's the best. You believe it that. It was like the time like one of the last. It doesn't seem to me. Yes. Yes. Okay. You didn't know. And packed and, and then so what's SEC stand for? It's so feasting conference? Sure. Why not? Fuck if I don't do it. I'm new to this game. Well, it's got to mean something, right? I need to know it. And have to have a happy, it doesn't mean red and black. Remember, I chose a team place on colors. You're trying to get into this. You're fucking everything up here. That's right. He said, all right. hottest chicks. Then he was like, all right, who has a mascot that's problematic and has been banned? And then he was like, I need like a scumbag coach. A real dick bag. He get his sexual scandals or drug. But he was looking for things, right? So he selects Ole Miss. Okay. That's who he goes with. I understood his angles, but then we're watching the game together the other day. And it's the end of the half, okay? They're up 21 math and Detroit, which is a team that just sucks. Okay. You're already up 21 math and usually just let things roll. So there's, they're going for a field goal to get on the board. They're coach right before they kick calls, calls a timeout. Just that's what you do against a great team at the end of fuck them up. Not when you're all ready to die. I looked at Rob and I'm like, you made a good choice. This guy's a dick. He's a dick. Yeah. So that was it. You know, and that's that his selection was much, but much more in depth than mine. You know, that's funny. Who went into like whether the coach was like an asshole. I like that. Yeah, the whole set up. So you think it's, it's interesting. I, I'm interested in your move. You know, I know there's such a huge like the states is like, to me, I see the states as every different like main area, like you got the Midwest and the south and, you know, you know, New York area and you know, I don't know what you call all the stuff. Yeah. But there's like a real like identity that most of the people from that area seem to be like, no, yeah. In what I'm saying, all is it is a religion that everyone believes in. Yeah, it's just, you know, it's crazy. Like this old Jesus thing is questionable for a lot of people football. I fucking was no question. We can, we can agree to disagree on the whole Savior situation, but not on football. So yeah, it's a big thing. Okay. Fun folks. That is funny. Okay. What about Scott? Yeah, your birthday. Yeah. Yeah. It's actually tomorrow. So, but it was that like my birthday. I guess so this is a thing. I didn't know this until Victoria's birthday, which was in July. We had like the birthday week. The week. So it is the week. You get to kind of spread it out a little bit. So it's my, this is my birthday week. Is that what they're doing? What? I don't know. It's okay. Yeah. I guess so. But so we went on sad Friday. Because that's our date day. Yeah, we take the day off. Although I upload a podcast every Friday morning, then we went to the zoo to try to do it. It was fun. We got to see all the animals, giraffes. I saw a fuck. Well, there are three of them. Gorillas. And I swear to God, because I hadn't been to the zoo in a long time. Like those things are so insane. Like I'm wondering, you know, I wonder, I had some pictures. I wonder if I can pull this out. Like literally we're talking like these things look like bodybuilders. Here's a video. But like that thing is insane. Like the muscle on these things is just insane. Here's another shot here. And it's like you're walking around. You're looking at these things. It was kind of like looking at, I can't get the other one to come up. But it's like you're looking at all these animals and animals. And you're like, oh, there's an an eater. And there's a bear. And when you see the gorilla, it's like, oh, my God, I'm looking at a human being. A gigantic human being. And you feel like I shouldn't stare at that. It's like you're staring at a person. It was weird. But with like Ronnie Coleman last. Just hanging down Ronnie Coleman last. Ronnie Coleman Coleman hamstrings glutes like the whole nine yards. So anyway, that was fun. Was good. Yeah, it's a power of genetics. Yeah. Yeah, that's running. You know, yeah, pretty crazy power of genetics. Like, they don't, you know, they don't lift weights. They don't eat much. They don't eat any meat. Yeah. They can. But typically, you know, so it's kind of crazy. They're just sitting there at first, though. You know, and the one was just kind of sitting there, like, just days and like looking off, like he was thinking. And that's, that's the one I saw first and he was facing away. And like I said, you could just see like the lat hang in with that. Like Ronnie Coleman, like lower lat hang. And I was just like, wow, that's some power there. And then a few minutes later, they were playing. But they're playing looked really intense. Like I got to see the like pounding on the chest and like the running at each other really hard. Like it was, it was like, if there was anything in that zoo that was kind of scary, it was the gorillas, man. They were, they were cool. They were cool to look at. So that was fun. If they played with us, we would die. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I think they can. Man, that's. There's, there's so strong. Okay. We have YouTube questions. Oh, no, I. Oh, what did you present? Oh, you present. You bought yourself a birthday present. You bought some of your things. She just got a show. I showed Ron this dusty before. Well, I was logged off of the 72nd time. Yes. Yeah. So I did get myself a birthday present. This is, uh, I always wanted an AK47. Like since I was a little bit. When you absolutely positively got to kill every mother fucker in the room, except a nose substitute. Yeah, so fat. So come on, who knows that movie? Who knows that movie? Come on. Let the listeners, the listeners can report in. So yeah, this is a you go as they call it. You go variation AK. Basically, this one was made in Serbia, former Yugoslavia. And, uh, the, some slight differences from like the Russian ones, the Romanian ones. But this one in particular is known as, we call them here a cranker a crank off. By the way, I should probably make sure it's empty. Don't shoot through the ceiling. I know it was empty, but I wanted to do this part. For everybody else. So this is like a shortened version. It's technically a pistol. Leave it or not. And yeah, it's technically a pistol because the barrel's only 10 inches. Now, the thing is, you don't get to say that very often. Yeah. They don't. You wouldn't see these like like a standard person in the military. Wouldn't be carrying it around. But the guys who would have it would be like the tank guys or like the the chopper guys, the people that needed to have it, like something that was compact, you know, and that's why it has like, I've got the collapse of a brace on it and everything. And I was telling Ron that these were thought of in certain places in the world as like a trophy. Because if you could get one of these as a battlefield pick up, that means that you took out a tank or you know, you took out a chopper or something like that. So you grab that motherfucker. You take that home. That would be one hell of a trophy. But yeah, it's, you know, same technology is like they used in 1947. Like it's very simple. Very few moving parts. I think there might be like a paper clip in there holding it all together. You know, it's a little duct tape. You know, a little paper. Love that. I love that scene and that Lord of War movie with Nicholas Cage where he explains the AK47. Yeah, you can see them. Remember that scene? No. Yeah. You see the movie. Forge steel and plywood. It doesn't break jam or overheat. It will shoot whether it's covered in mud or filled with sand. Yeah, I need to see this. You, you've seen Lord of War where Nicholas Cage is a gun dealer, arms dealer. That's like one of his best movies. It was like, it doesn't have any good movies. Right this time. Yeah, Lord of War, watch that. It's great. I highly recommend that. You see that. It's got to be. No, I didn't see it. Really? Look at what we said about to hang up on us. This is it. Oh, it's like required viewing if you like guns. Okay, sorry. I actually, I actually saved that Ron says shit all the time during the show. And I'm like, oh, yeah, and then I'm like, I don't want to text him. That's weird. I don't remember. Fuck. So I just not just record them all. Ron is thems. There's a couple things I am going to do with this like this thing on the front here. This is called a booster. So it helps to create more back pressure, but you can get like different muscle devices in the thing about pressure. Like the back pressure will help to make sure that the bolt cycles. So it looks like that. So it's it kind of like cuts off some of the power going out, but without that, this thing shoots like three foot fireballs when you pull the trigger, which is kind of cool. Like this motherfucker is loud. Like this is a with the short barrel. There's hardly any barrel before the bullet leaves. So like the dwell time and the powder burning like there will be burning powder that comes out the front of that. So they actually make muscle devices that will accentuate that. Like and make the pop louder and make the flame look bigger. So I'm kind of thinking about getting nice. Just kind of an obnoxious little gun. You know what I'm saying? When are we going to get a video of you shooting this? You know, I work on that. I'll work on that. That's not an answer. What is with you guys? Like how about Tuesday? Of next week. Perfect. We can do that. We can do that. I'll succeed. We'll put it on the next episode. Thanks you. So yeah, this is fun. You know, it's fun. 7.62 39 millimeter. It's a it's nice. It's fun. It's like a really it's a definitely the most powerful gun that I have. That's there's no question. And Victoria's shoot. She's not a fan. She's from Canada. No fence around. The fence is a really modest path Canadian now because he hangs out with me. So we're cool. Yeah. Wow. Success. Ron, you haven't told us what you're doing. You're ready to change the subject. What have you done? What did you do this weekend? The world wants to know. I uh, what did I do this weekend? I just did my thing. My my typical weekend is just work on my phone a lot. Spend as much time at the gym as I can Saturday, like morning, afternoon, you know, be there when it's busy. Um, you know, fixed some equipment, you know, it's made per work. That's sort of shit. And then I got out on the bike. Had a couple of sessions on the bike. Had a good session on the guitar the other night. Had a date night where we got some girls. Yes. And uh, yeah, just a fucking great weekend, you know, snuck an app in here and there. You know, I'm already from Monday morning. Nice. What's a holiday since you're half American so you can relax. Well, yeah, we're open normal hours with the gym. So I'm fascinated with this whole like the idea of a holiday where you get off from work when the holiday is Labor Day. Yes, when you get to work. I thought that this morning, I got to fucking gym and it was slammed. I'm like, oh, Monday to Friday. This is my time. You all assholes have work. Go. Go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, no, sorry. Yeah. I don't experience holidays. Like, I don't nothing like those all those stat holidays that roll around. You know, all those long weekend Mondays and stuff that doesn't affect anything in my life. Yes, funny. Like, I don't think for any of us. I don't think for any of us. You know, I don't think any of us. Forget. I'll roll into the gym at noon expecting to see the noon crowd. And I see like the Saturday crowd. I'm like, what the fangus is the Saturday crowd here? Oh, right. It's a holiday Monday. Like, I don't even fucking think about it. I find it weird when people will say like, I had someone say that. They shot me a DM. Happy Labor Day. The fuck is that me? Why would you send me that? Well, some people, it's different, you know? They're like, oh, yeah, I get Friday. You know, I get Saturday, Sunday and Monday. Oh, yeah. So they're really back. They're enjoying it. Yeah. Yeah. But it just seemed like a different thing, you know? I got it. If I would have said that to you, it'd be like, Huh, okay. Yeah, I guess. I do have something. I was like, I'm going to get back to work. Okay. Yeah. I was like, I don't know what to do with this. And I'll be rude. I just want to answer. I'll wait. That's rude. That's fine. I think that it says more about Dusty just handling a nice gesture. He just doesn't even know how to handle a nice gesture. Yeah. So it was like, hey, happy Labor Day. And he's like, what was this strange person saying? Probably the things in my direction. Poor member. I don't even open DMs. Not giving you any money. I'm not giving you any money. Go. You're not my son. Oh, yeah. All right. Cool. Okay. We're back. So we got some YouTube questions. I'm sure there's a few or some comments that we got to mention. Or we've got a bunch. We've got a bunch. What about? No, I know, Afro-Grin is more popular up there in Canada, because it's kind of legal still versus here. Yeah. This is the first one we have from Jeremy. He says question for the next podcast. Can you guys discuss Afro-Grin? Uses protocols, side effects, et cetera. I love a fedron. I love a fedron. And that's the other question. I remember somebody else asked us, mate, it was for a different show. I think do you pronounce it a fedron or a fedron? And it sounds like I do the effigrant. You guys do the a fedron. Yes. I don't know which one is right. Feds are here. But yeah, I say a fedron. There's also a fedron. Yeah. Yeah. They think I need to add a little it's the effedron, which is all shit. But yeah, it's not the same. Not the same at all. I love love defedron. In fact, Ron knows when I got a candle, I would load up and bring it back. And I don't know if I'm just saying that out loud. But because I use that my entire competitive career, instead of climb a hate fund. Really? OK. Love effedron. I would work up to 50 milligrams twice a day with 200 milligrams of caffeine and an aspirin. Good to get. You did the full. You did the full stack. Oh yeah. Yeah. I probably kill a bear. But I was very strong out on lots of different thermals at that point. So I did nothing. If I were to take 50 migs of a fedron now, I can only imagine. Oh, I'll be a mess. Oh, yeah. Yeah. So my effedron tail starts when the very first effedron hit the market in like 1990. And it was called diemeticering 25. And there were 25 milligrams of effedron. And there were 100 in a bottle. And you could also get the cheap ones called many things. I remember those. Yeah. That were like at the time they were like 20 milligrams, I think. OK. But we would get the diemeticering 25s because they just sold them at the gym on the shelf. This got them in the supplement department. And you just went and bought a bottle of diemeticron. And you take one pre-workout with a coffee. You know, so it's like 25 a fedron with probably 100 caffeine. And you go to the gym and you just have these fucking crank workouts. Because you're just like, and then on leg day, you take two. Of course. And you go to the gym and you're already vibrating. And you're already dripping sweat before you even start running. And you have this crazy workout. And then you feel like absolute garbage afterwards. Yeah. And you think it's just because you train so fucking hard. That you feel like garbage. You're coming off of that for you do that for like two years straight before you put together that maybe the massive stimulant is like unhealthy for you because you're a mess. You know, when you start training like with much less stimulant and you realize that there's like a point where things don't get better. Yeah. You know. I never got to that point where you realized that. They just took them off the market. Do you remember they had the drinks? I used to love. I sold a billion dollars with I appreciate them for buying my first house. Wasn't there like a turbo T that had a fedron in it? All of them. You had speed stack, grip force, extreme grip force. All of them had it in man A, taste delicious. Some of them like speed stacks for like five or ten calories. The extreme grip force was like a hundred but I mean it was like a crannaple juice. It was delicious. I used to get to work when I first started working in a sub much shop and the first thing I would do was spend the money I was going to make in my first hour of work by drinking one of those and having a bar. There you go. Took some time to realize that I was poor and needed to stop doing that. But it was you'd walk in like half dead and then like you know a quarter of the way through you're like, can I help you? You and the guys that can you leave me alone? Follow me. What about an ultimate orange? You guys ever used that one? Yes. Yeah so I remember there was a guy at the gym who had like the original ultimate orange. Yeah. And I remember I had some of it and that was probably the first time that I ingested a fedron. Yeah because I think that was even before the die meditrons were on the shelf. And then there was like a Canadian version of ultimate orange that didn't have a fedron in and I think. Oh yeah. Like a very short period of time and then it seemed to disappear off the market. You know, what was your experience with it? You try it? I did. I didn't remember it. Like I didn't know about it at the time. So I didn't have a very good understanding and I remember pouring myself a glass of water and mixing the ultimate orange in and then I'd like be in my parents' basement at like you know 13 perfect age to start using an affidron right? 14. Probably like 14 15. I remember taking a big old slug of it and then grabbing that curl bar like boom boom, pumping out a bunch of curls and then taking another slug. I'd be like all right, I'm ready for my next set. You know like I actually was thinking like you drink it and then you just go. Right. You know so I didn't I don't think the timing probably worked out pretty well. Yeah by the end of the workout. Yeah. Really ready to go. Yeah. Yeah. By the end. Yeah. That's the most good idea. I was getting second wind. Yeah. Like people used to come in looking for the original because it was before me and we carried an ultimate orange but it wasn't the same. Yeah. So they would come in and ask you have the original. I'm like I have that one if I had the original be fucking old. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. There was this stuff. That's the guy sent the Labor Day text. Anyways. This might have been like like more in the the era that you had supplement shops Do you guys remember a product called craze? It was a pre workout range. I don't know. So it was taken off the market eventually because it had like some sort of real actual like drug illegal drug in it. But I had one tub of that and I remember that I use that stuff at like 4 p.m. Get my workout in you know five to six to you know get home at seven eat. And at the time my girlfriend worked in Midnight Shift. So it'd be like her day off. So she'd get over the house at like 10 o'clock at night. And then we'd stay up for a few hours and I just remember like it'd be like 10 11 at night and not just be like talking talking talking still and just like why to wake. And it's like hours after my workout and I came to the conclusion like I think there's something different about that pre workout and then the home behold they took it off the market. That would have been the point where I bought as many. Yeah. They a lot of people did that too. Like. Good. I think totally different. Like this doesn't seem safe. How many do you guys have? Yeah. I have a credit card and we're fucking getting this done. I remember that might that like I had a similar thing with one three dime methyl. Yes. The first one one MR. Is that what it was? Yes. I remember that one MR. I remember that one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I had one three dime methyl in it and you know I tried that and had like the more crazy workout and then passed out in my car on the parking lot. Whew. And slept for like 30 minutes post workout and drilled all over my shirt with my car running. And I woke up and my phones on the floor and I'm asleep but drilled all over me. And I'm like holy fuck. And then the next day I take it again and go train and have a killer workout and I go to safe way and I'm checking my phone in the parking lot and I fall asleep and the safe way parking lot with my car running. Oh shit. It's like winter time, right? So I'm sitting in my car and it's running. I fall asleep and I wake up on my thumbs on the keypad. So it's like JJ JJ JJ JJ JJ JJ JJ. You know, I fucking slobber all over me. I'm like this fucking pre workout is crashing me. Yeah. Then I go home and eat my post workout meal and pass it on the couch. And my girlfriend maybe that was a good thing though because think about that immediate recovery you were getting. I could sell this shit. But this is good for you wrong trust me. Immediately drops you into this good deep sleep. Yeah, you're in rem. You're in rem. Yeah. Yeah. No good. Yeah, no good. I'm killing me. All right. See what else we got here. All right. Training question for the show. What are your thoughts on the idea of using low rep warm upsets compared to higher rep warm upsets? On big exercises, I go 8, 6, 4, 1 progressively getting heavier up to one to two working sets all the best labs. It's a good question. And you know what? I mean, I actually kind of go almost workout to workout on that depending on how I'm feeling. I do generally do a little bit higher rep on my warm ups now because you know, I'm just trying to be really, really, you know, I'd rather expand a bit of strength warming up and not be so concerned with my top sets as they say, you know what I mean? I'm more concerned about just like training perfectly pain free and mechanically correct and being, you know, very able to continue to train without any interruption. And that's my priority. So, um, so, you know, I know there's a certain amount of calculated risk that we do in everything. So that's, you know, part of that choice, you know, I think that he says he goes down to one rep, which I think, I think that's too low. I think that's kind of nonsense. I think there's something about moving. You've got to move your last warm up like you, you know, your prep set, your final prep set. You've got to move it for like, I just think mechanically I would need a lot more, you know, sorry. You do have been on the lip. Oh, because if I was doing red myself, because I don't want to like do two or three reps with, you know, six hundred pounds if I'm going to 700. That's like, and so the way I do it's like an intro, it's like, okay, I don't want to go from, because I usually would just add a plate like on dead. Right. Right. So, you know, it would be like 10 pounds or 10 reps with 135. Yeah, this would be a, you know, good example. Yeah, where all the seconds I go get, I definitely want to jump straight to seven. I guess that's relaxing, like pressing. You're going to lap hold down right now and I totally agree with you. Yeah. Yeah, like I get to do like a one rep lap pull down camera from there. I'm very upset now. Why'd you bother? Yeah, good point. But yeah, generally, you know, it's like, I'm like, I do tens on everything at least. You know, even 20s. So yeah. Yeah, we did that when we did ours. It was Ron was doing 20s on every warm up. And then we were shooting for as many as we could get with the heavyweight. But it's like, that's one of the things that are funny about videos that people don't realize. So we don't typically put an entire sex. Somebody wants to watch that. Yeah. But like, if you ever did, it's important to know what led up to it. Sure. Because if, you know, we probably did five touch sets, at least four. So, you know, he's at a hundred reps before he started. Right. The actual. And we're not talking about like small jumps. I think we're going up 180 pounds at a time. You know, so he's got, say, 12 or 14 plates aside for a set of 20 before the work is set, you know. Yeah. But. But. So if you run it, it's important to work out to work out. You know, and for legs to me now, it's always the reps. Yesterday, I literally decided to try something different because I was smoked after doing Smiths and a, um, Sissy squat leg press. I put, I think, 10 plates total on the leg press. I was like, all right, I'm going to do 30 reps. Then stop, take three breaths, do five reps, stop, take and just go. So I was five reps, rest real quick, new again. The rest were hurting more than just keep going. And I was like, all right, I'm just going to try to get a hundred and only 10 plates at 75. I was like, fuck you, we're done. Yeah, yeah, 100 reps is crazy. It's done a few hundred reps sets. Yeah, I don't know. I remember I played five plates. That's brutal for a hundred. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I, that's what I had yesterday and trust to believe 100 was not possible. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So that's the best. The workout was funny, Scott, here's, I was doing like, you know, warmups of 20. Right. And then when I actually get to my working weight, I fail at like 14. Okay. You know what I mean? Yeah. And then dusty, dusty does like warm upsets of 10. And then when he gets to the same weight that I got 14 with, he gets 50. Yeah, I believe the full one on the last one. Don't tell anyone about the warm ups. Yeah, yeah. But you know what? I, there's, there's, I think, okay. So when I first started understanding how to lift weights, I knew that I had to warm up the muscle. And I think later you start learning that part of the warm-up is like warming up your central nervous system too. It's rehearsal. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because like you ever go in the gym and you lift this is what I tell clients too. It's like you ever go in the gym and you lift a weight. And let's say you get seven wraps on it. And then you do a second set with the exact same weight. And now you got 11. It's like that it feels lighter that second time. It didn't get any lighter. But your central nervous system was more keyed up. So I think my answer to him is whatever it takes to get that central nervous, get the muscle warmed up, but get that, you know, CNS, queued up and ready to like dusty do for the 50. I could only imagine what that set was like. There's long. Yeah. Yeah. You know what? It's, it's, it's, it's, when you get older and on the whole this guy is, you guys might relate to this on anything pressing upper body. I'll do 135 for 10 and it feels like a pain and pull and take. And I'll wait a minute. I'll do it again and it feels flawless. Yeah. Like now it's moving. He'd like, oh, I think so I always do that first warm up twice on upper body. I have to. And it's, it's literally like I'm in a different body one minute later when I do it again. I don't think God, I get a lot of that like back. Yeah. Okay. I get a lot of that with back. Yeah. We're old people. Yeah. Yeah. All right. See those we got here. Um, um, you know, has dusty or Ron notice when training progressive overload following a log book that you change out movements for smaller body parts more frequently than larger movements, such as bench press, military press, studs, etc. Thanks guys. I don't really recall having that observation. I know that I didn't put as much like concern into my numbers on certain things. Because it is like, I don't know like preacher curls or just like so technical. I would like not force the progression on those things as much as I would unlike say an incline barbell press or something. But yeah, I don't really remember like swapping them out more or less. But does he probably log booked a lot longer than I did? What's very, I mean, what you said is a home so accurate is there's two tools of thought. A lot of people they remove and exercise as soon as they're not progressing on it. And obviously you're not going to be progressing on a strict curl the same way you are on a leg press. Yeah. So it'll go quicker. I'm with you Ron actually though. I didn't change him out as often. What I was obsessive about was, okay, but how did I feel it today? Yeah. So I could get the same reps. Now this is where it gets a little choppy for people that are log bookers is their sole obsessed with the number going up that they actually start cheating. Yeah, it doesn't want to be worse. You know, it's like, well, you said if you cheat 1% and I'm doing the same movement anymore. So I found that what I would do is get really technical or Dante's having some things like make sure that's a full stretch at the bottom in a pause. Then come back up. You know, those little tweaks I was like, oh shit that hurt way more. I'm down to reps actually, but it was better. You know what I mean? Then I'd build that one back up, things like that. So I agree with you. I'm just on that Ron. Okay. Oh boy. At least we agree. Oh boy. Then listening since episode 1, love the show. Sirius question. Sirius. Since Ron eats pizza with a fork. When eating a cinnamon roll does he follow the bread around the roll. So everything is evenly dispersed or is he one of the animals that eats it from one side to the other instead of saving the center for the final bite? This is my best friend. I just don't know. I don't know. That's funny. That's funny. I would probably. I would tear away at the roll and I would follow it around. That's acceptable. But with your hands you're lying right now. You're fucking lying to every one of these. We're just family. That's a dirty, senior old's messy. You're really going to do that. That's fine. That's fine. It's baked good. It's different than savories. Oh, wow. Okay. You don't understand. It's a very strong story. I'm going to have to film this because I love the cinnamon. Oh shit. Oh they're crazy. That's been a long time. I like that he kept the bias out of it by saying or is he one of them animals. Yeah. Yeah. Go biased. It just powers through the cinnamon roll from one side to the other, breaking all the little barriers that are inside of it. You just write them out. Yeah. Center is the final bite because it's the best bite. Yeah, after that you can't go back to the outside, you know. No. No. No. No. No. No. Great question. Great question. We can cut the show now. Yeah. Look, he's got one for us again. There we go. It's just a question for the next show. Being with mutant or any other supplement brand, how it impacts your life is sponsorships, critical or are they just in an addition? Well, I mean, I just super fortunate to have such a good relationship with the people of that company. So, I mean, it's crucial to what I do because it's a big part of it. And I really like having it in my list of things that I'm a part of, you know. I don't know. I mean, it's 100% positive for me. I imagine there's people out there that maybe have like, you know, deal their locked into that they can't get out of or something, but, you know. I don't know. I think when he says crucial, um, a lot of people are hunting for a sponsorship. Like they think it's going to some magically like, well, now I have this brand behind me. It's not how it works, you know. So, I think it's really important like Ron said that you're connecting, it's the same way you connect with people. Like it has to work. I mean, for example, the mutant right now, every single athlete on the team gets along. Like, so it's very, let me even if they bring some new in, we discuss. What's it going to, you know, do you know them? Is it going to work with our team? You don't want to fuck it up. You know, you bring in one person that doesn't click and you're, you've kind of screwed. But like Ron said, I mean, when you have the right one, it's absolutely amazing. Because I think, for example, Jamie's going to find that out over this year, because it's just a totally different thing. It's they're very concerned. Okay, you're competing this weekend and we have an event. We'd love you to be at the booth when you can't the end. That's cool. Like other brands are like, cool. It opens up at 10, close it. See there. Bring your meals. Yeah, I mean, they don't give a fuck like that's not their thing. So, and for me, it's been crucial because it's helped. I mean, the enjoyment process is unreal. I mean, we travel. It's like, I mean, it's literally reminds me of my hockey and going on the road. Like, it's fun. Everything about the trip, even the work is fun. And the last thing is of course it's crucial. It's money. I mean, you know, if you have, if you have extra money coming in no matter what the number is, my first paid sponsorship was 500 bucks a month. And at the time, I was not, you know, wasn't making much money. That was enormous. Sure. I was like, holy shit. I have 500 extra dollars, you know, to do stuff with. So, crucial, but make sure it's the right one. And also, you know, my big push for people is everybody wants a sponsor. But really, they're asking for a free money. Like, what do you offer? Give them a reason to want you. There's a reason that Ron has been with mutant since they signed him because they give him enough value, including a retired that they're like, like, you're the face of the company. There's no fucking way you're going anywhere. Appreciate that. Yeah. So, that's what I'll say. I'll add it. Like, let's say the opposite. Just, and I'm going to speak, like companies in general, that you, if you look at what they're going to offer you to. Because I do see a lot of people, a lot of younger folks, that are looking for that sponsorship. And somebody says shows some sort of interest. Maybe it's even just a comment on their post. Hey, you should, massive DM us, you know, for info and becoming an ambassador, you know? And you got to be careful, I think, because I do think that there are companies that are cutting a lot of corners nowadays by not doing any advertising, but just relying on you to do all their marketing forum. And what do you really get in return with your code? You know, if you get 20% off of the products, you know, or something like that, if you use your own code. You know, I don't know. Just a thought that I do see a lot of people that I feel are maybe, I don't know if to getting taken advantage of is the right word, because they're not really offering those companies a ton. But the companies aren't offering them much either. They probably be better off just not being involved with some of those, some of those companies might have. Right, you know? Yeah, I'm satisfied for sure, because it fucks up the game, too. Like, I, when this first start happening and guys just wanted to be with a brand for anything. I was like, no one's going to get paid if you keep doing it for free. Yeah, you know, I mean, like literally a couple examples, when I got done with the USA's, I don't want to say, but a magazine said, hey, we want to shoot you tomorrow. I said, oh, cool. How much? What do you mean how much? It's like how much are you going to pay me? We're going to put you in the magazine. I think of fuck. I'm buying the magazines. How much are you going to pay me? And literally they're like, we don't pay anymore. Okay, cool. I won't do it. They paid me a thousand dollars. Oh, no shit. Yeah, because why the hell would I care? Like, I can't pay my mortgage with a, well, I didn't have all the money, but check out this. I want page 726. I'll give you an autograph. Like, I don't work for me. And I thought that was wild. And then the story with me, and it was different, was Ron and I actually, Ron kind of worked my whole deal out with mutant. And they sent me every product they made. Let me try them. And when I flew out, flew up to Vancouver, I met the owner in the very first thing he said, actually, it was before I went, I'm sorry. He meant me, he said, I want to let you know, this is so you can check us out. We have a deal waiting for you. And let us know when you're ready if you want to sign it, but there's no pressure, even though we flew you to Canada, put you in a hotel. Let me know. You know, when I'm going to talk about 7 minutes, I'm going to give me that piece of paper. But you know, even those words, it's like, you're going to invest all this money. And if I don't got a good fit, I'm going to cool no problem. See you. You know, that's a good company. Alright, see those we got here. I love the show. This is a comment here, too. He says, Sheppards Pi is with lamb, cottage pie is with beef. We were talking about Sheppards Pi. On the previous episode, I got several messages to inform us of that. I was a question. He also has a question after that. He says, question for the next show. Have you have any of you ever given Mike Mensers, heavy duty approach, a real go, not just Dorian's evolution. Hashtag last five minute crew. Yes, you did. Yes, I did straight up Menser heavy duty for a brief period, probably about six weeks. I remember it because I was only going to the gym three times a week. And I remember my mom was like, why are you like going to work out last now? As I remember, she noticed that I wasn't going to the gym as much. I was still living at home. So I would have been like, what have been like fucking maybe I just turned 18. You know what I mean? And I remember the workouts, too. Like I did one set of reverse grip pull downs, like heavy, like fucking heavy with four straps. And then I did one set of bent barbell rows to failure. And I was like my whole back workout. And I remember, I remember like, you know, just like that's sort of thing. Like it was super low number of sets, right? And I remember that the one thing I was surprised at was I still got sore because I was going so heavy and hard on that one set. Like, you know what I mean? Like, we're still getting sore. It was funny. I remember I still got sore. And I did leg extensions. Supercetted with Smith squats. I think was the workout. It was like a pre-exhaust superset. And you just just hit like this crazy set. Yeah. How long did you do that for? Like six weeks, I think. I remember doing it because I remember wanting to go to the gym more. Yeah. Like you know that feeling when you do DC training and you like want to go to the gym more. And I remember wanting to go to the gym more and I remember like people were noticing that I wasn't around the gym as much. Like I said about what my mom said. So I remember it was like, and I just, you know, I don't think I made like any real, you know, I don't remember if I made new gains. But I must have just wanted to go back to training more, you know? Yeah. So, but I remember doing it. How about you, Dusty? I never did that. You know, I, they're very typical of my style of doing life is when I got into progressive training, it was very simple. I saw a picture of Justin Harris. I saw who trained him and I was like, he's going to train me and that's what we're going to do because I want to look like that. And I was like, like so there was, you know, I did not toy around with anything else. And like Ron said, I mean, I just, it was nice because I knew for sure that what he had done to get where he was. So I didn't care what I wanted to do if I wanted to train more of, I was like, I want to look like that. I don't look like that. You know, and I found that was for me. There's different schools of thought. I tell some guys, like I've had a few clients that really like to question things and want to do this and that and what about this? I'm always like, hey, I'm not mad, but I really think you should consider training yourself because you want to explore and figure out and that's fucking awesome. You know, and you should do that. But why would you pay someone to tell me what you think you should do when I write it down? And I was the opposite. I'm like, okay, I don't want labor pains to give me the baby. How do we do this? Let's go. Right. You know, so that worked best and that was a very simple process. I know we talked about it before, but how many days was that when you first started with DC? Three, three. Monday, Wednesday, Friday. And did you get that same thing? Doesn't, too. Did you get that same thing as Ron where you're like, I'd like to be in the gym more? I did a little, but I will say because it was more volume than Ron was doing. I was fucked up. Okay. Yeah, he's doing like DC restpods is in stuff and Spencer didn't have those written in. Yeah. Well, plus you're doing your so your full body Scott is done in two days. Yeah. So you're third day you're starting over again. And I mean, so you're you're dusting it pretty good. So yeah, although I enjoyed going, it's kind of you know, you guys know that thing. We're like, I love training. And then after a day like two days, maybe you're a third day, like, I need tomorrow. Yeah. I'm a wrecked. You know, so that saved me for sure. But it is very like it is when you go from like five or six days a week to three. I mean, you got the jump. You're like, oh, we got the occasion. Yeah. What? Especially because like the time like before I did that that Spencer style attempt. I think I was doing like a Leigh-Haney program. Oh, gosh. You're a train nine days a week. Yeah. So it was like fucking, you know, I like was a kid that lived at the gym, right? That's a blast. I always thought that Spencer, I have a feel that he was like that when he started writing his books and stuff. It was like how you catch a fish in every year when you tell the story the fish gets bigger. Like I feel like his sets got lower. Yeah. They did hold this story. They did. And it changed with time, you know. Yeah. So I think that, you know, I bet you his original program looked very similar to what Yates was doing. Yeah, probably. I mean, there's lots of people that talk about how they they saw him train and they were like he did like four sets everything. He did like warm upsets and the prep set and then like they went hard on a set. Like just kind of look like everyone else's work out. I mean, I've had lots of people say in that afterwards, you know, he had like a lot of mental health stuff. I think there was some schizophrenia too. And it got more and more extreme. So like by the end, it was like you only train legs once a month, you know, he was in an infedimentatic too. That's yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I saw a video of him like in his older days with that big old mustache and the glasses, just like chain smoking outside of a gym talking about lifting weights and just like very, he wasn't training anymore. He was training other people, you know. Yeah. Oh yeah. I love their physics. They're man like, yeah, you look back when they're the prime. Like yeah, they were doing something different because he has brother and the people who kind of follow them. Yeah. They all had that like rugged fucking muscle. I mean, yeah, it was a good was it? It was a neat look. I know you mean like that 170's looked at how I had that mic mentor looked to it. Oh, yeah. It was nice. It was good. It was good anymore. No. I got it. I was pulling the picture up here of a nice mic and Ray together here. I mean, come on, dude. I remember reading that was, I remember reading mic mentors diet for the Olympia, his like diary diet and he followed like super low calories. Like he would put himself in Katosus really hard and go hard on like hard keto. And then like I remember he he was making notes and he's like, I ran some stairs today and then I had one scoop of ice cream. It was about 80 calories. And I'm not going to eat again till midnight. I'll have, you know, a half a pound of beef. That sort of diary entry like just just really low calories and no carbs and just, you know, I wish going would sell his like Olympia prep diets. Log like log, yeah, with the diet and the training, but even if it was just the diet, I got it. Because he was the like the original that was like, I got you to this myself. Hmm. Impressive. So his he a lot of his diets are in the books and stuff like, you know, they're right out of his log books, but yeah, they're there. I love to have it all together because it'd be cool. I mean, that's something I would buy. Even if I didn't open the book. Like cool. I want that. Just a heaven. I love Dorian's old diet because it's so basic. Like the carb powder he uses is multi-dextrin. And the protein isn't way isolated. It's like way concentrate maybe. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like it's like late 80s or you know what I mean? So it's like, well, just protein powder, even milk and egg protein powder in the 80s he's using. But like protein powder and multi-dextrin. That was his like post workout meal, you know? Just a round of corn basically. The cheapest carb powder you could possibly get. And, and, you know, real pretty medium grade protein powder, you know, and he's not for two meals a day. You know, it's his funny. All right, see what else we got here. The juice goose. So that's question. Love it for the lads. Next up is a sort of sort of top gun and body building. So I'm waiting for it. 84. He says I'm rating a program for me getting back into the gym after three years. And I want to incorporate some form of carb cycling in a growth phase. Would five days hammering clean food and two days lower carbs on rest days make any difference in insulin sensitivity. Oh, he has a PS question bonus question. How the F do I get a beard as thick as dusties? I look 45 with my hairline in my face. Look seven. I need help here. Man, you just got a trend hard, man. I mean, wait. What? You can't say trend hard, my bad. Well, mine is gravity. All the hair stopped going this way and just felt sorry simple, simple, really. I would all broke out. The carb cycling question though. I don't, I mean, I hate answering those questions because my answer would be, we'll do it. And then see what happens. You know, and when are your two days? I mean, is it, is it two days on one day off, three days on one day off? That matters. But I really think a lot of guys ask questions that they're wanting absolutely answers to that's impossible. You know, there are certain things that, you know, in Ron Scott, you guys both know this. There are certain things we do with people say during a diet. When you shoot their calories up real quick and you're like, okay, I know what's going to happen here. They don't. So we're really exciting to them. And then it's not going to mean much to me at all because I know what's going to happen. I did that over the weekend with a guy who, one of my clients who has pancreas issues, barely produces an insulin. And we've been, the goal with someone like that is to utilize the insulin that they do produce as well as possible to use as little, you know, outside insulin as possible. So we did something like that. I was like, all right, let's see what will happen. And the first day, he did the typically drop like two pounds. I was like, oh, nice. Cool. And then he sent me a picture of the scale the next day and he was down eight more pounds. I'm like, oh, that's weird. I got it's cool. But it doesn't mean anything. It's going to come back up. And then today, he sent me one of the ways down 12 total pounds. I'm like, okay, now I need all of your blood, like all of your blood glucose numbers sent to me. I need to know the fuck happened. And my point in bringing that long story up is that's an example of you need to try it for yourself to see what happened. You know, our next question mark and I didn't, I don't think he lost 12 pounds of fat. Don't get me wrong, but what the fuck happened? And why is it staying off? Because if it's a water, I actually expect the scale to go up then come down. When it comes down, the continues going down. I'm like, oh, I don't know what's happening right now. I'm happy. I'm happy. Go as something. Yeah, I think that he probably pissed and shut out some stuff that was blocked in. But when you have that kind of situation take place, the first question I have is, okay, can we reproduce that? Is that a one time thing? And I'm not saying can we lose 12 pounds again, but what took place and is, you know, what are we need to watch for to know? Oh, it's time to do that again. If you're having some digestive issue that you don't even know about or whatever it might be, because it can only be water, fluids, or waste for those kind of numbers and four days. But again, I point that out because there's a case where that's, I've been doing this for 20 years. That's never happened. I'm like, okay, this is weird. You know, I mean, it's bad if I almost said to you guys, my goodness, is really interesting. You know, so my advice is simple, try that and then play with it because I love car cycling, but I've never carb-cycleed with a plan, like, okay, every six-day, this happens. Yeah, yeah. Where did you guys? I think that for a lot of people, I really like the idea of some kind of caloric high day or, you know, not being on the same calories every single day. You know, there's a bunch of great studies. Now, one of the best studies was the follow-up, these different groups they had, and the one group was doing 11 days on the same calories and then they would do three days with 500 calories more per day. Okay. Right. So they were blow maintenance, losing weight, and then they would go up 500 calories. Oh, no, sorry, it's a thousand-carry jump. So they were 500 calories below maintenance for 11 days and then they would go up 500 above maintenance, which is a thousand-thousand-shop. Yeah. Right. And they would do that for three days. And then back down, so as 11 days low, three days high, that particular group had the most consistent weight loss per week without it slowing down for the duration of the study. So, you know, there's a lot of evidence that, you know, some kind of zigzag really helps the process, especially if you're dealing with, like, 90 people, right, that aren't using sight of melancholy. There's a certain amount of bulletproofing you can do, where it just doesn't matter if your calories fucking fluctuate. Yeah. Yeah. You're just going to keep losing fat. But yeah, if you're trying to make it easy, easier to, you know, get your body rolling, I think some kind of moving around is good. That's why we do high days. That's why we, so, you know, if you're just trying to be low maintenance and not, like, you know, you don't want to complicate it, you could just say, like, you know, leg-danned back-day, I do this with my food, or you could say, Wednesdays and Saturdays, I do this with my food. Or you could say, Saturdays Sunday, I do this with my food, like, you know, but you have to set it up for your lifestyle, too, and you're split. What makes sense for you? That's why I don't like other people telling people, like, exactly out of carb cycle, because it's like, how do you want a carb cycle? Because you can do this a bunch of different ways. Yeah. But, you know, we know that there's something to it. So, try to, you know, implement it, plus a diet only works if you can stick to it. And some kind of caloric cycling helps people stick to their diets. We just know this long term, especially if we're not just talking about, like, super hard core fucking shredded glute guys at one and when the Olympia, you know, for dealing with just regular people that want to look at all the time, it's got to be some kind of like, you know, some kind of like space there for them to operate. Scott, we pulled the question, because he was not going off season wasn't he? Yeah, he's talking about, uh, see, here we go. He was talking about, correct? Yeah, doing like a lower date on his non-training days, two rest days. What would you say about that? Uh, you guys as far as what's the benefit of an intentional carb cycling? Because I would typically, at carb cycle with everyone, but it's in the office, it's based on the fact that what you're doing less on these two days or three days. So we eat a little less. So it's, it is caloric cycling, but the output is also went down. You know, maybe not exactly, but it's went down. Um, do you see a benefit to that? Um, but by doing something like that? So I, oh, who's talking? Sorry. You go ahead. Good. So I think that the amount of calories we burn training is actually really overrated. I don't think it's that many. It's obviously we get the carryover, but guys like us get massive carryover every single day from every single workout. And during our rest days, I don't really believe there's a noticeable drop in caloric expenditure. I think if you just lay on the couch all day training the way we do, if you have your one day where you don't train it, it's like your body doesn't slow down that day at all. It's still like, you know, fixing your quads and your damaged hamstrings and your, when you're damaged, lats cells and your damaged bicep cells and all the problems that it's fixing at the same time. So I don't really think that the idea makes more sense from just like a, you know, how things like we can get into a groove with things, eating less on your rest days. Well, it's kind of easy to do. You take out the intro workout drink, maybe pulse of carbs from meal five, and it's like a groove people can get into, but I don't necessarily think there's like a whole lot of like, you know, it's not magic. I'm pulling out five hundred cows that you were burning, because you weren't burning five hundred cows with a gym. Yeah, I just, I don't know. I just, I like I had high days, sorry guys, I had high days, um, on my on my days off too, and I was just going to bring up. I was just going to bring that up. Yeah. He had me do my high days on my on my rest days because that was when I could eat the most food. He's like, hey, you got two hours here, you're not training, you can shovel more food. Yeah. Right. Well, very, so I don't know. I think that's the other thing that gets tricky with clients, especially if they're in a prep mode. I would, I would feed them, you know, for the day, and they're like, like a student of cardio, right? I'm not going to want to do cardio, and train at 70%. They want to go into the gym and annihilate it because they've been given more food. And I'm like, oh, no, no, for this time period, I want your body to have that food. Not your workout. Right. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I know what you mean. I, I, I, I think that the average person, like, obviously, when you're trying to, you know, competing, like I love lower carbs on rest days during a diet because you got to give them the carbs. Like they're going to eat a certain amount of carbs. I, you know, you got to pull it from somewhere. So I like that idea. But I, I see a lot of like, you know, recreational people and offseason people that are really like mentally obsessed with the concept that they have to eat less on their rest day. Right. And I've seen it like taken to really strange levels. Like this one guy that I saw is offseason diet. I know it's from a coach that I think is but I saw his offseason diet and it was like training days looked like an offseason diet, right? Like typical, you know, cup and a half a rice, eight ounces of beef, banana, you know, blah, blah, whatever the fuck you're eating, right? And then his rest days were like 100 grams of carbs. He was a deafening like, yeah. You think that you think that's how your body works. Like, oh, it's a, I'm not training at five o'clock today. So I'm just going to fucking eat no carbs all day because I'm not training later. And my body's still recovering from legs yesterday. But fuck that, right? Yeah. You know, why would I feed the workout I did on Tuesday that's still being repaired? Like that's how your body doesn't work like today. And then tomorrow and they're like separate metabolic events that don't overlap at all. That's what I wish people would would realize. Like your body's like, it doesn't, it doesn't work like that. I got one thing I'll add in because I did want to bring that up, Ron. The, the, because that was fascinating to me when you told us about how Chad had you eating even more on your off days, which is so counter to what you hear a lot of times. But the other thing I'll say is so the guy's trying to set this diet up, my thought would be I probably like, like, my just personal take on how I do things out the gate just starting a new diet trying to get this clean food together. He hasn't been on any kind of plan before. I'd probably just try to figure out what he needed to do as a baseline. And for me, I would probably keep it the same every day to start because you got to see like, well, what can I handle? And then intuitively over time, it would become probably for me the way I do things higher on training days because then we might be like, let's like, let's say he gets a cup of rice with every meal or whatever, you know, 45 carbs with every meal. Then you might be like, okay, pre and post work out, let's do two cups. And now guess what your non-training day is lower, right? But you didn't like the student added to those days, exactly. Yeah. Yes, that's perfect way to explain it's got. So you don't even need either one of us. That would be essentially no whole no matter for quite some time. I was like, uh, not seeing a babble for 10 minutes and Scott said, hey, here's what you do. So I'm with a cop, if you don't grow at a cop on your training. A next question, simple. Why did this take you just, but it's to not really end the whole basis of my five minute babble is keeping me simple. Took five basics of not simpleness to explain the simple. Scott, say, if fact that, a cup of rice per meal, Jack Grond, two cups. Next. Yeah, he was so nice. Because he answered it so can sat through all that. He didn't show us that he was annoyed by our stupidity. He held that in while it was. No, it's new. The talking that more comes out. You know what I mean? It's like, it's good up buying that shit. So good. We have to deal with it with a crinkle cover, whatever he calls it. Crinkle for yeah. You know, with his crank off. We're trying to answer the question with a couple and Scott came in and answered with a sledgehammer. Yes. We have so many training questions, guys. This is like, I'm going to, so when we title this, I'll be like, this really is just body of a weird. Yeah, I'll call this like, the training question episode or something like that. All right, question. I keep hearing that my old bro split should be throwing out in favor of working a muscle group two to three times a week. Problem is that I can't seem to get sore when I do this. And I can't help but thinking it is because volume on each muscle, each session is too low. Most notably is my quads. I also can't get sore on them no matter what I do and can't cannot work out three plus hours a day. Thoughts on this from bigger faster. This is been a long episode. One of you had answers Scott. We'll just sit quietly. Man, I'm curious to hear you guys you guys as a convenience on this one. No. It was going to be really long. Scott could do it like a minute. So go ahead Scott ahead of this. It is a long episode, isn't it? I'll just say this brief. I'll try to be brief with it that it is real popular now to do like the, you know, the higher frequency splits. And I do think that there is a lot of benefit to that if you can get in the gym more frequently. If you can train your legs say 104 times per week versus 104 times per year versus 52, you're going to get more chances to grow your legs. The key is you have to be able to recover from that. I wouldn't necessarily say that getting sore needs to happen. You don't need to be crippled from your leg day in order to have gotten a response to grow from it. But, you know, the thought is I think that if you are going to do higher frequency that does require lower volume and then that requires higher intensity. So if he doesn't have the intensity to really power through and kill it with less half as many sets. Let's say. Then maybe it's just not for him plus at the end of the day. You got to be able to do a workout that you enjoy. If you don't enjoy your workout, you're not going to want to stick to it. So no matter what the science says or what anybody says on YouTube or on Facebook or Instagram, the key is that you do your workout that you like to do. That's going to provide more growth than doing a workout you hate. I got nothing. Nothing to happen. And you kept adding the things that I was like, oh, you didn't mention this yet. And then he added. That's going to be a great episode. We call this one Ask Scott. Oh, God. I know that we don't really as far as I know, Scott might be more up on this than I am. But we don't really totally understand muscle soreness and yet do we because it occurs for different reasons and in different levels and it doesn't seem like it's directly tied to growth. Because you know, you always get guys at say, oh, yeah, you know, my best body part is my delts and they never get sore. And then take me like my worst body part was my calves and I can get them crippled sore where I can't even flex them. And I can do it anytime anytime you can tell me, hey, train calves today and make them super sore. And I'll make them so sore. You wouldn't even believe it. But they don't grow like my delts did. My delts barely ever got sore. Yeah. So it was like this weird thing with soreness. We can't really focus on it. I know it's difficult because I came from like the Dorian days where like, you know, you were your fucking soreness like a badge, you know, but you know, it isn't like absolutely needed. But I know it's a great sign because it means you're targeting things like there's no better feeling than training back. And the next day all your back muscles are sore, but your rear delts aren't and your biceps aren't. Right. You know, that feeling where you like targeted perfectly like the entire lats or on the traps and all the muscles and the lump in their rectures. And so it's it's a great indicator that you know how to train. That's what I think soreness is like really good that you know what you're doing when you move weights, or you're just surviving massive risky loads. So you know, thanks. Not hurt yet. Okay. We had a few more, but we should probably end this episode. It's a long one. Yes. Long one. That's good. It's good. Okay. Remember everybody. Thanks for you two questions. We prioritize them and you know, it helps us. It helps us connect with the viewer, you know, you get this. We get this with the YouTube questions. Like, share, subscribe, comment, bring the bell. That was my, she didn't keep going. She liked that dusting. I just added that for you. There you go. That's beautiful. Okay. And remember our mutant codes. I am mutant.com, big run 20 and the camera and dusty 20. I'm a new world. They both worked. Do not. That is it. Not perpetuate. That lie. Only works in Canada. I'm even meeting people in the States for years. No, I was wanting to use your code, but I just, I mean, I'm not Canadian. It's true. It doesn't work. That's what you said it once. Okay. Okay. Remember everybody. It's just bodybuilding.