He said, when you take trend, it's like, once you're on it, you're the main character. What's going on, everybody? This is Dusty Handshot. As you can see, I'm not wrong, part, though. I'm definitely not wrong, part, though. But this is Scott McDally. He dodged you guys, but we held it down because this is episode 150 of It's Just Bodybuilding. We have questions from the YouTube questions from my Instagram. And of course, there's a few things we have to do on each episode in the very beginning. What do we ask for, Scott? Like, share, subscribe. You don't even know if they really, because we say it so repetitively like that. But seriously, if you guys do, you know, hit all that stuff, like share, subscribe, ring the bell, all that. Oh, I said your part. Sorry. But you didn't say, but you left out comment. And comment is where you put your questions in. Yeah. Just like this one today. And all that stuff helps boost us in the algorithm. You're doing good things for good people while some are good people at least for Scott and Ron. And here we go. What do we got now here? I know you said, yeah, quite a few lined up. I pulled a bunch together from the last episodes. All you guys are killing it by the way. We're getting a ton of comments lately. We're, Ron told us last episode or a couple episodes ago now. He wasn't going to be with us, but remind me what is he doing right now? Ron is on the island, moving his dad out of his old place into a new place. And he's actually driving, he's on the ferry right now coming back. And he, he was so concerned. He wanted to be on this episode. He did. We'll move it back. We can do it earlier. We can do it later. But I had already, he had forgotten to mention to us. And I had already planned the rest of my day. And you are actually heading out of town. I believe first thing tomorrow. So in order to get this done, edited and ready to rock, you kind of had to do normal time. Yeah. Plus, I think it's time. Ron should have a day off. I mean, I took a month nap of taking a few. Great. He's just like, well, I think he deserves a day. I agree. I agree. Dude, I'm excited for my trip. Maybe I'll tell you about it later. But yeah, be my first time going to England. I'll tell you that, my mom. Tell me about it now. Tell us about it now. I think the people want the questions, though. They want the questions. You have to make them wait for what they can. Okay. Guys, we do have timestamps. I always tell people we have timestamps, below if you want to skip me telling you about. But I got invited out to, it's called Fit Expo. It's going to be in Liverpool this Sunday. So dude, when this comes out, I will already be in England. Put it that way. And it's your first time over there or is it your first time over there ever? Ever. I've been to South America, Central America, like all over the Caribbean. But I have never been to like England, Europe, anywhere over there. So yeah, I'm excited, man. And the cool thing is, is that like bodybuilding's taking me there. So I wanted to go over there that was like a, it was on the bucket list to do in the next couple of years. And now what's happening? So I'm excited, man. It'll be fun. I think what's funny is, obviously there are more North American well-known pros that are on the circuit. I think just pure numbers. But when I think of bodybuilding and I think of hardcore bodybuilding, I think of the UK. Yeah. I really do and not because of Dorian, I obviously because of him. But you're going to find out when you're there training, especially if you hit some real gems. Yeah. Like it's just a different breed. And I wish more of that would rub off here. I agree. Dude, bodybuilders from over there. Like, eat sand, like, okay, how much? Yeah. Yeah. No blinking. You go, I've been to, I actually have done, I guess, posted a show and I've done a few appearances that shows over there. Local level shows. Dude, you're peeled out of their heads. Yeah. Yeah, they are. I mean, it's just another thing. So you're going to love it. Yeah. My favorite trips of the year, every year, are to England. And I wasn't able to go this year because of my anti-agit and stab situation unless I'm to have it myself with things I choose. Yeah, I'm making it. But the rules have changed. So I will actually be going over there in September as well. So nice. Nice. Looking forward to it. I'm glad you're going to love it. And don't pull a Ron and Dusty. Take some pictures. Oh, tons of, I'm doing like a whole vlog for the channel. So there's that. Nice. Good. All right. Now we can do the question. All right. We had this one from Morgan Mack. He says, um, question for the next show. What's your guys' personal opinion on facial hair while competing? So I actually talked to Steve Wynerberg about this. Back. Remember the year that Jose rocked a beard at the Olympia? I do know that you mentioned it. Yeah. Yeah. So we were standing there. And he just said to him, he's like, I keep the beard. And his thing was as long as it's kept your fun. I think the only time I personally would say you got to be a little cautious. I'm not even saying it. It's the same year. Yeah. Because part of you got to be careful saying woman though. Oh, because you can't anymore. No. Say woman can't. Man can't say it. I don't fucking the rules are a mess. We just got to monetize. But it was my fault. I started it. It's okay. That's okay because we need it too. But no. The only I would say is you don't want any facial hair to be distracting. It's the same thing with your hair. So don't be the guy that decides to be a fun idea to put a fucking lightning bolt down your long beard or something stupid. Yeah. But if you're clean, kept it and whatever or if you've got a giant beard, I would maybe even consider just pulling it in. I've seen guys actually, you're not going to cut off a four year beard because you're competing. Right. But you do something to at least keep it looking clean. You know what I mean? Yeah. That's really it. What do you think? I think what I agree with all of that. And I would say maybe it even depends on what level you're at. If you're a state level guy. And you're just trying to win like your first novice show, then you know, yeah, you might want to take some of this into consideration and be like, yeah, maybe if I have this, you know, one foot and a half beard or whatever, it may interfere. But do I want to change that just for this show? Because you might be able to still win with it. You know, if you're like, if you're the best bodybuilder on stage and this is like just a local show, I think you could have whatever beard you want. If you're like, if you have the muscle in your peeled, you're going to, it doesn't matter. You know what I mean? So if you're at a national level show and you're trying to turn pro maybe it's a little bit of a different story, that would be my thought. Yeah, I agree. You always want to think about immediate, it could possibly cost you as you get better for me. It was general X. Anyways. Alright, what else do we have here? Um, oh, I liked this one. And this is something I would love to have for your Ron talk about, because I know he had to struggle sometimes. But we will hear Dusty still. Says a question for the next show. On the previous show, there was a question about getting shredded glutes and Dusty mentioned that John Meto's eight water to get into insane conditioning. I don't remember you saying that, but I could picture you saying that. Yeah, it's awesome. Can he elaborate a bit on that story? He means very low calories for a certain period of time or indeed no calories at all in just drink water. No, so I can't, it was, I don't remember what year it was, but I think it was when he did the Arnold. Remember? Um, yeah, yeah, he literally was so peeled and we're talking like four weeks out. And he continued, because he knew, this one thing I always loved about John is he knew what he looked like. He knew what he had to bring to the table to even stand a chance. So he literally was eating egg whites with some sugar free ketchup and I want to, like one other thing for every meal. Like, so there were no fat. There was no actual carbohydrates. There was a little green stuff like that for like weeks to get in shape. The reason I brought that up in that episode was because everyone has this kick that you have to do something, you'll, you'll emaciate to nothing if you go extremely low calorie or the big thing is is you're going to screw up your metabolism. Yeah, because you bury your calories for a while. The body is far more resilient than people understand. So you, you can bury it. Now the thing that's left out in that story is John didn't start the prep there. He worked his way down, did this card, did everything and realized to get to that level he wanted to. He just kept pushing the envelope and seeing he could and he wasn't losing size. That's the magic, as you have to walk that line and make sure you're ironing yourself. Because on the flip, even though I just said it's hard to catalyze muscle, I've done it. 2011, when I was getting very financials, I told a seeker. Before we started, I just want to be the most shredded guy there. That was my concern, that's what I wanted. And so we blindly were grinding for conditioning. And I could remember, I'm a finished story, I was peeled. I mean, I'm a fucking peeled. I looked way down in size, my legs were down. I didn't even realize it until I saw the pictures. I mean, I was amaciated, but I was shredded. But I remember it's actually how I met Jose Raymond. I get done, I come off stage, I got second call out, which was very disappointing, following the announcement that I was going to show hoping to win and putting that much into it. I hear from a distance to sky, you were fucking shredded. That's the answer. And it was Jose Raymond, it was before I knew him or anything like that, I don't give a shit what you place. You were the most peeled guy on that stage. I can picture this. I'm talking about it. Anyway, the whole fucking show, like he was just going off. But it hit me the next day that at one point during the prep, on a lap pulled down, I'm always the second highest run for the knee pad. Yeah. And I had to bring it down. Yeah. It never, it didn't click in my brain that I didn't get shorter. Yeah. And my bone structure didn't change. So the only thing that would make that come down is if I'd gotten smaller. And then I actually looked at some pictures side by side from five weeks out. And like three days I wrote for a left. And I'm making up numbers to people do this, but just give me an idea. If I got 1% harder, I got 9% loss of size. Yeah. It wasn't a good trade. That's the key. As John was watching both as he was coming down, we had a one track minor just getting peeled. And the funny thing is, I do not regret any of it. And the reason is this, and I know people would hate me for saying this. I think my five weeks out would have won that show. Yeah. Yeah. But you really looked for it on them. And the reason that would have been a problem is no one would know my name. Because I would have won that show after one good year of people knowing I was coming on show, I would have then been a terrible pro, and disappeared. Instead I got four years of being a guy that was in the hunt and people knew it was coming. And I think that's an area that I've kind of derailed on, but that people misses. There is great things for your career. And I say, we're not just on a stage, but as creating a name for chasing that pro card and being in the mix. Because if I don't want that show and then went and done a pro show the following year, I got invested in the following year. Probably got dust. I was kind of at the end of my genetic ability, just turning pro. I got three years of people knowing who I was and following along and seeing me chase the pro card because of that. But that's a little derail from the question, but just something I think people should think about. Because I have noticed a lot right now, for example, like junior nationals just took place. And there were three heavy weights. You know, three light heavy weights and one heavy weight. That's it. Because they're not giving out pro cards and no one wants to do a show if there's not pro card anymore. That's a shame. It's a game. It is just to be that way. You know, I guess it's rubbed off on everybody, but it used to be, you know, we would do the junior shows to get the experience and get in front of the judges that we would be judged at when we go to that next level. I, and I liked that. But then I, I guess we did that out of a level of respect for the sport as the way I feel. You know. But I also liked to point out, um, now that I've completely, do you know from the question? Completely. I'll leave that. That won't you look at who's won that show and tell me it's not worth doing. Yeah. Some nobody named Phil Heath won it one year. Another nobody named Evan Sett's Pony. Oh, some guy. I don't know. Maybe you heard him Kevin the Roni. Yeah. On that well. But hey. Yeah. I'm worried about it. Brett Welkin won that show. He was in classic. So, yeah. He was in. He was in. And I also, I will tell you this and I believe this to my soul. I did junior and the ourselves and it gave me a name. Yeah. And I went to the USA and they were looking for me. Okay. Yeah. Because there were, I want to say 13, maybe 16 guys in a super heavyweight at the USA. Is that here? And to give an idea. We've tried to before the top 10 are all pros now. So it was deep. I think had I not been introduced. I might not have been noticed quite as quickly. And might have fallen down a place in or two because there's new guy with a Mohawk looks pretty good. Who's that? Versus. Oh, that's the guy who won junior national six weeks ago. Yeah. I could see that. So I do think that that's important. I'd like to see more people start doing those junior shows because I thought it was sad. I'd like to think of that. Like there were three callouts when I did junior national as super. Yeah. You know, it's wild to think that there was no one there to beat. You know. But any who, so yeah, to answer the question, the point was just, you can go extremely low calories if need be and your metabolism will be fine. All right. I'm going to move on to the next one here. Kevin, he says, do you guys have any tips for keeping perfect form at a rep tempo when approaching failure? Is failure when the muscle can no longer move the weight by any means or is failure simply when you cannot perform another perfect rep? It's a good question. It's a great question. This one for me, you're going to have a couple of reps that aren't flawless. I mean, hell, not a minor, but. But if you even if you're strict for him, person, I think you're leaving growth on a table. If you won't give yourself a little momentum or a little inertia or a little something additional to move the weight one or two more times. Yeah. The key here is don't get sloppy to the point that you're not even hitting the right muscle and the biggest one is don't put your body in danger. If your back starts rolling for example on a dead left or a bent row, you're done. It doesn't matter how you pick it up. It's dangerous. But stopping in the moment they're not perfect, you're well before failure in my opinion. What do you think? I would agree completely. And it's a balance. It's hard to, it's hard to, I think, to explain that. It would be way easier to see it if you were training with Kevin, you know, and he were to actually, and you were to tell him like, hey, get one more or, okay, cut it there. You don't want to get yourself into a position where you're using everything in your body to move the weight. I would say this. I'll using some momentum or some body English is going to be beneficial. If you can still hit that target muscle hard, you know, if you feel like, oh, it's all in my traps now or whatever, you know, it's like you pass that line. Great. Great. All right. I guess we got a bunch of them. We had a bunch of just good comments overall too. All right, Gavs has one for us. She says, oh, what's the, we're talking about lifting straps and wrist wraps? It's what's the, the best brand type of lifting straps? I ask because I hate the normal ones that you have to mess around trying to wrap them around the bar once you've got the first one locked, et cetera. I've seen the type dusty wears in his videos, look like they're a lot easier to use. Are they Versicrips? Versicrips? Versicrips. Okay. Yep. And here's the things I have a lot of people last. I was always a strap guy. Just the basic, you know, canvas strap. Yeah. And I broke a couple pair with while training. And I just decided, I was, I was Mr. like I'm never going to Versicrips. I was like, all right, let me just see what these things are all about. And I tried them once and it were a little weird the first day or so. Yeah. And now I haven't owned a set of straps since I bought my first set of Versicrips. No kidding. I love them. But that being said, I think that you have to try them and see for yourself. I think a lot of people that are old school as well would try the Versus and be like, nah, I need to feel that my hand. You know, I just, for me, it was, it came down to, I was breaking them. Because they, they would like break almost, I know where I go. I own my stores and I sold them. I sold the regular straps. So I was never like letting them go too long and they broke. Yeah. They must have freed just enough and they would just snap. And it's like, okay. This is an injury waiting to happen. Let me try these other things. I was also going to look into those, like some leather straps as well if need be. Because I know those really just stretch. But the Versus I love and for people who aren't good with straps, like you said, wrapping them around, you can't fuck them up. I mean, you give them a quick bend before you even go up to the bars so that they're leaning into your hand already. Yeah. Put your hand up there and you're good to go. What do you use? I use leather straps. I, I, I, I, I move to the leather ones. I can't remember maybe four years ago and I love them. Now, I think I think the whole strap thing, it's something you got to get used to to begin with. Like nobody ever walked in the gym and they could use a lifting strap, like perfectly the first day, you know? I'd say it takes like three months of consistently trying before you get the groove of it, you know? So there's that. I do feel like the Versus strap, Versus grips are a little bit easier. Like that learning curve is a little bit less. Because you just have, it's, it's just less. It's less to wrap. But I think once you get good with straps, they can really work well for you. But yeah, if you're dusty and you're lifting a ton of weight and you're snapping them, then maybe do something else. But those legs, you're awesome. That's what I guess that's funny. So that's what I was going to switch to because they last forever. They do. They do. They just want to last you forever. I'm on my second pair now and it's because I lost the first pair. And they, yeah, so they've lasted with heavy weight. And you know what I like about a more than the canvas is because they have that stretch. When you crank them down, you can get a really nice, there's extra stretch. So you get it, you know, you get it wrapped all the way. And then you can crank it a little further with the strap. Yeah. And when they're, when you're sweating and they get kind of damp, then they work you can better, you know? That ends up being a disadvantage. It's advantage. Yeah. All right. Let's see what else we got here. Oh, the second question. I don't know if I got his first one though. Sorry, Mr. Scottie T21. Can people who leave the volume, the number level. Oh, this is, this isn't referenced a run. I think talking about turning the TV to can people who leave the volume number level of the TV radio music, can they be trusted? This is a run question. I think that's a great question though. Round would have like a big philosophical, you know, yeah, there would be a reason. I'll figure it out. Yeah. It's almost like it's something he's pondered for six years. And he was just waiting for someone to ask him this question. Let me ask you that way when we're on ask that. What would, what would Ron say? What would, how would Ron answer this question? You know what, let me, let me just, I'm going to try something real quick. You're going to call him? Yes. Call him. Yes. We need to phone in on this to answer this. I got to call a friend. Let me see if you'll answer this could be fun. All right. Let me see if he's Ron. He's going to think something's wrong. Like oh shit, something went really bad with his. I didn't even call him. Could you? Because you don't call. See if he answers. There goes. Let him know. Be sure to let him know we're on the show here. Before you swear. Yeah. What's going on, dear? Hey. So here's the thing. We're on the show that you're not on because you didn't want to be here. He had better things to do. And there's a question that I think is for you. So we need to ask you what you would do. So you're going to be on the show even though you're not on the show. All right. So. I'm going to have to be here for a great hour. But I can play along. All right. So this is the question is being greedy. Well, this part doesn't matter because we answer his first question. Here's the question. Can people who leave the volume number slash level on the TV, music, radio, etc. Be trusted. And that was written for you, I think, based on you adjusting the volume and things on the previous show. What are your thoughts? So there's a thing. They're saying it. You can be trusted. I need to put my hand up person be trusted. If they leave the volume number, the level on TV, music, radio, etc. Can they be trusted if they do that? If they leave it. It's like what do you mean? Leave it. I don't. I don't. I'm not going to talk about it more like I don't get the question. As we're in, so I guess I'm going to change this question. Yeah. If they're adjusting the music and the volume on your music TV, etc. When they want to talk, can you still trust them as people? Oh, I see. Very clear now. I trust myself with the volume. Yeah. I trust that I have a better grasp of what volume should be than almost everyone else. I should decide to volume up the music and the TV display. I think that I'm very comfortable taking charge of that. And I don't think other people can be trusted with that. But they're going to turn down my entertainment to talk. There's going to be a fundamental problem with friendship. This friendship is over. Why? You were adjusting the volume on my television and or radio. Yeah. Yeah. This is a real foundational issue. This is a relationship at that point. I follow. And this is why we had to call you at the airport trying to come home. Because I know only Luke could answer this. It's one of the major points of finding a light partner. There have to be a third barrier to their willingness to think they can take over the volume. Well, and I'm glad that you're working on that with Emily a little more every week. It's a slow process. We've really, really come a long way. It's a relationship. It's a perfect QC. Generally, thanks that there's something she'd tell me that this morning for... It's a long time to be turned down on a particular song. But she's getting better at deciding when to strike. You know, like the moment has to be strategically planned a little better. She's improving a lot. That's great. And when she's not turning that shit down during 1979, that's good. No, no. She's aware of the list of more. More. More. How important is this song for Wallace? Alright. Well, we missed you on the show and we're having Dre a back on as well because she was phenomenal. And I'm exceptionally upset that I missed Dre on the show and I can't wait to have her back on. Awesome. Save trap. There you go. See you. Okay, thanks. That was the answer we needed. You know, we thought it'd done that one. I was having trouble following the question. I was too. Figured it out and then, and even if he didn't figure it out, I was happy with what he thought he figured out. So we're good. Yeah. Jerry says, Why is this show so long? Gone are the days when there were 40 minute episodes. He's doing a lot of much Jerry for the first thing. I don't want to think that out. You might have missed part of his name. I didn't want to say the first part. I just didn't. I just needed that part. Oh, hey, this month you have to mention it. That was that was in reference to he was joking. There was somebody else who was saying that our shows are too short. So yeah, that was actually flawless because I remember that last week and I'm like, We would. Yeah, we can't use everyone's got. You can. Oh, and this was just another fun comment. Rick James supposedly had two dumpsters of coke go through his nose. That's a lot of cocaine. It is. It makes me wonder how much money that is. I lot. Yeah. Figure like if that much is, you know, 20 or whatever, 50,000. Do you have any weird like things like that that that is me everywhere we go like I go somewhere. Yeah. And I'll be I get a restaurant and Mike. I wonder how much the leases on this place. Do you think you know, yeah. Yeah. I start breaking things down trying to figure out how they're making money because we're certain things that I find really weird. We went last week because you get frio. Yes, I'm a big fan. Yeah. There was a toy store. Next store like a no name toy store and I'm like, huh. Is this I mean most likely money laundering. Yeah, it's got to be a front. That's what I was like. I immediately like we had this conversation while eating our frio, which was $87. Yeah. And you know how they were making their money at the frio. I was doing this. You know what, you know, the first time I went to a frio place. I don't know why I do this, but we walk in real quick and I just took my wallet and I grabbed a 20 and I walked in to get myself. And the girl I was with Afroio. Yeah. I walked back to the car because the 20 didn't cover it. Holy shit. Yeah. I was like, I need to open a fucking frio place. Yeah. It's like everywhere buying this shit. Yeah. And obviously all these years later I'm still buying it. Yeah. It's amazing stuff. So there is that. Yeah. But yeah. I thought that was interesting. That's those type of little details you have for you're like, I know what this is. Another suggestion for the show here, Bryce. He says, is there any chance of finding a body builder who is or was a chef? I'd love to listen to 90 minutes of dusty swapping recipes with him. I would love to have a chef body builder on. I think anyone who's actually followed me that is a chef or even a good cook. Yeah. Gags at the thought of me being any form of other things. I think what some people miss or maybe they do catch is when I do the cooking with dusty videos. Yeah. The point is I hate when people say, I don't know how to cook. It's not that fucking hard. Okay. You find a couple and like you, I literally season with like five things. Okay. I know I like. And I can put them on pretty much anything in the work. You know, so it's it's funny to me because in people will eat my food that are, obviously other body builders, but they'll be like, this is great. Yeah. I'm like, I have no idea what I'm doing. You just kind of throw some on taste. You're like, that's good. You know what I mean? Like it sounds like fucking complicated. I would love to actually be good at cooking because I think you can kind of get that cross over where you can. That's where most people have an issue. I have people tell me that I'm bored of what I'm eating. I'm like, will make the chicken a different way. Yeah. And then like, I don't know how I'm like, do you have internet access? You know, the same thing used to email me. Google it, bitch. Fuck. Yeah. I mean, I do that all the time. It's like, we'll find a recipe of something that's good in town. And I'm like, let's see if we can make that at home. Okay. And like, Google it and just see. And usually I end up going back to eat there 700 times anyways. But I enjoy the challenge. Yeah. And you know what I think just being creative. We don't we're not creative with our food because we're just thinking like, I have to eat this six times. I'm just going to cook a bunch of chicken is easy as I possibly can. And then I'm going to complain about it, but you know, whatever. And we don't think about it. But yeah, I think if you stop it, you know, women are better like female athletes, female bodybuilders, people in the fitness industry. They're better at cooking I think in general than men are because they actually take time. And they're like, oh yeah, I have this fresh thyme that I put in here. And it's like, what? What is this? Yeah. Yeah. I know thyme in UK. So you used to put that never mind. Do you remember that? I only did. Oh, do those like a cream. You put on your abs. And then you put, um, you take like, uh, saran wrap and wrap it around you. Oh, and then that was supposed to the dumb shit. I used to do all that shit before I realized if you just died, it really fucking hard to get shredded. Yeah, they used to do like the preparation age to yeah, same thing. This was like preparation age, but somebody was smart enough to make a little company to make some side money. So it's a dumb bodybuilders. Okay. I better get rich to fun fast. I'm sure you made some money for a little window before every woke up. Yeah. All right. What else do we have here? Question for the next show. How about starting a 12 week cycle with a two week mini cut scenario? Planned 12 weeks test E 250 milligrams of Tony 20 milligrams of anovar on training days. So I guess the 250's once a week, anovar is on training days. Only first cycle sitting pretty currently at sitting currently at 85 kilograms, 18% body fat, five, nine, uh, no plans on competing ever in life. Just want to have a look in feel buff, but not fat for me as nanny 15% my abs pop below that. He says blow that though he, we feel like shit. I got it. I don't understand that though for me as nanny 15% my abs pop below. Oh, so if he gets lower than that, you feel bad. I'm thinking of starting the cycle with a two week mini cut utilizing your himbine in clan training intensity would remain the same and then would ramp up the calories in the your him quit the your himbine in clan in the third week. Okay. He's also saying he wants to bring up his chest. So there's a lot of, like a noise in this. Yes. I agree. So here's the thing. If you're at 18% body fat, you're two fucking fats to be trying to grow as far as with food. So my first thing would be come down in body fat. Two weeks, basically what he just said is he wants to do a two week mini cut to come down, which isn't enough time to do anything. And then go back up for ten weeks if I'm reading it right. Yeah, to grow. The problem is your body fat's too high and the drugs don't matter. I love that your dose was low. That makes me happy because everyone wants these crazy dose on their first cycle. That is plenty of drugs for the dose. The animal and that's fine. How do you do the test alone and that'd be fine. But I think you got too much thought into it. I would either lean down now with that drugs or start laying down with them because by default you will put on some muscle mass just because you're running for cycle. I think we talked about this before. My first second I think I have probably 15 pounds taking an amp of pre-mo a week. Yeah, I could see that. You know, I mean it was just nuts how well it worked. But if it were me for you, I mean I could see that for work. If it were me, I would die it down first. And I would get down to 12% I think it's in his head also that any below 15% feels like shit. There's no reason for that your body doesn't need that much body fat to feel okay. So your diet is somehow the problem and how you're feeling for sure or your brain. I think a lot of people in Scott, you work a lot of guys too. They have this thing in their head that they're getting weaker or they don't feel good and it's always way too early. Yeah, I'm like, no, that's just your brain. You're not even tired and you're surely fat enough to feel fine. And your calories are barely, you know, below maintenance. So we're good. Yeah, I would just take a completely different approach. If I say I'm I lose some body fat, then look at the cycle, then come up. But again, even when you flip to gaming, just above maintenance. 18% for a guy who wants to look good and feel good. Blown it's just too heavy. What do you think? Totally agree. And two weeks isn't going to do anything. It's going to be enough to lose some water. So if you, in maybe you're going to diet real hard. Of course, you're taking cleanse. So you're probably going to lose some water weight with that. The scale's going to go down. But I guarantee you this. If you crank that diet for two weeks and you drop 10 pounds, I guarantee you that you lost zero pounds of fat so far. Like you've just gotten yourself depleted and now you're in a position where you can start to lose the fat. You know, that's really all you've done. And now you're going to start adding the food back in. And so really you're just going to start from a drier position. But then two weeks later, you're going to be eating up again. And it's like really you're going to get no advantages out of two weeks. I agree. He should go on longer diet than a mini cut and that that should be the focus. And you know what, he could probably if he's doing this all naturally so far, he could probably die it down naturally. Get down to 10% 12, you know. Get down to 10% and then start your cycle. You'll learn a lot about your body in that time. And that gear's going to do so much more for you. You're going to be in a lot more sense of the position. And I bet you that if he feels like crap under 15% that he's dieting too hard. That it's a longer process. You can't do everything in, you know, in two weeks. So it's this isn't like a race. You just need to systematically get leaner, you know, to get drop all that water weight at first and then just shoot for two pounds a week. Yeah, which is a ton. Yeah. I think I got a couple more here. Um, all right. This is a dusty. I'm an OG fan, my man. I was just watching some of your old cooking, more of the cooking videos. I'm telling you to bring back. Which I love. I don't know why, but I get comfort from watching them. Anyways, I was wondering, do you still use as much splendor as you did back in the prep days? Were you using a lot of splendor back then? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Like what you've got was. Uh, if I was making like my green, like I used to make caramelized green beans, I'd put like eight in each serving. That's all. Yeah, it's going to be awesome. Well, and then I would drink four. So I do, I do two coffees from Starbucks a day, which was just four shots for espresso. Yeah, but four splendent and two sweet and only two of those. Okay. Yeah. I mean, I would buy a thousand at a time from Costco and go through them. I do not use as much anymore, but it's because I don't cook the same way more. Um, number one, I don't need as much, but also, my obsession again when I was competing was I was like the anti bodybuilder. I never understood why you would want to make your food taste like shit. I got to peel that in my mind. I always made my food taste good. It was, it mattered to me. Like I needed it. When I was dieting, I put more effort into my food than the off season. Okay. Because I'm not going to go without flavor for 20 weeks. Because I used to like long reps. Um, so I would just make my food taste good. I don't use as much blended, but just because I don't eat the same way anymore. And I have found actually a company that makes two of my meals a day. Um, they're awesome. By the way, I got to show them to you. It's called SC fuel meals. Okay. But it's not like, but like you wouldn't get ready for show one unless you're a macro person. Because they're, they're, they're not like chicken rice broccoli. You know what I mean? Like after training, I had beef in Chaladas. Ooh. It had 39 grams of protein. And the cool thing about them, which I will tell you, I tested them because I was psychopath. They, they weigh all of their food after it's cooked. Okay. Yeah. And they had a, they have a meal that shrimp and rice and whatever. I weighed everything separately. Okay. I was impressed. I was like, hi. Okay. Because I'm not guy. I was like, you really though. Do you really? So, but a lot of me was like, couldn't do that, but that one I could. But I used those because truthfully, I, I, I eat out way more than any human should. And I spend a ton of money eating out. It's expensive to eat. Oh, I want it. Yeah. So, by having these, I just did the math on like an average person. So, I would be doing 20, 20 bucks a day in these meals, which is obviously a lot. Yeah. But I, when I eat out, it's closer to 35 a day. Okay. Yeah. So, it's just, just in those two meals. So, it's substantial to flip those out. But to answer the question, wholeheartedly, if I'm cooking and if I was still eating away, you do yes. I love smart guy. Stuff is amazing. Give her a cherry stevia? Yes. That stuff is not amazing. Okay. So, that's what I thought too. Levels of stevia. I know that. Don't accept me. Some other ones. The only thing he sold me on, and you're going to have to help me remember. Not drag and fruit. What the fuck? Something fruit that, that was a sweetener that's really expensive. Fuck. I don't know. Anyhow, someone that's watching this is going to comment below. Kind of a little bit of what it was. But it's some sort of something fruit that was actually very comparable. And I used to do a lot of unsweetened tea in throw sweetener in it. Yeah. And don't say got me on that. And that actually works. Trinitrition has it. It's called something fruit. I've helped absolutely no one until this person right here. Tell us what it is below. Thank you. Here's my take on stevia. I didn't like it at all. Like it initially. I didn't like it in Victoria uses it because it's natural. It's from a plant versus Splenda, which, you know, at the end of the day, it's probably fine too. It was the way I've got it. But it's trying to go ahead. Yeah. You know, but I got used to it. And now I could do stevia. It's kind of like when do you remember when diet soda first came out? It was like, oh, it's too sweet. But then you get used to it. And it's like, now I'd rather drink a diet coke than a regular. I drink coke zero normally, but you know what I mean. Yeah. I think I think. Can I hear it? Oh, yeah. I'm used to your second to well, y'all have the dog. I thought I liked it. I think there's that. So I moved to stevia, but yeah. I got one more here. All right. Oh, this is a fun one. Taylor asks us. You guys have any juicy, interesting or funny trend stories. Uncontrolled libido, coin insane in the membrane, wanting to snap while driving. Stuff like that. Okay. Yes. And he says love the show. Well, first. Do you? Scott. I, um. I'll tell you what. I remember the first time I ran trend was not a pleasant experience. I was like, it was, I don't think there was like any decisive moment where things were like, oh, man, that's, you know, bad. That was my halo experience, but and I think I told you guys that one. But yeah, you know what, man? Here's what I learned. And this isn't a funny story. But I learned that I do, I have a story. I can tell you about somebody else. But here's what I learned is that I just dove right in with a bunch of trend. The first time going off the message boards. It was a bad experience. Next time I was like, you know, I'm going to try just tiny, tiny bit of trend. And I slowly ramped it up to a standard dose. And through that process, I did okay with it. And it didn't affect, it doesn't affect my sleep last time I took it was for Contest Prep. No, I ran a little bit since then, but you know, it doesn't affect my sleep or anything. No, no, I'm just super chill on it still. Right. What, what is your story? The story you do have. It wasn't you. Well, okay. So don't say any names. Just have no full names with addresses like last time. I have pulled this story in the past. It was a client. I've had two scenarios that I've had clients that unbeknownst to me had anger issues that I didn't know about. Nobody told me about. And they probably shouldn't have run trend. But they wanted to run trend and they ran trend. And they didn't want to do this one guy was just such a piece of work. And he, it just, it was the worst man. I remember sending him an update and telling him, What was it? There was two instances that were just like over the top. One was, I said, hey, send pictures. We're probably going to do a cheat meal on Saturday or no Sunday. Okay. And he sends the pictures. And I say, whoa, you know, you're actually really depleted. You just want that cheat meal up. You either have it today or tomorrow. And he said to me, and we're like four weeks out, three weeks out from a show. And he wrote back and he said, you know what? I'm really, and he was a nice guy before this. He said, I'm really sick and tired of your bullshit. You told me Sunday and now you're telling me Saturday. Make up your mind. Wow. You go in my your pictures. Another time. Do you think you're joking at first? Because I would think that it's always at that to me. I would assume they were joking. I would like laugh out loud and send back to them. I think that's always not joking. But I just feel like I would think he was because like, Who the fuck would say that? All right. So what else was the other occasion? The other one. He had a two-thapses. And this is a couple of weeks or two later. Now we're two weeks out from the show. He has to go in and get the doctor put some, says the doctor is putting him in an antibiotic. And I can't remember. I think it was a moxisillin. I had said, hey, we're getting really close to the show. It might have been like 10 days out. It's like we're getting really close to the show. Ask your doctor, see if you can put you on a moxisillin. Because I knew that a moxisillin was going to be less likely to cause water retention issues than a lot of other antibiotics. And he wrote me back and he said, you know, you're my coach. You're not my doctor. I will take my doctor's advice and use what he tells me to take. Cool. I didn't fire him. I didn't fire him. And you know I didn't fire him. Because if I did, and I was a new coach at the time, if I had fired him, it would have given him the opportunity to complain. And tell him that I tell everybody that I bailed on him at two weeks out. So we did have a talk. And I told him I was like, listen, we don't have to be front. I got on the phone with them. I was like, listen, we don't have to be friends. But I'm going to see you through this prep. You know, I'm going to check in when you're supposed to check in. And we can leave it at that. And it was just from there. We did the prep. And parted ways. He actually came back after that. And he was like, hey man, you know, I really, you know, I'm going to check in. I'm going to check in. And I'm going to check in. And you know, I really, you know, I wanted to let you know, man, that I, you know, I, I don't even think he said he apologized. But he's like, I was wondering, you know, would you work with me for my offseason? And I was like, hey, man, you know, I'm really glad that you could recognize, you know, the issues and stuff. And no, I'm not going to work with you. Get the fuck away from me. You're so nice. Yeah, exactly. Get the fuck out. You know, it's funny about the abscess tooth. So I had an abscess tooth during a prep. Yeah. And it was during, um, it was during a prep for my, my junior ass was the first year. Yeah. And so I went to the doctor and, you know, the, the dentist and he was like, okay, we can do this and this. And he's like, but I've been after whatever he had to do. And he was like, but, you know, you're not going to the eat for a couple of hours. I'm going to do blah, blah, blah. And I was like, what was the other option? He was like, there's no option. But I'm just going to be pulled the tooth out. And he was like, what? So can you just pull the tooth? And he was like, yeah, but you don't have a tooth. We can just do this. And I was like, I'll buy a tooth later. Pull the tooth out. And he looked at me like, he was so confused. And so I was like, we're going to do this or what? And he's like, you want me to pull it to that one. Yeah, I have to eat in like 45 minutes. And he was like, okay, so pulled by tooth out. Fucking pulled that thing out. Did what he had to do. So it would stop bleeding. And yeah, I got it fixed about three months after the show. Did you get that next meal in? That's what's really important in this story. Of course I did. I was so irritated that he was like, there was, you know, how when you get to end of a show and you don't have time for anything. A bullshit. Yeah, anything. Including the bullshit. Yeah. Wouldn't pulling the tooth out be faster today. Because at three months, when I'm satisfied, I'll deal with whatever has to be done. It's not a front tooth. Yeah. Yeah, there you go. Yeah, they shit out. So yeah, that was that. You could smile on stage at that. Yeah, no. Back to the question though. Very much just like you. I really believe that most for the most part drugs make you more of who you are. Yeah. When I was blasting, I knew I was growing. My training was off the charts. I was in the best mood all the time. Yeah. And it's, I mean, I never, I mean, and you could ask anyone a friend, someone I dated and no one would ever say there was a time that they were like, oh, when you took this, you were bad. But I will say the only thing I've ever done that caught me off guard was Halo. I didn't do anything, but I realized. Yeah, me too. I was like, oh, like, I felt this urge to go off the fucking shame for like, over something that yeah, I would upset me any time, but would never, I mean, my brain went to an elevation point. It was like, maybe I will kill this guy with his own bag. Yeah. Hang them off the side of a fucking building. So everyone else knows, don't ever do that again. You don't ever show up like, off. And I remember the thing I know, oh, okay, Halo's a different thing. Yeah. Yeah. And so I like, when I'm explained to people with my vast drug knowledge, I'm like, imagine taking a cheese grater to everything that matters on the inside of your body, because I think that's what Halo's doing, because I'm so angry on the outside that something, yeah, I mean, there's a reason that that's a two-weeker. But I will also say, and this is something I tell clients that do have, if they know their edgy, the moment I realize that, I reminded myself of moving forward. Any time something that upset me, I'm like, am I mad? Where's the drug? Yeah, you can control it. Put it to sleep immediately, just by, you know, how mad should I be about this? Probably not so much. Okay, fun. And I could just kick it down, you know, because you edgy for sure. So if you ever take Halo, and you're not edgy, it's fake. Right, right. Yeah. That's just a fact, I'm sorry. So I think, I think, trend, because you was talking about trend, I think trend is in the mainstream now. I watched a gun YouTube channel the other day, and they had this guy on, who was just a friend of theirs, and he was a bodybuilder, and he was like, hitting this, hitting this dummy that they were going to shoot. Like acting like he was like, right raging out, basically. You know, and they said, they said, like, oh, they made a joke of it. They're like, oh, yeah, we have this make a wish foundation for bodybuilders. They said, this is Tony, over to his name, and they're like, he had one too many trend, but Tony sandwiches. These are like, people have nothing to do with bodybuilding. Yeah, but they recognize. Yeah, they knew trend, they knew the term, you know? Yeah, I saw that, and I saw another guy who was just done like a podcast that had nothing to do with bodybuilding. He was like, yeah, I tried trend, and he had a really good analogy. He said, when you take trend, it's like, once you're on it, you're the main character. That's what trend is. He's ready. He's like, right now, I like that one. That's actually fantastic. And he was like a non-bodybuilder. He was just some like dude, you know, who tried it. He's like, yeah, trend is the main character. You take trend, and instantly you're the main character. That's actually like, I'm so glad you said that. Isn't it perfect? But I'm going to now, from now on, I'm going to be like, okay, and then add 300, 300, 300, 300 main character. Yeah. Oh my god, that's fucking good. People can handle being the main character. Some people can't, I guess. And maybe that's why I never noticed trend because in my brain, I'm always the main character. Oh, it's not always my turn, my bad. I didn't realize. Yeah. Oh, that's good shit. All right. So where are we at? Where are we at with time here? That's all I had. That's all I had. I think we've successfully pulled off guys, girls. We're sorry Ron isn't here, but sometimes the best way for you all to realize how important he is. The glue and the spine to this whole thing. Yeah. And then we have to take him off the show so you guys realize, but Adam, I said that quieter, so I hopefully don't lose money every time I say it. Yeah. So yes, and that's it. Scott, you are heading off. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Actually, it'll actually be Wednesday first thing, but I won't have time to add it. So yeah, tomorrow's like just all packing, packing all day. All that. Awesome. We're super updated. Lots of pictures. Keep the Instagram flowing. I'll do my best. So I can live. I haven't been over there for over two years. So okay, you owe me. I don't know how that affects you, but you owe me. So. All right, guys, girls, everyone. Thanks for listening again. Until next time. It's just body. All right. Got it. Awesome. Have a good trip and enjoy. Yes sir.