This one's easy, GH and insulin. There's a lot of synergy there. One of his ideas was combining anodrol and deepel. I rarely use testosterone law in the astral. Okay. I think that those two might as well be married because essentially what you're doing is the mastrad makes sure that you're using as much of that testosterone as possible. When the ret one pushes him to shove total testosterone means nothing. The only thing it really matters is your free testosterone. So anything that can increase your free testosterone without you having to increase the dose of your testosterone is a winner winner chicken chicken dinner. I've said that three times today. What's up guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweat and Gear with Coach's Kip Hill, Andrew, very Scott McNaley and all our programming is brought to you by you. Yeah, you, the people of Patreon. Thank you guys very much for your support. We've got a couple of Patreon questions and a couple of physique critiques from Patreon today. We're also brought to you by TrueNutrition.com. Get all your basic body building supplements from them, your protein powder, your creatine, your intro workout, everything else like that. And of course, use our code to think over there. And once again, supplements source.ca. If you're up in Canada and you need to go deal on supplements, then they're definitely the place to go. So guys, we've got a couple of critiques, like I said, we've got a bunch of other stuff. But we wanted to start this thing out with one of the listener questions, which was besides the basic things that we know of synergy, test, deck of deballs, specifically for growing muscle. What are some synergistic stacks in your opinions? And some of this might be just based off your experience, too. I think we all, well, I'm not done yet. I'm just like, ready to go, so I could throw my stuff. My piece of text in me. I'm like, pot, you can't fucking text me during the day. This nighttime stuff, damn, we've been through this for the last three years. Anyway, sorry. He's picking me. To get to the topic. I mean, this one's easy, GH and insulin. There's a lot of synergy there. And if our listeners like to go back, we did a great episode with Dr. Scott Stevenson about four to six episodes back where we really deep dived into GH, in particular, and we covered adding insulin to the mix as well. But yeah, I mean, I think, especially for taller bodybuilder like me, GH and combining insulin were a must-need synergistic compound or combo to help me go from, you know, to 24 for a couple years to competing in the 240s. It was like night and day. You know, as soon as I started adding that in, they cut the both of them. Because I'd use insulin on its own for a while, and I'd use GH on its own for a while. But when I married the two together, it was like, we're going to love both island baby, you know. You know, besides that, well, hold that. Let's skip throwing out. And I've got one too. So don't, don't, don't, there's only so many combos. We gotta, you know what I mean? I may have been cutting recently. Okay. And the process was incredibly efficient. That then had to pull the insulin, to cut the growth hormone in. Oh, the progress slowed to a crawl. By the time I realized the correlation, and I wanted to put it back in to see if it would be causative, I put it back in. It was causative, and that things picked up again right away. So not only for size, but for cutting this synergy there that is just, and like I've said a million times before, I must say, at a million times again. I mean, mediocre bodybuilder with mediocre genetics. So the people listening, I tend to think, are relate, they'll relate to that. So if it works for me, it's going to work for a lot of other people because it also works. You know, I've shown that with my clients as well. So there is that synergy there, whether size, whether conditioning, whether getting leaner, and I don't care what, so many people are still stuck on that. Other of you is Vincent, you can't get lean on insulin. You go out, keep that, and you're just limiting yourself so much that it's crazy. All right. Great. What about, what do you got for us, Gap? What's another one? A combo, ideally for growing, that you found has synergy. Or maybe it's just a synergistic combo that we haven't mentioned. Yeah, we mentioned the classic test bucket deep all. I'm to the point where I rarely use, unless it's just, well, mental out of times, it is TRT2, the more I think about it, I rarely use testosterone without men's room. Okay. I think that those two might as well be married because essentially what you're doing is the master on, make sure that you're using as much of that testosterone as possible. When you push comes to shove total testosterone means that it means shit, it means nothing. The only thing it really matters is your free testosterone. So anything that can increase your free testosterone without you having to increase the dose of your testosterone is a winner chicken chicken dinner. I've said that three times today. Yeah, you said that. And I don't know where it's coming from. Yeah. But it is the saying of the day. I guess it is. We've talked before all three of us are all in huge favor of test EQ and P.P. Yes. So I think it would be redundant to get back into that everybody. But should be noted. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to throw a combo out there to you that I had picked up off of the message boards. Do you guys remember a guy who posted named Gavin Cain? Yeah. You remember that? This is like early, early thing though. Just a number of chin. We don't see that. I dropped it. You remember skip though, like he would come out with posts and it'd be like an epic two three post post and it'd be titled something real catchy. Like something about like all the mass or like some secrets you'd that that was the point. You know, I don't think people did people know who he was. I don't know. I know if I did. I can't remember. Okay. One of his ideas was combining anodrol and deeple. Okay. And even do it at it. And he would run this with a test deck of background. So you're doing test deck of really. And for the first four weeks, you would have anodrol in. And for the first six weeks, you would also have deep all in. So the deep balls run in a little bit longer in the anodrol. And the way I interpreted it was to reduce the doses of each. So normally if we run 100 milligrams of anodrol, I thought okay I'm going to run 50. And normally if we run 50 milligrams of deep all, okay I'm going to run 25. And so instead of having a massive dose of both, I did a half dose of each. And I got big with high blood pressure. I got a lot of pressure on that cycle. You think? Yeah. But I did grow. I definitely grew on that cycle too. Did you? Because when I if I were to look at a cycle like that, I would think, yeah, one day you're going to come into the gym and everyone's going to go to the whole of the ship or your up 20 pounds. And then two weeks later after you stopped that cycle, you're going to go back to the gym and you're like, I'll do the okay. Yeah, thanks go on. All right. Would you like? Would you like? Yeah, you know what I'm saying? Just because I could see a lot of water retention that, Oh yeah. In a t-shirt, you're going to look bursting full, you know? Yeah. Probably sloppy without the shirt on. I might have been actually eight weeks with the deep all. And four to six with the anodrol. Something like that. How does it? Yeah, but it was a lower dose. It was 25 milligrams. And back then, man, my appetite didn't get destroyed by it, you know? But I did well because I remember I got super strong on it. I'm going to throw another one out there to you. But I'll wait. You guys throw me another one. Because I have another, um, not common combo that I found early on was incredible. Man. And of course, these are things that's a thing that I don't suggest. You know what I'm saying? I'm not saying like everybody should go out and run and test, uh, anodrol deep all, you know? Here's the thing for me. There's not a lot of combos of drugs that I would be like, oh, that's just utterly ridiculous, right? Yeah. And so I feel like there's synergy and almost all compounds. If you have a, if you can justify why you're doing it, you know what I mean? Um, obviously, like a test base for almost every cycle. And then I think from there, it's like personal experience. Because I'm, I'm big on listening to my clients previous experience with compounds. Yeah. Sure. I have what I know works best for me. And I probably used to try to push that up people more, more often. I will say that the test EQ and BP works almost universally for everybody. Mm-hmm. But, you know, so if you're, your first time or thinking of, not a first time, but you're, you know, thinking about leveling up your gear and you want to compound a few different compounds. Layer a men. I would, I would do a test EQ and PP cycle. But, you know, there's not a lot of combos that I don't think that I think don't have synergy. You know what I mean? Right. Like I can find an application for everything. Like I know in the last show we did, I happen to see a question that we didn't go over that was, what do you guys think about, you know, front loading a cycle with trend, you know, a test EQ, something else like go with trend. I'm like, I'm all for it. I'm here for it. You know, what do you think about using trend at the end of a offseason cycle? I'm here for that too. And it's not, I'm just using trend as an example. Right. But, but there's so many combinations of compounds that I think you really just got to use your repertoire knowledge on what it had the least side effects with, you know? Because you don't want to be taken something four weeks into it. You're not eating, you're not sleeping, you don't want to go to the gym, maybe you're being an asshole to your friends and family. Like you want to find the compounds that are going to have the least amount of side effects with the most positive gains. And I think that's going to be a little bit different for everybody. I know it doesn't answer your question, Scott. So I'll turn it back over to you because you said you had a few more that I'm interested to hear those. I had one that in less skipped you have another one. I don't. I'm struggling to come back with that. I'm thinking early on of things that I had done where that were like, oh, this this was interesting, you know? And I will say that the combination between obviously test with trend, ACE and deep all, the strength from that cycle was out. And it was a short cycle. It was an eight week cycle. I might have even been running pro at the time because the idea was like, you had to couple your pro with your ACE because they're both fast acting, you know? Later I realized it doesn't necessarily need to be that way. But I, so it might have been, I believe it was pro and it was a shorter cycle eight weeks and a last four weeks I added in deep all. I can't remember the dose, but I usually kept it pretty low like 25. And I just remember Dumbbell Rose at the gym were like one day, you know, one day in particular I was like, holy crap. I can't believe how this weight is moving, you know what I mean? I would say deck and deep all too that there is a connection there, but test deck and deep all. If you're going to run deep all with, you know, for an offseason game, I can't think of anything better to run it with and deck and and test and I'm not a deck of fan. Yeah, so I might say MPP, but you know that cycle goes back to the 80s. Yeah. And it was it was king and still and it's probably underrated these days. It probably is for the you know the size you can gain if you can, you know, if you but once like Andrew said though like how do you tolerate them, you know? Yeah. I'm also thinking now that we're getting on this tangent of maybe short-term things to do. You know, you're basically whether it's test, EQ or whatever, but adding in, you know, anodoroall, halo test and maybe a little, you know, for if you're trying to break past like a strength barrier in particular, you know, deep in the offseason, you've been squatting five plates and you can't get more than eight reps on it. I want to get 10 before I finish this blast. You do a little round of, you know, maybe 50 to 100 anodoroall, 20 to 30 halo, maybe 50 T&E on the day of your, you're going to hit those squats and there's a good chance you're going to meet those numbers and surpass them and possibly stroke out too. Yeah, I'm a major maker. Yeah, but you'll be surprised. Satisfied. That's right. You know, all right. I hope if we gave him some ideas, we could have gone down the opposite road of cutting and I think there's a lot of combos to cutting and we've talked about other things too, like the benefits of some of the new stuff like SLU and getting that into the plan and man. Try SLU before you even start the cycle, get into a position where you're getting really good benefit from that, you know, and if it happens to be you'd be a person that you get a lot from it man, you might even get more out of less of gear than. There's a top top body builder who swears by SLU and there's me who goes, hmm, didn't see anything from now. Yeah. So I've had a huge cross section of experience now, skipped with people who I've talked to listeners or the show, clients of mine, because the experience I had, which I would say is nothing short of miracle. You know, a lot of people have said like, I want to give it a try. Let's see what happens. And I've seen a cross section of results too. Some people, like few people that get the results I have, but I have seen them. I've seen people that then say, I get really good in Durance from it and I actually freaking love it in the gym, you know, like I'm getting a lot from that. And then if heard people say like, yeah, I think I noticed some additional endurance and they maybe get better fat loss from it, while they're on it. I know a guy that I work with who couldn't get his 250 mic, or a cap, so he got 500 mic caps doubled it went to a thousand. And all of a sudden he started getting super lean in an offseason, like way fast. I was like, what's going on here? So I, but then I've seen people like you and it's been few that are like, I got nothing, nothing from it. Well, I think that would lend to skips probably has very healthy mitochondria. Maybe that's it, you know? Like I think the more dysfunction you have with the mic, the more you stand to gain. And maybe it's a genetic thing, and maybe it's lifestyle, maybe it's probably a combination of all those things related to his or someone's mitochondria, but mitochondrial health. But I, like I would imagine the guy who is 50 to 60 pounds overweight who doesn't exercise at all, who eats a very processed food diet, you know, has a lot of stress. I would imagine that person would probably have more advantages using slew than any of us on the show, you know. Maybe other than you could, I mean, would you, do you think that the long COVID effect of your mitochondria? Oh yeah, more, more so than just like genetically you had poor mitochondrial health, right? So back at Swiss, the year that you came skip, was that yeah, so with the year Steve came. Yeah, we had talked about that back then that was like 2022. I think was it sounds about right? All right. Yeah. So him and Victoria and I were all talking, that's when I started looking into mitochondrial stuff. Honestly, so he did a video on mitochondrial health and at the time like it didn't do anything. Like nobody was interested in it. And I was like, yeah, you know what? This is my own personal road than I'm on. I started looking into supplements, but I was like, nobody on the channel wants to hear it. Now fast forward 2025 and like everybody needs to boost that. I'm thinking it was probably 2023 because I was there those two years. Yeah, I was he came the second year. Yeah, then I think it was 2023. You got that award that year? No, that was the next year. Oh, Victoria got one that year. Then it must have been 2022. Yeah. But I thought Steve was at the second one because I've only been into the two. Hmm. Yeah. He was at the second one that you were there. I mean, I think about it anyway. We got a bunch of other stuff guys. What about our physique critiques? We could knock those out back to back. I've got them both ready to go. I'll be curious to see what you guys have to say here. This is one of our Patreon guys. And I don't have his information. But he said, rate my physique. Quim. I'm going to show you. Let's hear those from here. It's a front relax isn't it looks like he's in decent shape. Yep. There's a front double. How long has it been trained in any background? I don't see anything written here. Okay. Did it have a back surgery? Me possibly. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Maybe a fusion. Yeah. Because those because of the lats, those lats are high. You can see the scar in right down the spine. Yep. Yeah. So here's one thing. And you know, not the way expect someone who's never competed to have Greek posing. Right. Like the amount that the dramatic effect that having good posing can change how your physique looks is almost like, you know, monumental. He has more quads than he's showing right now doesn't he? That's what I'm getting at is that the quads and even like in that rear double that you just put up in the rear last bread. Like, you know, you see how the elbows are back and the brister forward. Sure. We're not seeing the extent of his deltoids and his biceps because they're kind of hidden because they're angled forward. Hips are a little off center. So my point is is that actually, I think has a pretty good physique for someone. You know, I don't know. You know, what is PD history is or I'm going to assume he hasn't competed yet because this posing, I'll be honest, it's not great. So there's a lot of room for improvement just in like five minutes by improving the posing. But in terms of like overall physique looks like he's on his way. You know, he's got good conditioning. He's not fat. I would just say you need more need more of everything. You know, I can't say that there's like a glaring weakness or a glaring strength. Just needs a little bit more of everything. You know, you take the structure and you just fill it out. Yeah. Yeah. Not there. There could be a lot there. Yeah. Like he's got lines in his quads, you know. Yeah. So I think stay with it and keep eating, keep training hard and show us a picture next year. And let's let's do it before and after because, you know, definitely you know, have potential to be a decent bodybuilder. Yeah, he's going to want to lift that ribcage. You got anything you want to ask him? No, there isn't. I agree with the ender. I think it's just an overall. Keep banging and playing. It's a, it's a size everywhere type thing. And no, I agree with the ender when he says there really isn't anything that pops out. It's a glaring weakness like, oh, you know, his back is incredibly weak. Or, you know, the chest is incredibly weak, relative to everything else. It's just, it just looks like size. It looks like time. Yeah. Yeah. I'll throw this at him. You know, a lot of times people start wondering as they get the development. And I'm not saying he's done this, but they start wondering, like, well, should I focus more on my arms because my arms aren't, you know, good. Or should I focus more on this or that? I would say chest back in lakes. If you make that, those three things, your priority for the next five years that you're not going to end up in a position where anything else is too weak. You know, and I mean, if he grows his back, then his biceps are going to grow and his, his rear delts and his traps are going to grow. If he grows his chest, his triceps and his shoulders are going to grow. And if he grows his legs, you know, squads and hymns that, that everything else is going to come up as a result to hopefully calves and glutes. So I wouldn't get too lost in the minutia of any small body part stuff. I would see it, you know, and it, depending I don't know what he's done, but I would say, make sure that those are the things that you know you need to put the most muscle on. And if you can do that, everything else will continue to grow in the process. I would go as far as to say it would be a mistake for him or, or anybody else at this level of development to start looking at, my arms are just good as my chest. My chest isn't as good as my, because that it's, it's almost too early. Yeah, that kind of focus. No. Yeah. I remember back when I used to personal train people and I get, you know, people of all ages, whatever, and they wanted just bigger shoulders or arms, right? Oh, yeah. And, and they thought I was going to write him a plan that would focus on shoulders and arms. And I was like, you really want to get bigger arms, like, get your squad over 400 pounds for eight to ten reps. And I guarantee you're not going to complain to me about your arms size anymore. Yeah. Yeah. These aren't like hardcore bodybuilders. These would be athletes or, you know, general people that worked out pretty hard, but, you know, they wanted to have bigger arms. So I'm like, you get your, you get your squad up and you get your, your legs bigger by doing some intense stuff. The rest of your body is just going to follow. Yeah. T4H said, I'd say he should train abs more if not already doing that. And I, you know, you could, but I would say that if he grows those other things that as a side effect, the abs are just going to continue to get thicker and thicker, you know, with time. I'm, I'll actually count on, I agree with you and count on T4. Okay. And say it probably to his detriment to become someone that focuses on abs and starts prioritizing them all the time. Yeah. Yeah. I think stick to your basics right now. Get as strong as you can on your leg stuff, on your back stuff, your chest exercises. And like Scott said, the arms and stuff are going to follow. So I wouldn't have picked the, the abs at all. Yeah. Yeah. And if you wanted to, is like a side project at the end of the workout, you put it in five minutes, it's a Abs a few times a week. Like that literally would be enough, you know, I don't think it'd take anything away. All right. And then we had another one here. I'm going to see if I could find that. Give me just a second here. And this is a, Tanya who is always hanging with us. Let's see here. Something you're reminded today too. There she is. All right. And there's a little bit of background here too. She says, all right. Attached to her. My start in end check-ins for this recent pre-prep diet. Building for the rest of the year from here, then prepping for my first show, starting at the end of next year, almost likely. April to July, mid-high's 130 to 116 at the lowest in the final week. 13th year training, second year enhanced. I know you don't need a before and after, but I posted them anyway. So they're already side by side. So here is the before and after because it gives us a good reference on how they're doing and how fast are they gain muscle. Yeah, there's blunt force Tanya. She's with us now. And here she is on the screen as well. All right. It's good good physique. She's made some really good progress in just the last year, honestly. Like I remember seeing her physique even just a year ago, and she's come a long way. I mean, I could tell you that at most local shows, like she would place her, if not when a class, you know? Like a little bit tighter, a little bit tighter. But I mean, she's got a good taper. Yeah, and this was a pre-prep diet. So she's just doing this so that she can grow more muscle now. Okay. What's the difference in weight from April to July? 15 16 pounds. Okay. 130 to 114 or so. I think she's something like that. Yeah. Once again. Yeah. So here's one thing. And I tell all my figure athletes, Scott, can you point to like where the knees are with your pointer? Yes. So, and she's not doing this. Because I see a lot of figure girls and guys do it too in the front relax. They point their knees out really hard to try to make it seem like they got more quad sweep. And then it creates this gap in the middle. So I would tell her really work the tear drops and work the adductors. Really fill this out. Fill that gap in this out. Yes. Yep. And if I had a second, I could actually put together a picture of one of my athletes. It's just changing or posing. It's just how much more impressive it looks. Yeah. But. That's a side shot. It's got some crazy delts. Yeah. I mean, I'm trying to find something to be like, well, you can work on this. But it's like, you keep growing. Yeah. I think the quad, blue, him. Separations very, very good. What's that tattoo on her near her elbow? Is that testosterone? It's not, but what is that? She'll tell her. Yes. Yes. We had a listener got a trend tattoo in his neck. Clasi. Yeah. I mean, if I had to get one, it's not a bad one to get it. Yeah. I do like my trend. Maybe I'd get the D-ball one. Skip, we'll get the AnnFR. Skip, get this. It's got an answer. Get the growth hormone. Okay. That was lakes from the back. Great good lower body development from the back. And to the point that it actually makes her look weak in the upper body from the back. Sure. A little bit. Sure. Yeah. So, lats, terries, breardelts, to match the the medial delts that you got going on. Yeah. In quick pulling from the floor. Yeah. Just because I, and correct me if I'm wrong. And or if you feel differently, I don't want to see. I don't want my eyes to go to the middle traps and directors. I want my eyes to go to the shoulder blades. Yeah. For the width of the back and the shoulders versus the thickness there down the middle. Yeah. I mean, figures just a structure division, right? It's, it's not, it's a division that not all women could do. Yeah. And you could say that about, you know, the men's classes too. But, but it's, yeah. You only have four opportunities to show yourself. And really, it's the front of the back shot that the judge is a really pain. And you can't hide it all. It's not like a men's physique pose where you can twist your waist. And you know, you know, you can twist your waist and you know, you know, you can, yeah, classic. You can twist to make your waist look a little small in your front double. Yeah. So I, but look at the back straps like from a traps down that is pretty impressive. Yeah. Agreed. Yeah. So the point that when she's, when she's staged, you know, it's going to make the lats look kind of weak. So yeah. Yeah. I, I would, you know, stay away from the rhomboid, stay away from the lower back and focus on strictly lat and Terry's exercises. Because you got a good amount of tissue going down the middle of your back. From the side shot that the, the V shape is dramatic on her. It just imagine what it'll look like with more back. Yeah. I really like a quads. I mean, that's the, the tie, the tie into the glute, the lines, those natural lines. Like, when she's in shape, that's, you're going to, you're going to be someone, she's going to be someone that you don't want to take your eyes off of. And she's a girl that trains chest. Good morning. I mean, call me crazy, but I think all women should train some chest. Yep. And you're, if you're listening to this right now, that. And come to you because she, yeah. Especially when they get a boob job. They're like, I don't want to, you know, you have even, for, it's more so from an injury prevention standpoint, you get your shoulder strong. Yeah. Yeah. So what happens if you're in one compromise position that uses your pecks at all, and now they're in your tendons, and they're the weak link in the chain. You're going to tear a pack or you're going to do something. And then it's going to mess your shoulder up. So yeah. And I'm not talking like, make a chest day or like that. But I have like, all my figure girls have probably two chest exercises per week, if not, you know, yeah, at least two per week. In not to mention, I've seen it where that chest can look concave at the top, you know, in bikini girls, even, and it's not, it doesn't strike me as like a powerful, powerful, the shaped upper body that we want, you know, it's, there's a balance there. You know, you're right about that. I definitely think that they need it. She said two by the way that it was creatin, on one of those tattoos and ATP on the other. But that. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. She was good. Great physique. I thought she was, I was thought she was older. She's clearly young. You just assumed she was watching this show and interacting with us. She must be 50 plus. And no shoes. I think she was 50. He thought she was a couch surfer that she was like 20. I don't think she's that young, but it wouldn't be played to ask, right? I don't know. I don't think it's played to assume someone's gender. Oh, we had a bunch of questions. And here's a really long one. I'm curious to hear what you guys have to say. My son Anthony is 25. Been suffering from low T symptoms for a couple years now. He's also been a natural bodybuilder for almost three years now. And I'm his coach. We signed up with Merrick. Got some blood work done. His total T was 800 and one. Free test was only 66. I didn't read that initially. I responded to him in the comments. I missed the 800 and one. They wouldn't prescribe him. Tested sip or H.C.G. Instead, they threw at him a 600 dollar monthly testosterone optimization stack. At which, of course, I told him was BS and set him in the, as I set with him in on the video call with their doctor. So since Merrick was a complete shit show. I got some pharmaceutical H.C.G. Started him at 500 units three times a week, Monday, Wednesday, Friday. After just one shot, which I had him take before bed, he woke up in the morning telling me that he had had morning wood. It's been three weeks now and he's waking up with morning wood every morning. He feels like a million bucks and his physique is changing weekly, especially the amount of water he was holding. He's noticeably leaner and more vascular and he's absolutely smashing his workout sessions and he's getting massive punks. Something that he wasn't happening frequently before. The addition of the H.C.G was the only thing that we changed from the diet, the amount of fluids, electrolytes, all that. Does this need to be cycled? My plan is to increase the H.C.G to 250 units as needed, going by how he tells me he's feeling still going to, still getting morning erections, gym pumps, etc. The things guys are really appreciate everything you do in the free of roomation that you give us every week. A lot of a reaction talk from a father to a son. I'm just going to say it. Just going to say it. I mean, I was actually distracted to get about the turn the whole thing over. I don't see any reason. I don't see any reason to change it. If it's working, I don't want to say ride it to the wheels fall off, but it's not a good greedy either. If things were to slow down or if he were to start to feel different, then you could take that dosing up, but it's very cycling. I'm not going to cycle off H.C.G. The 25, my own question was this. If he was at 800 anyway, it's not bad. No. So for 10 to 6. Free test from 66 to what? No, it is 66. That's when he went to merit. It was 800. I guess I would want to know what exactly they give him. It was a full stack of tripellas. He was a sort of guess. It sounds like he needs a clear up his free test a little bit. So what's that boron or you could add a little provider in. You could add a little master on. He's not on tier tier. He's not on tier tier. He's not using the H.C.G. Three times a week. That was his answer. But I feel like with 800 testosterone levels, you've got a lot to work with there. You don't need to boost that anymore. I guess he wants to. He's 25. Yeah, I guess the question is, does he want to make the jump into the tier to the PDRome? And fast track is growth because if I was 25, no one right now and I was at 851 or something like that, that's a great number. He actually sounds like mom and dad have done a great job on his upbringing. Making sure there's a lot of foods that were free of pesticides and different toxins that are, I mean, I don't know if you see some of these averages of teenage males today. And they're 23 to 25 or 26 age range. Test-lostrum levels at 300. We've gone backwards as a species, if that's the case. It has to do with the plastics and our foods and the pesticides that are being used to cultivate a lot of the foods and just the processing of the foods. So I would tell him to screw Merrick and keep doing what you do with the H.C.G. man. I just personally say, BORON, I don't even think he needed it unless he wanted to go down a PED route, you know. But I feel like he's got plenty of actual testosterone and if we can figure out what's going on with why it's, you know, I wonder what his SHBG is. Yeah, I wonder if they have that on the labs. I bet if he did like a big full panel with Merrick and Merrick set down with him, it's a big set up. By the way, remember we were talking about the hike in prices. I have to respond to this still, but one of our listeners has a T.R.T clinic or excuse me, he has a clinic that does labs and he has a company that does labs and he said that he is not seeing those prices increases. And then somebody else said in our comments that it's these companies like Quest in lab core that are boosting those rates because now they are offering, like you can go straight to Quest and get labs and so they're trying to box these other companies out. Wait, I'm sorry. Maybe I understand. So the question lab I raising your prices, you're trying to get people do boxing people out. Boxing people out from say go into Merrick instead come straight to Quest. That's why Quest is raising their rates. Yeah, they're raising their rates. I was married. So that you go, because you can go straight to Quest and get your labs done versus going to a third party like Merrick to get your labs done. So why not they're trying to instead of you going to Merrick, they want to be able to make all the profit by you coming straight to them. But how does that encourage me to go to them if the prices are higher at Quest? No, they're not. They're in chart. No, yeah, the prices are higher at Merrick. I think they're getting higher on all across the board on us. That's what I'm seeing. What I'm saying though is that the companies, one of our listeners said it's the companies that are actually doing the labs that are raising the price. Skip, are you following me here? Yeah, but you're not being very clear. You can see that Merrick is outsourcing it to a Quest or to a lab core. So lab core and Quest are charged by the price to push America out. Yeah, yeah. Because it's the merits that are charging more. Yes, no, Quest and lab core. They're responding by all reason rates a little bit. Like, I'll find out who this guy is. He says that if he's not seeing it, if I'm going to request a lab, I would take out Instagram and YouTube ads and say, look, bring us your, your bill from Merrick or Quest or one of the other competitors and we will guarantee people lower by 20%. Yeah, that's what I would do. Yeah, why not? And you're going to get all the business because all the coaches are going to say, hey, go to this guy. Yeah, we want to build off for people the best prices they can get, you know? Plus people will be more likely to get their labs done too. When the prices start going up, you know, they're less likely to get more done. I mean, because I get it. But it's a good day's body building world. It's expensive. We all have everyone has coach. Everyone has, you know, a couple hundred dollars a supplements to get a couple hundred dollars a PEDs to get a couple of dollars a food. A couple thousand dollars a PEDs. CEDs to get the food, the gym membership. I mean, it's, it's a lot more than just the casual hobby that it was. I guess when we all started where you, you gym membership was 30 bucks a month. You're a thousand A's cost. Yeah, yeah, your PEDs for a whole cycle was 550 or something like that. Yeah, there was no coaching. You know, you had to do it. We all did incone the message boards and ask questions from people and develops some theories. So yeah, I get it. It's expensive. Question for the next episode. Just completed a photo shoot. I'm really struggling to manage the food noise and want to eat everything in sight. Even when I'm not hungry. I started using 500 milligrams of metformin and in contemplating, compdom, completing, adding a low dose of retatru tied back in. But going into this health phase, but had hoped to give the GLPs a break. Any suggestions to get past this post show a photo shoot? Hunger. Thanks. Add the TLB bag in. Yeah, exactly. I mean, that's a good idea. Yeah, the other thing I tell a lot of people is like, it's okay to be hungry. Like we forgotten that right up until the 1900s, most of human existence was hungry for a lot of period of time. You know, and it is okay to be hungry. You're going to get healthier. You know, like your lives, your lipids and everything. They're going to improve if you're, if you're eating less than what you want to eat. There are a lot of people who right now think that the GLPs, their dosing needs to be increased because they have a little bit of hunger. Yeah. And I have to constantly tell my clients, we're not trying to eliminate it. Yeah. We're trying to soften the blow. Yeah. That's all we're to, you need to still be hungry. I agree. Yeah. I brought into a couple of people recently that are more casual bodybuilders that, that decided like, hey, I'm really overweight. I want to get into shape now. I've lost 60 pounds. And I'm at a point now that I want to hire you. And I want to take this a step further. But they've lost 60 pounds by like having a very low calorie diet. And they're sustaining that from higher doses of reddough. You know, that because you can suppress your appetite enough that you're just not going to want to eat. And you end up with a meal one that's like a latte. You know. So it's like, we got to pull that back and get some more food back in there. You know, yeah. I agree. All right. Let's see what else we have here. There were a bunch. How about this one, guys? Train question. It looks like. It's like. We got a problem. So trying to the offseason. Oh, this is a comment. So trying to end the offseason. We were talking about training the offseason on this episode. It was a couple of episodes. A few episodes. A few episodes back. Fren in the offseason should only be used for feed efficiency. What it was invented for as trend doesn't stimulate proteins synthesis very well. Nandrolone is so. He spelled it with all caps and extra. Much better. Same for test, premo, anodrol, debol, etc. When trend, what trend mainly does is prevent protein and muscle breakdown, which is why it shines in prep and not in offseason. Okay. So let's get to a question. What's next? Yeah. Okay. Well, I mean, I'm just saying it was a statement to clarify and to educate. So you read it. Do you agree? Can we do? Oh, I don't know. He didn't ask a question. Do you agree with a statement? No, I don't. I'll be honest, neither does 98% of the trend taking population. So there's a reason why things develop a following and a use because they work. I see people, I think it works so well. And that's why it's developed that reputation. Like people who are dieting are getting bigger. Yeah. Yeah, 1,000%. I don't think I was clear. Not 1 word, did he say? Did I agree with him? Okay. So, but I mean, you know, and that's okay. If that's, that's a canyron and okay. But also, I this is that there's no study done on human beings to use trend alone for anabolism. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like, it's a cattle implant. A cattle steroid. Used to fatten up. Okay, here's here's actually let me just clear this right up. What was the original use of trend alone? It was used to give the hefers to fatten them up. They gained an average of 40 pounds over the last two months before slaughter. So this isn't a catalus, a catablesum drug. It's an animalism drug. Wait a minute. Maybe the cows were eating last. And they didn't, I mean, it's just so silly. I know. I know. But my little fun with it. I mean, no disrespect to the guy. He said it other than to say, I just completely 100% disagree. Yeah, which he's a lot of is a opinion. Absolutely. And our, I'll speak for my not ours is backed by how many clients. How much personal use over. I don't even know my guess is over two decades of use. Um, okay. I eat. There's that opinion and then there's my opinion and that leaves out Andrews and Scots. And everybody else is who's because I don't want to speak for you. But I have a feeling that there are far more parallels with our opinions. Then there are with is put it this way. If the most well researched well, you know, money put into a study came out to said that trend is actually catabolic. I would rip that study up and I wouldn't give a shit. What is that? And I would keep on doing what I'm doing. Yeah, that's that right. So yeah. All right. Another kind of longest one here. I know you guys like test EQ MPP stack for growth phase. I'm curious across the board. What all you would think would good numbers would be for someone long with long-term experience with antibiotics who has been. On up to almost two grams, 750 tested 1200 mass and numerous 1.5 grams cycles. Test, test, mass or preemot with some MPP or DACA. Also, would you still choose standard EQ for this or would you if you could access Bold non-sipinate or bold ace would you choose them instead to get your levels up faster? As always, thanks for the effort putting all these shows together and posting for us. So the first part of the question is like, what would you see if he's used about 2200 milligrams a week of test and mass? About two grams at the highest. One point five at the most, how would we dose a test EQ MPP for somebody along that level of gear experience? Like 800 600 300 maybe? And you go 800 600, what? You go higher MPP right? I mean, I don't know. Like 800 tests 600 EQ and then 300 MPP per week, I think, could be at this person's gear level and experience. I think they wouldn't find that a grigious or, you know, they could probably go 844. Yeah, but yeah, I could with the E63 or, you know, 973 or 972 even something like that. Yeah, there's no wrong answer here. So 865 300. It's just my job, my job, I don't even have the energy. I don't even have the energy to put into it to make the joke even just moderately sufficient. Which way don't it, skip? I know, that's probably half the price. Yeah, I think that's the question now. Yeah. Yeah, that'll react the price for by CB. All that sort of is we need another donut step. Yeah. You know, another one of those mango donuts. And then what was the second part of the question? That was mainly, oh, would you go with a test, excuse me, Bolden on sipping eight, Bolden on acetate if those things are available? I don't know, never taken Bolden on that. I would stick with the familiarity of knowing the compound works, the way it works. It's always worked and I don't see any issue. There's not an aromatization issue, which is typically almost always the reason that I would prefer shorter ester. Yeah. Plus, you know, you can create a very similar effect by dosing it every day. You know? I have worked with one guy who was using Boldset. It was available from a source that was popular with an abord from like one of the guys that used to be around. He was not around anymore. I can't, I think it was like Boston's page. He had a source that had Boldset. And so it was like, there were people from that place that were like, you know, Boldset is the thing. You know, that's the money you want to run. So I never used it. First down. Got it from that. What a run that. Yeah. Yeah. But only you would have run it. Thought I left nothing on the table. I guess I did. Do you guys suggest every other day painting for TRT using the dog just laugh? No, that's just squeaky. Okay. I thought your dog was laughing. You really did. You thought it was a cool thing. It's a dog. It's a dog squeaky toys. He just knew you guys were talking about it because he just ran in here, proudest to be to show me his job. Did he? Yeah. Anybody I'll play with you in a minute. TRT using sip or anathate, would you do it every other day? Well, I thought we learned to sipping it. It doesn't build up levels in your blood. It disappears or something. Somebody said that in the comments the other week. Because of some a PD educator said it. Yeah, I have yet to hear that. I leave time for one week and I miss all this. I just got his gold comment. What's that? Yeah, I have yet to hear that statement being made. But yeah, I would say, I mean, it's popular now. Let's get to you remember 20 years ago. Anybody who was running a TRT or cruise still, 3 or even 10 years ago was like two times a week, one time a week. You know? I mean, I'll tell you, even, I don't, I, yeah, he said this in podcast. Like, meadows would take one shot of test to, test to, to sipping it to 50 per week. You know what? If you're going to, you don't want to deal with the shots. I don't see any problem with that. You know, most people, there's a rare person. Real rare person who maybe has some issues with estrogen that might do better with every other day or every day. But the number of people I've met in the past five years that think they are that rare person. You know what I mean? They're like, oh, well, I ever, I need to do it this way. Think it happened to one in a thousand. It's not to be me. Yeah, I'll tell you what though. I mean, I, I have fallen in love with every single day, 15 milligrams of testosterone injections because I, I swear to God, it's like kept me almost like I'm on a cycle. That's what I mean. Yeah, you, I, there is something, they should have something to do. I want to dose it once a week. I don't want to ride the little mini roller coaster. No, no, no, no. I'd rather have higher, and you can get higher blood levels with lower dosing and their stable. That means if they're stable, then your estrogen's going to be stable as well. So I put it this way. Like I was able to get my lab stone and Evan called me, I'm saying, it's a pony called me up and was like, you, your lab's were perfect. Like you got to prove faster for life insurance and this, oh, yeah, faster than anyone I've ever seen in my life. Wow. Like what the hell would you take? What would you stack for supplements and stuff? Yeah. Like you went out of his way to call me just to tell me that. Like you're going to get me mal for me real soon. Like with like the, the, the, the approval letter and everything. But I had to call you. This is crazy. I've never, usually it's a back and forth and you got to go get more testing and yeah. Yeah. So yeah, man, it's, it has kept me very stable and very, you know, healthy in the gym as well as my, healthy in the, in the labs. So I know why it says it's the ultimate turn off when I cry during sex. So, you know, I mean 32 years of marriage, I don't expect you to put up with everything. So I do my part. I go sit two or three times a week. Yeah. I'll do every other day, two, three times a week, something like that. And part of it is that, if I remember, well, that was always my issue was okay. I'll do every other day and then I miss a day. Yeah. And then I'm like, I'll do it tomorrow. It turns into like missing three or four days in a row. Yeah. So it almost becomes into once a week, but I told myself, if I'm going to commit to true PRT and stay in there for a period of time, I'm going to do it every day, religiously. Yeah. That's what I do. And I like insulin pinning for TRT, because I'm like, I don't want to go through just a normal shot. You know, for like half a mill of, seven eight, you know, also two. It's just, it, it, it takes me a lot more to get myself ready to do that shot. Like mentally. Like I just like, you've done enough of them. You know what I mean? For instance, when I'm like, yeah, I can do that. You do that. Save here. I'm a problem. You know, it takes 30 seconds. Yeah. Yeah. Versus the other one, I have to get it prepared. And then I set it down on my desk and then I do five other things. Like, I guess I should do it in five minutes. Yeah. I do my shots in the bathroom, so I take off the cap and I leave it against the water box. I'm just full of bad jokes today. Oh my god. Shut me down. Isn't it time to take us out? Yeah. Where's the outro? Where's the outro? What I need it? We're about there. All right. How about this one? We got a couple more. So I see for B.S.G. This is from Patreon. In 42 years old, I play Men's Hockey recreationally. I've gotten back into training for the last few months and I've gotten, had to gotten out of shape and heavy. So I decided to add in a little gear to help with my legs under my hockey. Move the weight a little more and hopefully get back on track. Things have been going great with 40 milligrams of anava every day, depending on the number of months I've been using. We've got two weeks of training, one CC of test 400 twice a week with the test 400 dose at 200 mill. Weight the test 400 is dose at 200 milligrams for Mill Li, which is 500 milligrams total, doing 2, 200 milligrams. No, no, no, no, no, of test under Cano8 and 200 test E. So it is 400 test. Overall, after five weeks, I feel fantastic. I bet you do. test to get about you do. Feel more like myself mentally. I'm getting stronger. Let's see. I'm trying to skip down to the question from here. Notice, muscular structure is saying, I'm looking jacked. This you I'm having. Okay, the issue I'm having is after being three weeks or so, my carbs have been, has, excuse me, my cardio has taken a dive. Thank you. All right, skating is extremely laborious. Getting cramps in my calves and my shins. So he's basically holding a lot of water. He's trying to take an electrolytes. The only difference is, let's see. Now is that I'm cleaning up my diet. I'm eating less, trying to lose weight, adding the gear. Could this be gear related? I'm going to say that as a body's not used to all the skating. You just come back to it, I'm not sure. No, he's been skating. I thought he picked it up because he was getting back into shape. No, he's got a lot of player. He's a hockey player. He's a standard. He's been doing that, but he got out of shape. And he hadn't been lifting it. So he's just getting back into it. He's just getting back into gear. I mean, as he put on a lot more muscle, a lot more water. That was scale weight up. Yeah, is it out? 25 pounds? Is it up? Is that what I'm wondering? You know? I mean, I wouldn't call 800 milligrams a test per week. An athlete's cycle for a performance athlete. That's a bodybuilder's cycle. You know what I mean? Yeah. So that's a lot of testosterone. Because I thought he'd started off by saying I decided to do a little TRT, but maybe he started off saying I was on TRT. And none of that, just 40 milligrams of vanifar and two CCs of test 400. And it's just 40 milligrams of antifar and 800 milligrams of test a week. And it's a long, long, long, long acting test with an undecanoy, right? Yeah. So it's like now he's whatever it was five weeks in, all that's built up. I mean, what would you guys say would be like a good performance cycle? Probably 400. Yeah, I was going to say half of that. Yeah. Get something else in there. Three, four, hundred. Um, the antivars shouldn't be doing anything. If it's slightly antivar, yeah. It's got antifar and it's fine a lot. Wouldn't it? Yeah. Yeah. Actually, I mean realistically, as an athlete, you don't need a ton of gear, you know, to get good performance, especially if you haven't taken it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, just that's a big jump from zero to 100. You know, like Andrew said, it's a bodybuilder's cycle. Yeah, that's a bodybuilder's cycle. So I mean, we'll put it this way. I wouldn't expect anyone of us to be able to do anything really athletic. You know what I mean? Like, especially when full blown on a cycle, like we try to move as little as possible, or at least, you know, athletes. I thought it was going to be an injury question. Yeah. Yeah. I thought maybe as hamstriggers me was baller or something. I'm like, well, you're 42 years old and you're skating. Anytime anybody, I'm here and here who is not familiar with going out apparently. I thought he just picked it up. You're going to put a certain plane pick up games of basketball as tell him. Get ready for any error hip injury because you're not used to moving laterally. Yeah. Big time. Yeah. I would say, you know what? I mean, even, I mean, I know he wants more than this. But like, if he was just on T or T, any added in 25 and avar, he's not going to get the boost he's getting now. But as a skater, like, I feel like you would get something out of 25. He could also not end up with that heavy, legion feeling that he's having with cramps and everything else. Arguably, he could perform better. Yeah. Yeah. What I'm hearing is that the actual PD cycle is detracting from his athletic performance. So if he's after true athletic performance, I think he's kind of like fell in love with all the dudes who noticed another gym like Yobro getting big, you know, that can change your mindset and that can be like, you know what, fuck this skating thing. I'm going to stick with the weight room, you know. I know he's thought about maybe I just need to take more. You know it's grown. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, let's just refer to just had some trend in dude. Yeah. Just even stare right, bro. If you haven't thought about just dance or be more. Exactly. Yeah. I mean, what I would tell him to do is probably do some hit cardio in his off time to help improve his explosive endurance or explosive Vos speed and maybe he needs to do like some endurance training to, you know, maybe some cardering. Maybe maybe some slew. Yeah. Hey, I think that lower dose test, like even like man, two thirds of one CC of his test 400 along with SLU cardering, then anvr at a lower dose, like, you know what, you're not going to get that crazy. I'm on a gram of gear field, but you were going to definitely get some crazy performance out of that and you're not, you're not going to get that like you called it skip that heavy leg at feeling, you know. Yeah. I'd be down for that completely. And, you know, the enhanced crew, the, they tried to, they did the, they juiced up a swimmer. And he was a, a former, a gold medalist, I think, swimmer and they're like, he's going to beat the previous records. He's going to do it gasped up and they had a couple of swimmers compete against each other that were gasped in the guy that they had gasped up got too heavy and he ended up slower. Then they expected, you know, because that everything I had heard like Victor Conte talked a lot about what he did, you know, back in the days with Belko. And they were, they would cycle on, say, wind stroll, like before everything happened. So the wind stroll would happen, like, leading in, then they come off of it because then they would lighten up and they wouldn't be as fast as they were. They wouldn't have the strength they had on the wind stroll. But now they're lighter and they've retained, you know, it's like three steps forward to one step back, you know. He was definitely ahead of his time for PD management with athletes. I would love to get him on the show, but I think he's too, too big for every, you know, you sure the outer, you sure he just, he's like, I'm not going to talk about PDs on a podcast. Any more, I think he used any of he has. Oh, did he? Okay. Yeah. Okay. That's how I learned about this stuff. I heard him with maybe Palombo or somebody years ago, but I read a lot of his stuff too. We kind of fascinate him. He's got that mustache, you know. He's a character. Yeah. You ever watched the documentary on him? No, yeah. I've seen a couple of things, but I don't know if I've seen like his documentary. It's not his. It's a documentary on him in the bouton. Oh, welcome. Yeah. Yeah. It's just kind of funny how a guy like him fell into coaching some of the world's best athletes, literally, legitimately the best athletes. And I don't think if I remember correctly, he was like a bodybuilder or a musician. Yeah. And it's just kind of funny. Just funny when you see someone in our world that didn't have a background of growing up with the sport or, you know what I'm saying, like PDs or a background the same way we did. Yeah. And, but somehow they're really good at what they do. Yeah. Yeah, he was kind of like a savant, you know. Yeah. That's what I mean. Yeah. All right. Well, we got to let Skip get out of here, man. For he, for crash is out. He had all this donuts. But listen, you got to learn how to better space your donuts, Skip. You know, I mean, that way we get your blood sugar up, but not so. Yeah. Yeah. You keep practicing. And in two weeks when we record again, we're going to expect that you have the donuts situation under control. Bring three donuts with you. Time of my life. So I'm going to be right. Some chicken is early tomorrow. Is that taken any more? Yeah. I'm all fooded out. What's your favorite thing that you've eaten since you've been done? There was very, very good food in Pittsburgh. The barbecue there that I had at Walters Southern Kitchen was off. Well, there's other dishes. Yeah. Not only the ribs, but the I have not had pork belly that has been this moist and this fatty. I ate a pound and a half of ribs and a pork belly. I had to stop myself because I was full enough to walk away and go, yeah, I'm not hungry. Yeah. But I wasn't miserable. And it was just, it was just butter. It was so good. It was so good. That's probably the best food that I had there. They didn't have a good bakery. You know, I do my dude do you go to Oakmont? Did not go to Oakmont. Oh, 350 bakery though. You missed out there. Yeah, I'm telling you. I'll be right in the next stellar review. There's sticky buns were insane. Skip likes to come. And it's not that get done with the show hunger. I've eaten too much good food to know the difference. Yeah. Really? And people were great. It was I'd never been to Pittsburgh before. OK. Got to the game. My dad. So nice. Nice. I had there was like a cheesecake, cheese steak place or something that was famous there. Come on. I was a Rubin. Yeah. But strongly. That's what it is. Yeah. I went to that place when I was a monster. Bro's or something. Yeah. Yeah. That was it. That was good. That was really good. We didn't get there. But we had a pommonti down here. So yeah, they're chained now. So they had a, I learned the story from moonlit, you know, moonlit burgers. They were somehow connected and they knew the history of the Phrmonti brothers. Because I thought Phrmonti started down here because they're in Fort Latterdale. But they started up there. But they had a vacation. The family had a vacation home down here. So they branched out now. They're in like I guess 60 different places with their. The family had sold the business. And they are known for their astronomy. And I think a room. If you ever get up this way, skip, we'll have all it to take you. Victorian eye. We'll have to take you to slow as barbecue. It's original Detroit style barbecue. And it's some of the best, man. And it's like it's not expensive. It used to be the thing is, man, it used to be the kind of place where you'd have to watch your car when you parked it. Oh, okay. It's right down the street from Old Tiger Stadium. Real rough area in your cast corridor. And now it's the right across the street. It was the old train station for like old, old train station. Twenty story building, you could see right through it. Like just because of all the windows are all busted out. Well, they've gentrified that area. I'm sure. Well, that's all. So here's the thing. GM just bought the train station all like you know, craziest lobby built in the teens or the 20s, you know. Read it. It was all trashed, man. Like that was the place as a kid everybody would want to go there and like get inside urban speed on King. But now, yeah, they read it the whole thing. And because of that, everything around it is kind of GM, it's their world headquarters. Now, right? It's very, very comfortable. Yeah, cookie company is nationally known for their cookies and their cinnamon rolls as well. Okay. They just won't ship their cinnamon rolls because they won't, they say that it won't. The tiger. The quality of the food won't hold out. I've never been there. I'll have to check that place out. That's very good. All right. My dog has been standing on his hind. I just sent you a picture actually of him standing there looking at me. He's the whole like dude wrapped this up with the whole thing. Time's on. Yeah, yeah. He's like you already said. Yeah, he said five minutes, five minutes ago. Yeah, that's it. Guys, we've just stamped on his on his hind legs. I appreciate you tuning in. Thanks for being here with us and leave us comments for the next episode. Of course, go to buddyberry.com, reach out to Andrew and team skip.com to reach out to skip. Hit me up at McNally. Dietz at Gmail.com. And of course, check out true nutrition.com. Porter sponsors use code think also supplement source.ca for Canadians. Thank you to everybody once again from Patreon and for another episode. Let's wet in your guys. We will see you soon. Thank you, everybody.