Hey everybody, welcome to It's Just Body Building. I'm Big Ron Part Loan. Of course I'm here with Dusty Handsha and the producer Scott McNally. Remember to like, share, subscribe, comment, and bring them up. Yes, okay. And remember, I am mutant.com. Go to I am mutant.com, get your ISO surge, get your all in, and everyone should get on the gear. Yes. And of course for those of you who don't quite get that joke, the gear is their EA. Right? Right. Start telling that. G-E-A-A-R. Yeah, the gear. The gear. Okay. So we're not going to talk about hockey. I know we finished the last episode. We're going to open with the Pittsburgh Pro controversy. I mean, isn't controversial the Robobank? Because you Robnex. Do you think it was a flat-o robbery, Dusty? Like, let's get that out of the way. Like, what do you think? Do you think it was a flat-o robbery? Well, let's talk about what we did over the weekend while this happening. We were all talking. Three of us in our group chat. And when I watched the videos, I said I think next winning. Then I saw still pictures. And I said, I think Derek is winning. And it wasn't until someone who I trust very much that was there put up a post breaking on the show, which is in. And I said, okay, next winning. Because the way he broke it down was what I saw in videos, the pictures were a lot more clear than the videos which made me think, and I, Derek's got it. But once he broke it down as being there, I said, you know, I got to go with the end because it looked solid. So do I think it was a robbery? No, I think it was a 15 to 15 score by the end with Nick winning the pre-jaging by one point and Derek winning the night by one point. And then something had to happen. What do you guys see? Well, I watched the live stream. I paid the, what is it? Well, 2999 American, which is like, you know, $300 a year. That's all I need. And it's a $300. As our dollar continually gets less. At least it wasn't next week. It would cost more than an amazing government. Yeah. So I watched the live stream. Braden came over and we put it up on my big screen and we watched the finals. Nice. And so what I saw was, I need those. Yeah. All right. So he thought Nick was winning. Braden thought Nick was winning. He's like Nick's gonna win. Like right down to like when they did the tiebreaker. He's like, I think Nick's gonna win. But yeah. I wasn't that sure. I thought Derek could win this. And at the very last call out when they did the tiebreaker. And then they asked him to switch sides. I was like, oh, I know this sounds weird. But when they asked him to switch sides, yeah. I suddenly thought it made a difference. Huh. I kind of went like, oh, wait a minute. Derek's gonna win. And I know that the guys do in the commentary Ian and Foo Ed. And when they did the back double buy set, they were saying, well, look at Nick's hamstrings. Yeah. Nick's hamstrings are so crazy. Yeah, they really were too. And I was like, yeah, yeah, they are. But Derek's back is still better. And his glutes. And his glutes are still like fill Heath style. Flex Lewis. Flex Lewis style, ripple chip. Super, super, super quality shredded glutes, which is like, I know that's not how you judge a show. But it's just hard not to look at. I know that. Yeah, let me, it looks like he's never taken a shot, right? And he has some. And his hamstrings are still good. Like Derek's not the best at flexing his hamstrings in the back shots. He's not the best at displaying that pose for his hamstrings. But he still had a better back. He's got a thicker back down the middle. The back doubles chunk here. But then Nick's arms are crazyer from the back. Yeah, right? So like then back double, the arms make a big difference. So it was so close. I would say that that was fair enough, the closest call I have seen in years and years at a show. That was a fair tie breaker. Like for them to say we need a tie breaker, I didn't think that was weird. I thought, holy, they're really, really trying to get this right. At the end of the day, I think Derek's quads from the front, even though his quads weren't as nutty as at the Arnold when he was like perfect. His quads still have deeper separation than Nick's. They still have more striations when he locks his leg out. He still has a cleaner kind of look in some of the poses like his conditioning may have been eight. Like like don't even want to use the wrong word, but his condition might have been better. Which is why I think they went with them. When they break down the poses, I had the front double is difficult because Nick has better arms. But I thought Derek has better broquettes. Yeah, I think Nick has like Nick's arms are just like massive bicep peaks with like crazy gnarly like their better arms. Derek's biceps aren't his strong point. He kind of has like a full round flatter muscle belly. I think that Nick has a more monstrous look, but it's definitely not prettier. And I think that that's probably what the separation was. You know, you can go, I had it four poses to four poses is how I broke it down. That's how I had them winning out of the seven mandatory's in the most muscular. I had it four poses to four poses, which is why they would have a tie it makes sense. But at the end of the day, see I think Derek's back is better there. He's got a wider thicker back than Nick. I know it's like minor. And then Nick's hamstrings are crazy. But it man, it was so fucking close. And I think the reason they went with Derek is just because he's at had prettier. See I think Derek wins that shot clearly. It's hard for Derek to lose that shot. It's hard to lose that shot. The rear double biceps definitely is. I had them with the rear lats spread to even though the ham's are better on Nick. I know the guys online were saying the front lats spread I actually gave to Derek because there's something about Nick's front lats spread. I don't quite like yet. Right. It's like, I don't know what it is. But I just think he doesn't win that pose out, right? I thought that he won the most muscular. Nick definitely won the most muscular. Derek has a problem with his most muscular. It's like he doesn't flex his pecs. People say his pecs aren't striated, but they are. He just isn't like crunching them. Like you know, when I did the most muscular, when most like you did them dusty, you push your hands together in the pecs go. Then they break out, right? And I don't know why Derek's pecs don't do that when he does the most muscular. It's like you kind of let some hang almost. It bothers me. He's just giving up that pose. And then this is going to sound like a nitpick. But I don't like Derek's ab thigh. Because I feel like he's not fully flexing his abs. I feel like he's trying to draw his ab wall in a bit. And it makes the lines between, I would say brick out. Like I tell my guys, blow out all your air. Like blow out as much air as you can. And then cough. And get right down on your abs, so they're fully bricked out. And I feel like Derek holds back a bit and tries to pull his ab wall in a little. And Nick just blows out on his abs. And see if he knicks all bricks there, right? Yeah, yeah. Go to the ab thigh ab thigh where Derek's doing it correctly. Also hate that variation he does. Yeah, that's not an ab thigh. I think, you know, it holds you back in that shot. You saw that. You had put it up earlier somewhere. I don't know where it was. Derek gives away the ab thigh because he doesn't hit it properly. And then he gives away the most muscular. And that's a problem. But I thought at the end of the day, there you go. Yeah, that's to me he's solid. You know what bothers me about the whole thing is it when, and that's why I said robbery. Really? Like if you're throw away your feelings and look at these photos, all of them go up to the side chest, look at them. That chest is wrong. But it's right above, go up a little bit. No, it's on the same picture. Oh yeah. Like you can't tell me that either, like I would've been fine with either from winning. Oh yeah. Look at this shot. Okay, so to me, from the waist up, Derek got that shot because it has flow. From the waist down, I look at the side of Nick's legs and his glutes, he pulls him in better on that shot. I'm like, okay. Nick, so I'm literally arguing with myself. And then it comes down to a one point decision. And I think that that's justified. But I think what it is is, everyone should on Nick for so long that when he came back, the best he's ever been. They just wanted him to win because they wanted him to win. The thing I didn't like was that when people are screaming robbery in all this, they're indirectly tearing Derek down. And I'm like, so go to the outside and scroll down, scroll down. So even though I think, well, Derek's hitting his abs pretty good there, but he also isn't masterful at holding them like that. They kind of fade in and out because he's breathing. Nick's is locked in. But look, look at the width of the lats versus the width of the waist. I think Derek has a lot more taper. Sure. And I think that this little things like that. And I don't know if the user word polish or whatever, or just shape and structure is why he won. So I'm not saying that I had Derek winning. I'm saying I totally understand why it went that way. Yeah. And you can understand if it went the other way. That's the other way. It's just, oh, Nick's a little freaky here. Like it's. And I know that people love Nick. And also too, we've completely skipped over the fact that Nick fucking after how many disappointments was it three disappointments? Two majors. Two majors. Yeah. He just stops into this show looking absolutely nuts. And like, wow, like now how's the Olympia look? You know what I mean? Yeah, I'm going to be shuffling about. I mean, we didn't see Nick for like what? Three. It's been three years. No, and he's a factor now. You know what I'm saying? Bob definitely has to pipe down. Yeah. It was so funny that he put up that clip where he dusty where you were talking about how people were like, you should retire. Yeah. Exactly. I'm sure of those people now. Yeah. The thing that I liked about Nick that really, as a fan, and as a spectator to any physique show that I really, the spot I thought he owned Derek on, was that when Nick came out, he was, he was given the crowd like I know that I'm nuts. And I did feel like watching it, Derek looked nervous to me. While he was saying I got this, I don't think he was short. I think that's why Nick had the look of disappointment when he lost. I mean, it's not just that he lost. It's that he absolutely knew he was winning in his head. And I think that that's enormous. And I know I sent this thing to Ron yesterday, Bumsted put up a video talking about it. And the cliff notes are simple. I'm afraid of Nick now, because this show absolutely put fuel on a fire that didn't need it. And when I'm coming to the Olympia, if you ask me if Nick can win the Olympia, this year the answer is yes. Yeah. Suddenly, like, can, and I will not be surprised if he does. No, one bit. I'm more confident in Nick winning the Olympia this year. Then I was two years ago when I thought he would win. So my vote right now seeing no one is I think that Nick will very possibly win the Olympia in the reverse. Derek won and he knows it was by a hair, right? Which I said Canadian hockey player would say it's a certain type of hair. Yeah, exactly. Rimes with fun. Anyways. But he, so that should fuel him as well. Yeah. And the craziest part is, Sam's got to be watching this going. Oh, shit. Like, I got to deal with two of you now. So I hope, and I think that we will see all three of them at their best and it's going to be impossible. That's giving nuts. I feel bad for the judges when they're looking, because it's going to be exactly what Ron just did. Well, when he has the haven't died, I do notice that Derek's chest is a little fuller on the haven't thought, I mean, they're not going to have to like pick it apart. Yeah, it's not just like state level judging. You know what I mean? First, like, you know, guy walks on stage first. Like, oh, yeah. This is far from this. It's like a possibly V. You know, all I know is Jim. Get our seats ready because we're going. If you see me disappeared during pre-judging, I went to lunch. It's a lunch. It's it's it's it's it's it's it was an awesome show. It was everything like as a business person. The guys that promote the Pittsburgh Pro, which obviously it's a man in show, you know, but they did a great job having the live stream of in number. Thing went really well. The live stream was super easy to the actual was not by it. Well, what's it doing went well? The expo as well. And then they wind up like, what more could you ask for at your show, then to have that type of a finish, right? Yeah. And that the year you put up the 100K and you try to like, step up the show and that happens and you have it. You know, step up the first show. Ah, yeah. Oh, one more little quick correction for the kids out there is last week. I said, hey, what did the prize money used to be for the Pittsburgh Pro? So it's 100 grand. And not all these people messaging me. They're like, there was no Pittsburgh Pro. You moron, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. That means I'm like, I'm like, oh, wait, wait, wait. There was a 1993 Pittsburgh Pro. There was a 1994 Pittsburgh Pro. There was a Pittsburgh Pro in the 90s. Milo did it every year. Did it? Yeah. So like, I know that you weren't born yet, but they're used to be a Pittsburgh Pro. And it was a tier three show. That's what I was referring to the old days. But you know, you'd have to think of more than just your lifetime to get that. You have to laugh around because I put up a post about because I have a few clients and one of our team people that's competing in the USA is competing in these shows. Like I'm doing nationals. I'm like, yeah, I saw that. So I put the post up and I said, nationals is in November. And then I made it text. It's in December now. I'm like, it used to be in November. Yeah. So it's the last pro qualifier in the US. And it's actually the name of the show. The NPC nationals. Yeah. The other one's called the USA's and there's an North American Seattle. And how about this? And how about this? Some people are like, yeah, yeah, yeah. So and another thing that bothers me and I don't mean to trip on like almost everyone who says this. But when you say, I mean to, they say, oh, I'm doing the van pro. I'm like, no, you're not doing the van pro qualifier. Yep. You're doing the van amateur. Yeah. The van pro is on the following day. And it's the pros. Yeah. You're not a pro. You're not doing the van pro. Yeah. And then be like, if I was doing the amateur show at the Chicago pro, I'm like, oh, yeah, guys, get ready for Chicago pro. Chicago pro. So they're doing the Olympian. Doing like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm doing the Olympian. But mine's on Wednesday. Yeah. See, like, the Arnold people get it right. Because they say, I'm doing the Arnold amateur. Because they title the show properly. Yeah. Because the van pro is actually called the van pro. Yeah. So you're doing the van amateur. You're not doing the van pro. You have a pro card for that. Yeah. That's the one in Valera one. And Vancouver a couple years ago. Right. So that's my little thing. And I just try to remind people that like to walk around saying you're doing the van pro. You're not. I actually had a, so I had a client, Jennifer, that I love. As soon as she won a show, I told her I wanted to do the junior USS. Yeah. And then like the next day, she posted up like, nationals, here we come. So I immediately messure. I'm like, it's not a big deal to not most people. But to me, this, yeah. Here's what's called. So when I put that post up, I literally messaged her before I hit post and said, the post is about to go up. Not about you. I mean, a little bit, a little bit about you, but not really direct it as you're not. Final influence, maybe not just you. Yeah. And she goes, oh, okay. Yeah. That one for now. That one for now. Time for an F bomb. Yeah. I got to talk about somebody else too. What about this guy? Check this guy out. Boom. Terrence Ruffin is not only back. Terrence Ruffin is the best he's ever been. Oh yeah. He was, he was perfect. He looked fantastic. Wasn't his a one point win also? Was it? Like there's with a tie. I think he won by one point. Okay. I always tell you about how that went. But I went to him. He looked at him. Incredible man. And the guy that got second was really good. Oh, well, I was he wasn't quite. He wasn't as pretty obviously like, you know, then classic. There's like so many genetic factors for shape and structure. So he he's going to give that up. Stand in next to Ruffins. And the way Ruffins displays his physique to like his absolute strongest possible suit. Yeah. But the other I can't remember the dude's name helped me out. Scott, the guy got second. Hold the I'll pull up just second after the video. Dude. Yeah. Really big upper body. Awesome. I think it was more early that Terrence has in this video. Just it blows me away. Just before we got to him, I just wanted it as this video of finishes. I want to say man, like, I feel like he had he had been waiting and waiting. He'd been gone for a few years. You know what I mean? Yeah. I just feel like people people forget so fast. There were some things that were down in the middle here. If he just I think it's that guy. Just go straight to this guy. Yeah. Yeah. Isn't that the second place? No. No. Hold on a minute. There was a video. There was a guy with this guy. There was a couple of. Oh, right there. There we go. Is this a good picture? I think that is him. You're right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That dude was great. He was a gnarly condition. Really, really good classic guy. Just not quite as pretty, right? You know, you're standing next to like in classic. There's just that. It's hard to be that pretty and then have to say not quite as pretty. Yeah. Yeah. That conditioning. That. It just get into the open if he chose to. Yeah. I don't know what his body weight was, but he doesn't look like he's underweight for his height. Look at look at the hamster. He's like thick lats. Not talking about the hamster. Look at these hamster. Yeah. No kidding. There's not an ounce of fat on that guy. So, Fooad in the commentary. Fooad said he thought his conditioning was in person. He thought it was some of the craziest conditioning he'd ever seen in his entire life. Wow. Fooad seen a show or two. Yeah. He doesn't know. Yeah. I mean, look at that. The way I want to note for those of you that watch a live stream, Fooad and Dennis James are a great pair. They get along. They banter well. Dennis is a very easy guy to talk to. Fooad's a very easy guy to talk to. So, that always goes well, right? Yeah. But they added Ian this year. And I don't know if that was the first time he has joined an IPB live stream. I, because I don't know when I was getting the live stream, right? Yeah. But with Ian there, it was another level of way better. It's because nobody knows Fooad like Ian does. So when you get Dennis and Fooad together, it's like, oh, hey, like maybe they haven't talked in a few months, right? Yeah. So they go, hey, and they get going. But when you go through Ian in, there's this instant flow where Ian can like hop in and it's like, you know, like if I was doing a show with mellows and then you added Dusty, I would be better because Dusty was there. Yeah. Just makes the Fooad Ian dynamic and then with it just was awesome. They were just great. Nonstop, good commentary, very productive. I thought it was entertaining to listen to. That's what we need to. Oh, yeah. You know, just like commentary in general, we were talking about that after the show, I think it was last week about hockey commentary and how that's changing. You know, all this stuff, this is what bodybuilding needs. Like you want to make the sport more accessible. It's not like, well, it's not like, like we say, you know what they used to do, they used to be like, well, in the evening, they're going to come out and they're going to do their individual routines. Yeah. It's insulting people who paid. They know that. I know that. It doesn't know that. Yeah. No one who paid $30 needs you to tell me that. Yeah. I have to do this because it's our usual breakdown of shows and I have to go backwards one more time because there's no way in how that we can't talk about bone act and Martin. Yeah. But after pre-judging, there was third and. Oh, yeah, third and fourth and fourth and I was like, this was tight. Bonehawk has a shot with Martin and I still knew Martin was going to win. I wasn't sure. He blows my mind. He won't go away. Yeah, Bonak. Bonak will be way too. He will not go away. So I thought the only reason like Martin, obviously, added great size. Because the sweep to his quad. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I mean, holy shit. So when Bonak and Martin were doing their final call out at night, I guess Bonak was a head in the morning and then Martin pulled ahead of him at night. I guess that's what happened. They were saying that Martin was fading in the morning, which I didn't watch the lives. So I don't know. But he was better when he came out, yeah, put it in and faded a bit. Yeah. And obviously, he tightened that up before the night. But man, like number one seeing Martin absolutely cement the fact that he is one of the guys, which we already knew, but you still need that other show. Yeah, he had that good Olympia, right? He had that Olympia where everyone's like, oh, but now it's like, oh, again, okay. Now you're expecting it this year's a lot of you're beating Bonak. And then you're looking at Bonak and you're going, you, you past guys that we had beating you, easily, easily past them. Like unbelievable. So I had to bring both of those guys up for obvious reasons. Yeah. Plus just, I like both of them on a personal level. So that's awesome. I mean, look at the front double on Bonak and that shot. Like, oh, yeah. Crisot, how do you look like Crisot when we had, we don't even mention you? Yeah. Yeah. What was the story on Crisot Iran? What did you see watching the livestreams? So Crisot just has a couple of structural challenges that make them self-apparent right off the bat. So you'll walk out and you stand in the front relaxed and right off the bat, he's got a structural issue with structural acts. Yeah. So, and you know what, how that is. Like, it's just such a problem if you've got to overcome kind of, he's got real wide, but high lats in the front relaxed. Mm. So it's kind of, it's just an unusual look. And then his back needs to be bigger. Like, he's shredded to the bone and he's got all that gnarly muscle on him. But on the stage, his back needs to be bigger, his posing needs to improve. There's some things like that. But even having said that, he like, Plinko is to fifth, you know? And I ended up in that lineup and he's, I mean, he's, you know, he's a type of bodybuilder where anyone who sees him in person is just going to be, what the fuck is that? Yeah. He's going to be F bombs. You know? But you, you, you put him in that lineup again. So, season guys, like those guys are masters at presenting their physique. I mean, you got Bonaak in there, just like, that's what he's all about, right? And that's what happened when he was doing the last call out against Martin. I was like, well, Martin's got like, he's got like the more classic. And I don't mean classic in like a Bumsted way, but I mean, a classic in like an old school. His side chest is like round and full and it's got all those crazy flow to it. And Bonaak has a little bit of a different look to him. He's not, he's not structurally the best. Yeah. But the muscle quality is like that polished old boot. Right. Like, like, looks like they're more comfortable once a bro. Yeah, just looks like you look at him and you're like, oh, that guy's done a million reps. Right. And I know that that's not actually what it is. I need to know people are going to see it. That's not, it's not scientific, but that's what the, the thought is is that's like, that's like one of those masters guys. He gets the most muscular. You know, those masters guys that come out like the USA's and stuff and he hit the most muscular and you're like, god, what the, just crazy, gnarly, everything just ripping out of the bone and Bonaak has that nuts. So look to them and that's, if I used to. So today, you know, yeah, I'm also today. It's like weird crazy to see him at his best. When I felt like man, I remember him beating Luke, sandow and seeing him backstage and just him being just so incredibly crazy. Then, and I feel like that was not an era ago, but like a half of era of body. You don't, I mean, and he's even better today, which is mind blowing. Well, the thing as to is he's got some issues from being older that have deteriorated, but he has overcome them with other areas is improved and then he just knows how to show it. Like you were saying, Ron, I consider Krizzo like, you don't want to start a hockey game. It's like, you know, it's like a game down to two goals. And that's a sense of what happens when you come out and do your front relaxed, next to Derek. Yeah. Like, now you're down to goals and we haven't finished the quarter turns. Yeah. And you got to make your way back up in the poses, you know what I mean? So there's that also, Scott, if we, if we, if they're on there, yeah, there's no way we can't talk about the Italian. Oh, yeah, yeah. And that was a manual, Muna, Muna's. I had his name. Is that how you said it? Muna, I think. We're sure. We'll say yes and get yelled at. It was, yeah. Manual, moonas. I guess you'd say it. But pose a manual. Moonas, that's what it is. All right. I wanted to get that right. Although I butcher his name, so I probably should have said anything else. We'll be throwing that. We'll be throwing that. We'll be throwing that. We'll be throwing that. We'll be throwing that. We'll be throwing that. We'll be throwing that. We'll be throwing that. I was like, well, that's over. I mean bananas as always. I think she's better than ever. Yeah, she's a great. Look at the tail sheep on her neck. I mean, just insane. She's not on those how to hit her shots. Look at the last. Look at the lats on her coming out of the waist. Detailed through the glutes. Always nice. That's right. And I like her look better than Sarah Vargas personally. I would pick her all day for Olympia. I think Sarah is a structural train wreck. It takes one to no one. Sarah is like her conditioning is obviously pushed the entire division. Go to the second place girl. She's just the right of what you do in the tally right there. She was awesome to me. Oh, yeah. But as soon as I saw her, I was like, she could, from the back, she could bodybuild. I mean, yeah, she was awesome. Try and see if she can. Look at the back when she hits this shot, the rear double. It just conditioning on my style. Yeah. She was awesome. When you can look that good in place second, that's very telling for how great Italian was. Yeah. Yeah. Natalia is tiny waist and the crazy ridiculous X taper. Like I was going to say V taper, but then with the quads. It's. And that's the first impression down two goals to none right off the bat when Natalia walks out from the front like that, right? Yeah, it's a lot to beat. So. And then of course, Lola wins a figure. Yeah. You know, there's Natalia. So congratulations. And then Lola, of course. I mean, you know, basically comes in like the terminator. It's hard to even stand next to the incredible. Absolutely mind bogging. For those of you who have never seen Lola Montez in person, yeah. Off season or contest, she will put your thoughts that you're a good body builder to change. It's a figure competitor, right? Right. Right. And you know, you see these body builders walking around and they walk by and look at her and they look at her calves. Oh, look at her. Dalson. They're like, oh, she looks like a legit superhero in this picture. Yeah, isn't she? Yeah. Like legit. Like in person, it's worse. And you know, that's got like when she's standing there and like shorts. Yeah. And a top here like, I mean, I've known her for years and every time I kind of look at him like, okay, so your waist is my wrist. But your quads are my quads. That's weird. Yeah. They like bubble like Philheets. It's like boo. Yeah. She has that ridiculous look to her. And I mean, in, you know, technically she's tiny. Yeah. She's a tiny little human being, but the muscle bellies are just explosive. And when you see her in person, you really get like a strange like realization of, oh, like, because you think the figure girls aren't, I don't know. You just don't think they're carrying them out of muscle. But then she just is carrying so much muscle on her little tiny bird frame. Look at the top of her calves there. Yeah. Yeah. What the fun? You know, again, another F bomb for the kids. You know, and it's, she's something else. I told her when she got third at the old last year. She was like, we're just having a conversation and she's like, well, what did you think? And I was like, I don't know what to say about you getting third because when I see her, I just see like a fully loaded Mercedes with all the bells and whistles. Yeah. That's a great way of putting it. You know how like some people, you're like, all the physics awesome. But you know, what are the bells and whistles that are rare, right? You get the crazy triceps, the crazy lower lats, the amazing calves, the perfectly, the glutes that easily come in and get the nice, sharp, crazy corner on them that some people just don't have. They get stridey glutes, but they don't have that. You know that long corner that Ronnie Coleman had? Yeah. She has got that. So it is terrible. So it is terrible, right? And you know, just the, you know, just the bubblyness is just, just everything is fully loaded, fully loaded. And I, when I think she's going to win an Olympia, I just don't know when that's going to happen. Or I mean, vitamin C's retired now. So that's going to help obviously, just like finally, you know, open it up a bit, but we're just going to see what happens. Because I would not be surprised if a little of my test wins an Olympia. And I will also say that back when I used to work at mutant, we found her an Instagram. And I said, I get to get this girl a mutant and she wasn't even a pro yet. Okay. I really talked her into joining mutant and the very next show, she won the Arnold Amateur and got her pro card. No kidding. So like we saw her like before and I was like, when I saw her an Instagram friend, when I first saw her was like, uh, what who is this? And that was like years ago, right? That's a mutant when you bring, make that. Yeah. She fits the brand. Really nice person. I hadn't really talked to her last until the Arnold this year. And I talked to her a bunch, and talked to her after too, you know, she said she has a pretty crazy story. We should get her on here because I haven't heard it. I was like, all right. Well, I want to hear it. So we should get her on the show. She tell us that story. You know, she comes. She comes from a very like crazy background of like, you know, coming from absolutely nothing. Yeah. You know what I mean? We're on that spot. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Cool. So did we cover? Do we barely cover enough? Show to consider it. Show coverage. I think we've figured on it. Yeah. All the other friends we've ever had. No terrible. We did three whole divisions. Well, we did three four. Four divisions. I don't even remember what we did. See, I've pulled up the name for the guy who got second place in classic. How about that? And I almost got his name right. Pose. Yes. I think I think you might have got there. I might have. Maybe not. Somebody will crash me. Somebody at home is going. That's not my name. Yes. Venus. Yes. I think you're like the actor. That's how it helps me with that. But I didn't read it. Okay. All right. Got it. What are we off to now? What are you talking about? We'll after that. It's back to back, man. We don't get any rush because now that you're in the house coming up. Yeah. And I sent you guys the thing that Nick Walker's coming for. To be the only guy to win three New York pros. Oh yeah. Oh, three rings. No one's ever won three. Really? You know, run out of fingers. Yeah, you're right. We're going to win three New York pros. Yeah, we've done three. Yeah. Well, oh no, sorry, wrong guy. Sorry, Justin. Um. Now, now here's this to an off question. Did Jake Hutter win three night of champions? I don't think so. Hi. Is he used to call to an O.C. right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So there you are. Do I know Flex won a couple? I know Marcus changed our life with one. And is Martin coming? I assume Martin's. Dude, so that imagine this. There's been so much talk. Like we heard Dave Palumba the other week say, you know, I think Martin. Martin. I think Martin had it. You know, that he thought that Martin had actually beaten Nick. A couple years back at the New York pro. And people have been talking about Martin's getting better in this and that. Now we see Nick Walker. I almost feel like we're set up here for a really cool rematch of Martin is showing up to this show. You know what I mean? Both of them back at the same show. Let's do this again and see how the see how the chips fall this time. Yeah. Right. I mean, I love Martin. But I think the gap is too wide. Because Nick would have to be off. Which is not going to happen for him to lose tomorrow in a week. I think that like Martin obviously, you know, making huge improvements. And like, but in the front double by step, I just, I just don't see how anyone at this show can stand next to Nick in the front double by step. So that's like right off the bat. It's like, well, he shit. He's going to be told the welding shot. Yeah, I'd be really tough. Those are what happens, man. There's seven other poses. Yeah. Yeah. So in SAS is going to be there, I think. Yeah. Yeah. So that's, so that's another. Man, SAS just has a way of picking shows with. Freaks rolling by the way, we did try to find a competitor list and we worked our face all the way. I guess there's no official competitor list for these jets. So chat, CBT couldn't find a beach. Yeah, chat, does. So I know this show comes out Wednesday and you guys might be like, it's right here. Yeah. It's Monday. It was like, it wasn't. Yeah. Right. It's good. Yeah. But it's a good bit for you to get a basket, see good pounds? Yeah, so you guys know winning or Fusion wins really well. OK. Right. Right. So you guys write on it or you guys write on it or you guys with you guys have a good job semial. So you guys have your conditions been well being well in action. You guys have that MξC mod season and everything. Oh, right. stage just being relaxed and walking around. I couldn't stop thinking his delts are humongous. Like there's just his delts reminded me and his width reminds me of Jay. Yeah, how Jay's delts just had that ridiculous coat hanger width to them. Yeah. And they were like, you know, just he walked on stage sideways and he'd be like, it was delts are huge and then he turned to the front and he's like, oh my god, Jay's so white. Because Jay was always the widest guy in the lineup and that's where Nick is now just like standing, you know? Yeah. Yeah. When he walked out of the actual reminded me of how Phil used to walk out. Like he came out and it was like, I always feel like the guys were in the nail it. They come out almost like you're welcome. Right. You're welcome. I'm going to let you see this, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It was great to see. So I'm looking forward to that and not looking past it, but man, the Olympia. Oh, it's going to be a fun one. It's going to be wild man. Maybe we got a bunch of listener questions guys. I want to jump right in with this one. Mega mass equipment. What are your feelings on it, Ron? I am not a gym owner, but listening to guys talk about all the moving parts of different machine makes me a bit wary. So I never heard of this brand and I message them or I commented back and I guess Ron, this is a rather Texas. They're out of Texas. Oh, God. Texas. I have a lot of feedback on this one. Okay. Yeah. You go take it then because I don't own any Mega mass stuff yet. So I talked to Justin Chier about this yesterday. Okay. Because Mega mass kind of seems to do two things. They've got old school remakes that seem to be very good. So Justin Chier is black T-bar that he's using the chess supported T-bar. That's a Mega mass T-bar, but it's a copy of an old body masters. Oh, yeah. Yeah. And and I don't know if he's changed anything about it or you know, made it better or anything. But Justin Chier said that he loves that T-bar and it's his favorite chess supported T-bar ever. And it's a copy of an old body masters. So they've obviously done a great job at that. And then Justin Chier also has the Mega mass copy of the old Flex Row, the Flex leverage row. And I believe we also have I believe it has a pin to separate unilateral from bilateral. Oh, I might be it. I might be wrong. I know they did that on the press. The flex doesn't have it so other. Yeah. So the old Flex leverage stuff is not unilateral. That's one of the things about it. That's why if it gets bent it's not quite great because I don't know how to get bent though because I think it's so heavy. Right. Like they do over time sometime. Justin, uh, loading on Justin posted a video doing three plates of side on that. Yeah. And I had to comment because I don't think most people know how heavy three plates of side on that is. Yeah. It is heavy. I see people at the gym fell immediately like a young guy puts a plate on his side. They grabs it and he's like, oh, yeah. Because he arms pretty long. Yeah. When you can move the chest piece on it too, so you can make it longer and as far as you're reaching, then the arm itself is way out in front of you. So it's heavy. So I know, um, I know Dusty has problems with one of the pieces, but the, um, the not-a-less leverage line that is because what happened short, long story short, star track, bot flex fitness. Okay. And then for years, star track made the leverage line and they just made the small square tubing that flex had, they just made it bigger and rounder. But all the angles were the same. So if you use a star track flat press, star track decline press, it's the same machine. Yeah. But, um, then star track, bot not-a-less. Yeah. And star track decided to go back to just being cardio. So they moved the strength equipment into the not-a-less brand. So now that same leverage line is made by not-a-less. And Dusty was training on it at Crunch Fitness there. I really like all those pieces. I'm big fan of them. Dusty didn't like to row. He had to stand sideways in the row. Yeah, because the row, the, the, the problem with the row is your, the way that it moves, it pulls it away from you. Yeah, Dusty didn't like the line. You, but you do that, but the, the inclined, the flat awesome pieces. Yeah. That not their approach was like, I felt like it was made by someone who'd never actually done a row. Yeah. And he has styrods. We're going to get to go. Yeah, we have actually like the high row because the hammer one sets down on me, but the not-a-less high row, the, the leverage, uh, remake. I loved it. But he's doing those pieces too. And I believe I might be wrong. I know he did it on the chest presses, but I think there's a pin that separates uni from bilateral, which is like an upgrade, right? But anyways, long story short, he makes those, and Justin says he loves all of them. But then he's also got those pieces that we've seen, which have all the moving parts and the rails on them. I think that must be what he's talking about because he said all those moving parts. And I mean, I'll admit they're like, you know, because at West Coast Island, we have a footprint concern about things, right? I mean, I don't know. I got so much space. We got a lot of equipment jammed in there. I'm already banging my chin sometimes. So, um, that's, I would simply be too big for our gym. And, um, and again, I'm not a massive moving part fan. But hey, you can make things stronger shit, and they don't break. So, maybe he's doing a great job, and I don't have any reviews on that stuff yet. Okay. The only thing that I have from a few people is grade equipment, those pieces, if it's not in a gym that's seeing a ton of people. So, I've had a few people say that as soon as they had that equipment in a gym that was full, they had issues. Okay. So, it's one of those scenarios where you got to ask yourself how busy these are gym before you bring those in. Like, I don't think, I don't think Clarita's ever going to say that those pieces are anything but great. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The only one using them. They're not overly expensive compared to say hammer strength. We're talking about twice. You know, that's why it's, uh, that's why it's a great possibility if your gym is not overly busy. Yeah. But if it is, and again, this is just on what I've heard from guys at home, the stuff. They had some issues with it. And as a gym on a wrong kind of test that your members do not care why this broken. Yeah. It is broken and it is a problem. Yeah. And it's really hard because it's a gym on it. I mean, you want stuff fixed as soon as possible. And so when you have a piece that breaks down more than once for the same issue, it's, it's now a problem. So, I'll be curious to see with more reviews. I'll only talk to a couple guys that said that, but that was their points with those was that it became more of an issue. Down the line. Can you put these two pictures up? Because I am going to see something about this. Well, pictures up, but I can't put them up in post. So. Okay. Yeah. So we bought, I have not, I'm not calling these guys out. I'm just telling it like it is if you don't have a lot of equipment. Uh-oh. Um, but four years ago, we bought six pieces of panata. I'm calling them out. And, everyone really liked it because it moves really well. Everyone's like, oh, I like the lines. You know, like the lines. Great lines. Um, but the hip thrust broke on us like four times to the point where I had to get a part fabricated. And then we finally just sold it. And I mean, for someone to put it in their home gym, they're going to be fine. Right? Yeah. But, you know, it just couldn't handle a West Coast iron. Maybe West Coast iron is an exception, but like, you know, we got guys putting six plates aside on the hip thrust and the hammer takes it. But the panata just couldn't handle it. I mean, the way you put it to me before Ron is like the lake press. It's the way I see it. You know, here in Detroit, we have a lot of the automotive plants. And so, I look at like my body master, Hacksquad. And that thing is built with the same construction that they would build like a machine that was making parts, you know, assembling things. It's going nonstop like your lake press at West Coast. It's just one guy gets off at the next guy loads it up. You know, so for maybe my home gym where I'm using something, you know, twice a week at the most, it's going to last forever and be perfect. But yeah, for you guys, that's a lot of wear and tear. So we sold the hip thrust and then we got sold it, you know, and there was another piece we got red F2 because and a lot of the little bolts kept breaking on the decline press and pull down. We had all these little bolts, these little allen key bolts that hold things together and they would snap. And so I'm lot putting new bolts in locktighting the man cranking them up, trying to just, you know, but our seated calf raised snapped in half about five weeks ago. The guy was just doing seated calf raised with three plates and the arm just snapped. And it wasn't out of weld. It was in the middle of the tubing. Holy crap. And it just snapped and you could throw the photo up and post. Yeah, yeah. So we contacted the the wrap and he's like, hey, no problem. I'll put in a claim and they're sending us a new arm. So awesome. Thank you. Yeah. But you know, it did snap. And then the other day we went to do the pull down, which everyone loves. And that's the pull down that Cuba went out of his way to get because he knows that. And it's a great. It's like one of my favorite pull downs of all time. But we grabbed the one arm and Braden goes, said, he feels a little weird and I got on it. And I could kind of hear like a click click click click click click click. So Braden took his head full and off and he's listening like what joint is that? Because there's a couple of joints that move, right? Yeah. And he gets in. He goes, oh shit. The weld was completely snapped on the main loading arm and it was just the gusset that was holding it together. There's like a gusset that spans the gap. Yeah. And it's completely snapped all the way around. It wasn't even touching. Like open gap on the weld. So we put in another claim and I got an email saying they're sending us an arm. But now I did notice at the feebo booth, I went and looked at the penata stuff and some of the the tubing looks thicker now and they've gone to more square tubing on some of the moving parts. And the seated calf raise looks like it's been completely redesigned. So you know, maybe we got kind of the first gen or whatever of the fancy new penata stuff that came out, which again happens with cars sometimes at first gen. You don't buy that first year? Yeah, you know, the first year you wait for the second gen, right? I mean we had the first gen, we had the first gen arsenal leg press and we had to get rid of it because I put new bearings on at three times. I was like, get rid of this. And you know, I don't hear the same complaints with the newer one, right? So yeah, it was a little frustrating. But you know, people who buy Ferrari say the same thing. Yeah. And you know, if they say that's a Ferrari equipment, well, that's just I'm just giving you guys the information. I'm not bagging on anybody, but as a gym owner of a gym where people really load shit up like every single piece of our gym gets six plates aside on it, five plates aside on it. Like it's got to be able to handle that type of loading and and that's why people say to me all the time, are you going to get this? Look, I'll fancy it. It looks in the show me an Instagram video and I'm like, do you realize where you are? Yeah. You're a West Coast iron. Like the reason we have an old sidebecks leg press is because I don't want to have to fix it. Yeah. You know, the reason we have this is because I don't want to fix it all the time. So there's a reason why we have the equipment we have. I also got Scott got a bunch of them. So we'll try to run through them quickly. Here's one for Dusty Dusty's arm day routine during the end of his career. What was it when you were trying to grow your arms? Yeah, I have no grown my arms. I know that's these rule for arms. Yes. So I mean, I've been over this a lot, but for me, triceps were just move heavyweight. Okay. So, you know, heavy school crushers, heavy closed scrap, heavy reverse scrap. That was the jam for biceps. I had to completely remove any and all ego because I found that every other muscle was helping. So I started living on cables for constant tension and using the weight next to the kid, a hundred pounds smaller made that was 30 pounds lighter than his and just really focusing on using it. Same thing with a dumbbell curl. People are seeing me in the gym doing like a seated incline curl and I'm using like a 35. Okay. And just really keeping in it because if not, my shoulders got into play. So if your biceps are giving you an issue, chances are you're not training your bicep. You're training your ego, you're moving weight. I really, that was the one thing as I got more mature and watching. I'm like, why did I spend so many years doing the same thing that wasn't working, expecting it to start to work? But it was because I looked at the rest of my physique and it was working. It's like, cool, but it's not for that. So keep that in mind, fibrids. I mean, saying if your triceps are weak and you're slaying and banging, and, well, do the thing you're not doing and see what happens. But you have to really marry a new option also. So you can't go in the gym for like three weeks and and do the cables or whatever does you have to do. I think, well, I'm not seeing anything. What you gave it three years the other way. Yeah. To me, if you should be able to see a measurable improvement, literally measurable improvement within three months. If they're still not growing, then you got to go back to the drawing board and go, okay, what are what other options do I have? You know, so that's really the magic for me was stopping ego training. All right. My triceps were their biggest when I was when I could do dips with like two plates strapped her mom around my waist in a way, 320. Yep. And that's when I actually thought, oh my triceps are actually finally getting big. And then every other year, I just thought my triceps would be bigger. We've got, uh, Brit here. It's 32 year old female. She says she'd love to step on stage at some point. Female looking for either wellness or figure. I'm natural and I'm on a budget. Me and my fiance coach ourselves. What are some tips that you would give to a first timer? Oh, that's a long list. I mean, it sounds like she's not even, she hasn't picked a show out yet. You know what I mean? She's like, you know what I really like to do this thing. And this step is do that. Yeah. Yeah. Pick a show. Yeah. This is where I disagree with a lot of everyone says wait until you have this physique. And then get on stage. I say you want to compete. You know that. Pick a show that's 20 weeks from now and start a problem. Go through the process. Find out if you even like bodybuilding. Yeah. Yeah. That's part of it. Do you like the process? And commit to it. This is the date. Not I might compete in 20 weeks. I'm going to compete in 20 weeks. Yeah. Lock into it. Follow the whole process. See where you end up. Do you enjoy it? Great. Then start figuring out how you need to get better. As far as which division, I feel like if you're wellness, you should know. Yeah. Like you're just, you're built a certain way. Go look at the pros. Look at them. Do you look even a small version of that? If you do, great run for it. If not, I'd probably lean you right into figure. And just run down that line. And then you'll find out if you enjoy the process. And for the record, people you just get ready for shows by themselves all the time. Yeah. You do not need a coach. This is three coaches on a podcast. You don't need it. It definitely is going to get rid of hurdles that you're going to have mistakes. You're going to make. But it's not an necessity. Can I say something that's might be on popular and might like somebody who had it. Me. If you're on a tight budget, don't spend any money at all on hearing makeup. Zero. Do it yourself. You know how to do your hair. You know how to do makeup. Do a little more makeup because you're on minor rent lights. Zero. So when you do your budget for the show, hearing makeup, zero, zero. And then suit, get a use suit. Yeah. You can use my rent suits. Yeah. Mother girls rent suit budget for $50. Yeah. I see girls all the time spend $300 on hair and makeup. And they're up at four in the morning to get it done because they've gotten appointment. And then their suit costs some $500 or something. And they get like six place at the first show. It's like what was all that for? Yeah. Like I mean, I see the place for hearing makeup don't get me wrong. We're all excited for the Olympia coming up. But for these people on really tight budgets like man goes back to my old advice for guys Costco membership. A lot of the test. Like yeah, you ladies, a lot of you ladies are great at do your hair and makeup like you're trying to you're going to do some runway modeling or something. You know what you're doing? You've been doing makeup your whole life. Just do they have I mean it's funny doesn't it? Get a friend to do. Obsat stuff. Go on to talk. Yeah. Oh, I didn't take a two to four videos. Yeah. Like it's learn how to do it. They can tell you what to get. And there's even those girls that make up girls that are sponsored and have all the shit they'll tell you this is the brand I'm using. This is the brand at wall grades. You can also use $2. Yeah. You can use that one as well. It's not magic. I agree 100%. But make it fun, you know. But I really I want people to get off the fence. The moment you want to compete you should. Go through the process because I've told the story before but when I committed doing my first show the entire time I'm like this is the dumbest thing I've ever done. I will which is a lie. But anyways, I will never do this again. But I won't quit. And I saw it all by the end. And I realized the part that I thought that was dumb was my favorite part. And then I did it for the rest of my life. So but I mean you can't know if you like it until you grind all the way through. And then I realized the reason I didn't care is I don't care about the stage. But I loved the part that the part that I hated was the challenge. It was the rewarding part when it was over. I was like, oh, I missed that. When can I do it again? Yeah. Yeah. You know, or on the other side, you got people that do a prep and they're like, this is not worth it. And my cool stop. Yeah. You need to be a non-competitor still cool. You know, you're still about it. You're still your still a bodybuilder. Yeah. You always hate that. Should you use steroids if you're not competing? What? Yeah. Do you want to be bigger? Go ahead. So I see where you're coming from Dusty. And I feel like growing up, I was told to pick a show. And that was your show and you did it. And honestly, I feel like now I tell people the opposite of that. That I'll tell people to do the get in shape first. And then pick a show. Because I do think it's, and I, but I see where you're coming from. You're coming from the perspective of your committed. You're going to do this. That's going to force you to then do the thing that you want to do. Where you can always push it back if you're in. That's. Yeah. So I'm, you look and you go, okay. But if you don't ever pick a show, yeah, then you don't ever start. So I like that. I like it from that perspective. The part I don't like of picking the show is if you do, like, I'll tell people even. I'm like, hey, this is the show we're doing, but don't pay for it. Yeah. We don't need to pay for it at 30 weeks out. You know what I mean? Yeah. What's, what's the worst of point where you'll have a late find if you pay it any later? Let's know when that point is and let's make sure that you pay before that. But if we end up doing that. Yeah. Yeah. That way too. Because you never know what's going to happen. You could, I mean, God forbid getting a car wreck and break your ankle. And now you can't do cardio. I had that happen to a guy where like, we were really dependent on this cardio at the time. And we're like five weeks out. He gets re-rendered and he somehow broke his ankle when he got rear ended. And now it's like big rear ended. Oh, yeah. Yeah. So that was the only sitting backwards. I was off the window. It's supposed to drive with your feet, not your hands. Yeah. I totally agree with that, though. I mean, I actually always entered the show at the very end even though I knew I was going to make it. Oh, I was so the opposite. I was like a first day that registration opened paid there. First one. Yeah. Yeah. I always waited to the end, but it was for that reason of what if I mean at the end, I was also not smart enough to stop deadlifting 700 pounds to excel. So like, it should happen. But yeah. I can also say that I fortunately never picked a show that I didn't do. Yeah. And it did always put a show. I did 24 shows never pulled out of a show. But no, I think it's awesome. I actually really think that there's actually funny enough Aaron that used to be with us. I came from his name out of Vegas, the one that lived in Japan before. Oh, Aaron the body builder. Yeah. So he's doing his own perhaps. And he had a lot of people go, why don't you just hire a coach and be done with it? And he's like, because I want to learn and I'm okay with the fact that I'm going to make mistakes and be off. And I loved listening to his breakdown because I'm like, yes, that's okay. Also, it's not okay for me. I immediately hired everybody. But if that's what you're into, that's why we all do this is for whatever we love about it. And he loves learning the process and figuring it out. Yeah. Do you think about this one? So it's not just me basically fantasizes about different foods and restaurants and talks about how good they are. But only have them on a rare occasion. Do you guys ever regret not enjoying foods that you love more? No, no, no. No. I'm not, there's only like, I'm not a giant foodie. There's like 10 things I love. And they're all white sauce. Yeah, it's not a fan mail. No, I think here's my take if you enjoy food, which I, we go everywhere. Ron knows that. Yeah, that's the most important thing. I mean, more of the foodie than we are going places. But I find even now, I do one cheap meal a week and it makes sure that when I get it, I really enjoy it. And the times of my life when I was retired, that I was just kind of like doing whatever I wanted, and eating, whatever I wanted, it was never that exciting because I had something like it yesterday. Like I love just, I eat my little four meals a day every day and then Saturday we go to dinner. And then we can go all out plus I'm cheap, which is a week to the money. And I'm making these boobs go for dinner. Yeah. They, well, they're part of her. So they always come, which there's for my, it's a backdrop to my food dishes. I know, I notice, I notice. Or the food is the front drop to the board drop. Yeah. Right. One or two. I'm not sure if I'm here for it. I'm here for no, there's some hits involved. So I'm shares and stuff involved. Dusty. I know it's a long game. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But no, so I don't at all and it will make you choosey too. Like I know what I'm eating in two weeks on Saturday. Right. He's scheduled. See Emily. Emily is probably the pickiest eater. I have of anyone I know. She's horrendous. Herendous. Herendous. She's like egg whites and Vegas on a Saturday night after the Olympics. Yeah, she eats like she eats eggs and like veggies and a little bit of beef. Okay. And that's it. She doesn't. She doesn't. She doesn't eat anything else. She doesn't eat. She doesn't eat any dairy whatsoever. She just, she does not care about anything like that sounds like Victoria. She does. She does. I think she has a lot of things. She's like, she doesn't want to deal with the digestion issue. So she's like, yeah, just really meet all the cars about and if actually do they have a green salad and a salmon filet. Yeah. Okay. I can eat there. Yeah. That's it. So she cares about. So I don't. We don't ever go to like, rich like restaurants with like all crazy food and stuff. She doesn't give a shit. Then she doesn't want it either. Like she doesn't care. She has no taste buds for it. She grew up in a family where her mom would make like brown rice and salmon and then give her carrot sticks for like treats. Oh, wow. Poor kid. And like she never had breakfast cereal. Her there was never breakfast cereal in her house. Her mom was like, no, that's crap. Her mom was like, we don't eat sugar. I got on a quick tirade and then she met Ron a three-toned body. Her treat McDonald's. Emily's treat. Emily's treat is she keeps some 88% dark chocolate. Yeah. Yeah. In a container and she'll break off a square once the night and be like, no, you're so good. Eat the whole bar within five minutes. That's what I'm going to get milk chocolate and you eat like a 150 grand ball of it. Yeah. Oh, really. Yeah. That's Ron. You just you hit a soft note for me because I'm sure you guys are seeing but in the States, RFK is jamming on all these, you know, dyes and all this stuff. Yeah. I have a bunch of friends who are like, yeah. That stuff's in my kid's cereal. I'm like, if you hate it so bad, don't buy it. Yeah. Yeah. If you think it's so bad for them, don't buy it. Like, I'm not angry that cocaine is rampant and scots it. I just don't buy cocaine. Yeah. Yeah. Well, it just drives me bash to like, you obviously don't care that much or you wouldn't buy that ship for your kids. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't know that stuff because my mom always made eggs and toast for breakfast every day and that's what I eat and that's why I still fucking eat. I have a friend who has two kids. The one kid is like, I don't know. I can't tell how kids are. Hold there. One's like nine. I don't know. You know what I'm saying? Five. And he's like, oh, my kids have never ever had a single bite of fried food. Wow. They have no idea what it tastes like. They have no idea what McDonald's tastes like. They've never eaten a French fry. They've never had a chicken finger. They have no idea. I'd cousins in a cold, pleatly alien to them. I'd cousins eat really healthy. And they eat really healthy too. They like, they weren't even allowed to watch TV shows. So I remember like, as a kid, I talk about like, oh, you know, like, be at our G.I. Joe's, you know, and they're like, the theme song to G.I. Joe and they're like, huh? They're like, they never knew there was a TV show, but they never ate chocolate. They never, they never ate anything. I like, they grew up to be normal people, but they lived in, but I started now. Yeah. They lived in, they moved to Montana. And there was this, it was on MTV, this cult. And this lady, the prophet, something or another, they had these huge underground bunkers that were like the size of a football field. We're like, they thought that the end of the world was going to come and that they were going to go there for years. And, you know, like, repopulate the earth and it was weird. It just died with the rest of them. Yeah, for the reason for whatever reason. Like, yeah, they were like, they didn't, they didn't listen to music. They did a bunch of creepy sex involved because there's no creepy sex. It's not a lot of an interesting cult. I was really good. I was really good. I'm going to cult. I'm going to be like, really crazy sex. Yeah, let it or just, yeah, just got to be stockpile weapons for me too. Lots of weapons. I've those shoot in bang. I'm in bang. He'll shoot a shoot in shoot. Shoot. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I had a friend who was like, quite his parents were like, super Christian. Yeah. And I didn't really understand growing up like, I just, but I remember like, I, we built right at his house after school one day and I'd be like, oh, a three-scompany zone. He'd be like, oh, we can't watch trees company. Oh, God, no. I'm like, why not? It's like on it five o'clock. Yeah. We're all here with Jews right there. Oh, no. My parents will only watch trees company. If they hear through the three-scompany theme song, they'll come and knock on our door. Like, if they hear that theme song, they'll come run it. That was like, oh, and then like looking back now, like, I got it. Like later, I was like, oh, there was so much sexual in your window with three-scompany, right? Because like, Jack was pretending to be gay so that he could live with the two roommates and the whole thing, right? And his Christian parents were like, no three-scompany. But I watched his a kid too. I didn't get any of that either. You know what I mean? Oh, because I got it. I just didn't give a shit. I was like, oh, it was pretending to be gay. I guess I was when I was real young. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. I was like, I'm a little older than you, not much, but yeah, no, no, no. Yeah. Great show, by the way. Yeah. I got one more for you guys. And to preface this, Ron does Emily ever watch the show? No. No. Perfect. Here we go. Okay. No. No good. Emily has probably seen one minute of this show. Okay. Okay. When she heard I was on, she wasn't interested. Well, that might not work as well because Victoria will watch the show. I know Nikki will watch the show. And here was the question, hey, Lads, great show is always. It would be what's the chances of having your better half on the show to come or cover some of their bodybuilding experiences in knowledge. No, what should be on the show will launch because I have more to this Victoria had had this idea a while back and she was like, what if we just had like the wives and like I sat where you said, and Emily sat where Ron said Nikki said where does he sit? And they just we just did the show. You know, it'd be better and we'd never be able to come back. That's true. There is that. There is that. I've seen the three of them, but you dinner together, people will be way more interested in them. Our female following would grow. You know, with Emily would say Emily would say stuff. I'd be off camera going, don't say that. We go. That's not how it happened. That's not what happened. No. I'd be like, I'd be like, I'm losing it. I'd listen to the replay. I'd be like, oh, we can't put this out. You've even read on the other. I'm in a spectrum. Once I met Emily at the rate that no one following the show will ever know her, I knew she was my people. Yeah, they say some stuff. I'm like, oh, she goes she goes far enough off the Richter Scott that she actually caught me off guard. What's up? It was like in a public environment. I was like, I love this girl. She's a type of person who tells her mom everything. Okay. And her mom's like traumatized. You know what I mean? I'm like, God, would you tell your mom that? She's like, well, yeah. Like, what would you tell your mom that? She's like, I don't know. My mom. Like, that's why you don't tell her that. Oh, God. No, I got to go sit at the table with her. Look at the eye. Yeah. Jesus. Oh, she's only seeing one thing with Ron. Is that last story? Oh, no. I tell my mom, tell my mom nothing. Nothing. It's not good. Okay. Okay. So I had one, are we doing one more question? Yeah, we're going to do the last one. So I just had an interesting idea. And it's just because I was having a conversation with someone the other day. And I said something that I thought and they were like, oh, that's that'd be very unpopular opinion. And I was like, oh, yeah, I guess it would be. Is there anything the is there an opinion you guys hold about something? Let's say no non-pull non-political just to like clear that. So it's fun. Yeah. Non-political opinion that you guys hold that you think would be very unpopular there were some viewers. Mustard should be illegal. Oh. It's disgusting. Okay. Not as decisive as I was aiming for this. Sorry. It's all I got. Yeah. I've got one. I've got one. Yeah. Everybody should go back to all this like working from home remote stuff needs to end. Everybody needs to go back to work. That's that's my thought. You want to know why? Because I liked before the pandemic because there was nobody on the roads when I went out. I could go to the grocery store in the middle of the day. There's nobody there. I could go to the bank. There's nobody there. Now everybody's everywhere. So everybody's gotta go back to work. I'm amazed. I go to the gym. I used to go to the gym at two in the afternoon. Is it brought by? Yeah. And it'd be like, all people training. And they're all like, all right. We're all like, like, shifed workers or something like that. Guys are working the bar. Oh, yeah. A couple of bounces in their training. A couple, you know, cops off shift. Yeah. Now I go to the gym at two. And I'm like, don't any of you people have jobs? There's like 50 people in here. Yeah. I mean, I love seeing the gym busy, but like, they're working remotely. They may work. And then I realize, oh, no one actually goes to work anymore. Yeah. No. Yeah. That's funny. That's a very valid one. Scott. I like that. Yeah. Because I really enjoyed that. I had a solid like six year run of full time. You can see a cruise in wherever I want to go. And park in right out front of every store. Yeah. You can see the park. You can see the first part of the front. You got the first drop dry cleaning off. You pull up right in front of the store. Yeah. Walking. It's fine. No one's either. No traffic. No. You can see your car from the window as you're talking to the guy. Yeah. Yeah. Then by like four o'clock, I'd make sure I was home because then everybody, all those other suckers got on. It's time for the peasants to be exact peasants have to do their stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Fantastic. Yeah. Yeah. There's like a little bit of a feeling of superiority because you work from home. Yeah. You got to the office. So you're like, I need some separation here. Yeah. I get it. Well, Ron, what was yours? Well, mine was and this is rooted in experience with and mine's not as funny. Mine's less funny. But this is rooted in experience with people that have known and unfortunate situations that have occurred. I think that it is absolutely ludicrous that we allow street bikes that do 300 kilometers an hour on the highway. And I think that they should be completely illegal. And the top speed on them, the top speed on them should be like 140 kilometers an hour. Wait, what's that in miles? Yeah. What is like actual like 90 miles an hour come on. Oh, that's a crime. I think if you want to ride one of those bikes, take it to the track because I just passed and I will cement this in. I just passed another dead guy on the road the other day on a crotch rocket ambulance fire trucks cops lining the highway, body bag smashed up bike ripped in half, truck with a big dent in the side of it. I don't know who's fault it was, but I have no one so many people that have died on those rockets. And the guys friends of mine that ride Harley's, I don't know it's just because they cruise, they don't. And the number of times I'm driving here in Vancouver on the highway on the freeway and the rockets flight past me like I'm standing still f*** f*** like three in a row. And I'm like you guys are going to die like you're going to die or you're going to kill somebody and it infuriates me. And I know there's guys listening to this show that are bubbling right now. I'm like oh I have a Suzuki 1100 and I do 300 if I want. I know. I'm with them. I'm a you know I'm a I feel you should I don't I'm a freedom guy. I don't think you should have to wear seat belts either. But the the motorcycle thing you also do put other people at risk if you're driving a radically in traffic. There is what happens is people see them coming and they think they're doing the speed limit so they pull out and they're doing 200 kilometers an hour and they're keeping them. That guy on a bike. Yeah, maybe a dead person in a car. Literally in front of my high school on the way like the buses were stopping at the high school and he banned and that was it. And it was so when are those situations? At least have some kind of mitigation. So in Australia I don't know the exact number so the Australian guys can correct me but my point is the general point. When you first buy a motorcycle you have to buy like a really low CC bike and you have to put a certain number of kilometers on it. Before you can or you have to ride it for a certain amount of time. I can't remember I think it's a kilometers on a number of kilometers on for that training and you have to like it's and it's like low CC I think it's like a 250. Right and you have to do your time on that link. I had a friend who bought a 900 was his first bike week later he was dead. And I know another guy that he's carrying out with it. Let's careful with the Oh yeah. Okay. Well I bought another guy, another guy that bought a street bike and a week later he was paralyzed. And I've seen it happen too many times and I've passed too many body bags out here in Vancouver because these guys are idiots on the freeway man. Like complete reckless and they're driving like packs of five doing triple the speed limit man. Like we're standing still when they fly past us. They're doing video and they're putting it on social media. Yeah, yeah and they're getting hits and it's just like man and I know hey I got no skin in the game I don't ride a bike and I wouldn't ever buy one of those bikes but I just I just go like the speed limits 100 kilometers an hour on the freeway. So why does the bike do 300 kilometers an hour? That seems a little funny to me like. Yeah. I think the thing is and I could say say this from experience that I've been right my first car was a motorcycle. So when I've had bikes since I was four years old there's a couple things. When you get on a Harley like mine you are in a different mindset. And I used to own car truckets and you are in a different mindset. It's the same I mean when when I've had fast cars I drove them the way they were made to be drifted. Yeah. Yeah and that does play a role the other thing I will say though with the accidents and stuff wrong is and this is why we never like I built Nicky's bike and she doesn't ride it because after our friend passed away he passed away because he was an experienced and he made a mistake. I must take I would never make and I realize I cannot teach her my 30 years of experience on a motorcycle. Yeah in any time friend that I'm willing to let her learn. And so I said yeah we're not doing this anymore. Right because it just didn't it didn't make sense to me like yeah when you're on a motorcycle you are you do have to be aware of every car like when I'm in my truck I'm just driving. Yeah I'm more just like well I know what color every car is and what dumb move they might make and where I'm going to go if they do it. Yeah yeah. Yeah and that's yeah that's my like mindset the whole time and I know how to do those things and I could still end up dead. The odds for them are higher and mean they when they passed her on her test. I mean how my friend that passed away like he passed the the test that he knew how to ride and got a license and then I taught him how to ride a motorcycle after it's because he'd still didn't know anything. Yeah and then by the time we're on the street I just can't you cannot create all the things that I've learned over the years quickly and so I was like yeah we won't survive if you're not here so we're gonna go ahead and keep you in a big lift of truck. Another another thing about out here and obviously is every city is different. There are a ridiculous number of people in Vancouver that are horrible drivers and have no idea what's going on around them. So there's an extra complete veil of unawareness over everyone on the freeway and it makes it even worse for the people on the bikes. Oh I agree that's why I stopped having motorcycles my living's got some. No I love those things man. There's a lot of snow here. It was slower I was like yeah okay I can manage the traffic here better. Right there I was like it's not if it's when so I sold my bikes and didn't have them for years and I moved out here and I was like I can do it again here so I bought some more. No I know I see some guys I follow go to the track and like have a good time and I'm like oh man that piece so much I'd love that. Like like I totally get it but I just think man I just I've seen a lot and there's been a lot of people I know that aren't around anymore and I just think fuck. You know you know it's crazy here is and I've kind of it's normalized to me but Victoria pointed it out I don't know if you guys have laws there but here in Michigan there's no helmet law. So there are people that are flying around they don't have a helmet on. Oh yeah helmet I have the wall cannon that we're everything's regulated. Yeah but you dusty do you guys have helmet law? No we don't okay we don't here but it's one of those things too where when I was younger my mindset was if I go down I don't want to get back up. And now that I'm older and I have other things I live for beyond me I'm like okay I would like to get back up if I go down so we're there but um no it's interesting there's there's a lot of takes on a lot of things like that wrong that I think are interesting like I told Scott the other day I think that every person should know how to handle firearm. Like when I left town last week I was like hey girls there's yours you know how to use it if someone comes in you can do it from the balcony and go back to bed. Go back to bed because you know what to do and it's funny but I mean as a parent when you leave your house and you know that that's something they can do. Yeah I slept easy I'm like yeah you know there's multiple reasons not to come in this house between the dogs and that and you're good to go. Yeah I absolutely love your laws about defending your property and yourself dusty it's just one of the things as a Canadian the most andvious of you know now that we got our new government I might be they might be taken everything away and like literally coming to your house and taking it. That's fair enough I know what I mean like it's it's I'm living in a strange world. Yeah I want to throw this out there and it is political so I have a preface of that you know when people say like oh what do you need all that for what do you need to know how to do this for and what do you need to know how to do tactical stuff for this stuff that you won't be able to stop. Well you know what it's because yeah that's there's that there's that and you know what I think that here in the US will probably never in my lifetime need to know the stuff that I've been learning but the important thing is is that I do and that we can continue doing it because it might be not me but the next generation or the generation after that eventually the way that society is go they are going to want to clamp down you know and the only reason they can't do it here is because we can fight back. Yep we need to keep that might be might be 200 years from now that we need it but we need to keep it. I was telling Ron Scott I was at the yeah so I'm gonna run somebody and they were asking like how common is it where you live in the south and I was in the cigar lines I said well there's 30 people in here and I would guess to make that 25 are armed. Yeah and they're like really and I said and shit doesn't happen here. Yeah yeah yeah I got a send you to the dusty there was a post from Colowin Noar. He posted that there was a robbery of a gas station and everybody has to or like all four people in the store should have a guy. Handled yeah moving on people are gonna do a lot you're gonna think twice going into a place if you knew everybody could take you out you know you're gonna fight back. Yeah it's classic. I love that one video of that diner that's getting robbed and the guy's going down at the bag and he's taking everybody's shit and then he kind of started kind of does this waves it around a bit and the old man just pops him. Yep that's good from sea to position just pop pop pop and while he's kind of you know when he's moving waving his gun around talking yelling everyone just sits is just state seated like I like the fish or dinner. It's been handled I know I just have absolutely no problem with that and and I live in a country where like there's a crazy story just a few days ago this guy got arrested for stealing a car was trying to steal a car with someone in it so I attempt to car jacking it arrested released later that damn bail later that day gets a gets arrested for a assaulting a woman gets out on bail that same day again. The second time. The second time. Then the next day he gets arrested again and released on bail again. Come on guys. Yeah and it's our justice system like the judges have their hands tied because there's just so much nonsense written into our criminal code about like wow you know these these people have mental health issues and this is this you know drugs and mental health issues. Yeah just I don't know what's going on in Canada man but these people are not spending a they're not spending a single night in jail and they're just getting re-released to re-offend. They said there's a handful of people in Vancouver that were responsible for 6,000 arrests last year and they can't keep that handful of people just locked in a cage for the rest of time. I don't understand. Lake you want to talk about for the benefit of society. Yeah. So we can remove six thousand. It's like 11 people. There was multiple like 6,000 stupid arrests. You know shoplifting and vandalizing and freaking this and that blah blah blah blah on and on and on nonstop. Has it got the manpower and the cops in the paper work. Like so we have problems up here real problems but we elected the same government. They're gonna get blows me away. The blows me away nothing will change and then people will be like man things are getting real bad here while you voted for it. Yeah. Yeah. So well on that we got. Yeah. So I love your speed. I love your bikes. I love that they're cool. I love that they go fast but use your head. Okay agreed. Use your head. Don't do 250 kilometers an hour on the freeway for a video. And I like that you all got to work from home for a while but listen. We got around that up. Get back. So Scott and I can roam around freely. I love those people that have like three full-time jobs and none of the employers know about them and all three screens go in and they're just like marketing writing copy for one company and doing data analysis for another and data entry for another. Wow. They're pulling in three full-time salaries. I just think that's a wizard. I didn't even know that was a thing. That's a thing. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh three totally separate companies. I've nothing to do with each other and they're just like what do you make 180,000? How do you do that? 60,000 at a time. Yeah. Yeah. At least 60K jobs. We got AI doing all their data entry for one of them. Just crazy. It's amazing. Okay. Okay thanks guys. Remember to like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. That one might be good for comments. That whole episode. I think it definitely did. Okay. Remember I am you in dot com. Go to I am you dot com. Get your ice search. Get your all in and everyone should get on a gear. Okay. Don't drive stupid and learn how to use fire arm to defend your home. Yes. Yes. There we go. Thank you everybody for Patreon. You guys are awesome. Yes. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you very much. And give us a hit. Why don't you hit us with some questions? Hit this this episode in particular plaster your questions on it and then scottagol through it next week. Yes. Absolutely good. Okay. Thanks everybody and remember this shirt might be available soon. Dusty's Dusty's responsible for this one of course. Yes. Okay. It's just body building.