Then I call my mother's boyfriend, have him come down, picks me up, takes me to auto zone. Of course, you don't have the tools, so if you're just house get tools, I don't have tools. I'm not a fucking handyman, Jesus. Go to auto zone, the guy's like, which truck is it? I tell him 2020, 102RD pro, he's like, there's three different batteries for that truck. My God. Will the van help? He's like, no. I was like, would just pick the most expensive one, it's probably the one. And he was like, why is that? Because I always like the most expensive one. And it was. It was. I took it and it worked. So that was that drove back home. I was in a white shirt. I thought about wearing it because I had like grease on it. So I was leaning over, doing man shit. You don't even understand that I can't figure out this fucking man shit. Your mother's boyfriend picked you up. But that's man shit. And he had to bring the tools too. Really, I was a, you have to understand some, Ron, I'm a supervisor. Okay. I don't need to be out swing in the axe. I just point at the tree. That tree. It's a come down. That battery. I understand. I must be replaced. I know how you feel. So the reason I had to go on this rant is because now I've ordered food because I have not eaten all that at one shake. So those of you who do not like watching me eat while muted while someone else is talking, Scott will put a timestamp. Dusty starts eating at 48 minutes. Just make sure you start eating after I finish. I've had a similar day. And that's why the food's happening right now. See, so if you don't like it, hate Scott right now. Hate me around 48 minutes because we just put the order in. So yeah, Ron, you're the only saint here. Okay. Well, all of this rant was brought to you by mutants. They're supporting the show and my fucking rant and Scott, he, they probably paid for that meal. Scott's eating right now. And yeah, Dusty, join us to best discount code. You can use at imooten.com. And then the second best is right. It's big Ron, 20, but that one's a little less discount. Let's start the show. Wow, yeah. That's a pretty good intro, Dusty. This good. We have to do. It's episode 163 because episode 162 comes out on Tuesday. Yeah. I'm going to put this to a vote. We should probably not. There's no reason to really say what episode number it is. I know that you like to say it, Ron. But it is. I this thought it was part of the plan. We never really discussed it. It's not an idea. Okay. Well, it's just not to it. You know what I'm saying? Sometimes I had just because it's part of the intro, but yeah, we like I put it in. They're like, I'm going to say the number. I did not. I just sort of say like, how about this? Well, you know, you've won 63 and Ron can say. We've done this a lot of, you know, 62 times before. Yeah, at least. Yeah. But say that. Yeah. Because at least I can't believe. Well, and the other people are still watching. So I like to know the number that they're hanging on to, you know. The other thing is is that sometimes like I have that other episode, but say this episode is so good. It's just like we can't wait. We got to get that story out about Dusty dealing with his battery. It has to go now. Man shit. Then I have to go in and edit the part where you say episode 163 because then you see what I'm saying. So, well, so technically, I understand in the real world nobody would care. No. Oh, one part is always like you mother. Our best would. One comment. You guys can't count. Yeah, because yes. Exactly. Exactly. No. Well, you have to some trickery with them out of order. This is trickery. What did you do? It's like a tear-toon move. Okay. So let's drop the number. I'm totally fine. Okay. Actually, it was putting the number in because I didn't want to disappoint you. Yeah, I thought like if I get the number wrong. Look at that. Look at that. That's a communication problem. Yeah. So, Scott, why do you want to take? Any time you want to take work away and make my life easier? Good last. Any other things you want me to drop to say that I do is not doing the whole intro. Yeah. We can just come on like, so as you're breakfast, and not say a word about like what's show their watching or what we've got going on. You know, I'm fine with that. All right. You know, okay. So it's an episode. That's all we know. We've done many before. It's a lot more common. And maybe one day there'll be a big number that we know of and we'll say it. But today's number is not important. How's that? And we've got Dustin Hanchai here. Not a mechanic. And we have Scott McNally our producer wearing the metallic a font true nutrition shirt. Yes. That's a big fan of a texture. This shirt is at that age too, where I've washed it so many times. Actually, when I picked it up today, I was like, this is so soft. It's like that person looks like a real concert shirt. It kind of does. That's going to a concert shirt that you don't want to get rid of. You got this 84. What's the oldest concert shirt you have? Do you have any real concert shirts where you that guy? I never could afford them, honestly, because they were like regular T-shirt to like 12.99 at the time when I was a kid. And then a concert shirt was like 30 bucks. And I'm like, I already spent all my money on this ticket and weed and I said, you know, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So the thing with concert shirts was I bought a few back in the day because I just really wanted to like partake in the whole like buy a concert shirt. Right? Yeah. So I'd go up to the thing and I'd get a double XL because that's all they have. Sometimes if sometimes if you're lucky, if you get there early, they've got some threes and threes and threes because there's a lot of big fat people go to never shows and stuff right. You get those like they'll have a handful of big sizes. But most of the time I go up there, double X is all they have. And you buy it, but it's like an old school gilden. So when you put it on, it doesn't fit. No. And then you just never wear it. Yeah. Yeah. Trilets might concert ship experience. Okay. So I got I put up a question box. Oh, we got to do like share, subscribe. There's a comment. Bring the bell. They would comment with a question. That is, right? Keep it that. We should. We need it. We all wondered why you were doing that as well. All the shit you've been doing, we just didn't know why. Yeah. Why is Ron doing this random stuff? We didn't want any of this. I don't know how it got the name for this show. It's just bodybuilding. We never talk about bodybuilding. Anyways. Did you see we had another comment on that last week? Yeah. It's just body. But you actually never finished answering a question about bodybuilding. Yeah. The one bodybuilding question. That was good. I've read that. I was like, Oh, shit. I think that's good. Yeah. So here's a stage I'm at in my life. I'm not making anybody any promises. That's for I have now. I'm just like, yeah, what you get. I'm here. I'll be here tomorrow too. I'll be here. I'll show up. I'll do my thing. I'll get my stuff done. But I'm not making any promises about extras. Yeah. The on that. Yeah. Actors being like covering the things that the show is about. Right. Anyways. I'll be here. But you were in my phone. Yeah. But you did do a question. Which is why I did not do what? Hmm. I saw Ron had one and I was a little behind the April. Yeah. And I for saw the fact that I would have a battery dilator. So that was it. Do we have questions? Good questions already from you Scott. We have you to some YouTube questions. And also, I wanted to just mention. I saw the morning. I rolled over. We looked at my phone. And then I started scrolling on YouTube. And I saw Jamie the giant. He had it posted a new video. He was like, hey, my trip to Canada. So I didn't watch the whole thing because I was just waking up. But I saw him in his hotel. And he was like, hey, I just got back from West Coast. I had to text Ron to tell him it was such a cool gem. And he said he was like, and I smoked a spliff a few spliffs the other day. He was like, and I've never done that before. And my life. Like a day of traveling. I think I was up for about 32 hours. So I spent the first two days catching up on sleep. And out of few spliffs, I've never, never, never, never smoked weed in my life. But to be honest with you, it's quite nice. In terms of like helping you switch off and sleep at this stage in prep, it's proven a very handy tool to be able to have. And it's legal in Canada. So thank you very much Ron for the hook up. And it's something that we may consider trying to get our hands on a new UK. We will see the laws are a bit different there. But it's a very easily accessible. So we will see. Anyway, I did. I have to ask for you there for this. So it was like, I like the thing is in Vegas. Yes. That's the end. I kind of ruined Jamie the giant. I would like to say we enhanced him. But oh, it's just life. I don't know. It's like you just better. Kind of come out. There's been here where he is in life. Because people who start smoking weed when they're 36, either they really step it up because they're enlightened. Yeah. Or it's just this at the beginning of the end. And then it just comes apart. So we're going to keep a close eye on Jamie because I'm waiting for his wife to call me. He's back in England now. Okay. And I know that he's looking for weed. Okay. I'm going to be like, I don't have to get some of this. It's just for the prep though. And I could tell I'm with her as wife to call me. She's going to call me and be like, what the fuck did you do? He's a fatta flora in spring. Yeah. Yeah. So we got him in Vegas. It was it wasn't on purpose. Okay. Because all that happened was we made a trip to a weed store in Vegas. Yeah. Yeah. Just he and Dustin, my name is our own business. Which by the way, we met a fan in in the weed store. In the weed store. In the weed store. Oh, hell yeah. Be fair, Dustin. Take take full credit, Dustin. He was more your fan. He didn't even he looked at me and he was like, hey, but he was a fan of Dusty. He was like, does he fall to you on IG? And I knew he would be at this weed shop. Um, anyways. So we go the weed shop and the original idea. I don't really know how I got a stray from this was I had handed Ron a hundred dollars because I thought he was going. And Ron bought the weed last time. So I was like a hundred should cover us for three nights. Yeah. Okay. It's then we end up over there. And I was with him. And somehow I spent the maximum out you could buy. And Ron bought your wife. I had more than this. Yeah. Really? Yeah. That's the only thing I want to do. Those three of those two of those and they're like, oh, you're at your limit. You can't buy anymore than that. He's like, oh, I guess I'm done shopping. I didn't know the head of the man. And then Ron bought more. So then the second morning, the morning after James is like, oh, I just not sleep in great. And I was like, oh. We could help you with that. And later we didn't know pressure. Of course. Yeah. Pressure later that night. He was like, so you guys are going to smoke some weed. And I was like, sure, come outside. And we split one joint. That's it. Right. I want to take joint to. It was one of those nice big store. Yeah. But I'm going to, you know. And this is like after my time. Like smoke a joint when I smoked weed like in 93 was different. We didn't like then this is like weed today. Oh, the. What was that? You've been fused. No, so this is also what's he doing. He's joined. Good guy. What does that like going to be? 4% THC. Well, it's like one of those fancy joints where it's like dipped in kiff and, you know, the fucking spray with hash oil and dip it in in fucking. Kiff and it's like a fancy joint. It's got like power stuck to the outside of it because it's all like the super strong way after my time. Way after my time. Oh, yeah. So we get we got we just some of that and then I handed him an extra run because we were going to go out and have a cheat meal. And as we're leaving, I think Ron looked at me and he goes, I think he's going to smoke that before we get back because he had said he was going to wait. And I was like, oh, yeah, he is. And sure shit we're leaving. We're leaving the restaurant and we get a picture of him in the backyard with the joint in his mouth. What did he say? That's something I love the shit or something. I'm going to get some sleep. Yeah. So it's so, it's so, it's better. It's better. So it gets better though. You forget about there's another stage to this story where he decides he's going to get his own. Uh, okay. Okay. Which we have more than enough. Yeah. But Jamie is a guy much like honestly Ron and myself. He wants to make sure the level is even. Absolutely. So he has a gentleman. I'm not going to name anyone's name. Because that would be not acceptable. But I will say that his name's say, Gated Jennifer Lopez. And he is in the bodybuilding arena. And he was the first ever. Mr. Olympia in the. Men's physique division. Anyways. You can't figure out that that's Mark Anthony that you're an idiot. Um, so it all got. Mark, Mark, Anthony comes and gets Jamie to take him shopping. And loads of up with everything including animals. Jamie. So now Jamie's got animals. We're like, how are like two days into the trip already? Oh, well, the guy is like three days left. Yeah. He comes back with a shopping bag. Holy shit. Like how much is in there? And he's like, oh, I got all these gummies. Yeah. I got all these joints. And I got all this. And I'm going to say, oh my god. Yeah. That's that's it. So somehow. I got blamed for this. Ronald and I get blamed for this. I feel I didn't feel like no one. We're losing your sound. Yeah, sounds going weird for me to hear. And then Jamie decides that last night at the night that he got his own. Yeah. Yeah. So he has 10 milligrams gummies. And one of the bosses from Newton was like. Tom not to do gummies. He's just getting started. Yeah. And we're so we all agreed that we wouldn't. And then I forgot. Like five minutes later. So he's like, yeah, I think I'd probably just take like two of these. I would take the ray. I was like, oh, they was only 30. So then they convinced Jamie to do two. Okay. At that point. And then the next morning, Jamie comes. He looks fully rest. I go, I'm going to gummies you have because three. I like that smell boy. And he's a happier guy now. So again, Ronald and I are heroes is the moral of the story. And we gave money to a local business multiple times. And he gets to Canada. And he gives me, you know, you got to go to the grocery store and get his groceries. He's got a little kitchen up by the gym. Yeah. You know, get those groceries and stuff. And of course, I go over there to see him. Make sure he's all right. And he's got all his groceries and he's got some blond saw ready. He stopped at the little store by the groceries picked up some blond. So he's off. He's off all on his own now. I have no more responsibility for him. He is he's his own man. You got some good training in though. Well, he was my husband. Oh, that. Richard did have great training because of it because he slept well. Yeah. Okay. You two questions. We got some YouTube questions. I have a handful here. And we did have a weed question. So we'll have to get to that one. Probably. Without one. Let's see. If I already have a lot of questions. Let's just lead with that one. All right. Let me see which one this is. Okay. Here we go. Ron and Dusty tell us about the best experiences you've ever had on adibles. And the worst experiences you've had on adibles could be the same day, even. Never know. I've had so I only had. I had two times where I ate weed. And I was like, you know, pretty like messed up. I haven't taken that many adibles. I've had 10 milligrams. I'd say the best experience I ever had on adibles. How's this? The best was I took a 10 milligrams adible one time. And I went to arm brist gym and trained back. And I had a killer workout. And it did some extra volume because he had all these machines on to try and of course. I filled it. Yeah. And I, you know, rode the big blue and orange dumbbell. Did dumbbell rows of the big blue and orange dumbbell. I've done for Broncos dumbbell. And I fucking did bent rows. And I used some, I can play low to machines. I just had a killer back workout. And I remember that was like, I think that might have been the first time I'd taken an edible like in decades too, like a long time. So it was like a good like, oh, that was that was good. You know, because it was a real pleasant experience. It was only 10 milligrams. So it was like, you know, my music sounded awesome. It was like, it was good. The worst was always was also still like cool. And I've told that story before. So I won't tell the whole thing. But I think it was like 96. Ninety, no, a bit of like 97. I went to a Nirvana cover band in Australia. And I ate three chocolate chip cookies at my buddy made. But I was out of the room when he told everyone just have one at the most. And I eat three of them. And I was on my third cookie. And he's, yeah, we were in his house. And I was on my third cookie. And he looked at me and he goes, how many cookies did you eat? And I go, this is my third one. He's like, stop, stop. And I was like, oh, and he's like, these are really strong. And then I was so fucked up at that shop. I was like melted into the wall. I couldn't even fucking, I was just mesmerized with how good the band was. Like they were incredible. And I remember thinking like they were perfect. They even looked perfect. The guitar player was left handed and everything. So it was just, they put on a great show. The bass player was like six foot four. So it was just perfect. Yeah. And I remember just being so fucking high that show on John just cookies. I didn't smoke any weed or anything, just totally normal. But I just ate those cookies. And then that scared me off edibles for a long time. That's why I didn't do them for so long. And then I had the 10 milligram Denver experience. So yeah, those are kind of my, I don't know. That's all I got. I'm not a big edible guy. If I ever take edibles, it's to like sleep on a plane or go to bed. But that's rare. Right. I was just saying, I don't have a good edible story because my first experience was bad. So after the after I got signed with mutant, I had the issue with my neck where I didn't know it was my neck. I thought it was my shoulder at the time. And I was on some anti inflammatory pain, whatever. And a friend of mine suggested that. So he gave me, which was probably 30 milligrams down high and sight. He's like, just take these and we're at lunch. I took them. And I won't go with the long story. But let's just say it was about eight hours to the point that I was worried that I might have fried my brain. Like I actually had like a conversation with myself like if I wake up tomorrow and I'm still like this, I'm fucked. Like, did I? Because it was one of the things with time was, time was standing still. Yeah. Like I told Ron the story when we were in Vegas. But like I laid down and I had told Abby on. I said, I'm going to come in the I'm just going to lay down for a bit. And like hours had passed. So I came in the kitchen and my case, sorry. I don't want you to worry. I know I've been laying down for a long time. So I was like, it's been seven minutes. Oh shit. So yeah. No, no good story though. Because after that, you don't do those anymore. And then just like Ron, I started using later for sleep. Right before bed. That's it. Like even Jamie had about anything else. What do you mean just just like Ron, I started eating for sleep. Make it sound like I used them for sleep. Dilly, we're on. It's a very, very, very sleep. Ron does it every day. Like 40 miles. I heard it. Honestly, I think I've taken animals like 15 times in my entire life. Okay. Yeah. So there was people also too. 13. We're just sleep. Thus. That's just also let's get one more thing. I have so many people that talk to me. They're like, you know, people who like smoke weed all day long. Yeah. Yeah. They're like, oh yeah. You know, what do you like to smoke? I've had one guy. He's like, what do you like to smoke in the morning? I'm going to make it in the morning. Like I get lots of shit to do. Like I have a big coffee in the morning. Like, I'm not like a fucking, people think I'm a chronic. Because I like openly talk about how much I love weed. People make comments. I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, if I'm on my bike. Oh, no. I'm on my bike. I haven't smoked weed at all that day because I want to stay clear headed for the bike. If I'm, you know, train legs or something, no way. Maybe arms. But like maybe, you know, maybe arms or show. I do have a hoot off the pen sometimes for the show there. It makes people happy to know that. But not all the time. There's lots of shows where I haven't had any hoots off the pen. You know, that's what he's not as good. There was a story. There was a story. It was here in Detroit. It was, sorry, one quick thing. When we have like a guest on, I'm rarely ever. Because they just, I want to make sure I'm good for the guest. You know, I don't care about you guys. I can side there. Yeah, it's very show. Perfect. There was this. There was this. This couple that one of them was a cop. He got some, they didn't smoke weed. It was here in Detroit. But it was a national news story. He took some weed home from the evidence locker. And his wife made cookies or brownies out of it. Did you hear the story? Oh, my God. I heard the clip. Yeah. Yeah. He's like, we're dying. We're dead. Yeah. Yeah. Time is moving. Really, really, really, really, really, really slowly. Time is going by really, really, really, really slow. It's really, really, really, really slow. It's really, really, really slow. But then he also thought he was like, hey, do you have the score of the Red Weans game? At one point. Yeah. He's a good woman. He made it. Yeah. Made it. The 911 call. By the way, what's the story of the game? She made brownies. And I think we're dead. Yeah. Think we're dying. Yeah. It was good. It was the story of the game. All right. Good stuff. I know we got more much stuff. Remember the news anchors were laughing their asses off at that one when they showed the clip? I didn't see that part. I just heard the clip. And then they used it so many times to make different videos. And anime videos and stuff with the audio with the audio. There's a video. It's like KSX, news, oh, Spokane. Like it's like a local news. There's two news anchors and they're giggling. They're like, we got a funny story out of this. Right. And then when they cut back to them, they're just killing themselves. Like they're just good. All right. Love the podcast guys. Great information in last question. If you get a chance to answer. Is it realistic to try and make the jump from light heavies to heavies at 35 years old? I've been consistently training for seven to eight years and in competing seriously for four now. Thanks for watching Mitch. Well, I mean, you don't want to say it's not. I mean, I don't know enough about the guy to really give my opinion. Like if he's got, you know, very mediocre genetics. And he's, you know, a hundred and ninety two pounds on stage. And he has condition could still be better. Then I would say there's so much room in the light heavy class that, you know, it's probably not going to happen in the near future, you know. But if he's one of those guys that's like, you know, I say he's been training seven eight years. I mean, who knows? Maybe he's completely fucking blown up and he's still blowing up. Like I don't know. It's hard to say, you know, if he's one ninety eight and he's been forcing himself into light heavies. Then yeah, you could be a heavyweight, you know, it's just not quite enough info, but a lot of guys, the jump from light heavy to heavy. So, you know, think of the average height of most guys. What is, what is average height? Is it five nine? Is that actually mathematically the average height? Five. I would guess five nine. But yeah. Because I feel like I'm not going to have some more. I think five five eight nine. I think five eight five nine is the average height of a male. I mean, the point is on a mark this time. Yes, five wait. What is ASMR? Is that what it is? Does he's going to do some ASMR? This is five six. This is just like the random generic Google answer. It says human. Yeah. Just as just for humans, so across the world, not just the US. We need to go. That's a female. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, human males, five six human females, five two. But I'm thinking that there's some countries where people are really short, so they're going to bring our average is down, you know? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So, you know, let's just say five nine. Whatever. Five eight five nine. Five nine. Five nine in the US. There you go. Oh, okay. Five nine. So, it's just five nine. So, the most guys who fit into that five eight five nine category. Yeah. To be a heavyweight, like 200, you know, 200 to 220, that's like, you know, a good heavyweight. You can make the jump to the class and be successful. Those are like the guys with the better genes and, you know, usually taking the good drugs, blah, blah. That's sort of stuff. You know what I mean? Like, most guys that are five eight, light heavies pretty big for them by the time they're guided down. It's, you know, a lot of guys fall into that category. I know some really great bodybuilders that are light heavy weights at that height and they're really good. So, you know, they want to get to heavyweight because they need a bit more size, but I'm just saying that's a, you know, that's a big jump. Yeah. I agree everything you said. My answer is even more simple. You need to get better. So, just progress. Let it take you where it takes you. And like Ron said, maybe you put on seven pounds, but come in four pounds harder. Yeah. And only gain three pounds and you're still light heavy. So, I think that too many people, like, can this happen? I don't really like to worry about the finish line. Just head and that direction and you'll find out because you love bodybuilding. You're only 35 and we'll see. There's so many, like you said, there's things that you don't know the answer to, but if you have to drastically change your drugs or, you know, and start getting risky or, you know, blowing out your food, which you've already been eating a ton, that's probably not in the card's view. So, all I suggest is try to be better every year. And we'll see, you know, because I really do think, like you said, Ron, I've had a few people that I've taken on, where when they came to me, they were doing so many things wrong. And they were like, a good heavy. And I'm like, give me a year. And they're 242 the next year in grand. And all you did was tweak little things, so they're just genetically so good. And they were just making a lot of mistakes. Yeah. You know, and on the flip, I've had people that are just perfect. And I'm like, if we could just put on three pounds this year. Like, I'd be ecstatic, you know, so it depends on which camp you belong to. And even if you could be like a perfect, say like you came in at 197, right? And then you gained and you were perfect at that weight. If you came in at like 205 a year and a half later, and you were just as good, I don't care, compete in heavies, enjoy it, get in there. Who knows what you'll get out of it, you know? You could still do well, right? Even though, I mean, you're going to be giving up a lot of weight, you know? You could still do just as well. Yeah. You're doing it on that level. You're shooting for the overall anyways. Yeah. I mean, that's what a lot of the guys that I train with are at that level. Winding is only winning the whole show. So if they lose to the heavyweight, because they're 204, they're going to lose them at 198. Yeah. So it's fine. You know what I mean? So I don't really like to worry about those, because you are right. I didn't even think about that. A lot of people say, well, if you're not 220, you're not a heavyweight, I'm like, now that's not true. Yeah. You know, you can be alive to get an 5-8-2-5 in your freak. Well, look at what happened. Look at Diddishak at the Toronto Pro and last December when he turned pro. He was literally 199. No shit. And he won the heavy weights and overall. Easily. Huh. You know? So it's incredible. And then everyone was, and then the next day, David Henry asked him backstage, or stand right there. He was, how did you make weight for 2012? Because David Henry didn't know me, because where did you come from? And Steve goes yesterday. And he goes, oh, yeah. Right. Because like most people are like, you know, who are you right? And he's like, I'm the new pro that just turned pro yesterday, right? Yeah. And then David Henry goes, how did you make weight? And he's like, dude, I'm going to pay 200 pounds. That says a lot when Dave Henry can't tell. You know, it's all about illusion. You know, the illusion just can't be. You can't forget how important the illusion is. And we get fixed on numbers and weight classes and all that. But at the end of the day, it's like, how do you look? Yeah. You know? All right. Get another one here. Luki. He says, um, another great one. I love insights into how it works behind the scenes. Question. With so many athletes prepping and traveling all over the place. Jamie from the UK. How do the athletes, or you in the past? Handle your gear protocol will they be supplied with air quotes by the others living in that area. Curious about it. But I totally understand if you can't talk about it. That things for sharing your stories all the best from Austria. All, all I'll say is, um, you got to have friends in low places. Right? And, uh, and plan ahead plan ahead. You know, plan ahead. That's all I could say plan ahead and, and, you know, Helps to have a goal where I've had both. I've had times where I was gone for five days. And I, I don't overanalyze the exact day. I take a shot. So when we had that was traveling. Yeah. Like when we would go back in the day for five days to England, I'd take a shot the morning on my flight. And then I'd take shots like at home. I didn't bother. Yeah. Yeah. When I did like, I did a long-term stint in, um, in, uh, Australia, one year where we're gone for three weeks. And I had friends that would just bring me literally a loaded two on a kilogram shot of test. Because I was on TRT, but I didn't really want to fuck my levels up. So in different towns, so I'm just bringing me a shot and I'd take it and move on. I knew them. I knew them. It was good. So I never even saw the bottle. So there's, um, yeah. So when you're talking about just normal living, like quite often you just, just go, just go do the trip. Don't even worry about it. I, I never ever worried about any of that stuff when I did all that traveling with me. And I just front loaded. Don't maybe took an extra shot of test before we left or something. And, um, and then just just got through the five, six day trip. But, um, if someone's like, you know, four weeks out from a show, five weeks out from a show or something, and they're heavily prepping, and they're going for like a guest appearance or something. And then you can, you can bet they've just, you know, called a friend ahead of time and, you know, someone's coming over to their hotel room and sort them out. You know, same thing we do with weed. Anyways. Yeah. Just like rock stars back in the day. What's, what's, what's, bidget? Bid, no, bid, bid, bid, e t says, but Jerry. But, oh, a bidet. Oh, does, is there, I've never, okay, so I've never used a bidet. Apparently I don't know how to spell bidet either. But Jerry says does Ron use a bidet like all the other Canadians do? Or is he more, I mean, all the other Canadians? Yeah, I was really confused by that. I was like, is this a brand of something? I've never seen a bidet in Canada in my entire life. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. They answered that question. So, I've really, I've really, I've really placed, I saw, the only places I saw bidets were, I've been in some like really fancy houses where they had a bidet. Yeah. And I stayed in a couple fancy hotels where they had bidets. I don't even remember if they were in Canada or Europe. I think there were somewhere else. And, yeah, I didn't see them here in Canada. I don't know where they got that from. In Dearborn, which is the Arab capital of the United States basically. I've been in bathrooms at restaurants where I've seen, you know that, you know, at the sink in the kitchen, they have that hose that you wash, you know, pull the hose out, wash your dishes. I've seen one of those literally sitting next to the toilet, like connected to the toilet, basically. So, that's interesting because I, yeah. Yeah, I've been in, that's funny that you mentioned that because I've been in a couple houses that were owned by Arabs. And I rented a condo when we first moved here. I rented a condo before we bought this one. I rented a condo and our landlord was the person who owned it was Arab. And it had a hose, right by the toilet. And I was like, oh, interesting, you know what I mean? So that was like, you washed the dishes in the bathroom. What I used to eat is it for? I used to take it and I'd fucking hose the toilet down if I left some skid marks, you know? Just give it up. There you go. Good for cleaning it up. No washing. Yeah, it's power. It's power. I thought I worked pretty good. Yeah. It does make sense. Yeah. Although I will say this, I mean, that whole concept seems like it would be a cleaner situation than just taking some rough paper and rubbing it on your ass. Oh, you don't use water. That's why you kind of have you got to have the, well, you, yeah, well, I was finished with a wet wipe. You got to finish with a wet wipe. You know, I wipe the whole time. I only need to have the paper. There you go, guys. That's a serious expensive. It's a protein. I will give up other things in life. Every time Dusty shit, he's been scored all the way. I'll use 10 wet wipes every time I shit. Go through a pack. No, but think about every time you get a ghost shit, you just say $4. You could reuse that wipe. It didn't actually do anything. Never mind. Okay. Eric asks us a question for next time. What is the most unorthodox thing you did to improve your physique for or at least thought it would be? Could be training nutrition supplements, et cetera. The most, or unorthodox thing. Hmm. I don't know how unorthodox it is, but I remember, I remember, I felt like my glutes weren't coming in one year. And as Sito was like, let's pull your post workout carbs. So, like, I didn't have very many carbs, they left. And, you know, I only had like a bit in my breakfast, I think, and maybe a little bit post workout or something. Yeah. And he's like, let's put those carbs pre-workout and just use them to train and then don't eat any carbs after for the next three meals and go to bed with no carbs. And like, everyone's so scared to shrink, right? Like, oh, no, post workout carbs. I'm not going to replenish my glycogen and all that stuff. But when you're in a massive deficit anyways, it almost felt like it kept me in fat burning, like the post workout carbs were maybe kicking me out of like fat burn, you know? So, I train and eat like chicken and vegetables. And I remember the first time he did it with me. I remember the first week, I was like, holy shit, I like changed. So, it's like something I do with people sometimes. If they're on low carbs and they like to have some post workout, sometimes I'll just take it out. Move it pre, have them burn it up while they're training and then just go literally no carbs post workout for like three meals. I know everyone's always scared to shrink it. But sometimes when you're in prep, you just need to like lean into things a little bit. Question. So, let me clear this up because I'm not completely sure. Are you saying like maybe you had like a cup of rice, pre workout, a cup of rice post workout and then he changed it so that you had that cup of rice, cup of rice pre and post? I mean, the two cups pre workout or you don't have any carbs. I know, it wouldn't have been the equal amount of carbs. He might have just like gone like a cup and a half pre and then none post. Like I said, I mean, it's tilted like lean into it. Yeah, yeah. I use that term a lot, leaning into it, you know, whatever you're doing, just dial it up a bit. Yeah. You don't necessarily need to make massive changes, but hey, pull that post workout cartwheel out for a week. See what happens. You know, I actually remember making a note come to think of it that by just eating chicken and veg post workout and not having carbs post workout, I felt like I wasn't that hungry for the rest of the night. And I don't know if that's like, you know, when you're dieting really hard and you have that small card meal, like, really hits you. I need like want more carbs. I don't know if that's maybe part of it. So I did the, I got it from John Meadows actually, but I started with my night time cardio. I purposely pushing it and some of my blood sugar dropped. Yeah. And then going home and not eating and going to bed. He had something he talked about once. And I was like, yeah. And he talked about it. But I actually, I reached out to him. I was like, you know, is this something? And he goes, because I know it sounds weird, he goes, but I got, because it was when he was trying to really make weight at one point. He was really worked. And I was like, all right, so we'll see. So on the nights that I was like, and I wouldn't say I do endless, but at that point my carbs are so low. And they were first thing in the morning. So like, I would just kind of push if it didn't happen. And I was done with the cardio just go home. But sometimes it would happen. And you're got like 10 minutes left. I would push through the rest of the cardio. Have to sit on the machine for five or so minutes to like get my head straight. Drive home and then just go to bed. And could be placebo, but I swore after a time on my attacks from him like holy shit. Like again, I'm not saying it's magic, but it was like you said one, you just lean into it. You do a little more. You know, or if I feel, you know, when you're feeling like a little, like you're feeling that come on. And I'd look and I was supposed to do like 30 minutes or 35 minutes. When I'm at like 32, I'd be like, I'm just going to go until it hits. So that might be at 40 and I'd go, well, let's just go. And it was pretty not so I think also, and this is the part that I enjoy is I was just kind of like those kind of things because you're like, There's something wrong with you. If you think that this is the good route to go. And I enjoy that because everyone else was better than me. So it was like I had to have something in my bag of tricks because it sure is how wasn't genetics, muscle, shape, size, proportion, or any of those things. I never tried it. I never tried it, but I was always fascinated with the concept of it's very similar. It's exactly the same, but just augmented. The guys that would take like two-eye use of insulin. Yeah. Then do their cardio and then go to bed with no carbs. Good God. So it's like, so the two-eye use do that's number one-eye, yeah, yeah, no wall. These are guys who have already know what they're doing, but it might only be one-eye you like. It was that tiny amount of insulin. It was just enough insulin so they would drop and Glucogon would get released. You know what I mean? Like if your blood sugar gets low enough then you get to your Glucogon starts pumping out while you're doing your cardio and that's very light, like polypolic. You burn fat. Glucogon dominant environment. You burn more fat. So you're getting into a fat burning state and a Glucogon dominant state. And then you're going to bed. So it was like the same sort of idea, but just with a little bit of insulin to like speed it up. Maybe you were doing 30 minutes of cardio, but to it two units and Slinial and they need fucking 15 minutes of cardio. Maybe I don't know. So, but yeah, it always thought it was interesting, you know? Just a little too chaotic for me to be into. I've seen people do that even just like for their like am-fasted cardio, you know, couple one-two IU for that. And then they feed obviously after, you know? Yeah. I did something weird one time. Well, more than one time. We did a lot of weird stuff about it. Wait, wait, wait, wait. That's a lie. I did something no by my time. I've never heard people doing before. And I've never been a fan of like, sonas, anything like that. And I've never thought like, oh yeah, you need to sit in a sona to lose fat, you know? That kind of thing. But I got to this point in a contest prep. And mind you. So I was competing at like 195ish and then took 18 months to go. And then I came back and I was like, you know what? I need to get leaner. And I'm just going to get as lean as I, I think can. And I don't care if I could lose muscle. And I did, I ended up losing muscle. I dieted down to, I stepped on stage at 1801. The next contest. I've actually, I've got a picture here. I was showing to you guys. Boom, this is me. 1801 that year. Legs were depleted mostly. But I was pretty lean. Like I didn't have any fat left on my body at all that year, you know? And the thing that I did was just just part of it was, you know, you sweat a lot at night on trend. And I started like, as you guys said, lean into that. So I said, I can't I wonder what would happen if I like just put my electric blanket on me. Just on low. And I started sleeping with electric blanket and I wake up in the middle of the night sweating. So I, I had these towels and put towels down like beach towels on the bed. And I sleep with the electric blanket and wake up like three hours later soaked. And I'm like, oh, I got to change the towels, change the towels, put the blanket back on. I do that all night long for like a month straight. You're a machine. And I just got like hot like crazy. You're crazy. You're looking, you know? And I do think that there was something to it because like I got fucking nutty. It was crazy looking. I never had any clients do that by the way, but you know, whatever it was, it was just like this thing in my hat. I was like, I'm going to do this and I did. And it was, it was an interesting experience. So that was my, my weird thing. Sometimes the things talk you should listen sometimes. Sometimes, don't them. No, sometimes drink some fluid. Go to bed. Yeah, on the opposite end of the spectrum. I remember for the Albert is one year. Yeah. One the show. 99. It was my poverty prep. What I was going to college. But I was doing my cardio at like six in the morning. And I was walking outside because I didn't have what I had to drive to the jam. And it was like minus fucking 20 Celsius. So it had to warm my car up. Then go to the jam and it would have been a big production. So I just walked outside. And it was winter time because I started my prep in February. So it was minus 20. There were days when it was minus 30 for fucksakes. Which I don't know what that is to an American. But minus 40 is minus 40. So yeah. So minus 40 is the same as minus 40 Celsius. And it would be like minus 30 Celsius. So really fucking cold. And I would just put my winter jacket and my two can my gloves on. And I would just go outside and walk around the frozen lake by the house. And I would be fucking freezing cold when I left the house. Like as soon as I got outside, it'd be the coldy fuck. And by the time I got about halfway around the lake, I'd be pretty warm. And I wasn't dressed for the weather. I was using the speed of my walking to like warm me up. And I remember just thinking like how effective my cardio was. Like it was just that was just falling off me. And you know they say if you really want to like generate thermogenesis. You know, fuck it. We should sit in fridges all day long. You know, shiver. Shit, you know, sitting fridges and shiver and stuff like that. So I was, you know, maybe it was like accident a cold therapy. I didn't mean to be doing it. But I was doing like cold therapy cardio, you know. No, is it just be frozen when I got back like fucking fingers were blue, you know. So I'd shiver while I was making my breakfast. I'd still be shivering and oh god. It's just yeah. Yeah, it's good. For all Americans, every Europeans, two equals bini. I was forward. I was wondering if we should. I said it. I knew it. I was like, I don't know that. Dude, you're googling. They've stopped everything. I'm donating their annoyed still. And now you've got to come with a foreign word. Yeah, it's terrible. So we got days and tubes. The days and tubes. Question for the next pod. Do you feel high volume and low volume physique are different and how? Oh, no. I think that high intensity physique's look different. And what I mean by that is people who train hard as fuck. Because Jay Cutler trained hardest fuck in high volume. Ronnie Coleman trained hardest fuck in low volume high consistency. Because it was actually high volume at the end of it. Because he trained back thickness. Turned back. Yeah, twice a week. Dorian trained high intensity. The true meaning of it. And they all look like granite and or built like Richard houses. Yeah. I still think, you know, intensity of effort is. The most important factor in the gym with obviously. You have to direct your energy in the correct way with form and executioner. You just wind up, you know. Blowing everything. But, you know, I think intensity is the the difference maker. And I think that all the other stuff is just like. Tweaking of principles and distribution of effort, you know. And like some guys might put a little more effort into the prep sets. And then less and then don't don't do for straps, but they do more total sets. It's just, you know, it's all about workload at the end of the day and recovery. It comes down to what I've said this before in the show, but for those who haven't seen the. Many other episodes because we're no longer listening to numbers that we've done. Chris, the seat of I reached out to him when we first started. And I said, do you have any preference to what style of training I do? And he said, yes, I want you to train fucking hard. And that was the only answer I needed because that is the answer. So I think a lot of people get really caught up. Same thing like because I'm, you know, kind of the the last poster boy of DC training that worked under Dante. A lot of people come to me in the last thing is the only way you'll train me DC and I'm like. 85 to 90 percent of my clients cannot train that way. Doesn't work for them. Or they're not ready for it. So training hard is the magic. I also love when people say that Jay used to train lights. Well, he trained light in a lot of volume. I'm like, are you out of your mind that I've seen him in climb 405 multiple times? I've seen Ben Rho 405 multiple times like light in what what are you talking about? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He wasn't doing singles. No, but you know, it just it's funny when people say that because they just decide that it had to be. And I'm like, I've seen it with my eyes in front of me. Yeah, like you've never trained light. Yeah, and he trained hard to tell him that actually Jay trained a lot like you were on like fast. Huh, like you were sad. What brief that? And then throw a plate on a short break and then go again. And that's the other thing. That's what made you know, 315 405 on a Smith heavy because I'm like, no, the dude waited like 63 seconds between sets. I mean, yeah, wow. That's heavy as hell. 315. Dude, I mean, if you're a 500 pound squater, then do 315 way 60 seconds do it again. Wait, say seconds do it again. Tell me that doesn't start to feel heavy. Yeah, it's brutal. Yeah, you know. Yeah. All right. Got a few more here. All right. So question for the next show. I know it's diet that will dictate if you're cutting or ballking and not the P. E. D's. But I do believe that some are just better than others for putting on mass or cutting. That being said, I'm competing in physique and we'll start a cycle for ballking with test E and P. P and EQ. He says front load. So how much beneficial, how beneficial would it be to stack trend on a bulk cycle, which already has the base compounds and how much more effective if at all is stacking 4 5 6 compounds on average doses instead of 1 to 3 compounds max throughout the cycle. I haven't thought that much about bodybuilding my entire career. That's like, yeah. Well, first of all, I don't take anyone at all. Period should ever use trend unless they're prepping for a show and they're very serious. That's my take on trend. So no, not off season. I wouldn't use it in off season. I never once used it in the off season or to bulk or anything like that. And it's something you save for shows because you shouldn't be taking it for very long and you should try to take as little of it as possible. That's my take on trend. And so no to the off season. And you're already on plenty of gear if you're on 3 things in the off season and you're doing men's physique. You know, in men's physique, you should be able to build that type of physique with, you know, a lot less drugs than a lot less drugs than bodybuilding for sure, you know, and you shouldn't need these big stacks for that sort of stuff. You know, there's too many guisements physique that have the genetics to do it that are on hardly anything. Yeah. You know, that's my, I see some of these men, some of that guys that are like almost nanny, like they're, I know who they are. You know, there's some like top level guys that I've talked to and they're like, oh, it is like, do like, 250 tests and 300 master on and they're fucking, they look like super heavy weights and board shorts. You know, I was competing, I talked about this, how I feel like men's physique is stolen a lot of the supers because of the structure, right? But, um, and you're competing against those guys, your offseason cycle shouldn't have to be fucking two grams of shit. It's just, um, that's my take. I don't know, does you? I mean, I don't know what I'm talking about. It's here so you, you, you covered it for me. I mean, I mean, my men's physique, it's, it's all divisions. Like, yeah, I think that, you know, I was kidding with my remark, but like, I think we, a lot of us overthink by building in general, but the, the, overthink the things that are, the, the, uh, the smallest details and then underthink the others. Like, rather than focusing that much, I'd be like, okay, you've got your three drugs. Those are fine. It looks like you're planning on front loading the EQ and getting off because you know, you shouldn't be on too long. Great. Now let's get obsessive about the training. Let's get obsessive about the rest. Let's get obsessive about the supplements that will help that recovery beyond the drugs, because if you're a billionaire and you are given the jacks that none of these drugs will hurt you, I still wouldn't put you on like five or six drugs the time. So it's not, I'm not even saying that from a stance of health. I'm saying it really won't be better. Yeah. And if you're, you know, foods such a big deal, like I know these numbers don't matter, but just for sake of argument, I had a client that I took on and he, he was doing 400 tests a week with 500 pre-mo and 50 out of our day. That's what he was doing and he was on that for like two months and he came to me and he was like 1, 99, 1, 98, 200, like his weight was around there. And I said, well, first of all, get off the DHT's because we want, you know, just just get off all that, just take the test. So he goes down to just the test and it's been a couple months now and he's two-twelf. Nice. So it's food. The Balkan cycle, people think about how many drugs can they stack during their Balkan cycle, but, you know, you got to, you got to eat to make the scale move, too, you know. So keep that in mind. Yeah. I found out what I was doing. It's a huge way higher, right? That's a whole point. It's food went up like way up. When I used to take higher doses, I think the attack it had on my body made it harder to eat because you're essentially, you know, depending on what you're doing, like, I had to get rid of orals and things like that. I know you could take them before bed. But I just found anything that affected my eating, I throw away because that caused more damage than good. You know, so everything should go back to what can I do that allows me to eat as much as possible and rat, as much as possible. It's like the trending. If it's affecting or sleep, it's not a good trade. Surely not in the off season. And I'm not as anti as Ron. I've had people take training off season, but short bass and they're not using a ton in pre-condition or they've got two years of off season. But definitely something where if it was affecting their sleep, I'd be like, okay, we don't need it's not magic. We'll do something else, you know. So, yeah, four or five or six things. If nothing else, it just seems like a pain in the ass to take your shots. They got one more. As Dusty would say, we have a very important question here. Oh, yes. Fuck Mary Kill. Hot sauce. So easy. Mustard of any kind. BBQ sauce. And go. Mustard is Satan's scene. Fuck mustard. Kill mustard. I've never, how's this? I've never once used mustard on anything I've ever eaten on purpose. I accidentally ate mustard a couple times and I was like, fuck. So he means Kill mustard for the record. Oh, must. Yeah. I would Mary Hot Sauce. And then I would fuck BBQ sauce like as often as I could and try not to let hot sauce know about it. Well, you're not riding Coleman. You can't get away with whatever you're so bossy around and still look. Well, I don't like this. I don't like this. I'm not going to make. Yeah. I don't agree with that either. They have that GQ in the masterpiece is the best. You ever have that is the GQ's barbecue sauce. It's like made with Splenda or something. It's good. Yeah. Solid. Um, it's solid for sure. But so perfect. I have a funny tail. I was in the states somewhere. I can't remember if it was Illinois or where the fuck I was. And I was at a fast food joint. And I asked, I think I ordered like a chicken burger. I can't remember which one it was because you got all those ones down there that we don't have. Right? Like that ends now. It's in stake and shake. And I can't remember where the fuck I was eating. And I asked for barbecue sauce. And when I opened the bag and pulled out the little barbecue sauce thing, it was masterpiece. And I was like, oh, the best barbecue sauce they make. I got the Rodney Coleman barbecue sauce. That was the only time I've ever seen massive barbecue sauce was I got a little container of it once. Maybe someone down there knows where the hell they give that out. Or maybe they were just using it at the time. But I was like, oh, fuck. I remember like being all like, this is masterpiece. And I like took my time to really taste it. I was like, how right is Ronnie Coleman? No. That's right. Did you look bigger than next day? I think the pumps. Like there's extra something there or something. Something. Something. Hi, sodium. I can see that. I can see that. I agree with everything he just said. So I've nothing to add to that. Mary fuck you. Okay. Okay. That's all we got on the YouTube guys. Oh, okay. That's good. We smashed it. Well, episode number. This is a lot of episodes is all set then. We'll put the numbers still on the release. You know what I mean? You won't say it though. Yeah. That way if we can move things around. If we need to move things around ever, then we we're good to do that. You know? Is there anything else we have to talk about? What? Huh? No, we just really needed to talk about my dead battery and we covered that. So we're good. That's fine. I got something I can show you guys. I got to bring something home. Check this out. What's your name? Oh. Oh, is that the 20. Oh, what is that? This is the, that's not the essence. This is the, this is the obsidian nine on my clock. Oh, the obsidian nine, of course. Of course. Yeah. I got to bring it home. You didn't know that right way pulled it out. Yeah. Obviously. So yeah, it's a cool thing with the extended clip. Yeah, the cool thing is I already checked the guys were, we're empty here. Dusty. I have this feeling of freedom flowing through me just by sitting with him. You can also break this down and you're gonna have less of a silencer. Yeah. Yeah. In case you want like, you know, a little bit more mobility inside the house. This calf comes off. You pop it right on there. And then it's only this long. It's not as far as that like if you, you don't want the neighbor to hear, but it's okay. The room ain't knows you're about to die too. It's it's for moving around the house. So you don't blow your ear drums out, you know, but you still, you know, when you're clearing your house of intruders and naturally, yeah. Yeah. So I got to bring this anyway. It doesn't chip in for property taxes is considered an intruder. Yeah. But yeah, you got to bring it home. I'm happy about that. This is uh, this is freedom at its finest here. Fuck yeah. In your shoot, I would like around with nothing, around with a half barrel, half silencer, then around what a lot silencer is right in here. If you do that now, if you ask pop, you just pops. I mean, if I had the subsonix out, we technically could, but I don't think that would be the responsible thing, you know, here in the house. You don't have like an area of your house. You can send rounds into We just sent rounds over to the east. Yeah. Well, it would take like five, five mattresses with plywood between them when that stopped the bullet. I don't even know. I wouldn't want to find out, but they do tests like that. YouTube, you know, you'll see us for videos for the latest videos. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You could. You could see how many like rounds you know, who you could and you could do this. Let's do that. You mean like right now? Like, like, find a video of this? They do that. That's an overnight week. Yeah. Yeah. This is the 9 mil can and now I have a 22 can that is still being held that I'm waiting for, which is that one. You saw the video on that. That was very quiet. Literally, it's just like a click click click click click click. I was given like a movie that was less than a movie. Yeah. Yeah. That was so quiet. So that's the guy you'd need if you were like literally an crowded subway station. Oh, yeah. People would never know. I just you just walk right up, put four rounds up and do a guy's heart or whatever and just let him drop and walk away. Get on your train. Never know. You never know. I'm fucking perfect. I like to use what you need. Like a whole visual. It's like Ron has had the need to shoot someone a subway before. Not the restaurant. Yeah. Hi. Hi. Hey. Hey. Yeah. Yeah. This is what's right. This is what's right. It was. I'll talk right up to the table and you just put since it's a 22. That's why the assassins always like double tap at least right. Yeah. Everyone. Yeah. Few rounds. Right. And headshots. You got to do a headshot with the 22. So rattles around in the brain. That's the thing about a 22 is you get a real small entry and then it doesn't come out because they just fucking. Yeah. Yes. It's a good gun for killing people. Yeah. It's the assassins weapon of choice because it's so quiet. Like share, subscribe, comment, ring the bell and order from iamutin.com using either my code, dusty 20 or big Ron 20. There you go. You don't even know what's fucking code. You want to order from a guy doesn't know is on code. Anyway. I don't think I don't even know. Sorry. That I don't think your phone number either. Okay. Thanks everybody and remember it's just bodybuilding.