I remember just that image of these two guys coming in and just dominating the gym. Like this is our gym now. That's exactly what I was thinking. You know what I mean? Like we decided to we decided to come here for a while and it's our gym now. So hello. Hey everybody, welcome to It's Just Body Building Dusty Handsha Scott the producer McNally. My self-aggrandpard low. Like share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. There you go. Bring it. Welcome to The Show Gentlemen. Remember, I am mutant.com. Go to I am mutant.com. Get your ISO surge, get your all in. Everyone should get on the gear. And of course, use a code Dusty 20 big Ron 20. Either one, they both work. No regardless of what Dusty tells you. And of course, the think big Patreon Scott the producer has a Patreon for the channel. Keep all these shows rolling. What are all the shows again Scott? Just Sam and Blood Sweat and Gear. Blood Sweat and Gear. Muscled minds, drugs and stuff. Although we don't actually say that name on the show anymore just to help us stay on the stage. We've got all sorts of reaction stuff, you know? With you guys, it's just bodybuilding reacts. I've been doing reacts with John Hanson and we've got a new show with Cuba. So we got a lot going on. Yeah, yeah. It's showing some of the other games. We don't have a name. We don't even have a name. We've been asking people each week. It's kind of going to be coming like a run-of-point. We need to I will create a name. I'm good at this. It's about training Dusty. It's about training. I think you're welcome. Scott, Scott, show with Cuba. Got G. All right. Wow. Okay. That's it. Everyone. And then you could just call it SS. Scott's show WK. SSWK. It's just good. It's just good. It's just good. It's just good. It's just good. It's been good. It's been good. And he's getting ready now too. I think for Spain. So we talked to about training. And then we talked about how it applies to him each episode as he's dieting right now. I love it. Perfect. I like training with Cuba. He trained real smart. It was like the sets were perfect. He didn't do a lot of force traps. And remember, we were just doing one force trap per body part. Okay. So like we started with the flex in client. It's on the mute and on a mission episode. And we just go to failure. Like you're just hitting your literally your fail rep or the bark stops. Yeah. And then that's it. And then there was the one set we did a force trap on. And then the rest of the sets were just a straight ass failure. It was good. I thought, I don't break. I'm not going to break training with him. But super smart. And then he's strong as shit. Yeah. It was perfect. And yeah, it was good workout. And it changes form. Like we did a show about matching your training to your fuel source, to your food. And so how do you train during your prep, during, you know, like your recovery phase, during your off season and how does that change? He uses the term intensifiers for things like resin polystrop sets all of that. And so he'll remove those things when he's in that diet phase to still go to hard failure. But then gets rid of the stuff that would maybe eat into his strength. So that way he can do a strong job. Yeah. Yeah. I remember they started to do that through the off season too. That was also a Dorian thing. I remember Dorian saying that he would do no four strips at all for like six weeks at a time sometimes. And I think he probably lined it up with like, you know, coming down. Yeah. The supplements. Yeah. You know. Okay. What's the big topic for today? Not that that wasn't great. We did have one planned. So we dropped a couple really good reaction videos this past week. We got the branch for one out. We got the J-Color one out. And thank you, by the way, everybody for your comments and all the likes and stuff. People don't realize it, but just simply hitting the like button helps YouTube to get our show out there. So everybody who's watching, we appreciate you guys for all that stuff. But we got one common in particular on the branch video. And, oh, looks like we lost Ron's camera. They're Ron. Can you still hear us? Yeah, I could still hear you. But I'm nowhere to be seen. I'll just leave him come back. All right. He's been doing a lot of leaving, coming back to the hospital. I don't know. We're gonna have to figure this guy pretty soon. His life together. I mean, if he didn't have such good stories, he'd be gone, but I can't tell a story. So he's happy. All right. All right. So we got this one of the comments was I was a teenager training at Metro Flex during this time. Energy around there was insane to be 16 years old seeing these guys every day that you see in the magazines on top of the whole industry, being all about hardcore training was amazing. That time was my personal golden age of bodybuilding. And that just made me think imagine what it would be like to learn about bodybuilding at that time in that environment and it got me thinking what were the early experience as you guys had coming up in the gym? Because you guys weren't always big round part low and DC, you know, dusty handsha. So what was it like for you? What inspired you guys in the gym? Who did you see? Who were the big guys? Do you remember any stories from back in the day? Of course. I got lots. I'll tell one. Only what was a gym in Calgary. It was called pro bodies. And it was there for a long time. Like, I don't know what year it opened, but it would probably late 80s and then it was just there like all through the 90s and you know, 2000s. And whenever I went to Calgary, I would go train at pro bodies. And the owner's name was Rick. And Rick was like a, you know, big heavyweight bodybuilders is a good guy. And everybody knew him. And of course, Calgary is where all the wrestling was. Right? The heart's lived in Calgary, right? The heart's school. Heart had his wrestling school there. Calgary was very, very common to run into high level pro wrestlers that were maybe coming up to see the hearts or, you know, just all that sort of stuff, right? And of course, Stampede Wrestling was really big across the country in Canada. That was like a feeder league for the WWE F at the time. You know, guys would start and stampede wrestling and they'd be on Canadian television. And you know, the good guys would get pulled down to the states, you know. And so anyways, long story short is you go to pro bodies sometimes. And you'd see like, David Boy Smith or Jim Nighthart or Brett Hart or, you know, like any of those like that whole crew of guys, you know, training there and David Boy Smith was like, me and better say four plays for reps. So, you know, you're like 17 years old. And you go to pro bodies because they're like, I'm one of the big bodybuilder, Jim, and the big city. And you get there and David Boy Smith's their bench of four plays for reps and like laugh. And you know, and there's this accent. And he's like, just like, what a crew. You know, there was like, there was pro football players in there and all the bodybuilders from that city trained there and of course, older guys. But you'd go in there and I remember there was one guy had a great beard. So I knew he was like 50. And he was moving like the 150 dumbbells just hauling him off on the incline. Like, and this was in like 94. Like you didn't see 50 year old dude grabbing 150s and just smashing them for sets of 10. And you know, that sort of stuff. And it's everybody squatting five plates. But just seeing the pro wrestlers in there was, you know, I remember Brutus, a barber beef cake was in there one day. No, yeah. Like just hilarious. Like super stars, right? Like, you know, Hulk Hogan trained there. I mean, everybody went there. A macho man went there to train everybody went there when they were in Calgary. You know, so, but I remember just seeing those guys and, you know, I'm a bodybuilder. But these guys are like super stars. You know, especially to a kid, you know, like back in those days, you see a WWE F superstar in the gym. And you're just like damn, you know, and they were larger than life. You know, David Boy was big. He was bodybuilder, big. Let's go. So how old were you? How old were you? Did you say when you went there? Uh, well, I would have been like, I would have been like anywhere between 17 and 23. Okay. We were big. You were big by then. You were good. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was getting big. Yeah, for sure. So, but they were bigger because it's David Boy's movement and you're full of nice. It's a pretty spull dog, man. You know, it's awesome. How about you, Dusty? Um, you know, so when I first moved back to Arizona when my hockey days were done, I walked into, I found a golds gym and it happened to be the gym and the East Valley of Arizona that all the bodybuilders went to. And I remember walking in and just seeing bodybuilders for the first time, like, good, good bodybuilders. And it was, it was, I kind of followed bodybuilding indirectly, like, most kids are aged, did back then. Like, even though I wasn't big into it, I would buy the magazines every now and then. I knew who Sean Ray was in Kevin the Roney and Ronnie Coleman and J. Cut all these guys prior to getting into bodybuilding because he just kind of somewhat watched. It was like watching superheroes. So seeing him in the flesh was really wild. And I remember it clicking that that's what I wanted to do. I was like, okay, if I can't play hockey anymore, I want to look like that. I just want to be a freak, you know. And so I was 20. And I was kind of watching from the distance and seeing what they were doing. But more just impress because when you've never seen someone in shape and the body move, it is different. Like to us now, you don't think any other. But seeing someone in shape. And but just something that's simple as a curl and watching the bicep and the break out, everything move, like blew your mind. So we just moved back. I got into the gym. I was staying at my mom's for a couple weeks waiting for my apartment to open up. So we get our get our apartment and it's a nice place. Got a pool. So I go down to the pool and I'm sitting there and laying by the pool and also and I see this guy walking. And I consider myself a relatively straight man. And he took a shirt off. And his wife had a ridiculous body. And I was not watching her. I was completely like that's the guy from the gym. And now he's sure to solve. And it's freakier than I thought. I mean, because he was in shape. And I'm just like, how is this real life? So a few months go by and I decided to screw it. I'm committing and I went up to him in the gym. I knew his name at this point and I was like, hey, Robert, his name is Robert. Farrow, he's still his own gym now and Arizona helps so many people. But I was like, I want to get huge. How do I do it? And this is where things changed from back then to now. He didn't want to talk to me about the perfect grams of this or that. He grabbed a piece of paper, a pen. And he wrote out a diet. And one of the meals was to go to Jack and a box every day and get to chicken fajita pita's double chicken, side of fries, and a slice of cheesecake. That was one of my meals and I did it every day. That's the only thing I could eat. I was like, done. And so that was the beginning of me starting to get big into bodybuilding. And what made it really cool was fast forward. I don't know, a decade. And I got him ready for his last show when he did Master's Nationals and he missed his procard by a point. Oh, you're kidding. Oh, you're kidding. Yeah. I'm a certain person. It was wild because I'm like, I'm prepping you now. That's interesting. But he got nasty. And he always did. I mean, you look back at how bodybuilding has changed because there were less shows back then. So when you would go to a show, they were stacked. I mean, there'd be 15 guys coming to win. Well, there's only bodybuilding, too. And it was a, you remember, right? I mean, you'd go to the show. And it was like after prejining, there'd be every beat out front. Like, oh, I got him. I got this guy. So it was really cool to come up like that and see those guys. And I still look back and think of that. So when you're in the gym now, I think you start to realize it. There are probably kids and people watching you that you don't know. Because I mean, I didn't say it worded them for months. Yeah. I just kind of watched from the side, like, man, you know. So there was that. And unlike Ron, I have to give two stories. There's one that just changed my life forever, which getting ready for my first show and seeing the guy who was going to win the overall few weeks later, walk out from the bathroom and just his trunks. I was like, we aren't doing the same thing. And I was in his class and it was, it was awesome. I mean, just seeing, because you know then in there, I think again, that's a change that I don't know that everyone has is I was like, I need to know what he's doing and not doing to be that lean. I'm not talking about the size. I wasn't worried about that, but he was peeled and I worked hard and I was lean. And I'm like, okay, there's something to be learned here. And again, I think the big takeaway that I hope this guy had that was watching them is all these guys were down to help me. That's ask. You know, I mean, this was, I didn't ask them like, prep me, but if I had a question, they would answer, you know, and then it got to the point where I was doing something stupid. They'd come tell me, I ain't knocked that off. But yeah, those are good times. I mean, as soon as I read that question, I'm like, oh, I can go for an hour and a half on my own on all these stories. I figured you could. That's why I wanted to ask you guys. Yeah, I'll do a second quick one. That's the way. Yes. I'll be quick. So I remember one day I was at the gym. I was in high school like grade 11. And it was like super, super cool though, like minus 30 Celsius, like, you know, you a diet side, if you're not wearing the right clothes, you know, Canada cold. Yeah, Canada cold, you know, four feet of snow, the plows and it's just snow banks everywhere. You know, the sea. The sea has been still plows have been up and down the street. And I'm setting the scene. It's just like winter absolute Canadian winter, right? You're trudging through the snow up the sidewalk to get to the gym door because they haven't been able to shovel it fast enough. Like crazy. And I'm looking out the window between sets and the windows covered in frost. Like the corners have thick frost in them. And it's like, I'm setting the scene, right? And the gym is very humid inside because of course, you know, the conditions like everyone still steam coming off them when they walk in the door. And it's like super cold. Anyways, this little festiva. Festive festival or whatever. Yeah, the little three cylinders. Remember? Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. It pulls up out front. And it's like having a hard time in the road because there's like so much snow. It's been plowed, but it's like, you know, kind of sliding around. And the guy parks it right in front of the gym. And he's too huge monsters get out. Like they're both 250. And back in like 1991, there weren't a lot of 250 pound monsters, right? These two guys get out big like army green winter jackets with the hoods up. And work boots and the gators, gym pants tucked into the work boots. And they get out and they get their bags. And it's in this little tiny car. So it's just visually hilarious. Yeah. Yeah, visually very impactful. And I'm like, what these two huge monsters has got out of that little Ford Festiva. This is ridiculous. And they come up to the gym. I've never seen them before. Turns out they had been at another gym for years, but they just wanted to try the other gym because there's only two main gyms in town. And they just came to my gym and I just hadn't seen them yet. And they came in, you know, stomping the boots and snow off their boots and like everyone turns on like who the East two guys. And they, you know, start they get a day pass or whatever. Take off the winter jackets. They got the gators, gym, California body wear, you know, tank tops with the boat, neck shirts, big huge guys, 250 pounds each. And the one, the one guy's got long like brown hair, you know, that kind of a hockey mall it. And then the other guy's got like Conan hair, but it's blonde, like long hair. They both had long hair. So they look like bar variants. Like they were like the closest thing I'd ever seen to the bar bear in brothers. Yeah. Right. And they come in to our was picturing. Yeah. That's like I'm basically like, oh, we have a, we have a set of our bear in brothers at this gym right now. Like I'm in, like that's what I'm taking. When they come in and they throw the bar on the rack, they pull this, pull the safety out right old school. Zing. Oh yeah. Hold this one. Zing, both safety's come out. And they start squatting the bar and they start stacking plates against the rack. Ding, ding, getting them ready. Make it sure no one takes a plate. And they put five plates on the floor on each side. And I'm like, oh, shit. And remember, 1991. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm like these guys are getting down to business and they, you know, one plate for 10, two plate for 10, three plates for 10, four plates for 10 and it's a grind. And then they throw the five plates on, wrap up the knees like hardcore like, you know what I mean? And everyone in the gym is like, ah, and I mean, I don't, I was already training hard. And they were already body builders in the gym, but these two guys just showed up. They're stealing the show. Yeah. Right. And they, five plate. They both five plates. They get like at least six to six date reps each, you know, they're, you know, holler and making noise and after they're done the five, they'd be a back off set. Like they're not even thinking like the terms we use and just how they train. And then, and then they finish squatting and they go over to leg press and they keep their workout going. And I remember just that image of these two guys coming in and just dominating the gym. Like, this is our gym now. That's exactly what I was thinking. Yeah. I mean, like, we decided to, we decided to come here for a while and it's our gym now. So. Yeah. It was just so, it's such a crazy visual to me at that age. I wound up becoming really great friends with the one dude, the other guy moved away, Kevin moved away. But Eric, I mean, Eric's like a lifelong friend of mine. And, and it's just I, I, I tell that story to people sometimes because I'll never forget those two monsters getting out of that festiva. And how insane the whole gym changed when they came in and started squatting. It was like everyone was on notice of like, ah, of course, no callers. They used to rattle the plates like crazy. Yeah. Oh man. Yeah. Just awesome. Did the, the plastic plates don't rattle. No. No. Yeah. Like, you know, and they think they wouldn't like, I remember they'd squat and like, one of the plates might wiggle out a little too far. Yeah. Yeah. And they just keep squatting like, yes, that's just part of the functional fitness element of squatting with their colors. That's what they were thinking. Functional. Yeah. Erika the ruin Kevin Jones. I'll never forget those two guys. It's crazy. We had a couple guys and I became friends with one of them. Scott Hughes and I had seen Scott Hughes since back at Powerhouse, Canton. So after I got serious into bodybuilding, I started going to Powerhouse. I wanted to go to a Powerhouse gym. And there's like a Powerhouse gym and literally at the time every city around me. You go to Powerhouse, Wesleyan. You go to Powerhouse, LaVonia. You go to Powerhouse, Canton. And then they had one up and farming to N Hills. So I chose Canton. It wasn't that far for me. It was a good gym. They all were about the same. They all were outfitted like in the 90s, had like the full hammer strength line up. You know, the the incline hammer, the flat hammer, the decline hammer. You see those three at every gym. Every single one of these gyms had everything about the same. Maybe one of them would have like the hammer shrug machine and the other one would have something else. You know, something random like that. But I remember Scott was in there with his brother and his dad would train at the same time. Now his dad was really old. Like I'm talking, I'm talking like hobbling over. But he would spend about a good half hour at the at the squat rack and he'd load that thing up. It's heavy. He could. I can't remember what he was doing. But he was at least doing a few plates. He was pushing. At least a couple plates. I think maybe getting into three and he'd only do like one rep though. But just keeping his strength. But Scott on the other hand, he was a big guy. Like him and his brother, they were both like taller, stockier guys. Like kind of like like your build run, just like a taller guy, wider frame, you know. And they were both really strong. But Scott kept training. And so we kind of followed each other around. Like after Canton closed down, we both went over to Novai. So I'd see him. I'd known him for years. He got to be really big too. Like super heavy big. The thing about him is he got, he was so loud. He was so loud. He would get kicked out of gyms because he made so much noise. It was like, it was like to the point where it was, it was too much. You know what I mean? Like it was over the top. But like powerhouse farming, powerhouse Novai was the world headquarters, 60,000 square foot gym. When you're over at the counter and you're checking in and they're trying to, they're trying to make it into like more like a fitness club, kind of feel. Because if the world headquarters, it's in a very nice area. And Scott is literally the other side of a 60,000 square foot gym around a corner and down the ways and you could hear him squatting from that front. Like ball your checking. Yeah, Scott's here. So yeah, he ended up getting kicked out probably a handful of times. In fact, do you remember Ron? We did that podcast years ago. I called it the Death of the Hardcore Gym. And I interviewed you. Yes. Yeah. And I'm too about getting kicked out of gyms on that same episode. I don't know what I mean. Yeah. But he is a cool dude. He's a cool dude. And I still remember when I was getting serious into it, watching him train and just thinking, oh my god, those guys are so freaking strong. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. First time you see somebody rep in five plates on the squat when you're a kid. Yeah. You're like, oh, no, you're putting like, you know, you're squatting two plates. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Oh man. OK, we got some listener questions, buddy. Guys, we have a bunch of listener questions. And I want to remind everybody to comment below because we can always use more. Yes. So we did get a, this was more of a comment. This was on the Jake Colour one. He said, do you guys think there's a chance you could invite a seat on the show? We've got a couple of times. There's a chance the show. Yeah. Not a lot twice. We've had a lot of twice. And he had the same technology both times on his head. Yeah. We're hoping that eventually technology gets to the point where Chris doesn't have to think about it all. It just happens for him automatically. Yeah. I'm sorry. We're acquiring one of his kids be there with him. Right. To run the same forum. Because you're youngest son there. Perfect. Have him set this up. Yeah. All right. Show. You only have bands and dumbbells backstage. Maybe a pull up bar. What would your pump up routine be? And I went when I thought about that. I thought of my first show where they actually had like an entire one of the local gyms would bring all the weights. And they would be a room where they do you guys remember that? They'd have all the real weights there. They don't do that anymore so much for state shifts. I am. Yeah. I don't need dumbbells at all. I mean back in the day we had them. It was cool. But it would supply. It would be a bunch of dumbbells on the floor. But I would just need like a set of 20s. Yeah. Fifty and even. I would just like do some push-ups. But you got to remember the day of the show. You only have so much blood. You can't pump them. Everybody part, right? And you know, there's I think quads and triceps can lose detail if you pump them too much. I think usually sometimes lots. Some guys are lats get crazier when they pump them. So you only have so much blood. So you know, you just got to kind of look at your physique and say like, you know, do I need to pump my delts? Like maybe your delts are crazy and your pecks are kind of flat. So I would just do like a bunch of push-ups and try to drive more blood to your chest. So think that way. Like what actually makes you look better? You know, when you pose after your workouts, do you look better on delt day? Do you look better on chest day? Do you look crazy on how your back looked nuts when it's pumped? Or does it kind of lose detail and fog out a bit? So it's just, I don't know, no your body. You don't have to pump everything. Bands are plenty. We used to use a towel. This gets you guys at the towel and you'd roll with the lats. Do latt rows of the towel or you do the buddy ladders and the one guy's doing his delts and like, as doing his pecks and buddy ladders, we used to do that and then just some push-ups. You know, get the veins and your arms going to some, you know, band curls and you're good. I think the biggest, the first thing I would say regarding pumping up in general is you need to be ready to pose. You do not have to work out back stage. And then be shocked when you're exhausted for posing. I mean, like it's, it's, and you will see it. Even at the national level with newer people, I'll watch them. And they're like working out over there and I haven't gotten oil yet. I'm just sitting in the corner, waiting, waiting. My entire routine prior to going on stage would be when they said, okay, hurry up, hurry up, hurry up. I was like, okay, so we have 25 more minutes because they're always way too early. Right. Right. Wait, tell the very end. And then literally I would do ladder raises with the, with the bands, some curls. And then just leaning into a bench, some close grip push-ups. And I was ready to go. Like it doesn't take. And then when I'm waiting in line, I would just kind of like squeeze, squeeze muscle, do a row with no weight, squeeze your back. And you'd be good to go. So I think if anything, I would recommend underdoing it to overdoing it. We, I would advance for Nicky to have backstage of my Kirchabans. You're going to need to work on these for three and a half minutes. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I think that, um, pumping up is technically overrated. I'd like to overfocus on it. Um, I think that posing, you should run through several rounds of poses. They don't know yourself and over. But you got to really get all your tissue moving and stuff is good flexing and squeezing. It's like dusty said. But you know when you do your videos, I mean, so here's something you should be videoing your posing, right? Yeah. And you should be doing multiple rounds and you should be thinking to yourself, Oh, I always look better on my third round. Um, I back room glutes, or I was tighter after. So then do those rounds backstage, right? Like some people don't think of that. They're like, Oh, yeah, I look great in my pictures when I take the fourth video and screenshot it, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The only one round that'll land in fourth place. Um, yeah. I like the, I found one that nobody ever told me, Hey, you should do upright rows. But for me, upright rows just kind of like filled everything out of top plus got my biceps. So for me, upright rows were always one that I do always do with the band. And it's just I figured, Hey, this looks really good for me. Because it kind of hit like everything from that like shoulder girdle plus the biceps. I was like, I like this one. Oh, yeah. Yes. You know, yeah. I remember the head, um, there was a show. When I went on my grand tour in 2017 and I was like, I'm going to do a show in LA. And, and, and they had the pump up area in the back and then the door was open. So you could go outside in the sun and pump up with the heat coming down on your head. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was a good feel. It was because Detroit, you really didn't have any of those options. There's no go out at the sun, especially if it's like an April show. You know, I'm a very nice host. Yeah. Yeah. There is no sun. I remember I was at a show one time. And I was, uh, it was night show. And we were just backstage and there was this one old guy. Is like a master. Yeah. He was covered in veins. Like just sick in the morning. I saw him and he just fucking, he's just one of those guys, right? Yeah. And then he he comes walk around the corner at the night show and he's even crazier. And I go, dude, what did you eat? And he goes, oh, no, I just been standing in the sun. He, he found the side door. He's like this old veteran and he's like, oh, look at for some heat. You know, like, remember Dave Puss and Ellie used to take the blow dryer? Yeah. Oh, dryer thing just pulled me out. So he's like, nah, found a door. I got some sun on me. Look at my quads and he's like, that's my old man's impression by the way. Your impressions were becoming infamous. So keep those roll. Yeah. He sounded like a sailor. Yeah, essentially. I did. I did. Maybe he was. I'm thinking I did have one. One, I got a story. I got to tell you guys. So this was at the Redford Theatre in Detroit. So this is, uh, this is a pretty, they stop doing shows at the Redford, by the way. Um, and in part of it was like kind of this. Yeah, because of this. Because of this incident. Because of the, because of the, because of the cried, they stopped doing shows there. And they, they kind of took it out to the suburbs. But it's a beautiful old theater. And, um, it's, I can, I can tell you all about that. But the story was the backstage sucked. It was like the size of my office and there's like one light bulb hanging down. And the walls are painted black. So you can't see anything back there. And everybody's trying to pump up. And I know we had 15 minutes. The other option was to like walk behind the curtain, the, the back of the stage, along the curtain, along the wall. And then it opened up to this other side. But it, if you, if you, there was nobody to tell you like when you're, when your, when your class was going on. So if you got caught over there, you're going to be screwed. Anyway, I couldn't see anything. I needed to put oil on. And this guy, I kept running into the same guy. We kept doing the same shows. He was from like another part of Michigan. Never saw him any other time. Facebook wasn't even super popular yet. But we'd run into each other to the shows and we'd always compete against each other. I was like, hey, what's up, man? You know, so him and I were like, hey, let's go outside and we'll put our oil on outside. We've got 15 minutes. So we walked through, we had to walk through the front of the theater and walk out the front doors, walk down the sidewalk and then walk over to the alleyway where we're going to, to our dance. And there's a, it's hot. Okay. It's a summer day. There's a bunch of people from the hood all hanging out all over the streets. That means my flip flaps and some purple underwear. Guarding tape. So it's this other guy, you know? Oh boy. Nice. That's thing, guys. We're going to go. People were yelling at us. They're like, but also think, but also got to and close. Stuff like that we hear all this stuff. And we were just like, oh shit, we're back there, put an oil on each other and everything. Yeah. That was, that was a, yeah. There was a lot of show in the neighborhood from two men, Paul and the Robert 90 Jr. It's something you would expect to see in San Francisco not to try it. Yeah. Brown deponated to try it for sure. That's amazing. That was, that's, that's the lead story right there. Yeah. It's got in another guy in the alleyway. This side of the, yeah. Yeah. I don't know if I got some loovin' and alleyway. Yeah. Yeah. If I was a type of guy that was going to like try to rob people, I would probably what's want to keep distance from both of you. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I was going to run up to you and try to touch you. What are you going to take? Yeah. Yeah. I got to tell you one more then because we remember talking about weird tans. We're talking about the cow tans are weird. So I, I may have told you guys this a long time ago. I know I told it, but it's been years on another show that my girlfriend and I were going to the night show and I'm, this is back when you did your own tans. So it's not super even. It doesn't look really good, right? And I've got my hoodie on. I had the same old rotten hoodie that I would wear to every show because it would just get a mask up. And I'm sitting in the past your seat and we had to get gas. So I'm sitting there like this just in the past your seat and she gets out of the car. We're driving to the red for theater, rough area. So we stop and get gas happens to be a rough area. Some lady starts walking over to the car and you could tell she's down on her look. Looks like she's strung out and she's no question. She's going to be like, hey, do you have five dollars? You know, something like that. And she gets close to the car and I look up at her and she makes eye contact with me and literally stops. And turns around and walks away. I might be done on my luck, but this guy's way worse. She didn't know what to think. She was like, yeah, no, we're not going to talk with you. You look like a cracked out math head with his hood up. You got these old kids. You got these old kids. Yeah, yeah, covered in dirt. Yeah, she was like, oh, this car got already out of the car without her knowing. Yeah, yeah. So this car already has a homeless person in it. I was walking away. That's what a pretty much looks like. Yeah. Seats taken. She's taken. So anyway, that was my, I was going to tell you guys that the other week. But I missed it. We were out of time at the moment there. Should have made time for that one. Yeah, that was good. How about this? What's the best exercise or exercises to bring out the Adonis belt or the lower abs slash oblique? Oh, that's body fat levels. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, get leaner. Just got to get leaner. You know, if, you know, if your abs suck, train your abs too. No, some guys have big brick abs. They don't really need to do crunches and stuff. But if you don't have those, you know, might help once you get lean enough. But, you know, lift heavy and hard. You should have core muscles. Yeah. All right. So here's one of the, I would be interested here with you guys have to say. Jerry asks us. He says, um, if you guys posted on a timeline, social media page or somebody, uh, uh, somebody's famous and they actually respond and you end up having a conversation and then you think to yourself, holy crap. I'm actually talking to so and so. I've been posting on the net since the 90s. And I'm still enamored at how easy it is to have a conversation with people these days that never what happened in years prior. So it's gotten to a conversation with Robert Irvin, Josh Gates and a few others and was absolutely blowing away. If possible, maybe give examples outside of body building. Thanks guys. Keep up the great work. Hmm. That's interesting. Idea, like interesting thing that could happen. I don't necessarily know if I could think of anyone outside of body building that I've corresponded with online, um, who's like crazy famous, you know, I talked to a lot of, I've talked to a lot of people that are really great. Like I've talked to a lot of people that are maybe world, you know, world champions at what they do. Yeah. Um, but, you know, um, I wouldn't say they're famous. I haven't had like a, you know, I don't know, an Instagram thread going with Ryan or anything like that. You know, though he is from Vancouver. Don't. I do. But yeah, I'm the same. Like, because I don't, I mean, I just don't interact. Um, the adults. I think that I can, you know, can think of is, and it wasn't like a star struck thing. It's just the realization. Like when you're training and in gold's vinaus back in the day, you quickly realize what a lot of people don't understand, which is that people are just people. I mean, you're training gold vinaus. You will run into like a list of celebrities. And they're like, I guess, bought. Because I'm just, yeah, you know, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's just that. It's what he was about. I think actually the, the, I think the coolest, I didn't spot, but the coolest person that I met and seen train was John Cena because he is an animal. Yeah, that was, that was actually in San Diego at World Gym back in the day, which is now called the gym. He would go into the gym and train like any of us like an animal in leaf. Yeah. I mean, there's no, there is zero celebrity with that guy. Yeah. That's cool. That he is a celebrity. Yeah. It's, I mean, that's not one where you look around. There's John Cena squad in five plates. Okay. Cool. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But he, it's, that I think that's the main takeaway, obviously, because I, it's not online with his comments, but you do just realize like, of course, if you have something to say that you know, hits them or something they're interested in or have a opinion on, you know, it is nothing to them. They're not thinking like, oh, I'm talking to this peasant. Yeah. Oh, good, good thought. I didn't think about that, you know. My very first time in gold Venice, I ran into Routy Routy Piper and he was like, you know, when I was arresting fan in the 80s and 90s, right? So, you know, I'm at the gym and I go to use this machine and this older guys on, he's guys hood up and he's kind of got a limp and he's doing curls and I just go, hey, how many sets got left? And he goes, oh, it's working. And I'm like, oh, it's ready. Ready paper. No. And so I just said and then he kind of chatted and I had a Canadian flag on my belt. Okay. Oh, can you go from Canada and I was like, yeah, it goes, oh, oh, oh, oh, a man and he like shook my hand. And then like I went and now I want to back to training and arms with Craig Titus that day, which is another story. And then afterwards, I think it was maybe the next day I saw Routy again and he walked me down to Max Mussel. No, kidding. Yeah. Like Routy's like, I go, hey, he's sitting on the bench outside with this dude and I go, hey, do you know where Max Mussel is? And he goes, oh, yeah, walk you down. He's going to eat. And so I just walked with Routy Routy Piper like on the street down and then he goes, it's right there and then he goes on fire houses right there and I was like, oh, awesome. You know, but I'd already been to fire house with Craig the day before. So I was like, that was a fun trip. Yeah. But yeah. But it's just funny, you know, like Routy Routy Piper and you're right, you're like, dusty said like, maybe it's something about the gym. Like you see a celebrity in other settings, it's different. You see him at the gym and as a gym person, you're like, oh, that's like, I'm not going to bug that person. It says like sacred time. You know, like I get it. They're just like me. The gym maybe is a little bit of a different type of place to see a celebrity. Yeah. Maybe brings everything down to the same level a little more, maybe. I don't know. Good to see. Gravity will do that to you. Yeah. 200 pounds is 200 pounds, man. So I kind of lied that wasn't the question. I was really excited to hear your opinions. But as I started reading it, I was like, oh, yeah. There's a restaurant. Oh, by the way, we've covered a lot of wrestlers today. Yeah. We really had a wrestling. Yeah. Just for a potential wrestling addition. Sorry about that. All right. How about this one? Here's a question given Dusty's joke about posting a client's pictures without permission. And because I've seen it. It's about four times now. A coach posts their clients. AM check-ins with a complete complete with a toilet seat donut imprint on the back shot. And I wondered, should a client expect that their check-in photos will be posted without noticed? I was rather irritated that the coach outed me outed my before and after. Oh, okay. So it happened to him too. Which I don't dare post publicly myself. He says irritated. Not horrified. I've never done that. If I, you know, you know, you know, you don't matter who it is. If I want to, first of, usually I only share anything you see on my page means they've already shared it. Yeah. Just re-aggusting. Or if they have like a really good transformation, I'll ask for permission. Like, hey, you know, pressure, but I'm, you know, just tell them like, it's not even about me. It's just super proud of your work and I'd like to put it up. And yeah, no one's ever said no, but I've never. It's like Ron said last episode. This is not part of the deal. That's stealing at that point. If they want to be shared, then absolutely. And the same thing I took clients in the beginning, like, if you tag me, I will re-share if you don't. I just assume you don't want people to know we work together and that's fine. That's, that's poor taste of a coach to do that. Yeah, I, this whole thing like, I, I don't know. I, I, I hear stories like, okay, you have to put my name in your bio and all photos sent to me or my property. Yeah. Like, this whole thing, like, fuck. Like, just coach the person. Like, I don't care if anyone even says my name. I could give less of a shit. Like, you could go when you're show. Obviously, it's nice if you say thank you. But like, you don't have to put up a post. You don't have to tag me. If you do, I'd be very happy to share it. But that's just, yeah, I don't know. That's stuff kind of irritates me. Especially when that's the thing. Especially when that's the thing. So the background and the foreground that they won't repost, I think that will help you a lot. Yeah, or yeah, just tell them like, hey, don't, I don't know. I'd be mad like, if I was this person who doesn't want to even post them themselves. Right? Yeah. Like, it's one thing if you're like a world champion. Like, I'm sure Milo's can throw up a photo of Regan without asking him. Right. Yeah. Because like, it's not, there's a difference, right? Totally different thing. For sure. Yeah. You can get ready for a show, maybe yourself conscious about your, you know, you take your hamstrings or small, that you don't want to get flamed or whatever. Like, coach, coach can't just go blasting everybody. Look, look at my work, you know. Yeah. I consider that similar to when people decide randomly to screen shot a private conversation over text and post it. I'm like, yeah. Whoa. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Yeah. Every time I see it, I just cringe. I'm like, I don't think that was meant to be public or it would be reply all. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I've got that happen to me. I have had that happen to me. Yeah. Yeah. And it's like, you know, luckily I didn't say anything dumb, but it's the person was just like, oh, look, this person agreed, you know, Ron agrees with me and they posted a screenshot. And I was like, oh, good thing it wasn't anything terrible. Oh, I did to you guys the other day. Do you remember that? Yeah. Well, Ron saw it dusty didn't because he's not part of the, the Facebook group. Remember that comment was there was there was a question in the group, but was something like, what if Ron and Dusty were a couple who would be the top, something like that was remember that. And I screencapped that and I sent it to you guys. You guys had a couple funny jabs and I screencapped that and I posted it. I was like, here's their response guys. Oh, yeah. Well, yeah. That's a vegan meal of a moment. Yeah. You're trying to promote the overall goodness of the show, right? Yeah. I think too, like you were saying, Ron, though, that if anybody wants to read, like, like, when you reach a certain point where your whole life is on the internet, I don't need permission. Like you don't need to ask me permission for anything up. Right. But I don't think because I had a client one time I was going to add one more insult that, decided it would be a good idea to post a cycle. Dusty has me using. Oh, yeah. Whoa. No, Dusty said if you lived in a country where it was legal and had pathetic, you were going to do these things. This is what you would do. This is what Dusty would do if you were in that situation. It would mean, and I was in this legal. I was like, I really call, I immediately reached out. I'm like, you're an idiot. I mean, I wasn't even nice. Yeah. No. Absolutely not. What are you doing? We don't live in England. This is different. Yeah. But yeah, you got to use your head a hair. The coach is really due to time to think there's some sort of ownership. Yeah. You know, I mean, you don't need to write how many clients wins you have in post a big board and a big picture and so I've won five or six two shows because you haven't. You've won none. Anyways, moving out far earlier conversation. What do you guys think of this? What do you guys think of like, I've had people say to me. Like, oh, yeah, I don't have a coach right now. Well, I kind of do, but I don't. And I'm like, what do you mean you kind of do? Well, I signed up with this one guy for six months. So I still own. I'm still paying him for another two months, but like I told him I didn't want to work with many more, but I can't really afford another coach right now because I'm still paying this other guy for another two months. But does he reach an out to you? Then? Well, theoretically. But I'm just giving you the conversation. Yeah, like, yeah, I want to get a new coach, but I can't write now because I'm still paying this other guy. Like, what do you mean? Like, while I sign up for six months. Oh. But what do you mean? Like, like, he's got you know, like, a contract like a gym? Yeah. How does that work? I don't know. I think that's just ridiculous. I love them, dude. Fire him. Just message him and go, I'm not going to work with you anymore. And he goes, okay, cool. And he turned your payment off. That's all I should be. Yeah. You know, I had a guy when I was in a coma that had to go to another coach that part of the deal. While I was in a coma knowing I hopefully wasn't going to die, was for him to take it over. He had to sign a one year with him. Oh, wow. Yeah. Like, what do you mean? Sign a one year. Just tell that person to shove it together. There's a funny as part because yeah, there's, there's, for those watching, there's there's no repercussion. You just go, yeah, no. And you're talking to the lead credit card company and you tell them don't allow them to take any more money. Yeah. Simple. Yeah. Yeah. Like, if you're a good coach, you shouldn't need to trap people with a contract. Do they? Chris Ascido has people signing a shit? No. Yeah. God, no. Like, come on. Actually, like, in, I think my question here that's part of it is this is month to month for everyone. And what he ups the contract is when you pay again. That's it. And if you stop, it's fine. I mean, literally said it because my whole thing is this every month, I'm earning the right to train you again. And if I don't earn it, we're done. Or if you don't want to anymore or you run on a month, it doesn't matter. I don't want a client who doesn't want to be with me either. Like, yeah, like if you stop checking in, like there's people where like they stop checking in and I reach out to them. And I hear, oh, sorry, sorry. I don't get right back to you. And then like another month goes by and I reach out to them again. I'm like, hey, I've given you a check to me forever. Like, guys, I'm really busy. I get to again. There comes a point where I'll just turn their payment off. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Like, I've turned, I turned to guy off the other day because he didn't respond to me for a little while. So it's turned his payment off. And then he got back and then all of a sudden he message me because he doesn't got the email. Yeah. And then he message me, he's like, oh, I'm so sorry, man. I'm going to get you set a photo here right away. Oh, my god. Man, I just didn't want to keep taking your money. Right. You'll worry the way. He's like, I'm almost done building my house. You know, blah, blah, blah, blah. I'll reach out to you again right away. I'm still training. I was like, okay. Yeah. But like, shouldn't. No, I don't know. I don't want to take people's money if they're not. They're not actually getting a service, you know. Yeah. That side I did have one guy who paid me for a month. And I spent all the time writing out his diet. Yeah. Put everything together for him. And then for training, I said, all right, I want you to, you know, start doing what you've been doing. But send me videos and let's talk about your training. Never got back to me, never checked in once. And it was through PayPal. And then I got to dispute. He wanted his money back like three months later. Never heard back from him. I gave him his money back. But he was one of the, what's that? I've done that. But if you do it against, because I did the work, when that dispute, I'll tell you, it sounded to be PayPal that it was done. Yeah. I was telling you. I once in 14 years, I happened one time. Yeah. And in fairness, I reached out to the lady, told her, and something had went on. And she said, dispute it. But I'm going to need a new PayPal. So it wasn't even her fault. But something weird happened with her account. And I guess they locked out everything. And I was one of the ones who's automated, disputed. So I think that I reached out because I was pissed when I saw it. I was like, what the hell? Yeah, I called the guy. And of course he did. I called him right away. He didn't answer. And he was one of the few people that I thought about posting his picture without his permission. Because I was angry. I was going to post it and be like, hey, I can't remember his name was. I could have remembered his name was. But if it was, I was going to say it and say, hey, coach is look out for this guy. You know? That I did. Here's the bench for you. Yeah. How much money have people not paid you? Too much. I'd probably be rich by now. Seriously. Seriously. I'm terrible at that. Really. Yeah. It's been a lot. And that's it's some of it's your own. I mean, they're always my fault. Yeah. Because I let it slide. Or you'll let it accumulate. And the thing is, is like when you're in a prep. And they're, it's going well and they come on a hard time like there's that part of me that I'm also like in the trenches with them. Yeah. And I'm like, I do like. Please don't screw me. And we do the work and it goes well. And 99% of the time they pay. So, you know, there's just that occasional. But I think it's important to understand just like lowening money. When you're lowening money assuming not getting it back. That way it's not a terrible thing when you don't. Yeah. So you got to do that. Like as a coach, if you make that decision, understand you're making a decision that will probably or could possibly cost you the time and you won't get the money. Not the end of the world if you'll good about it. Yeah. I had a weird one once I helped this guy. I remember it was a 16 week prep. He looked really good. He had stridey glutes. He got second out of like 10 guys. He's a light heavyweight. I remember it. And then he, uh, sorry. As a Jeff Smith, the kidding. Yeah. Yeah. So I looked at Jeff Smith. Um, no. And then he, uh, he message me after this show. And he's like, uh, he goes, hey, uh, can you, you know, since my shows over, can you turn my payment off? And I go, yeah, I have no problem. Like, you know, he's like, I just can't, you know, I can't do like an offseason or anything right now. I got to like, and I'm like, yeah, no problem. So I said, yeah, I turned your payment off. No problem. And I go, you know, just, you know, don't blow up. Watch me, you know, take, you know, and I said, I'm going to send you this, you know, a little kind of thing you can follow. And, uh, and I did. And then he message me again. He's like, hey, um, I was wondering if I could get a little bit of a refund. And I go, look, for what? And he goes, well, my, my payment came out three weeks before my show. So I actually paid for an extra week after that I don't need. And I'm like, yeah, but you pay by the month. Yeah, it's like, you can keep going. You can keep going after the show and stuff like that. I even gave you a rebound plan. Yeah. On like the Monday, which is technically like two days after your show. So that was only five days left that I'm not helping you. Like, when you're going to, every day's written that month because you're going to do the math and you're going to divide. Yeah, yeah, okay. You want to, okay. We'll break only calculator. 23 to the right. How many first. Like, you want me to refund you like 25% of a month because your show was three weeks into the month. Like, come on now. Like just, yeah, weird, weird stuff. Yeah. All right, I'm leaving. Learn. How about this one, guys? He says also from Patreon. What things were challenging to you when you were north of 300 pounds? So we talked about this before, but I'm looking for like one specific. Things like cutting toenails, dealing with your hair, trying to tie shoelaces, trying to put on a jacket. I remember trying to put on a seatbelt. I wasn't even 300. No wear near 300 pounds and it was very uncomfortable. Just to go over there like that. I remember doing that same form was that difficult. You just, you're on bottom. That's it. That easy. The ones you can slods are so huge when you're 320 plus your quad just so huge. And and and chicks try to ride you, but their knees don't touch the bed. So they're unlike a, you're your quad just so huge that they can't like even, you know, like, got some people nodding currently that are listening this episode right now. Any woman who's both the biggest vibe was like, yeah, yeah, kind of changes the game. You have to go froggy girls froggy. Oh, yeah. Yeah. What all those jokes girls, girls of squaddle day and then 10 seconds into riding. They like, oh my knees. Oh, my knees. You did just three times a week. What do you mean your knees? Come on. And second up. Oh, very, very true. Oh, man. That's good stuff. I think we answered that. I think we answered that. Yeah, you just covered that. It's a group and this stuff. All right. What's an ideal body fat for a natural guy for growing. He says, should you be like 8 to 12% body fat anywhere else in between that? Thanks and love the show. Ah, you know, I don't see like, I know I got a little fat or then I probably needed to, you know, like a dozen times or so. But I don't think like, does any wrong with that 10 to 12%? I mean, you're still pretty lean at 10 to 12%. I would even say up to like 14 is acceptable for like a big due off season. But again, like, what do these numbers mean? Are we talking Dexis scans or, you know, calipers? Right. So it's it's hard to say. But yeah, I mean, like a big due drop in 50 pounds for a show is not that out of, you know, it's not that crazy. You know, 40 pounds a little bit better, maybe. But, you know, there's room for. I think I think that you kind of nail that which is, I used to always, if I was going to put a number on it. It'd be 14, but if I was really going to put something on it would be, if your body fat is high enough that it's negatively impacting your training, it's too high. Yeah. And that takes place if if options become an issue because you're too fat. If your lower back is tightening up all the time because you're too heavy, those are the factors I look at more than anything. But I do think that because of social media, guys are trying to stay too lean and grow, especially if you're natural and or you don't want to abuse the hell out of drugs. Because that is a missing length that doesn't get talked about right now. Guys are, I got a guy down the road that's 8% by fat and he's growing and I'm like, I want to see his blood work. Yeah. Because there is a reason if you go back to the 90s and 2000s and if you ever been to the bodybuilding show and you saw Ronnie Coleman roll in at 330, he wasn't lean. Jay Cutler, go on line for those of you who don't know what type of look at that era at the Pittsburgh pro or you know when the guys would come in and guess post. They're soft because that's how you get big. You know, and I think that that is a magic particular is a natural because you don't have something to enhance you beyond food and training. So you're going to need to grow up. Yep. I'll see you dug up, pull up a picture of Ronnie gas posing. Yeah, buddy, here we go. Here we go. Let's see here. Here you go from Pittsburgh pro. She's like I've seen it before boom. Yeah, there's a big Ronnie for you. And then these guys would say, oh, that's way too. You don't need to get that fat. It's seen the work out okay for him. Yeah, you got relatively lean. Come October every year. Look at this. You could still see his abs in this one. He's not looking too rough. He's in great shape. You know what I mean? He's not looking too rough there. No, I'm not looking for a top here. That's a that's blown out. That's like I guarantee you that's after a show or you know, yeah, he's tied his head there. That's. But he looks pretty just like full blow in there too. Oh, yeah, he's got like five meals in him. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's all life was full blown for about two decades. I have a friend at Brock Ronnie up a bunch of times for guest appearances. Yeah. It's not like I'm a man with status house. And he would just say he's like, man, like, I just became like a joke. How many stakes could Ronnie eat? How much people would just hear? Like he said he would just feed him like he would almost be a joke. Like he tried to stalk his fridge with so many stakes and so much food that Ronnie couldn't eat it. And Ronnie we need it. And it just proves that he could. Yeah, just became this just incredible event whenever Ronnie came to state his house is like, oh, man, get the barbecue tanks ready to go. There we go. Yeah. So he said he'd eat like two 12 ounce stakes at a meal like no problem. Just no kidding. Every meal. He'd eat two 12 ounce stakes. All his all his carbs just shoveling food, not win a single thing. Nothing getting weighed like just eat eat eat. Yeah, buddy. Yeah, buddy. All right. Two more real quick. Jim Mcdonald also from Patreon. He says, um, is there anything worse than when you've worked so hard and you were so disciplined that you earn a cheat meal and then the meal that you choose ends up sucking? Very few things on the entire world that are worse. Yeah, including wars, death. I mean, I say the only worse would be like a sick puppy other than that. Nothing. It's funny. This is pretty bad. Fast food to me. Fast food is one of the other every time. And there's like a little gamble on it. You know, so everyone's in a while. I'm like, you know what? I think I'm going to get a burger at a drive through. I don't do it very often at all. And sometimes you get it and you're like, oh, so delicious. You know, and then other times you get it and you're halfway through it and you're like, this was a terrible idea. And what you're grating your life. I should have gone to like, you know, I should have gone to that normal draw that pickup spot and got some teriyaki beef and rice. Why the hell did I do this? Like, and it's just not nearly as good as you were hoping. So yeah, it's that little risk. I did a, Ron, you'll love this. But I had like a flashback conversation about Burger King back in the day. And it used to be like phenomenal. And then I went back years later and it was garbage. I mean, I really did garbage. Yeah. And so we're going to have. But I got this like, wow, the hair that I was going to go to Burger King. So I went to the one down the road here and it was closed. And the worst part was I go to the size is, sorry, we're closed. No D. I was like, you're running out of ink. Close. So now I'm irritated. Still has like whatever next. And stubborn. I tell Nikki, I go back. It's closed again. I'm like, uh, bird, bird must still suck. Yeah. So finally, I'm going to Burger King and Taylor goes, there's one on Pelham. Go to that one. Oh. So I go to that one. I bring it home. And it was everything I remembered from years ago. It was worth the struggle I went through. Really? I literally took a bite of a wap or I was like, I don't know if it was the struggle that made it so good. Or if it was actually that good. But it was. So anybody who's listening, again, if you're a Burger King sucks, that's on you. But the one on Pelham, the one with the homeless lady in the front, that one's good. I've been there once. I know this. You know what I have in Burger King in years. You're like, I'm talking to years. And I love them. Were their French toastings. Those things are really good. Oh, for God. They've got to be good. Yeah. They got a nice, like, McFlurry generic thing there. There's only two flavors. But Taylor accompanied me on this trip to the Palo one. And she got one. And I was like, oh, that thing fox for sure. It was amazing looking. So for those who are there picking up their water that they might be disappointed in, you'll be fine with the dessert. Yes. I still haven't gone to Chick-fil-A, by the way. I haven't had the opportunity. But I'm not going to let the line detour me when that opportunity does. There are efficient and get the cookies. Remember the cookies. Oh, yeah. Oh, I'm getting the house. Somebody mentioned that Costco cookies are real good. I'll probably be trying those sooner than the Chick-fil-A sandwich. We're there. There more. I'm going to mix them. Yeah. By the way, the book you're travel through Costco for anybody who's watching this show. Yeah. Yeah. So you know, we do the Dominican deal. So we decided to go back. And we're like, oh, let's do the same thing. It was awesome. Okay. And Nikki tells her, uh, PT this. She's like, oh, yeah. We're going to go back to the Dominican. She goes, oh, did you book yet? And she said, no. But we just looked it up. And it's going to be just under eight grand for the week. Everything flights the whole thing. I'll book it through Costco. It's a quiet way cheaper. $5,600. Really? Everything for the same deal. I was like, they felt free all of a sudden. So kind. Thank you, grand. Literally saved just by ordering it through them. Wow. Yeah. So there you go. Everybody in Costco, you're welcome. You owe me again. I heard there's something. There's something gold now. What was under eight thousand. You can buy gold from Costco, too. Well, you could do that if you're not smart enough to buy Bitcoin. Um, you don't, you don't, you don't want to see it all in Bitcoin. You don't, I mean, you, it's for the, uh, the money that you want to keep. The money that you want to keep. You know, you know, I'm not going all in. Heads that US dollar. Heads that US dollar. Hundreds of weeks for years. That's the magic. Yeah. Okay. All right. We. We do have more, but we could, I think this is a good place that we can. We can't make Donald's in travel. It's perfect. Really working. I'm, I might have some KFC today because it was talk. Oh. I've been driving. I was impressed when he went. Yeah. Saw that. So I changed. First time in 50 years. You never had to see us. Really. Yeah. I like those tenders. So it's like original recipe tenders. Those are amazing. So I'm going to get the hot sauce. Get the hot sauce. Trust me. It's good to put the right on them. Yes. I'll think of it. It's not white. It's red. No, no, I know. But how hot. You know, is it like, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. No, it's not like Canadian cold. It's a mild thing. Okay. We did get multiple comments like this one. Run. Subway. Isn't that a sandwich? Run, say, eight subway every day for a lock. All these other things. Let's nobody put on it. Chicken. It's red. Is there anything else that was on your sandwich? It was a good blood. Cheese. Yeah. The hatred of sandwiches is in like letting other people decide what's on it. Like, I'm wondering, a sandwich at a restaurant. Like, I'll just get like, people just go, uh, give me the club. And then they just keep talking. Yeah. And I'm like, no, no, don't you have questions. So you want to know exactly what's on it? Like, what's on that club? Yeah. Look, yeah, that's a good club. I don't know what they put on it. See, some people thought maybe you burnt yourself out for me. No, no. I didn't have somebody for a while. Yeah, I had to go a little break. There was a whole debate in the comments on YouTube. It went sideways. Run in a lot of sandwiches. It turns out he's been lying to us for all these years. Oh, no. He was holding the sandwich is for himself. He burned myself out. Yeah. Okay. Well, because they gave money this year to get Ron a new internet. We think we need to be the internet. It's been awful. It's been awful. The whole show. It's been awful. My image is awful. It's awful. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. I look at it. It looks like I'm watching TV in a 90s or the 80s. You could have sent a little message. I thought it was all right. Well, they cleared up. And then, so I was going to. I was going to say, like, hey, let's reconnect. But then it cleared up. And then it, but then it went back to awful again. I was going to awful myself because I was like, you know what? This is my moment to be better looking than Ron. You're on the shine. Yeah. That's it. It's coming back. It goes my moments already ending. Looks fine to me. It's looking better. It's looking better. It's OK. Yes. OK. Well, remember like share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. I'll even hit it. Jeez. There you go. Remember I'm using dot com dusty 20 big Ron 20. Get your ice to search, get your all in and everyone get on the gear. Patreon. Big, big body building. Thank you guys. Super producer, home. Thanks for everything. Thanks for your questions. Patreon questions. YouTube questions. I'm going to go on the YouTube today and I comment a little bit more and you know answer some of the stuff that's on there because that branch got got the branch video got quite a bit of comments on it. So I'll look at that one today. OK, guys. Look forward to the next one. What's the deal? You're going to be traveling or something coming up here? What's going on? Yeah. So, I've got, yeah. I've got it on Sunday. I'll leave for Europe again. So I'm going to England for a couple days. Shooting an episode of Newton on a mission at the shed with always nice. And he's going to be five days out because he's leaving the next day for Detroit. So, so he's actually going to, he's like, no, no, we'll do the episode because I got a train. Why not? Yeah. So we're going to do the episode. J.P. said he's going to stop buying do like a bit with me or something like that. Like he's going to be in it. I'm not going to train. I don't think. And then flying to Frankfurt and I've got a gym lined up there. And then I've got a German gym owned by David Hoffman. Anyone knows David Hoffman from Germany. He's a pro. Yeah. People remember him from the Universal ads. He was like in those old Universal ads. And 20 that in the day. Yeah. David Hoffman's got a gym now in coblins. So I'm going to go there and train with David and, and then film an episode of Newton on a mission. And then head up to Cologne for the weekend. All right. So, so, is does that mean? How long are we off then? Well, I'm gone Sunday to the following Monday night. Okay. So we could do a Monday. I'll bring in a, uh, a side guest here. Okay. We'll just say a side guest. I can't say that anymore. No. No. It's been shown. Yeah. We'll bring it in. Yeah. That sounds good. We'll figure something out then. So we'll be here Monday without Ron. And then we'll figure something out for the next week. If you're free, maybe a live or something, the following week or something like that. Oh, so you guys are both going to be back for that. Okay. Okay. I want to see what I was doing. I was letting the people know I had to do. I don't know. Yeah. Okay. Sounds good, guys. Remember everybody is just bodybuilding.