So he described a 45 pound bar off the squat rack and just threw it through the wall. Oh my gosh! We got an Atlantis plate loaded shoulder press. Okay. Nice. Nice. So no. Go get a bone. But that's because we're selling a few things and we just haven't managed to sell them yet. So we don't have like lots of room right now. Really? No. I could have worse problems. Yeah, right now. Right now our problem is we have too many cool pieces of equipment. We're not going for everything. Okay. There we go. So I'm feeling good about just me as a person. I was talking about, I, you know, just the industry we in, we, you know, get a lot of like, you know, a lot of things through our Instagram. True. You know what I mean? Right. And you know, hey, maybe I click half of it. Take a closer look. Maybe I don't. I'm just saying. But I've looked at so many, you know, other like podcast shows and, like clips and guitar porn and self improvement accounts and also like those screen actors, accounts. I sent you guys with those great clips. Oh, yeah. Yes. And I've been watching so much of that stuff that I'm getting a little bit less, you know, less, overloaded my, I think if it's probably good for my brain is what I'm trying to say. Look at my search page. Probably good for my brain. Yeah. My cycles. Just go to cycles. Wow. There's, there's a hockey fight in the bottom corner and motorcycles. And if I scroll down, I got to get to like the second scroll before I get titties. So that's pretty cool. I'm a, I'm a good person. I guess they're better than I used to be at least. That's what this is. I have to go way down to get to her and her. Yeah. So like, I got, like, still. Yeah. How are you guys doing? I got, like, there's Eddie Van Hale and this kiss. There's Jay Cutler. I got guitars. You know, there's like a meme with a girl, but it's not the girl. It's just the meme. You know, Donald, I'm like a normal Donald kick. Yeah. You know, look at us. Look at us. It's God's not showing his. God's not showing his. Yeah. You guys are on Instagram a lot more than me. Like, I am not. And that's why you, like you'll send messages and like, I don't see him for, I'll get there and I'll see it. Like, you know, after it's been like three days. But for me, it's YouTube. Like, my YouTube feed is all the guns. Just all the fun. All the guns. All of them. Yeah. All the guns. I got two against cigars and not guns. I don't understand. Oh, they're definitely against guns. Two. In fact, we're probably demonetized because we mentioned cigars and guns in the same sentence. They don't, they don't like the cigars. They just got to ride already. They can have a cigar and gun bot. That's all it looks like. It's a ghost and gun. Our show didn't even make it up when we tried to set up a YouTube. But moment we posted it or we went to posted it wouldn't let us. What? Yeah. Like, the guy, he called me and he was like, I got to do this and this. I mean, it went up and then our entire page was like disabled. Okay. You might have to deal with an 18 or over thing, maybe, because it's tobacco related, I wonder. I don't know. That's the ATF, the alcohol tobacco and firearms department. That's use on us. The ATF is watching you guys down there. We had a recocase last week with, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's ongoing. That's ongoing recocase. We were ongoing recocase because of our past transgressions. Yeah. We got it. We like share, subscribe, comment. And bring the bell. There you go. There you go. There you go. Yeah, we appreciate all the support. Once again, remember mutant. I am mutant.com. Go on. I am mutant.com if you're in North America and use a code, dusty 20 or big run 20. Doesn't matter what country you're in. You can use a code in North America. 20% off. You get a deal. We get a little gold star. You know what's out. It all works out. And then of course, remember to, you know, support the think big channel. Scott does a lot of work producing. He's actually hired some staff now. Yeah. But there it think big. We got news. He's got actual staff. I'm not sure if we want to out them. Rachel. Rachel. Shout out to Rachel. I heard she's a Rachel. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Thank you. Rachel. I noticed she, she was like, you know, I figured that was her doing the editing when I saw the one post on Instagram. Yeah. Well, we're doing it. We shift gears. So initially, we were doing the Instagram Reels, right? And then all of this started happening. And I thought to myself, you know what a better use of time would be is actually working on the platform itself, right? If you can release more YouTube videos. Instead of us having to labor over this entire podcast, what if we were to pull like the best clip from a Jordan Peters episode or a last clip from Jake Kotler? So, you know, some of our listeners, they haven't had a chance to even watch some of those. Like, they weren't with us back then. So we're revisiting some of those. And it's allowing us to get more content out, which the algorithm loves that, the more you post, the more they reward you. And the more you become addicted to the dopamine surges that it provides. So my day is scheduled around multiple dopamine appointments. So, so yeah, yeah, everybody who is stepping up to for Patreon, because that does help a heck of a lot. Thank you. Yeah, I was just going to say the Patreon helps a lot with, you know, getting it all done final product. Yes. So we got a quick hour Q&A here, gentlemen. Zoom. We're going to hammer. And the reason we're doing things a little unorthodox this week, we're doing our Q&A first. And then we're going to do our interview episode. We normally kind of flip that. Yeah, but you guys wouldn't even know that because you'll see this on Saturday. Yeah. Yeah. We can't be very, come all until, you know, the Saturday. You get its priority. Yeah. So it's going to come out opposite. So come all hasn't happened yet in our world, but in your world, you've already watched him. And he just messaged me back. He's good. I wanted to double check. You know, that's the producer thing to do. He's good to go. So we were okay. Okay. We got 34 minutes of Q&A. No, 20, 26 minutes of Q&A. He's on it for 30. You know, okay. We got an hour. We got an hour. We got an hour almost. It's still going to be a bit less in the way. If Dusty brings up anything about pizza without forks or shoelace, you know, locker room situations, you're going to, you're going to need that hour run. You're going to need that hour run. You're going to remember focus on the world's use. Very important. Yes. Yes. Okay. Okay. Let's do some YouTube questions for the people. All right. The people. There were number one. There were so many Jim stories of accidents that people had. Like I mean major ones. And and minor ones as well. But like we triggered something in everybody. I did want to bring this one up just because it was worth mentioning. Christopher Davis says that I was squatting four and a half plates on a Smith machine. A couple weeks ago, when suddenly the cable snapped. And one of the metal beams came loose. The machine started rocking. So I had to bail out and let the weight drop. I wasn't injured at all. But obviously a bit shaken up thinking that it was going to fall back with the whole machine ever since then I've had been hesitant to use a Smith again. And I wanted to ask you guys, have you ever seen a Smith machine fall over? Because I feel like that would basically be like a car crash. I've never seen a Smith fall over, but I've seen. The one of the rails pop out before. Which can jam up the like the bar can get jammed. You know, because the rails are farther apart than they're supposed to be. So then there's like a you know, and the person doesn't always realize what's happened. So it can be very like, you know, dangerous. But I've seen Smith come apart. But I've never seen them tip over. I saw a camera who was but some one of my friends I follow was was doing Smith squats in a gym. I don't think was his home gym. And it wasn't secured to the ground in the entire machine move during his rep. Oh, my God. And it was for the forward. Yeah. So he pushed back and it fell because it was now behind him. Somehow didn't get injured. But it's like that kind of stuff drives me crazy with like. I understand equipment moves, right? I mean, Ron, you guys move stuff. Some equipment you can. It cannot. I think a piece like that is like it. You got to figure out a way to make sure it's not going to move. I mean, that's pretty. Yeah. Smith Smith should be bolted down. Both of ours are bolted because you just don't want that moving on somebody. And. But another thing to is people do really dumb shit on Smith machines. Oh, all the time. Oh, yeah. Like like. I'm not even that big of a fan of the feet forward squat because you're actually kind of really driving into the rails. Right. You know, and. And the, you know, that's not necessarily like you can like you're, I think it's like your way better off to use a hacksquad at that point if that's what you're trying to do. Sure. And you know, same as like guys who do way too heavy on the military press. And their elbows are actually behind them. So they're, they're, they're really driving into the rails with their pecs until the rep gets halfway out. Oh, yeah. She's there. You know what I mean? Like they're elbows go back and they're really pressing into the rails. And I mean, that's, that's just not what they're for. I mean, you're not doing yourself any favors doing that. You're actually like, that's like the awkward way to do it. You know, you know, you're under it and press straight up, you know, but people want to go so heavy on Smith. Everybody do like three, four plate shoulder presses and their elbows are behind them. So they're really packed into it. So yeah. Okay. That was just a quick little one. And then we had one from Jim McDonnelly. He brought us a good one last time. He, he's patriying by the way. Thank you. And he gave us a, like a whole slew of good overunders that we, we used one day. Oh, damn. So he's back. And he says question for the next podcast. He has his own podcast, by the way. They do like text stuff like nerdy computer stuff. Oh, okay. Cool. And all that. He says question for the next podcast, which person is the biggest tool? The person who records every one of their sets and walks around the gym with their tripod. That's number one. Number two, people who start dancing in the gym, like turn a nightclub, three, newbie doing bodybuilding poses in the gym mirrors, have some shame people for the person who thinks they can take multiple machines for super setting leaves a machine vacant for several minutes, then tries to kick somebody off. I have two more sets, bro, or five people who take a big, stinky dump in the men's locker room. These guys are all these people are there. I do know that. Yeah, they're all there. So which ones of biggest tool? I'm not a fan of anyone who giant sets in a big gym. I think that's unrealistic for you to expect to take up three four machines on a Monday night at a busy gym. I think that's a lot of for you to expect. Yeah, right. Also, people who if you're going to do a drop set on a chest fly. You're not using a machine with a pin. Use a machine with a pin. That's that's literally the most if that the best way to solve that problem. It's not to grab four sets of dumbbells on a busy night and hog four sets or five sets of dumbbells for your drop set. That's not. It's just not like cool gym etiquette. So yeah, the sort of hoarding machines and equipment, I think, is a problem. I wouldn't use a word tool though. I don't really like to call people tools. There's tool behavior, but, you know, sometimes people just don't realize. And then, you know, I'd say that's a close, close competition with the, see, the quote here is people who record every one of their sets. Yeah, so that to me is that's ridiculous. It's different things. It's different things. Yeah, it's different. Then just setting up for like your one set of hacks at day and then you're taking your phone down and you don't even use it rest of the workout. That's a totally different type of behavior. But the recording everything and having to document like, you know, if I see someone filming their leg workout with their body, I'm like, oh yeah. If then if I see them the very next day filming or five days later filming another leg workout every single set, I'm like, what'd you do with the first one? I even see it. I don't know. I can't believe that. This is, this is dog going on your stories like you're putting every single leg workout up. I don't know. Anyways, that's my thing. I just like the time you put into this. Yeah. He's a podcaster. So you know, I can't really back those. So my knee jerk is I want to pick on the dancing person. But here's why I can't. The generalized lack of give up in a person like that is very impressive to me. Frank. Yes. Yes. The fact that you don't like, and I understand there's some people who do it for attention, but I've seen people that just don't like, you know, they're in their little zone and I'm like, yeah, I got to tip my hat to you. You don't care, and that's impressive. So I want to say that person, but I can't. So yeah, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to honorable mention you on the Super setting because there's a few ladies at the gym I used to go to that would go up and grab all of the like, tens to 20s like four women. They were all training together. Yeah. But they would all do the same movement at the same time. So no one was body one, but they had all the weight. Right. Yeah. Like all four sets of 15 pound dumbbells. Yeah. And you're like, you guys aren't, I mean, you're actually all training alone together. Yeah. Yeah. And then they would all go, okay. Now it's going. And then they would all lean back and do their flies whatever new just like, they're taking up four benches. Yeah. Four benches. Four sets of the dumbbells around the same size. And I'm just like, wow. Okay. So I mean, wow. Good for you. I guess for being completely oblivious to other people exist. Yeah. I have to touch on one thing. I have to touch on the dancing thing that you said you, you give them credit. I am. I can never pick on them because I know for a fact. The air guitar. The air guitar. Yeah. You remember when we were trying to do by and I said that to you. He said there. Yeah. We're like between sets. I look at Ron. He's got his headsets in. And I'm mouth something. He's like, how do you take this out? We're songing playing. He was, what? We're songing playing. He goes, what do you go on your erg guitar? Oh, God. I didn't even realize I was doing it. That's great. I just had a little chug going. Yeah. I had a little chug. A little palm you'd going on my hip. Yeah. You know, he didn't mention I did a thing one time. And I caught myself doing it. And it was okay because I was the only person in the gym. My buddy, a client too, my toler. He has like a little, it used to be any time fitness. He changed it. He made it independent now. But it's a little key fob gym. And it was Christmas day. This is five years ago or so. I went through a breakup. And it was Christmas day. And I was going to my parents house. And I wanted to get a workout in first. And it was chest. And I'm going to tell you it was the absolute, like best workout I had had all year. And I think I felt like a little bit of like that little bit of self-hate, you know, little anger, little, little being upset. Love that. And I had like rage on something like that. I can't remember what I think it was rage against the machine. And I was the guy who was kind of like, nobody else in the gym mind you. Maybe that's what I thought comfortable enough. I was kind of like pacing between sets and looking at the floor and kind of like maybe like costing out loud, just just under my breath a little bit. You know what I mean? Like the whole time and I was like maybe a little hyperventilating. You know, right, right, right, right. If you look at it, yeah, yeah, just a little. The music was contributing. You were almost dancing. You were almost a ritualistic tribal display. Yeah, right, right, like that's what I mean. The dancing is technically sort of the same. Yeah, the brain is the air guitar. So I can't make one of them. It's just this coming out differently. Yeah. There's the guy to who sings to the headphones. There's that guy. Yeah. So the odd time there's a guy at our gym and he sings a lot. And he'll be at the water fountain just wrapping away. Okay. Yeah. Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, just out loud. It can't hear yourself. So you're kind of like a deaf person. Yeah, and then if my music is like one of my headphones is out on my Come on. Yeah, that's like how that wraps to himself again. Yeah. So on this note, because there were so many you guys had so many good comments. There was one more I wanted to address. Funny gym stories. You said I've never seen a friend of mine. Wait, worst, but funny gym story I've ever seen. Friend of mine, a competitive bodybuilder. Oh, no, wait. This is a different guy. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh. I had to get rid of it. Yeah. I couldn't let you get no credit, sir. I'll bring that back. I'll bring that back. I'll bring that back. I'll bring that back. I'll bring that one back. But this was just because this was so impressive. He said, weird guy at the gym story. Me and my buddy were heading to the little locker room to get our stuff in leave. We saw a kid walking in. We both had to do a double take to make sure we saw it correctly. The kid brought a katana into the gym. When we were leaving, he was on a machine on a lake press. Still with the katana. So he just carrying like a sheathed katana around and casing needs it. I don't know. I asked if he had a pizza or say I purple headband. Oh, my god. That's what I said. Did you have it like a shell on his back or anything? Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was not a hotel. Oh. Is that right? That's 20. That's something like, like, you know, I can imagine seeing that in the gym as an owner. You know, I have some questions. Yeah. I would know. There's some objections actually walking. Yeah, it's good. You're, you maybe put your, your Santa Marais sword in the locker or maybe I can hold it in the office for you. Yeah, that's a good idea. Yeah. I do something to try to help them out. All right. Because I brought it up. I got to bring this one back. Sorry Steve. Sorry Steve. He's back. Competitive bodybuilder friend broke both forearms into construction accident. First day back in the gym. He says I'm going to make my comeback. And a guy who's known to be a wise guy comes up and says, You never were there to begin with. Yeah. And ends up getting throw in through the sheet, Watt Rock wall until it was repaired. You could see the spot where he went through. So for like a waker dude, It's like a whole, the shoggy rock. It's so that led to a thing I wanted to ask you guys because you've been in the gym for obviously decades now. What was your best gym fight story that you witnessed? Because everybody's got one. So I got to tell the funny sheet rock story first. Okay. Oh, there we go. Good. This was the gym back in, this would been back in Grand Paris and probably like, 1993 maybe. I would have been like grade 12. And the gym got like a new manager or something. And you know, the new manager comes in and he's like, Oh, you know, we got to make it more marketable. Right. And he's so he gets this bright idea to build. I just a dry wall like just like an eight foot wall. Right in the middle of the dumbbell rack. Past the 80 pound dumbbells. So like the dumbbells are going to go to 80, then there's going to be a wall. Then you go around the eight foot wall and the dumbbells will start at like 85 and go up to 130 or whatever we had. Because he thought, well, the big guys are intimidating. So we'll build a wall. And the big guys can train on the other side of the wall with the heavy dumbbells. I'm not even joking. Enter is like this. Yeah. And there was a squat rack on one side of the wall and a squat rack that was on the other side of the wall. And he would, he was telling all the big guys, he can go squat and that rack. His stuff. Idiot. Like, and I don't even have to go into how square footage works when you insert a wall. It actually, a wall. It actually, a wall. A wall swallows up like way more space than it actually takes up on a blueprint. Right. And you know, just eat into everything. Like everyone was like, what is this wall? And it went up so fast. Like I literally went into gym when day and there's a wall. I'm like, right? So I can't, I don't know who to give credit to. It's one of two guys because it was so long ago. But Corey and Dube. Dube. Like, guys. Corey and Derek. Yeah. Corey, the bracket and Derek, Dube. Those two guys, man. They were like, they were like, cool, this guys. And they were like, a little older than me and they were bodybuilders at the gym. And I can't remember. I think it was Derek, Dube. But one day he went in there and he saw the wall. And he was like, so he just grabbed a 45 pound bar off the squat rack and just threw it through the wall. Oh my gosh. This wall is now done. Yeah, this wall's done. Is there the cameras here? You're just through the wall. Well, I've got to take it down. That's amazing. Yeah, dumbass. You're a man in that dream. You're a man in that dream. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. That's how we thought though. This is a problem. I will fix it. I'm just going to punch a hole in it. And then they're either going to remove it or put it effort into fixing it. And I'll just punch another hole in it again. Right? So it's through a 45 pound bar through it. Get to that out of here. You know, I just could see of like pulling the bar back out, putting back and there's good measures work out. Like, I'm going to finish up legs. Nothing happened here. Nothing happened here. Anyways, I think the statute of limitations on just throwing that wall's pass. So I can mention them. And you know what? Who knows if the story is even completely correct. But that's how I remember it. Yeah, remember him throwing it through that wall and just laughing, like laughing uncontrollably about how like, oh my god, I can't believe that. It's kind of me, him I'm talking about those are the things you see in the gym that you don't see. Like I was asking about fights, but that's just as good. Like those things you don't see. Yeah, yeah. You don't see that like at other things in the world, you know. Yeah. So yeah, good times. Good times. Do you have any wrapped around this idea that I can't remember. Yeah, that I built a wall in the gym. I want to fire him and the person who hired him. Both. Yeah. Yeah. You know what? It's funny. It's been so long since I thought about that. So how I got I got to tell you Scott, I have nothing that can come close to any aspect of that story. Yeah. The wall going up or how it came down. I mean. Wow. This guy was so far ahead of Trump trying to keep me separated. Yeah. Yeah. Build that wall. There was a it was at powerhouse, Novi, which was their World Headquarters. And they were getting there. They've gotten away from the like the body building thing. They're more about the fitness thing and the competing with like lifetime. Stuff like that at World Headquarters. And they had dumbbells that went up to like 130. I think they were. But the dumbbells from 100 to 130. They ended up moving away from the normal dumbbells. They had this like powerlifting area. And it was 60,000 square foot gym by the way. And they had them all the way on the other side of the gym by like the like, like some rope and some random stuff and one bench over there. So you wait like us do your and they moved him there. They weren't always there. But they decided they were going to try that to kind of like, you know, same thing. Build a wall. Just with sheer space. So when I needed those dumbbells, what I would do is I would walk over there and I'd strap up and part of my workout. We'll have to carry on over. You're done. Leave them there. I just put them at the end. You know, after the you know, after the hundred where they're supposed to go. Exactly. Just on the floor right there on the floor right there. Yeah. Your idiocy is just going to make me stronger. Yeah. You can get the car or was. I'm going to get stronger. It's the way I thought. It's got traps. Yeah. They made those dumbbells. Yeah. How come everyone at that gym as huge traps? Well, the owner moved to heavy dumbbells. And they're all really upset about it. Yeah. I got a real bodybuilding question here from iron ore. Your thoughts and mini cuts during the off season. I think it means you got fat and you shouldn't have. Yeah. Some people just can't get away with eating. How other people eat and sometimes they have to do a little. A little three week trim up or something like that. I think it's really interesting now with what we're talking about with insulin sensitivity. And you know, how you can actually, you know, theoretically maybe grow better if you stay between eight and 12%. As opposed to like, going to, you know, 16, 16, 17%. You know, it doesn't necessarily make you grow any better. So, um, and you know, we talked about, you know, all of our different off seasons. And, you know, whether we actually yield it any more muscle by getting a lot heavier or medium heavier. You know what I mean? And, you know, some of my best perhaps are when I didn't get nearly as heavy in the off season. You know, so. There's some definite validity to doing like a mini cut. I, I like to ask people. I like to monitor appetite more than actually how they look, you know. Like if they're having hard time getting their food down or like, oh, man, I'm really fucking like struggling with this food. You know, that's, I think, a good time to do a little, you know, Remind your body to be hungry, you know, die for a couple weeks. I think it's good for you, you know. We never did it, of course, because we were just like, well, diet starts, you know, may 15th on the calendar. I got, you know, because we did one show a year. So it was always just a repeating off season, then die it off season and die it. So, but I think, you know, I think it's definitely a valuable tool for a lot of people. We'll put it that way. Yeah. Not everybody, whatever. It's been a little too many years. It's been a little too many years. I do have clients, I'm kidding, aside that we have to, we have to let them be a little too soft and then bring them down throughout the year. They're just, I got one guy a particular that if I don't let them get a little soft, he doesn't put on any size. Yeah. But then I have to carefully pull it back down and it's just, you know, because the way he carries his fat is in one area. And I'm worried if I let that sit there too long too heavily. Yeah. Yeah. A skin issue later. What are you interested in? What are you interested in? He carries it like between the low, like it's funny, but I'll kind of say it's like female. It's like between the love handles and like down into the glutes. Okay. And it's a whole area. Like everything will be reasonably tight and then they're just bam. You know that word I can't use. Frank, Frank and beans. So, but yeah, that's what it is. It's an up and down, but for the most part, I do think what I said joking and being beginning, which is if you're, if you're not really prone, just make sure you're watched on a time because like you said run a lot of people. I know I was guilty of this when I first was gaining. I got to get heavy and it was the scale. Just like what as long as that scale goes up, I'm bodybuilding. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. Which still isn't actually a bad plan for a certain type of guy like, right? Or I think a young guy, you know, the younger guy or more mesomorphic guy, it, you know. Especially a mesomorphic person, you know, who's got like the body type for it. Like just move that scale man. Yeah. You know, like, but again, not everybody's in that zone. It's pretty lucky. I think I'm about half mesomorph. So, you know, a little bit of that. What's the tall skinny one? That echo. Yeah. We're just skinny. Yeah. So they come like an actor with a tall part, you know. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Got another good one here. Another bodybuilding question. Lots of talk about studies, crisperically, hypertrophy, and lower rep ranges. 5 to 9 being superior than 10 plus. As anything over this range is only causing additional fatigue and no benefit. Do you ever take these studies into consideration and adjust your training or for your clients? Or you stick to what's worked for decades. Really any rep range pushed to failure to keep the gains coming. Seems like the internet and amount of information we have now on training. People are looking for an exact formula instead of just doing the work. Yeah. I don't overthink that stuff. You know, to be honest, because of the Dorian stuff I did, I mean, a vast majority of my stuff was five to ten reps to fail. I would go down to five on certain body parts, like maybe your main work set of chest or dead lifts or something like that or squats. But, you know, everything else would be minimum six reps to ten reps. I get it a lot of that, like a lot. And with my clients due to all the experience since then, I sort of like the six to 12 reb range for most working sets, most straight sets. And I sort of shoot for like a couple of the sixes and then more of the ten's, like sort of when I'm looking at the volume. You remember the heavier weight and the lower the reps kind of the higher the risk. So you have to, any just look at the person to or you know, some guys are built for, you know, some guys are built pretty sturdy. Other people aren't built to sturdy, you know. So there's, there's a lot of little things that go into that, but I mean. Everything we've seen so far that I've seen shows that training really, really hard is the number one factor. And the, the rep range that have all shown high-perchography has been the kind of three to 30 range. As long as you're training hard, you know, the, the, the, the extent of your effort on the sets, you know, that seems to be one of the main factor for high-perchography. You know, I try not to overthink that. Yeah. I think the overthinking stretches into a lot of stuff now. So I take it really simply. If you are, if you're doing, let's just say for numbers, 200 pounds for six currently. And you're doing that same 200 for 12 later, you're probably bigger. Same thing if that number is a hundred for 16 and now it's a hundred for 30. Yeah, I don't really worry about that that much. And I think the thing that drives me crazy about these studies and things is they also bring into account things like Scott and I talked about it over the weekend, which are. Now we're in this, oh, we want to stay in a shortened range of motion and constant tension because that's magic. I would like to use a word I can't use here, but it doesn't. Frank does the math. You know, yeah, it's real loud, kind of, all the once. Like when I think of when I got the greatest changes, it was when, for example, on lats. It was like, when Dante was like, oh, no, no, no, on your, on your ratchons drop all the way down. I want the arms and the lats to fully relax. Yeah, like all the way, then a full pause at that stretch. Then come all the way back up again. And you could literally feel when you dropped into that stretch and really let your lat release even further, a stretch into your armpits, which used to be my armpits. And later became an extension of my lats. It was just a further distance. So I really do think a lot of these studies and things get in the way because I tell my clients all the time, are you feeling that where you're supposed to? Yes, okay, it's fine. Yeah, like we can beat it to death, but if it's on there the whole time when you're done, you can't squeeze it anymore and you're not feeling some other muscle join in. Cool. I guess we're good. I mean, I just think you can really over-abuse these things and numbers and stuff like that. And I also think one thing to add on the rep range is somebody to be said about training the mind. And there is nothing more disgusting than a set of squats or a set of leg press to 50. Yeah, that's not just strength. That's your brain. You want to stop at 30 and there are 20 more in the tank if you're a sadistic enough. And most of you will never know that because the study said to stop at six and that means your six isn't what it could have been either, right? Because you're not crazy enough. The over. I think all this information is good in a way. It's the application that becomes a problem and the trendiness of certain things that become a problem and people changing what they're doing, even though what they're doing was working. So I see guys that have good backs, like good backs and they're changing what they're doing because they're like, oh, I want to isolate more. I do think though that the back is such a complex body part that we shouldn't necessarily be isolating one little muscle. Like it works together. It's a complex. It works together. Like when you do a one arm dumbbell row. It's not just your lap. It's your rhomboids and your traps and all the muscles underneath your shoulder blade and everything pulling and your rear delton, your rotator cuff and it's all coming together because it's a it's a giant compound movement. Like we don't see you don't put a bar on your back and then try to turn your glutes off in a squat. Like you'll fall over your glutes have to fire in a squat. Everything has to fire in a squat for you to stay rigid and straight. You know, so when they when you're doing these one arm pull downs, which I have nothing against one arm pull downs, I do them all time. But when you're doing them and you're trying to turn everything off except your lat. I just don't think that's a that's the best way to get the most out of your train. Officians you know you should do one arm pull downs and your lat should be wound with blood, but there's a lot of other things in your back that should also give us a lot of blood and then too. Like there's a lot going on. You know when you go hard and move some weight and all that stuff. So I just don't think you should you know if if if it's if just your lat has some blood in it and there's nothing else going on anywhere. I'm not necessarily sure that's the best way to train something like back. You're great. Yeah. All right. We had a couple more here. You guys could do something if you could focus on something other than bodybuilding and build a career. What would it be? I mean, I would it's stuff that I kind of am doing already anyways, but like I would love to get in like I definitely enjoy a lot of aspects of real estate. But I think just like bodybuilding, I would actually pigeon my whole little pigeon home myself a little bit because I enjoy it. So I like it's not fitness bodybuilding, right? Like I really love mids country modern houses. I would like to buy them update them. Yeah, that's right because then you get the reward of the money, but also the the joy of I bought it at this did this to it made it awesome and sold it for that. So I get all of those pieces like I could see getting it out for sure. Hmm, that would be fun. Yeah. Yeah, that's cool. I don't know. I think like, you know, it's hard to say now, but you know, I do love. I have some friends that are in the rock and roll business, you know, like one of my good friends is like buddies with, you know, producers that have made all the biggest albums in history. And, you know, there's a lot of room in that industry for someone that loves the business and loves music, you know, there's all sorts of, you know, from owning, you know, music stores to be an involved in recording studios and being around those bands and the, you know, learning the tech side and there's all sorts of stuff. I don't know. I think it might be cool to be in the music industry back in the day, you know, I don't know how it is now, but, you know, it would have been, you know, some cool stuff, you know, lots of guys that never like played in bands or anything, they're just did this love plan music and love music. Some of those are the best guys producer wise, you know what I mean? Yeah, that'd be cool. So, you know, involved somehow, maybe an agent for the bands, the bands get a deal, you know, taking care of them? No, no, no brown M&Ms. Yeah, we do ride it. You know, here's a good one. Everybody loved the posing stuff about hamstrings and somebody mentioned they were like at 49 minutes, 53 seconds, tell me everybody wasn't flexing their hamstring at that moment. And I was like, I was sitting at my desk doing it. Oh, you guys are talking. Damon Damon says, educating and entertaining, if you guys want, I would love to hear more posing tips. I have learned so much about displaying leg development in the past few episodes, and I'd really like to hear more if possible. By the way, death and black metal is all I listen to, Ron should give it more consideration. I work with him. In fact, I think he has like a big pentagram tattoo. He's like, our age. I think he's got a big little baby tattoo. I'll have to check him. I'm like this 29. Yeah, yeah, he's like, yeah, 27. Like our age. Yeah, cool. Yes. Well, I'm glad the people need help with leg posing. That's something that people need help with. So I'm glad they found a little bit of a little bit of a lesson in there. You know, yeah. What's the next thing people have problems with? What do they have back? Like back as a tough one, isn't it? It's so hard for me to explain the simplicity of opening a back. I got nothing harder than when people first start. Go ahead. I got one. When you're doing it back double by a set, yeah. You shouldn't be able to see your fingers wiggle in your peripheral vision. Your hands should be behind you. You rotate back. So your fingers, you shouldn't be able to see your fingers. You know what I mean? So I see guys like this, but their lats aren't really out and they lose a visette peak from behind. You got to roll it back. Yeah. So that's a good one. You just like rotate, you know, just rotate the arms back farther and crank it back. You fill the whole back lock up and it looks like it gets wider. It's like a really good vision. But I use that as a rule. If you can see your fingers wiggling in your peripheral vision, your hands aren't back far enough. Right. Yeah. He does. He has like a big pentagram on his back. So that's that adds up now. Yeah. How about this one? This is something I think I tell a lot of the newer guys in it's that you see them hit like a front double by set. And they don't really inflate themselves. You know, they just like here. I am front double by set. Right. And the way I explain it to him and it really won't maybe translate as much on audio. But like, you know, you take a guy who's standing here like this, just normal. And then just think about like inflating all of this. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. Expand your rib cage. Think about breathing up. I mean, who's going to look bigger this guy? You know, who's just here? Or, you know, that guy. So it's like, yeah. I think that's it's a simple one, but maybe I didn't do that in the past because I remember somebody else teaching me that, you know. Also on the front double, I tell people to reach for the walls with their elbows. Oh, yeah. Try to just try to just reach out with your elbows a little like get a little wider like you'd be amazed. You got a little bit more in you. You know, you got some shoulder girdle that you can spread out there. Yeah. People don't always close their arms down well enough either on that like that. You see them like that they're up here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I could close that down. Yeah. And then I like to leave just a bit of a gap. So you can see where the bicep like peaks. You know, if you close it, if some people, if they close the arm too far, it like fills the hole. Yeah. I always close it all the way so that no one realized there was no peak. Yeah. Very much part of my plan. Just yet so much tricep. He could bend his arm all the way in his tricep sweep was still crazy. Yeah. I know you've got some run. I've got one more and it's important. And this is an over and under, a timeix shoes. He said he's been on a pair for three years. You should want them for longer. And then stop wanting them. I think it's the most over. Like, and I had them. I'm sure we all did. But I had them when I was first bodybuilding because of Tomix and a big water bottle, where the only way that people could know I was bodybuilding because I didn't have any muscle. That was my like, you know, if I was a couple years earlier, I would have also had some of those big socks. Maybe coming out of the top of them. Yeah, I think a Tomix or a terrible looking. And they don't do anything. This magic with the floor and the whole thing. Not necessity. You know, I really, the only thing I say is don't put on shoes like, and I know it's not as popular but like air maxes that have like air bubbles and they go get under a 500 pound squat. Like, it seems like something might go wrong. And as much as I kid about like, you know, chalks and stuff, I train them just because I like them in a cheap like, you know, on other days I train in on clouds because I think they're like super comfortable and I like to support. But like, leg and back days I always train in chalks just because I always have, I don't even know if I think it's like a flat foot thing. I think half of it just because I've always trained in that. So it's my ground zero, you know what I mean? Yeah, I don't, I don't think it's magic at all. But automics are definitely magic because they're right up there. Like, they're the original crox. I don't have anything against the Tomix, but I never had a pair. They were never really my style. I was always into like a deetus and stuff like that. So I just never had a Tomix. And then I did try like a few pairs of like when like the writer wears kimota had like a pair of those just to see how they were, which is kind of like an atomic. But I didn't really, I like, I like more of like, you know, like a chalk is great for the gem. But I also like, you know, other shoes of deetus and stuff like that. So, you know, I like Jordan's, you know, remember Kybron and back like 2010. Well, he did like, he did like the full on like, like a boot though. It was like, yeah, yeah, boot match the color to a sweatshirt. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, right. Oh, you know, as if his calf needed any more attention, but the boot went up and had to open up 76 inches to give it a yeah. Yeah, I forgot that I hate Ky and I remember you never part of why. Because he's better than me in every way. Anyways, I did have a question here. I wanted to get to before the end of the show. Yeah, because I actually have something that I'm looking into like a business wise and talking to a couple of guys that I know and we're just sort of feeling something out because we have, you know, There's an idea floating around. But you guys, you know, anyone who ever buys or meet in bulk like directly from a farmer like gets like a half a cow gets it all built it up fills this freezer, you know, guys, it do that, right. Yeah, I mean ideally that's the best way to buy your meat, you know, Of course getting the craziest price. So we actually, we're actually kind of feeling this out seeing, you know, What people would be interested because we we have the resources to bring, you know, full beefs, half beefs and even quarter beefs. To two guys that want to pre order their meat, you know, you and you'd save an immense amount of money because of, you know, the idea we have, you know, cuts out all the middleman and, Yeah, you know, you'd be getting strip loin for hamburger prices basically, you know, and, you know, you know, you, this is a parent candidate, but, you know, you'd be getting getting the meat for a far better price than at the supermarket. And, you know, you'd have to have a deep freezer, you'd have to split it with some of your buddies, like you could order a half a cow and you could each take, you know, A quarter of you get four guys and you each take quarter the meat or something like that, but we're, we're feeling it out to see, see how many people would be interested because, you know, we're looking to see like, you know, the economy, Yeah, everything is driving, you know, and I don't see body builders and fitness people wanting to, you know, drop the quality of all they want the best they want the grain fed, they want the, you know, all that all that stuff. And the grass fed beef, I mean, they want the grass fed beef, you know, they want the good stuff and they want the best price and this would be the most ridiculous way to get it to them would be in sane price savings. The only thing is you'd have to order early in the year and you'd get it later in the year, but it would last you like the whole year, right, you know, like you'd be getting a lot of meat. So, round or something. Yeah, so we're about you, you know, like I'm ready. You know, I don't know, I didn't sell me on buying into this is the part that I'm a little fresh. Yeah, whatever. Well, I'm, you know, you know, you know, but yeah, and then so whoever's interested, whoever would be interested and and you don't necessarily have to live where I live. But if that's something that you think is a great idea, we're just getting a feel for it, you know, the the prices of our up. You know, not everyone's happy with the quality of the supermarket meat they're getting, they want the grass fed stuff. Yeah, so it'd be the best meat for the way best price. Like there's no way they'd be able to get a price like it. But, you know, you need to have somewhere to store it and you'd have to, you know, be patient because you'd order it in the spring and you'd get it in the fall and it would last you know, all winter and all summer and, you know, like you'd, you know, ideally you could order, you know, once a year technically if you had this base for it. I got a question. You'd say thousands, thousands and thousands. Millions. I have a question. If you do this, can we call the company, Rans Meat, can I advertise it on the network? You can't beat Rans Meat. Exactly. It's a Rans going. Oh man. Or, you know, if you want to, if you want to taste the Rans Meat, just let us know. We'll send some out to you. I've never had better meat in my mouth than Rans. There you go. I'm not there. I can't say that the other guys will be thrilled about any of those names. But if they will, when the numbers come in, Ron, whatever gets the clicks off of here, you can't even get the numbers. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah. Yeah. Back again to, bunch of people in Rans Meat in their mouth. If you're in Canada, definitely send me a message. Tell me if you think that's a great idea. If you would, you'd be, you know, order in order and meet off me in the spring and you get it delivered. And it's fucking incredible. And as you got a whole freezer full and you save a couple grand over the winter time, you know, in saying. So what you're saying is, you're interested in Rans Meat sliding to his DM. Yes. He'll put it right. Slide this kind of price. Slide into my DM. Goods crazy though. Seriously is what I've run into here, which is wild, is going to the supermarket to get me and not caring what it costs. And they don't have it. Huh. That's another thing. And I'm like, what? What? I mean, so I, when I think of this opportunity, that's the first time that came to my mind wasn't even the price. I don't have time to go to another store and now I have to. And that pisses me off beyond belief, you know, you go in or if they happen to put a sale on it, which brings it to twice what it used to be. Instead of three times, it's also gone because someone like me bought all of it. Like, yeah, you know, it's that is our three problem here with the good stuff too is because I think in our area, they under estimated what people are willing to pay for quality. So they under order. So yeah, all of the really good beef is gone or if you see it, get it because I really think that they were like, oh, everyone's tight. And I'm like, there's a lot of rich people here that are not willing to step down or it's the or it's just important to them. And I'm rich, but they're like, no, I, I will go without 10 different expensive tennis shoes or something because I need quality food. Yeah. Right. And I'm certainly happening is there's some online sites that sell grass fed right from the farm meat, but they sell it like so they sell it to orders so you would like go on their website and order strip lines. And it's a strip lines, but their prices are actually way higher than the supermarket because you're getting a premium product and all that stuff. Right. And the infrastructure and the. And if inventory is an enormous issue for those guys like there are massive mass operations, but this you wouldn't be doing that you wouldn't be ordering a pack of some pack of strip lines you'd be ordering say a quarter beef or a half beef and you're split into with your buddy or whatever. So you could be getting all of it. You'd be getting some hamburger some strip lines some surreloins, you know you'd be getting everything and you'd split it up. So we could use the same price per pound for the whole order and you'd save an enormous amount of money. Guys, I got it in the house. Yeah, come on. So here we go. Yeah. Rotate. Absolutely. Go. All right. Do we want to do we close that? Anything? Yeah, let's close this up. Do a quick close. Thank you everybody. Remember to like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell and don't forget soon. You can have Ron's meat in your mouth. Oh, that's God. Yeah, that's my. That's a perfect name for the company. Yeah, the guys. I don't hate that. Remember, I am mutant.com. Go on, I am mutant.com. Dusty 20, Big Ron 20. You know, all that stuff. Thank you guys. And remember, it's just bodybuilding.