TRT is just lumped in all this because a bunch of politicians in the late 80s thought they could save children and save sports or at least make it look like they were by presenting this this law to the American people. What's up guys, welcome back to Think Big Bodybuilding Media. I'm Scott McNaley and joined with me today is attorney Rick Collins today. We're going to talk about the changes with TRT is the DA trying to end TRT. What do you think? Is that that's the that's the tagline right? Is that's what everybody is saying Rick. That's what I'm seeing online, you know, looking at social media. Thanks for having me on Scott looking at social media. What I see is this this, you know, completely. Yeah hyperbolic, you know, everybody's in complete turmoil. Is this the end of online TRT? There was a post that you and I've talked about by a well-known influencer who basically said that henceforth, everybody on TRT is going to need to get a new script and see their doctor physically in person every 30 days. And I know that there's a rule and we can talk about that a little bit but I was like, that doesn't sound right. Right? Well, I'm really glad to, you know, I had message you if you days ago, you had posted about this and I saw that post and when I saw that, I thought to myself, okay, this is some big stuff. And I'll say this is kind of a spoiler alert, guys. It's not quite as terrible as I thought that it was after I spoke to you. And you just did a column. This will be out in the next MD as well. And it's out right now on the digital version of muscular development correct. Right. Yeah. So you can go to it and maybe you can post the link to it and attach to this video. So the people can read the new column that I just wrote to kind of dissect it a little bit. But yeah, I think it's worth talking about. I think we need to put it into a context that makes sense. And I think a timeline on what this whole thing is all about is important and that's kind of been lacking. Right. Well, who better to have then? I mean, basically we could call you like the legal steroid expert, Rick. You've been, I mean, we've introduced you before, but for anybody who isn't aware, I mean, you really started working initially like a lot of your work was in steroid defense, right? And from there, you've basically, okay. And you went with every aspect of bodybuilding really with the supplement companies and everything else, right? Yeah. I mean, I'm very blessed. I like to say that my as a lawyer, my practice is kind of where health and fitness intersect with legal and regulatory issues. So if you're in the bodybuilding community, physique community, health wellness, and there's legal issues attached to what you're doing. I'm probably the guy to call. And I'm very blessed. I love my clients. I have a very busy practice. Like you said, I represent a lot of nutrition companies, sports supplements, companies, others in the wellness and natural product space, as well as a dual lot of defense of criminal matters and doping matters involving people who are either buying, using selling, manufacturing, importing, antibiotics, steroids, sarms, research chemicals, peptides, the heavy heavy quotes. So that's what I do. I've probably done more of that than certainly than any other lawyer and arguably more than most lawyers combined. So I love what I do. It's good to, I may not be the smartest guy in the room in a general sense, but when it comes to my own little, my postage stamp of territory, I always feel like I have the advantage and that's good to, to good to feel and I think my clients love that aspect as well. Well, we are lucky to have you, man. You are literally the guy I would turn to with any legal questions, especially around bodybuilding, especially around, I mean, really we are talking about steroids here, testosterone is a steroid. So where do we start with this? So I guess the start is what's happening online right now, and that is that everybody is talking about this new proposed rule. So when the DEA wants to make, you know, to float out some changes in the way that a statute or a law, as by Congress, is being implemented or effectuated, they will do a proposed notice of rule making and they've, on March 1st, they published in the Federal Register, they proposed rule. And this proposed rule would impact controlled substances and the online prescribing of those controlled substances. And so, obviously, it would encompass lots of different drugs that are controlled, but one of the drugs that is controlled is testosterone. So there's a 30 day period in which people can make comments to the DEA, to say, hey, this rule's great or hey rules terrible or here's what I think is wrong with this rule. And so that notices up the link to make comments is actually in the muskler development column that I just wrote, and which you'll, you'll put to, it can comments can comment on the 31st. So that proposed rule was published on March 1st, people saw it, and suddenly there were things in it that were very disturbing to folks in the TRT community because of the changes that it would make to the way that TRT could be prescribed and obtained by people who are hypergonatol or who need TRT. So from a timeline perspective though, that's what's happening now, but in order to really understand what it's, what it's all about and what it's impact is and what it's, it's, you know, purposes, you gotta go back, I think all the way back to 1990 and the late 1980s, right? The the story is in the late 80s, Ben Johnson, 1988, solo Olympics ran really, really fast in the hundred meters, got the gold medal, Canadian Sprinter, beat the American Carlos and then tested positive for windstorm. And the sports world went upside down, the or this Canadian beat this American, all because of his cheating with with an animal extirid and so there was activity in Congress congressional hearings held to say, hey, what should we do about this problem? How do we get steroid data sport? That sort of was all about and so the members of Congress came up with the idea that the best way to do that would be to take testosterone and other antibiotics there, right? And just lump them all in together into the controlled substances act, which deals with traditional drugs of abuse, right? Heroin, that cocaine, you know, all the stuff that, you know, is so terrible for many communities and for individuals because of overdose issues, because of organized crime issues, etc. So one of the cheerleaders for that interestingly was then Senator Joe Biden, who was a, you know, driving the train to take testosterone and put it, just forced it into the controlled substances act. I don't have the people who, you know, that it doesn't fit. It's like a square pound hole. This does not belong in the controlled substances act in the first place. And lots of folks agreed with me. So at those hearings, there were representatives of the D.A. the AMA, the FDA, even the Nationalists Sudan drug abuse, all of those representatives said the same thing. Don't, don't schedule antibiotics. There are, don't put testosterone into the controlled substances act. It's not that, it's not the same kind of drug of abuse. It just doesn't belong there. It doesn't meet the criteria that have been established to make something into a controlled substance. What a Congress do. It said, we don't care what you guys say. We're doing it because we want to save the children. If we want to get it out of sports. And so in 1990, the law changed and made testosterone and all the synthetic analogs into controlled substances. Well, think I think did that because they've completely wiped out the use of steroids since then. I mean, imagine what the world would be like, how they not. It's a great way, right? You know, as I've often said, right, supply and demand are basic economic principles. If there's a demand, there's going to be a supply. And when you shut off legitimate sources, what happens? Yeah, black market. So driving, that's the driving line. So I think, and that and it exploded in the in the years after Congress took that action. Yeah. So now you've got TR, you've got testosterone in this controlled substance status. Not by active the DEA, again, DEA opposed it, but Congress wanted it. So in 2008, there was a kid, 18 year old kid named Ryan Hyatt. And this kid was able to go online and access a prescription for vikoden from a doctor that he never saw, who never examined him, who never determined anything. And he overdosed and died. And so that was what to the attention of Congress and Congress is like, well, let's make a law about this. So the inactical law called Ryan Hyatt Act of 2008. And it's an an act that was focused on keeping opiates and other addictive pain killers, which are controlled substances, out of the hands of people who might overdose or get hurt. So what it required was a face to face in person medical evaluation of the patient by a doctor to try to prevent these rogue pharmacies, these rogue sites that are just kind of out there making these pain killers available to folks without any real medical interaction. So that was the point of that law. The in person medical evaluation imposed by Congress online prescribing. Yeah. So in 2020 suddenly we got you cut ahead now. So so now suddenly, co-opening team comes, right? Yeah, let's say you said we're going to not use that word unfortunately, but yeah. What do we do? Yeah, what do we use now? We get we yeah. Yeah, YouTube does not like that. So I'll have to all have to believe it. But yeah, that happened. That happened. Yeah. Yeah, something happened. I don't know what it was. But something happened in 2020. And suddenly there was a concern about people who had telemedicine prescriptions, prescriptions that were based on interactions with physicians fall away. And in the Ryan high at act, there are some exceptions to the face to face, the in person medical evaluation. And one, if there's like this emergency, we won't say the word, but like we could say lockdown. We can say lockdown. Yeah, we can say, you know, sort of a national health crisis or national health emerge. So what DEA did in 2020 was it suspended its execution, its implementation, its enforcement of the Ryan high act. So basically that in person medical evaluation, we're going to put that on hold for a little while while this emergency is going on. So that's 2020. Now, cut ahead. Here we are in 2023. Now, supposedly the emergency is going to be over on nail 11th of 2020, 30 according to the couple. That's what it is. So what you're telling me is this is just going to go back to what it was prior to the emergency. Well, that's what would happen. I guess if DEA didn't try to get involved and change some things. So what DEA is done is it it's proposed a rule that would change things so that it wouldn't go quite back to what it was before 2020. But it would imply imposing some new regulations and some new red tape and some new rigameral that they would essentially be able to still even do prescriptions now without an in-person, but just for a limited period of time. So what the new rule is that, unlike before the 2020, suspension of enforcement, now and get a prescription for a controlled substance, but it can only be a 30-day prescription. Then you got to see your doctor if you want to get more. And the idea of it, again, if we're thinking of this whole law as being all about not TRT, but being all about vikoden and opiates. So basically, you can go online, you can get a doctor through a interaction through the internet, but you can't get more than the 30-day prescription unless you get an actual in-person medical evaluation. So it's better than it was before 2020, but it certainly there's details of it that impose a lot of regulations, restrictions, record-keeping obligations on the part of physicians that are may make sense for vikoden or for opiates, but don't make it for testosterone because going back to testosterone is the the square peg in the round hole of this entire legal structure of the entire structure of the controlled substances act. Yeah, so I mean, the reality is this isn't an argument of, you know, should TRT require these things. It's really should testosterone be on this list. Well, that's certainly yes. You know, and that, you know, whether that ship has sailed forever, I probably would have said, if you'd asked me five years ago, Rick will testosterone ever be taken out of the controlled substances act or or brought down to a lower schedule below three. I probably would have said no because there's really no strong constituency to do that. That Congress is interested in, but that's kind of changed because it's interesting because one of the big pushback coalitions against this proposed rule, which, you know, does add more record-keeping and does require back to in in person, even if it's not for the first 30 days, after that you do have to do the in person. One of the, one of the pushbacks is coming from the trans community because the trans community is looking at this as an anti-trans proposed rule that this is about denying trans, you know, people who are born assigned female at birth and are now looking to become either more masculineized on a non-binary scale or ultimately to become men and transgender. That these people are being unfairly treated by depriving them of the most available and free access to the medication that would allow them to be comfortable in their own bodies. So I've read a number of articles criticizing the proposed rule, not just from the bodybuilding community, but from the trans community. And that has some unfortunately bodybuilding. We don't have a lot of power behind us, but I get to tell you what, I think the trans community can get some shit done nowadays. So if we have any chance, we can we can hope for them to do it, you know. That's full and in changing a lot of cultural aspects that you know, you never would have thought would have changed. Yeah, yeah, that's crazy. So let me understand this then a little bit better. There's a lot of companies out there today that I feel like the TRT, I like online TRT, the telemedicine stuff. I feel like in the last few years it's gotten bigger and bigger. Do you think there are companies that have taken advantage of the changes that have been implemented since 2020 and have actually almost will say like been able to create a foundation for their businesses as a result of those temporary changes? Well, I guess if you got into the business while post-20 October of 2020 when there was really no enforcement of in-person and you set up your business model, expecting that to go on forever. I don't think anybody reasonably thought that would go forever. It was clear that it's an emergency exemption. So it's by definition. It's not supposed to go forever. But I guess if you set your entire structure up to expect that it would never change, well, now you've got to make some changes because now somebody does have to see this patient in an in-person evaluation. But it doesn't have to be the prescribing physician. So DEA has is offering in this proposed rule a number of sort of ways of getting around having to actually see the prescribing physician. And that can be seeing a physician in your state as a patient who is a DEA licensed provider in that state. And again, I don't think that the DEA is really focusing on TRT as part of any of this. I think they're thinking of it as opiates and painkillers. And so getting a DEA licensed physician in your state, you know, Michigan or wherever you are and then having that person do the evaluation of you and then interacting as the two of you with the doctor, let's say in Florida, who becomes the prescribing physician for it, that can be away around the requirement that you ever actually have to go to Florida. So there are these ways that DEA is offering. The problem with them is that some of them require you and your doctor to be sitting together at a video screen with the doctor in Florida from a practical standpoint. Maybe these things make sense. It will really concern about people getting addictive drugs that they can overdose on. Maybe these things make sense. From a person getting a prescription for, you know, 100 or 200 milligrams of test a week, probably doesn't make a lot of sense. Even the 30 days doesn't really make a lot of sense when you apply it to TRT, you know, what real changes are going to take place in 30 days. Maybe it makes sense if you think about it from an opiate perspective. Sure. Like it and maybe, but that's really where the DEA was thinking on this. And I think that the TRT community just because the TRT communities just thinks about TRT, right? So yeah, it's all about me. It's all of the for everybody. Every group, every special interest, everybody, it thinks of everything in terms of how it impacts them. But this really isn't designed to impact them. This is designed to act other types of drugs. Now, the argument that given that it does impact to stostroon does that make sense. And there's some arguments that probably a lot of this doesn't make sense for that. And so that's why some people are pushing back and commenting to DEA that, okay, this is some of this may be great for protecting people from overdosing on, you know, an oxy. But DEA should be treated differently. Maybe that needs to be a special, a different rule with respect to the time in which to see a practitioner for medical evaluation or, you know, other at maybe less of the rigamorole attached to it, less record keeping. I mean, the silly record keeping, silly in the context of TRT, what time the prescription was written and when the entire, I mean, just stuff that seems like complete overkill. But, but is it the death knell of TRT? No, and don't forget none of this applies to anybody who's actually seeing a doctor. So if you've got a local doctor who's prescribing you TRT, whatever it is, and any dose of whatever it is, this is, this doesn't affect it at all. If you see the doctor once and then you get the prescription, none of this applies. You know, this only applies if you've never seen a physician for an in-person evaluation. Interesting. Okay, so you mentioned the comments and that this comment section is open right now. You mentioned that you have a link in the muscular development online article. We're going to put that link in the description of this podcast that way I encourage everybody to go over, first of all, read the article, and then after that, click on the link and send your own comment. And how would you suggest that we go about this? I mean, number one, you know, when we're talking about it the other day, it's like, you mentioned that, you know, when we've talked about here, this is really about opiates. It's not even about us. So it's probably not going to help to just start screaming and be outraged. I need my testosterone. That's probably not going to be the angle. What's the angle here? Yeah. Well, a lot of people will be hesitant to even make a comment because this is a comment that's going to get to DEA. And people are reluctant to speak to government particularly, you know, the drug enforcement administration. So, but I think probably people who are on legitimate TRT and who find things within the content of this proposed rule that just makes it very inconvenient, you know, and makes it tough on them can say that. And TRT clinics that are having issues with it, certainly can express that in a respectful way to DEA. The last thing I guess I'll say is that a lot of people think that, and I've seen a lot of the comments that this is sort of this extension of this war on men, right? Yeah, that this is that there's an ongoing war on masculinity and on testosterone as a emblem of masculinity as the essence of masculinity. And so to testosterone and masculinity are just demonized and this is an extension of that that the government is against masculinity. There's something to that. It is separate and apart from this rule, I think, you know, when you look at, for example, the FDA's black box warning on testosterone, basically coming out and saying a few years back that testosterone causes, you know, heart issues and cardiac problems and all these, you know, cardiovascular problems. When if you're actually look at and I know you know this lecture like I do, Scott, if you actually look at, you know, testosterone, it's actually low testosterone that is linked with more cardiovascular problems than optimized, healthy, normal testosterone, even in the mid to high range. So, I think there is a certain anti testosterone bent in government that probably exists, certainly at FDA. And I think culturally we're in a weird place, right? I mean, we're in a place where, you know, masculinity and so traditional masculinity is demonized or at, you know, or at least kind of dismissed or or scoff dad a couple of years ago, the American psychological association came out with a position that traditional masculinity is toxic. Yes. Is problem. Yeah. I mean, so, so, yes, there is this, this cultural anti male anti testosterone kind of thing that's running through society at this point. But we have to be careful about then taking that narrative and putting everything that happens through the lens of that narrative. Because again, you know, this, the Ryan Heidacht, it was really not about testosterone at all. It was about pain killers and DEA by making this rule about that law is also about pain killers and vikoden and not about TRT. TRT is just lumped in all this because a bunch of politicians in the late 80s thought they could, you know, save children and, and, you know, save sports or at least make it look like they were by presenting this, this law to the American people. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, this makes a lot more sense to me. And it does make me feel like we are not being as singled out as I initially thought when I was just reading through social media. This sounds a little more balanced, which is I think that's at the end of the day. That's, that's kind of what the real story usually is, right? Somewhere in the middle. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Well, I appreciate your time here Rick. I appreciate taking the time to explain this to everybody. And man, I encourage you, everybody out there, if, you know, if you're in a good position to talk to the DEA to make your comment because you have to leave your name and your contact information and all that if you feel a comment. Right? And to do that, hopefully the DEA will kind of rethink and say, you know, some of this is overkill for this particular drug. And maybe we can make some separate rules about it. I'm going to keep my finger on the pulse of what happens if anybody wants to follow me at Rick Collins, he is cute on Instagram. I tend to try to keep new news and information out there by posting it on Instagram. So certainly follow me. I encourage you, you're followers to be my followers. And absolutely. And I will know at some point in the months to come how this all shakes out. Yeah. And like Rick said, guys, follow him for more. I hear all sorts of great news from you stuff that I didn't see otherwise relating to bodybuilding, relating to antibiotics, derides, TRT. And a lot of off-topic stuff too. Things that I wouldn't have thought about, but I appreciate your post. You always get me thinking. Thank you, brother. Thank you very much. All right, guys, we'll go to the links. Check everything out. We appreciate you hanging with us. For another episode here at Think Big Body Building Media, I'm Scott McNally and I'm here with Attorney Rick Collins. Rick, we appreciate your time, man. This is awesome. Thank you so much. Great time.