I'm going to run 20 Anniversary in 2 grams of test. What do you think? First cycle. What's up guys? We'll come back to the podcast with Dave Crosslin. I'm Scott McNeely and all of our programming. It's brought to you by evalblotanalysis.com. You can get your lab work done by Dave if you're in the UK. And if you're on cycle, you should definitely be getting your labs done. We're also brought to you by stromspore.com. That's stromspore nutrition. If you're in the UK, you can get some great health stacks from them. Especially once again, if you're on cycle, you need to hit up strom. If you're in Canada, you can go to supplement source.ca and get great deals that change week to week. We are also brought to you, of course, by true nutrition.com. Use our code think over there on high quality supplements here in the US. They've got literally every protein powder you can think of. We're brought to you by Patreon. We have a Patreon question today. We're going to talk. You guys asked, so we're going to demand us there. Today we're going to talk about Dave's pro charger. We had the gear heads they're called, which are completely something different than I thought Dave gear heads. They want to hear about the pro charger. So we're going to get to that today. And we had a bunch of questions. Do you have like, we gots. What's that? That's it. No, no, no, no, say anything. That's upcoming program project you're working on, right? Maybe. So what it is? We guys can roll that back. Freeze frame it, blow it up. And you can get a little hint on Dave's upcoming project. We did do we had a lot of great feedback on the last episode. We had a ton of questions. So we might need to power through some of them. But we had one that's come up before. And I thought, you know what, this is probably make for a good lead topic. He says, and by the way, once again, if you guys want to take part in the next show, then definitely come up below, we'll try to get it on the next program. If we don't come in again, bus comments like so, this stuff helps to boost our show. He says, some people preach that PEDs shouldn't be used by people who don't compete. I disagree, but where would you and Dave draw the line for the Jim bro living lifestyle, but not planning on stepping on stage? Trend, insulin? What do you think, man? And we have, like I said, talked about this before, but it's never been the main topic of the show. 10 milligrams of anava. That's it. Yep. That's all you get. Yep. What about TRT or you allowed to do your TRT with that or you have to stop it, too? No, you have to stop it. Oh, that's not much, dude. Yeah. Yeah. There's a few compounds I would definitely be wary around and then there's some compounds that are a little bit more. If you want to do it, then fine, but just bear in mind there can be some, I mean, trends and obvious one, this like I personally wouldn't use trend with a client unless they were not a less they were covered. There's a few occasions I'll use it with lifestyle sort of clients, but generally I'm not a fan of putting it in unless they are competing. What if they ask though, what if they're like hey mate, I don't know if they're trying I want to run trend and work with it. If they want to run it, that's fine, but obviously we go through the caveats of look, you know, this kind of cause anxiety can be long term. So as long as there are my big stand pipes always being the same, it's like do whatever FNL you want, but just be aware of the risk you're taking so you make a decision based on all factors and that's the bottom line. But I would have said things like, amp is a drug I wouldn't go near unless you're competitive and even then I'd be wary of it. A down-assine manifest fit. Yeah. And what is a down-assine manifest fit, dude? Well, it's a vent redrogue. Two, it basically makes you super super fascular. Yeah. I mean, what advantage is that to somebody unless they compete and even then it's not advantage, but it's just to look there's some people like to put on stage. It's cool. It is cool. But it can also be a bit nasty if you get it wrong. Not permanently, but it can give you some fucking might you had aches. Dude, I heard it makes you feel like garbage every after you take it. Yeah, I can't do it, I really make you feel rough. The over one, I'd be wary of round is so... For God. So you'd say well, I think of it. OK. So here's a thing. I never. So I feel like years ago I wasn't clear on why I would say I don't want to use these. I don't think a non-competitor should use fill in the blank. And it's interesting because I feel like there was some pushback that people thought, like, oh, well, you're gatekeeping that you think that only a competitor deserves to run X-compawn. And that's not it at all. My thought is that if, so with a contest, with a contest prep, my mindset is completely different. The reality is, like stepping on stage, you're kind of creating an illusion. Yeah, absolutely. You're getting peeled, oddier, freaking head. But what you're trying to do to look the way you look is something that we only hold for literally like one hour of one day. And I don't think that that's beneficial to anybody who's going to be doing a lifestyle type thing, non-competitor. You know, more so I want to focus for a non-competitor on how can we get you looking really good and then hold you there. Like, say the care like, hey, I want to be in shape for summer. Okay, they date a book. Yeah, I mean, Tina, look, how can we do something that will get you looking crazy and also be able to hold that long term? Now, yeah, if we were to say, turn a few knobs, maybe we could do the same thing to get you reaching that contest, you know, peak look. But like what benefit is that going to be, except for like, I'm going to the beach that day? And it's like, you hold this for one hour and then once you drink water, it's gone. Like, you know, it's not reasonable. So things that I'm considering are compounds like Halo doesn't make as much sense to me. If I'm looking at, you know, I would much, and it does work. And it can work in my opinion in certain offseason situations like to push through strength plateau's intermittently, not taken every day. Compounds like trend sure we could use trend in a non-competitor. But it's definitely something that, you know, if we don't have to, I mean, yeah, the less we can, my opinion is always this, is that the less we need to use to get you to reach the look that you want to achieve the better. You know what I mean? The more sustainable it is, the more sustainable it is, the more sustainable it is. I would prefer, say, it kind of tests, prep cycle just as an example. Might be test and in mass, and maybe it was, as massed, probe and then trend in the last six weeks and then wind strolling the last four and then Halo in the last 10 days, you know, so that you can look a certain way on a certain day versus for a guy who's doing a, you know, a non-competitive program, it might just be like, test and long-acting massed, and maybe we add in a small amount of trend for the last eight weeks. You know, but it's something that you can just like roll with in keep the look is more what I'm thinking, not taking things that are going to be so toxic that, because once you start taking compound two, you're on the clock as to how soon you have to stop taking that compound. You know, I'm completely, yeah, I'm completely with you. I would said that it's a whole class of drugs I wouldn't consider a non-stiatetics. Yeah, yeah, there's a great example, you know, like that it's not going to do what you want in any kind of, you know, this is not the same fashion. Yeah, it's just not sustainable. Men, I would be a little bit more cautious around. I'm not saying he can't be used. I think he can be used, but it's, again, it's, it's that rich reward element. It's not a compound, you're going to be on for very long periods. It's not a compound, you're going to be able to visit on a regular basis. By all means, try it. See how we get on with it, but just have that reservation that is not something I can build into every cycle or have for long-term use and buy Scott a bib. Yeah, I might need one. Thankfully, I always were dirt close, so if I spoke coffee, I'm wise. He sounds like it's a top anyway. I mean, just using to mock the TLP doesn't really matter. Does it? And then, you know, yeah, so that's definitely one I agree. Hey, those are the one for some of the reasons I still can't think of the compound. I'm thinking of, listen, Orals in general are something that I'm, I'm not as fond of for a non-competitor to be used in a longer term fashion. You know, I, I feel like if we're adding an Oral in, we're getting to the end of the cycle. Okay, things have been going good last four weeks. Let's add in this, you know, or maybe intermittently in and off season, push, you were trying to bring through some strength. But, yeah, you know, because especially Orals, man, it's like that toxicity is just going to keep building up once you start it. So, you're on your, the first time you, the first day of your oral is one step closer to the end of your cycle, you know? Again, it's a compound that needs limited exposure. It needs controlled exposure. The compound I was thinking of was more of an exotic and it's a growth peak. No, it's a growth factor compound. Growth factor compound. And it's not, you would have said, I, G, F, I feel. Yeah, no, it's not I, G, F. To be honest, I think with I, G, F, it's, if you run it at the dosing you need to run it to get real muscular results. Yeah. It's not a pleasant compound to run and it's really cost prohibitive. Yeah, my starting suppressants, they're just a work unless you spend $1,000,000. Mostly the high sea surface is just garbage. But, oh, it's, it's going to annoy that shit. You'll think of it like 10 minutes after we finish the show. Yeah, it's going to annoy the hell out of me now. Growth factor. Yeah, it's a growth factor, Asian. Yeah. Yeah, you know, okay, if I give you the side effects, when you take it, it aspirates through the lungs, makes you an immediate shot, it's a breath and causes a smooth bowel contraction. Oh, peak, peak, peak, peak, peak, peak, peak 141. No, that's, that makes you horner. PGF28. PGF28, I knew it was, I couldn't think, yeah, okay. I never thought that. That's, that's definitely a drug I wouldn't be messing with. That's your competitive, even that I'd be questioning it. Yeah, didn't you see you used that one time? Mm. And how did that go? So PGF28 is, it does a couple of things. It's actually, as a topic or it can be used as a fat loss agent and it will spot reduced fat. Okay, yeah, yeah. It, it, it kills fat cells effectively. As an injectable, it's rumored to to actually promote side growth. I can't say whether it doesn't, but God, it makes you feel like dog shit. Yeah. It's horrible, you feel like crap on it. I don't really, any of these specific, just a general that, did you, look, no, be honest, did you have to have a change of your pants after you took it? The first time I took it, I was actually sat on the toilet just to be careful. Just to preemptively be ready. Yeah. The, actually, you can, you can get to a point where you control that side of it and, and where you don't pass. But what I found is when I got to a point where I was controlling it, so I could take it whenever I wanted. I wasn't going to shoot myself. Um, I'm doing a really good. I'm not going to crap myself today. Wait, I'm doing a little drug. I ended up being constipated. Oh, okay. So it, it was like, I can't win it. But yeah, PGF2A is a rather unique little thing. I don't think that's it when you start getting into those real quirky sort of exotic things. Yeah. You know, from an experimental point of view, it's okay in the sense that if you want to sort of play an experiment, but then just not in any way long to have some sustainable. It's not to be honest. I do think there is an element of gear use that is like, hey, I just want to know, you know, D&P, I just want to know, you know, it's like there's no real reason to have used it. Otherwise then, you know, I can't think of any contest, perhaps that I've worked with somebody or my own where I've been like, man, we got to hit the D&P now. It's always one of those things where like, well, I want to see what it does, you know, same thing with insulin, same with GX, same with everything. And the more exotic you get the less we really needed it, like, you know, truly needed it, you know? Ascecline, oh, another toll. Oh, yeah. So accecline has not been around in my time of bodybuilding. No, so I always see novital or whatever it is, I kind of remember I said. We talked about that years back, it's from Spain, isn't it? I thought it was from Russia. Okay, I thought we saw it or maybe it was like it was legal in Spain for up to a point. And it's a site, everything. Because it's localized, smelling, and muscle which makes it appear bigger. I wonder what that does to your inflammation markers, you know what I mean? Probably it's what's in through the roof. But you look jazzed. Yeah. There is some size to support a smaller amount of site, growth with it as well, but again, it's just not. That there's usually two reasons you can't support the exotic stuff. It's either cost or it's side effects. Yeah, it's and it's usually one of those, so it's even just that due to that expensive or it's the side effects, it's just too harsh to tolerate. Yeah, I could see that. All right, well, I hope that answers the question. Anything else you can think of, I think? Because I don't, I have no problem with any. And try and. Okay, well, I'd put that in the same category as the individual, honestly, or, or Halo. Would you? Yeah, well, maybe not quite in a draw, but I put it in the same category as Halo. Don't you be disinoxies now. Don't you come on this show and stop being discreditation against all seas you. Oxi. Horrible individual. Maybe intermittently, you know, toward the end of a phase where we're really trying to focus on strength, a small, small dose, say, on like day and in, you know, pull day, something like that. And that's it, you know, two times a week, something like, I can see that. I never used it. I know you had, I never used it because my always, my thought had always been. Contest prep. I'm already on trend. Why don't I do something completely different like Halo, Halo? I, I never really, really read it. I'm trying to be fair. Now, we could have been crop quality drugs. I don't think it was, but we never know for sure. Yeah. But it never really did anything for me. I found it complete waste. And I, I went up to two, two and a half milligrams. Yeah, that doesn't sound right to me. Yeah, that's what I hate. I, I remember the oral at, I started it 250 micrograms, oral. And then I went to 500 oral. And then I, this is the one time. Why was I taking it? Because I learned a few what it did. And I was dieting. But I had the same with trend. I didn't get a huge hit off trend either. I found trend very, yeah, I was, I was actually incredibly disappointed with trend because of all the stories I'd heard and all the, you know, are these shit's rocket fuel, it'll do this, it'll do that. Hmm, not really. Guys, I think they have got some fake trend vote below. Comment below if you want to see Dave run a real child cycle. All right, all I can say is that, um, and I won't say his name, but a professional bodybuilder was running the same lab, same batch. Doesn't mean the world and I get that and I, I, I, I fully appreciate that. And it was that kind of. Even though it was destroying him. Okay. I was like, oh, I don't get what you're feeling. Yeah, I don't know. Well, I, like I said, I started 250, went to 500, went to 750, and then basically had heat stroke because it was summer and I was like, I, it was bad man. I was like crash and now like trying to work outside and in hot wear houses and stuff man, I was like, oh, this got to go. This is not for me. Yeah, no, I never, I never really got a huge amount from it. In fact, that might have been the only thing I threw out. I've given away a couple things, but that when I think I just tossed it, or, you know, what, no, you know, what I did with it. Ha ha ha ha ha. I had, I did a P.J.F.2A out, but I did off like a bowl of these sides, because I bought it from a veterinary center. Oh, I, it was like, half a leaf or the stuff. I hit it. I hit it in my apartment, like just a stash at somewhere and I think it was like, I can't remember where it was like by the furnace or an event or something like that. So one day somebody's going to find these little yellow triangular tabs of methyl trend and they're going to think it's something else. They're going to think it's like, you know, that probably's like rap voices. I hope we can throw it for real. Yeah, right? Yeah. All right. Well, listen, I think that that maybe covers it. You guys tell us where's your line as a non-competitor. What do you not want to do? You know, and like I said before, leave us questions. Because Dave, I got to tell you, man, we have a lot of them. We all know that creatin is great for muscle building, but where you aware of its benefits for brain health. Uh, I think it's problems creatin. No, it's definitely pronounced creatin. No, it's definitely creatin. I'm positive. Yeah, that's pretty much what I said creatin. Pretty good. Well, regardless of what you want to call it, creatin plays an important role in brain health. Research demonstration, your brain needs a significant amount of ATP to perform difficult tasks. Supplementing with creatin will improve phosphocreatin stores, helping your brain produce more ATP. So if you're not on creatin now, give it a try. Check out truenutrition.com. Use our code, think over there. They got all your basic health supplements like creatin, protein powder. Everything else you can think of. Use our code, think to help support our programming, get some additional savings and get a great supplement. Yeah, this is definitely creatin. There was one on Patreon. I really want to make sure we cover today. To paraphrase it, Guy has never done a cycle before. He's starting us first cycle. He's going to run. I can't remember the duration he said, but here's his dose. It feels like I'm going to run 20 anniversary in two grams of test. What do you think? First cycle. Holy fuck. I mean, it doesn't make sense because the antivirus, like, well, I want to watch the liver. You know what I mean? You know what I'm saying? I look, do what you want, but that's a lot. I mean, that's a two-gram test only cycles a lot for anybody. As a test only cycle, but I agree that one compound, but I would be much further down to 400, 500 bucks if I was you. Dude, even 300, 350 even, you know, like, leave yourself some room. Well, at least, yeah, two-gram tests sounds good out of our as a bit overboard. Thanks, Ty. We appreciate your input, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, he's like, I'm getting a wardrobe, a big, a big, a big, a walker, whatever meal it's cold. And I'm going to have a diet coat because I'm watching him wait. Right. Yeah, I'm wondering if it's a circumstance of that he just doesn't have enough education, yet, which in that case, I encourage him to leave. I mean, he is a Patreon subscriber. Honestly, and this is no, like, no knock to him, had it been somebody who just commented blankly on YouTube, they really did, we didn't know. I'd be like, oh, he's pulling our leg. But, you know, he, I'm pretty confident he means this. That's all I would say, so that is a lot of drug particularly for the first cycle. I think you'll be surprised how well you respond from a quarter of them. Yeah, yeah, endless sides. Easy, you're like, a managed going in, imagine going into your first cycle, having to try to manage the sides of two, two grams of task per second, you know. Yeah, well, I mean, to put it in this something relatable, that's like going from a 200 horsepower car and suddenly jumping into a thousand horsepower and expecting to be able to drive it competently without any previous experience, you know. And we do have listeners who will appreciate that analogy now, let me know. They've got some gear heads on board. I like my car analogies. I find it a good way of explaining drugs for some reason. It seems to work well. Yeah. I use that car analogies too sometimes, like talking about like nitrous. Like we don't. We don't hit the nitrous in first gear. You know what I mean? Let's let's just get the, oh, we're going to get to be really speedy. Yeah. All right, let me see what else we have here. And yeah, you guys are freaking awesome with all the comments and everything your positivity, we appreciate it. Oh, wow, this guy's name is actually gear head 157. He says, but I think he might mean the other kind of gear. I'm on 750 test C 600 mass, 260 anovar per day. Oh, no, excuse me, 60 anovar on and work out days. 20 milligrams of MK67, 25 milligrams of GW501516. I just got retratroutied. Should I drop the MK as I feel as if I'm not cutting as fast? I'm using the MK because GH is more expensive, hello, hello. I, from a GH point of view, I don't think the MK is particular. We discussed this last week, actually. I don't think the MK, I don't know if we discussed it on or off air, though. I don't think the MK is going to be particularly effective. And if anything, it's just increasing your appetite. That's definitely a compound. I wouldn't be looking at it. If I was looking for a cheap alternative to GH, which GH is relatively cheap, these days particularly, if you're only running a couple of IU a day, then you could look at the GH app, but I think even then you're probably going to be more cost effective at just sticking to IU a GH and even if you did it every other day. Though I appreciate that the initial outlay is higher in that you're going to be spending a lot initially to get that true. Not a big fan of cardery myself. Don't think it's having a huge impact in your total antibiotics. It's a bit like the 20-an of hour on the two grandmage. I've been, you know, it sort of seems a little bit like, is it? I do get a third fat loss benefit from it when I have used it. I've noticed a good benefit from that regard, but cost to benefit, you know, Scott and I, and I maybe I should go back and find it. I always said it is a little cardering end you. I think that was the title of the show. Was, some because somebody said they were like, you know, you mentioned that cardering could cause cancer. There's a study to show that it actually stops cancer. And so Scott looked at that study and he was like, yeah, so this study shows that it will actually help with this kind of cancer. And this study shows that it will cause all these other types. So, you know, this is, yeah, exactly. I just think there are better fat burners out there. You know, if you're going to add something for a fat burner, I'd be looking more at T3, playing that sort of stuff than I'd be looking at cardering personally. Yeah. Where I think cardering is a little bit unique. It's around its lipid effects. And it's cardiovascular improvement. But I think that's a very specific effect for a very specific situation. I know a lot of people were keen on cardering to try and offset the cardery of us with down regulation. You got from trading in sort of strong and sort of which where I can see, okay, yeah, I can see something there when you're top of your field and you're wanting something to mobilize it, I'm not a fan, but so, even if it didn't commonly contribute to cancer and I know the doses in this, these would generally much higher than what we'd see in recreational use. Yeah. I'm still just a bit wary about that's the bottom line with it. Yeah, yeah, I think it's great for endurance. But, and like you said, cholesterol, but cost to benefit, I like that word, weary, you know. Mm-hmm. Let's see, Chris says you mentioned people who want to stay on your round for an interesting topic, what would be a good year round cycle of people were interested in going that route, Cheers fellas. Dave, follow up question. If you do it year round, is it still a cycle? Well, the benefit is no, because the cycle is a brotherhood, Hacer word cycle. You know, you know, easy, a fuck it as an A-B-shitter about it, but it's cyclistic wouldn't mean Rotatory. Yeah. It comes back around which is not doing because it's permanent. Of course. Mm-hmm. Thank you, but I still like the word cycle because we are back to where we started. T-be-I think common terminologies are useful because people understand them. True. Whether that technically correct, I'm not that buffered about, but I get why he has a book better on it. Well, mostly we're coming back to where we started. No, not necessarily to- Well, no, necessarily we're both people. We're going like a 4RT, you know, like we're coming back to T-RT. So, you know, the course is over. The cycle is over. I think if your kid be using an elevator dose year round, I would be reluctant to anything above just test. Yeah. Just what is the simple reason that the body coats with so well. I get the benignness of something like pre-moving and it didn't, but then you've got that cholesterol suppression issue, which is difficult to manage with pre-mo. So if you were looking at a secondary compound, I'm probably leaning towards mass personally. I don't agree with it. I don't think it's a way to go, but if someone was helping on doing it, I would be test only a test of mass to push. Yeah, look at your labs. I mean, that's the reason people come off is to get their labs back in order, right? Yeah, I mean, I've seen people with surprisingly decent labs at long-term exposure to elevated levels. It is from a lab management point of view, it's doable, but there's things that labs don't pick up. And you would need to be. I think for me, the benefit, I think isn't there. I don't think you're going to see such, I think you'll see more accelerated muscle growth from two good, solid cycles a year, with a correct TAT in between, then you would from running a TAT plus year round. I 100% agree with you and I had even seen it in my own life, honestly, because I went through a phase of not dropping below 300 tests and I didn't see any additional, like, I honestly should have just done TRT, because then I ran into other issues. My himatic rate got higher, and then I had to do full about me and blah, blah, blah, blah. Yeah, and I think when you start a stacking in the extra management that comes into play of running an elevated level for an extended period of time, I think the costs and I don't mean the financial costs, I mean the preventive costs end up being greater than the benefit you get. You know what I'll see if I mentioned before, and I think it resonates true here too, you're only going to like, we can all push real hard, you know what I mean? But we can't be like, you know, foot to the floor, gunning it, 365 days. You can for 16 weeks, right? And you know what I'm saying? Yeah, this is like, I didn't mean to you in the motivation to take advantage of, you know, because before you know, you're kind of like, yeah, well, this week I'm just not doing as good. You're not taking advantage of it then, you know? Yeah, and I think there are a few people that can maintain that level of consistency, but they are there. Yeah, they are. And so I think because most of us live a life, the having periods of time when we can be a little bit less on it and spend time with family and do social things and all that sort of stuff, you know, down time is easier to accommodate things like that, whereas full blown cycle, I'm wanting to get everything I can out of that because I don't want to be there for super long periods of time. And I mean, I pushed it on the length of time I stayed on and that's what caused a lot of the problems. That, I'm the overall size, but I mean, I wasn't being shy with my dosing either. So I get that as a very extreme example, but yeah, I think these days, I think time office is not just beneficial from a health point of view, it's beneficial from a progress point of view as well. Yeah, it gives you a chance to like, stop, regroup, you know what I mean? Figure out, okay, this is going well, this isn't what am I going to do to change that to make better progress, you know? Yeah, stuff like injury management, things like that as well. And I think it all comes into play, you know, you cannot hammer your body 24, 7 because it breaks. Each, each, just a simple side, it does break. All right, this guy says, so Scott, you mentioned when doing test EQ cycle, you're like running MPP at the beginning. My question is how many weeks until you would drop the MPP out. And when you drop the MPP, would you raise the EQ also how long of a cycle would this be overall from start to finish and what milligrams of each would you do also in cillaries? I think the dosing would depend on your experience at the time, you know, I'd been using more gear. So the doses were going to be higher, would that apply to everybody listening to the show? Absolutely not. Everybody's at their own place. There might have been some people here that would be like man, I'd take more than that, you know? But, you know, basically at the time, I think it was like 1.25 grams of test, 800 EQ. And then I think I initially would do like 300 MPP, but even found like even 50 every other days seem to be beneficial. And I would run that for like the first eight weeks. And by then the aqua poise was really built up. And I felt like it was really coming into its own and I didn't need the EQ. So I didn't change any of the other dosing. But that point I might have added in some injectable debaub or something for the last, you know, six weeks, something like that. Something that you might just happen to have lying around in your box that you found? No, back in those days. No, those days. Those days are the reason I have things left after that today. It's got cycle design. What's there? Scott's 60? Never would've guessed. Yes. There's people who still think that, okay, yeah, I'm just, yeah, some 60 guys. No. Hi. Hi, my name is Nick. Hi, my name is Nick. Hi, my name is Nick. In 18 months blasting crews, my CRP is very high. What can I do to lower it? I'm currently on 550 test and 350 EQ. Oh, that shit blast is not particularly aggressive. So I would be, but for 18 months, he said blasting crews for 18 months. So what's your cruise dose period? How long have you been on your blast? But I suspect the CRP might be coming from something else like infection. I wonder what kind of gear he's using is this super soft and that could be a problem with the mission records up. Now, it could also, it depends is what's your definition of super high CRP. I mean, an infection is going to put CRP. Could easily put CRP into the 20s. Oh, that's true. He said my CRP is very high. It's 13. It's high. I wouldn't say it's very high. That could potentially indicate infection or inflammation depending on them. That's the sound things like, hey, fever can spike CRP as well. Are there any symptoms of illness? Is there any allergy symptoms? Is there anything else that could explain the CRP? Or is it most definitely going to be gear? I wonder, I do think there are more products out there now with super soft. It's a guy in message me yesterday who was like, hey, what would you suggest they do to cut my test for 100 because it's causing a lot of pain? And if you have test for 100, there's no question you've got some very cost-exolvency in there. And just running that gear alone, you could see elevated inflammation levels. But he's actual push yourself doesn't seem to be. Yeah. Someone wants to talk about movies. I'm down with that. Let's talk about movies. Perfect. That was the perfect pairs from the last week. Guys, I got to take a break to do the whole lecture, subscribe thing. But I also want to say thank you to you. The internet's kind of a weird place, at case you didn't know. And I'm glad that we've put the community together that we have. I'm grateful to read your comments. In fact, I know a lot of YouTubers that don't read comments. I read all of them and I try to get back to everybody. So if you comment, I will see it and I'll try to get back to you. Also, the like button is absolutely free of charge. You don't have to pay anything to hit it. And it does help us out a ton. It's not going to like push us into your algorithm, but it will help other people to hopefully find the show. So if you like our stuff, please try to help us out. Question for a day. Is there a problem with having too much free testosterone? If you run test high, three grams with the high-free test mean that you're having spill over from your testosterone. SHBG is crashed. Astridol is in range with Primo as an AI. 3 grams of test on your running Primo as an AI. How is fucking Primo, you run? Oh, free gram total test on Primo. It says, if you run test high, three grams. Now understand too, there's no punctuation here. It's just if you run test high, three grams does the free test around. No, the free test I said I wouldn't be concerned about, but I would be, I mean, I'm assuming if you're running free grams of test, your Primo is going to be, yeah, your Primo, I mean, I've done free gram of test. It's definitely impacting. I would say, think that your Primo is going to be 1.5 to. There is a point where the estrogen, so the estrogen conversion of the test isn't linear. So as the test goes up, the estrogen conversion starts to, you know, ease the curve. It's so much a rummetic enzyme in the body, right? Yeah, there's only so much you can produce. Irrespective of how much of a fat fuck you are. So I would suspect that whereas if you were running 500 of test, you'd probably need 500 of free motor managed that if you were in free gram of test, you're not going to need 3 gram of pre-mode, you're probably going to be a gram of 1.5, maybe 2, but I still are fucking big cycle. Yeah. Um, so, but yeah, no, I wouldn't say there's an upper limit to free test at the end of the day, but you are going to produce more engine receptors as a result of you to lies what's going on. But it's the downstream stresses that start to become limiting. It's not that I have an inner faith eye to engage with the test. It's the amount of stress you're creating downstream that becomes limit factor. Normally I'd say I could hold it, but I got a piece so bad. I got a taken break, Dave. I got to go. I got to go, man. Oh, well, do you want me to, people were asking about what I'm doing with the car. So I'm not, why don't I give you another question, because I want to save that. Or the end, or, you know, as we get, as we finish up the questions, I'll ask you this one, and I'll be back in a minute. Question for Dave, okay. I said that he used to drive 20 IU of GH. How was his experience with fat loss? Um, did he do any kind of potassium consumption, etc. Did he get leaner? He was that he was full of water is clear. There is a rumor that if you take so much GH that you can't get fat. GH, so when I took high doses of GH, yes. Right. So the time, the time staff is 42 minutes and 18 seconds run. I got to go. I got to go. Um, no. What retention was definitely a problem, but the time I was running particularly high levels of GH, I was also starting to creep into the kidney issues. So it was a very mixed bag of what my body was doing and water retention was a continual issue. Um, I was leaner, however, than I thought. Now, when I went into hospital with my kidney failure, I was £415 when I came out a week later, having been on IV diuretics. And I was £355 with some visible apps, not fully out, but you could definitely see whether it was supposed to be and what was going on. Now for a period of time, prior to that, I had been trying to reduce what I thought was excessive body fat. Um, did the GH play a factor in that condition? I presented when I dropped the water. It may well have done, I don't know for certain. Um, but I had a combination of obviously high GH high insulin, which is going to drive a shitload of glycogen and water into the cell that was definitely spillover. But I was also dealing with renal issues. So at that point we'd have been £3.3B, so we were in the EGFR's of £40 each. So I had a growing amount of water retention from that as well. But all I can tell you is that when I came out of hospital at £355, I was significantly mean it on a thought I was and I had a visible sort of up definition coming through. So was the GH effect right now? Could have very well been. All right. I didn't want to miss the pro-terger talk. That was the other thing. So I went, okay. That was actually incredibly quick for a piss. I'm quite impressed. Oh yeah, yeah, I just went in the corner and just didn't even leave my office. You know, ball. Yeah. And then just ran the floor. It's fine. Yeah. Oh my god, I had to go so bad. I chugged a bunch of water. I drink one of these bottles before the show. And I was like, I really have to pee right now. We'll just record. I'll be fine. That's a decent wall ball size. What's up with you? That's a good water bottle. This one is, uh, someone's 32 ounces or 40 ounces? Most silently, metric, yo man, speak to you. I think it's a, I think it's a leader. Major little point two. Two point two. It's a good. All right. So we have a guy who has one three out of three of his classes in masters. Well, he's going into the fourth now. And he says he's doing something different. He's got no coach. He's doing this on his own. He says he's already qualified for national. So this show is for fun and experience and experiments. Okay. Then 2026, he's going to do a national show. He says, love you guys and all the knowledge. So here's the experiment. At three times a week, he's going to do 225, excuse me, 0.75 test, 225 a week, 0.75 mass, 225 a week, 0.5 pre-mo, 150 per week, trend ace, 30 times a week. 3.3 milligrams. And that's going to be 100 milligrams per week for a total of 700 milligrams. Poll, everything a week out and add wind stroll. Is this a good plan, guys? I wish he told us what is original thing was. Like what was he doing before? What have you really massed? Does it? Because this is just pure experimentation. So, but it would help us to understand. You know what I mean? What if he says that like, oh, before I just was running T RT? That's not the I'm sure he wasn't, but you know what I mean? It's like, then it does seem do seem sensible in the sense of total milligrams. And the split, the drug choices, I don't have any issue with it from a point of view of comp prep. So yeah, I don't see anything there. Now this used to be a big difference between the UK and the States was the UK. Going back some time, we used to always pull our injectables 10 days out and just running on all our own way. And as a result, we tended to come in drier and harder, but not as full. Well, Americans used to always run their injectables right up to the show and they tended to come in fuller, but maybe not quite as granite the hard as the UK counterpart. So I think he'll probably find that he's as long as he's lean, that he might look drier and harder, but he may see some change in fullness from that. Over the night, I don't really see an issue with it to be honest. I mean, I tend to pull injectables out of stronger or at least lower them a week out. So they come in fresher and less drained. My main thing is to work very, very well. Sorry. Yeah, go on. Sorry. I thought you're a finished. I was just going to say that my main concern is getting lumps on stage with injectables close to the show. So two straight-to-date ones. It's usually the last time I would take a shot anyway. And sometimes we might even pull the test out. I don't usually go. It's funny because I don't know. I don't know if I'm alone in this now. I thought that a lot of people did this. But Andrew said on Blood Sweat and Gear the other day, who was like, well, traditionally most coaches, skip and I will both go to probe, like fast acting test at the end. I generally keep it at long acting test and never have a problem with that. As long as you're managing estrogen the way you want. But, you know, my thought is that it's most of this gear is still going to be in its system. Yeah. You know, so it's not going to make a difference. You know, guys who travel to shows and they're coming in several days early all-time, like, you know, really don't just take your last shot before you leave. And then the orals are more important. Managing orals when you're doing four shows, that gets interesting. You know what I'm saying? So I definitely, I have no problem with anything he's doing here. No, I think people forget. I think I see people last this a lot. The, you know, stop the injectables. Yeah, but I'm going to have enough of it in the system. It's not leaving that far. Even even as a prop, it's not leaving that fast. You've still got this so much. It's two hours, you know, it's, it's not going to get out your system that quick. So, you know, when you, when you are dropping injectables, don't think a week later there's going to be nothing there. They're still going to be a hell of a lot of gear circulating. Oh, yeah. I might have people not take tests because we already have all that tests. So like maybe we cut the test out Sunday before the show. And then still run, um, masked and trend. I always go with trend ace. So if I can get that a little closer to the show, it's a good idea. I did have day one time and I may have told you the story before. I ran out of trend like Sunday. I ran out of trend. And I just needed to take that additional shot on Tuesday or Wednesday or whatever. And thankfully I had a body at the gym who told me, oh man, I have some really good trying to make it myself. It's real smooth. I'll bring you some guess what do I took that shot and my glue freaking swelled up like a tennis ball was on it. See it on the stage. Obviously, I don't judge anywhere near as much as I used to. So I don't see how much as I did but used to see it on the stage all the time. We had limping shoulders to fly that. Yeah. Yeah. Judges don't look too kindly on those things. You know? It's got no angry. Love all the shows. Sorry. Produce a question about any of the shows. Acne scars and what to do about them. I thought he had something to do about getting on stage. But I guess not. Question for any of the shows about acne scars and what to do to help them. Oh yeah. And not affect your look on stage. So if he's talking about discoloration, you know, like it recent acne and now there's like a red spot, generally the tan is going to cover a lot of that up. You know, your skin is going to look more even with any discolourations. Would laser help? Yeah. Yeah. I had a pale still for the things like that potentially. I don't know enough about skin care to really know what you could do for acne scarring, but I would have thought some is because met a dermatial type stuff. My my help. I was very prone to acne as a kid and it wasn't until I ran my second course of the acutane as an adult that I actually got my skin to clear up. And I did do a high end laser treatment. It was my friend. It was VJ. My friend partner in in crime VJ. His wife does that stuff and she worked at a place where she had this like real fancy machine and they went in 10 years ago. And I think there was some change some improvement. What do they do? Look into derma rolling. That could be something we're looking into. They're like it's like these little tiny micro needles on a roller Dave. And you basically just basically breaks up the surface of the skin, calling for new collagen and it puts on scar tissue over time. It's a long-term process but you know I'm confident with where I'm at at this point. But those are options. But yeah as far as the discoloration of like newer acne scarring a lot of that is going to get covered up with the tan. Why do AAS negatively impact lipids in cholesterol? More lipids slash cholesterol. So from a five year of increasing LDL we use cholesterol as a raw material to produce hormones. We're not producing hormones anymore so we're not using it so we end up with an excess. HGL adulteration is more significant in drugs that lower each of your skin. So AAS with the exception of a rumours and drugs like Master Primo have a significant impact on HGL because they lower estrogen and liver and liver is key management system in support in our management out cholesterol levels. So there you go. That's especially get out me today. It like basically there's an enzyme that catabalizes and breaks down HDL. Right? Something like that. Yeah, it's a lot of these around estrogen levels as well. So as we lower estrogen that has a more significant impact on the HDL management as well. So there's a couple of processes going on. Okay we've got a guy who wants to do his first cycle. He's on TRT at 200 a week. I think that's what you're saying. Ben and TRT 200 milligrams a week for 15 weeks and planning to ramp up to 500 milligrams of test increasing by 100 milligrams each week. I'd like to add Master Rounds starting at 200 milligrams up to 400 milligrams and possibly and of our for the last six weeks. I also have Proviron but unsure if I should include it. Proviron you will need to amassed for this simple reason. He's not going to do a rise mild AI but the lowering of HBG is going to be significant anyway. However that's a total dose in a 900 a week which I think is excessive for a first cycle. I would keep total antibiotics to 500 at the max not including all rules. I had a little bit of an oral on top. I don't see any real benefit to the progressive. Yeah, that's a lot of a part of. Apart from maybe a reduction in total, all metabolic exposure over the period of time. I'd be dependent on how long he's planning on running for. I would even go to 300 tests to 200 master or just go all test. Personal. Yeah. Yeah, I think that people think they're going to take that test and all of a sudden, whoa, I'm feeling good. I'll try a little bit more and see how I feel on that. You know, but it's a process of you take that more. You take 100 milligrams more and it's like you're not going to really actualize that for a few couple weeks of repeatedly doing it, you know. Yeah, and I think, you know, if you're a nature, more is better. It's a base sort of thing we seem to harvest humans, is more is better, more is better. And it's not always the case. And as doses get higher, you'll find that the increase, the increase required in doses significant change in effects is much greater. The difference in effects between one gram and two gram total is not the same as the difference in effects between two gram and one gram total. Even though you've got a gram each time, you'll see a smaller change in effects from two to three than you will from one to two. And that gets progressively worse as the dose gets higher. So the change from three to four is significantly less from two to three and again from one to two. And so on and so forth. Oh, I like to this time. Now, Dave, you missed out on it. And being in the UK, you didn't have the experience come. You would have, I'm sure you would have if you lived in the US in the 80s and 90s going down to Tijuana to get your supplies. But this guy says, if you're desperate for real gear, just go to Mexico. Mexican and pharmaceuticals come from legit labs and they love American money just saying, I used to personally know the largest supplier to the states. She supplied the chargers, the raiders, 49ers, cowboys and the Rams. She also supplied WWF, WCW, Ohio and a host of other areas. The state of Ohio. She was the sponsor for gear for Ohio. She got busted because of two girls I knew that got caught walking across the border. She was extradited for to San Diego for six months. During her time in the clinic, those athletes suddenly got noticeably smaller and softer. There were still pharmacies willing to sell real stuff even without prescription. Or there are doctors down there that are willing to give prescriptions for whatever you need. Generally down there, the pharmacist will tell you, you tell them that you have an issue and they'll prescribe whatever you need. At least that's the way it was. And I guess it's not that way anymore though, Dave. I guess there's a lot of fakes in Mexico. You what? I have no idea. It's completely inappropriate. I spoke about going down to Mexico in the early days to buy stuff. There's a lot of fakes now in Mexico and there are underground labs that are on the shelves and some of them are fake underground labs. So it's especially at the border towns. And if you get away from that, you can get real testosterone, real provider on. But not a lot. It's not like it used to be. I knew people too who used to do that. I had a friend former training partner, Dave, and he told me stories of going down there and loading up on the injectable debol. He actually showed me a vial. It was like a long skinny vial. And it was water based mixed in B12. I forget the name of it. Yeah, I remember there are long 10 mills and 20 mills that were like really stupidly long skinny things that were weird. Yeah. Yeah, I suppose it's very similar to Turkey, it was for the UK. You used to be able to go to the Turkey, go to the pharmacist, they had catalogs on the on the cowards and you could just go through and pick what you wanted. Yeah. And some still do that, but then again, there is much more fakes of creeping into Turkey. I actually know someone who went to Turkey for some surgery. And the hospital prescribed them growth. Oh, okay. Yeah. And the growth is fake. Oh, you're kidding. You're kidding me. Because he message me and it was it was Lily. And I know Andrew does the investigations for Lily and he message me. He's got this Lily, but all the reference numbers all of serial numbers are the same. Oh, I said send me some pictures. I said send him to Andrew. I said, look, this guy legit, through a script, through a pharmacist and he's concerning a single a bit. And Andrew looks into him and no, that's all fake. We've flipped that. We haven't produced that. Wow. So yeah, it's much more of a problem there as well. So it seems like it's a very similar scenario. So I recently heard about Turkey. Now this is nothing I've done any research on. This is her second hand that a friend of mine has a client that was in Turkey for some other business thing. And she said, hey, you know, while I'm here, you know, should I pick up my my prescription estrogen and anything else? You know, because I can get it at the pharmacy. So then it turns out she tried in there was no place that would give it to her without a prescription. And I guess once again, guys, I'm not trying to spread rumors here, but then having regulations against trans that they don't want to be responsible for facilitating that type of thing. So that because of that, there has been crackdowns on the purchasing of hormones in Turkey. Great. Well, thank you. But no, you guys tell us, you know, but that's what I heard. I haven't spoke to anyone that's been over there for the source in for a while, but I do know that fakes are definitely much more prevalent than they used to be. Okay. So yeah, wouldn't surprise me. Alright, we had some other questions too. We can't get to all of them, guys. I wish we could leave them again, though, if we didn't get to your question, we'd be happy to tack along. We had a bunch of questions like this. Dave, what size protractor are you trying to get? And what platform are you running it on? Fellow gear head here? So what the plan is as each stands? So I have a Dodge Ram 5.7, hammy 2013 and I have replacing turn also. It's forge pistons, for the rods, everything else, a up he stood were forge crank, then I've added a come, which is heavy on the exhaust side. So it's more compatible with supercharging. I've added a 6.4 intake manifold, 6.4 throttle body and 6.4 calder intake and it's been tuned by FRP. And he's a hammy guy, if anyone knows it, he's an American, so it's a remote tune. It's got long head is, went enough to market custom system going back from there. Just a truck, you're telling us, there's a truck. Right, so that's what that's what the part I understood so far. There's two truck projects, so this is the first project. Okay. I'm going to be adding a upgraded fuel system from MMX and then I'm going to go with a stage two project so it will probably be, I'll get the code wrong as somebody will pull me, but I think it's a D1SC. So it's slightly above their standard project. Okay. We're going to call a balancer, etc, etc. That should give me in the region of around 650 rear wheel horse power. What do you need that for? Because it's fun. Hi, I'm going to do a transmission rebuild. In fact, the fucker was supposed to run you back in the accident, I'm just reminded me. So it's going to get a transmission rebuild, but the stock is got a 78 HP unit, so the stock transmission should handle the power as long as I'm not a decade with it and I don't enter me now. A lot of people said, why didn't I go with or want to go roots, why have I gone pro? Couple of reasons. Don't want those of high end to low end talk because it's not going to hook anyway. It's a big up, there's no way over the actual, so there's no reason for it. So it's more what I'm going to end up doing with it more likely than not is. I'll speak American, freeway cruising. Okay. When little people in their M3s and M5s think that they've got power, were they going to suddenly realize they're going to be embarrassed by a 12 year old pick-up truck, as it just did shoot soft and destroys them. So that's the base, it plus because it's my daily, a pro charge, it gives me much better fuel economy at normal driving. Okay. Guys, I gotta tell you, I've been in the car with Dave driving. I'm not going to say terrifying, but I'm looking for a little bit less than terrifying. That man who's T-shirt you're wearing, Alex? Yeah. Oh no, he's terrifying. He's terrifying. You guys, so the other thing is too that when you're in the UK and you're on the freeway, their fast lane is our slowly. So they cut over to the right and then just brick and hall. And it's kind of terrifying because I'm used to that being the lane, you want to be most careful on because I'm used to traffic coming in that side. Yeah. So it's very, it's very interesting. I did consider pushing things further, but I don't know how much power I can shove through a stock transfer case and difts. You know what? Well, I don't know if there's an aftermarket transfer case. I'd love to take the truck up to a thousand. Oh, but not real wheel crank, so a thousand at crank. I'd love to take the truck up to a thousand at crank, but it's what I'd need to do transfer case, etc. Difts in order to handle that sort of power. Obviously, a transmission rebuilds an obvious one, but I don't know what I'd need to do down to that power. And then the over project is the Nova. So I've got a 72 pro street Nova. That's cool, car. I like it. Which is a 427 big block. And that's what I thought of the pro charger was going to be going in. I think I know. No, no, no, no. I think I've got something up or something. I want to root charge around that. I'm going to put a, um, the blow around that. Okay. Now the truck is going to be running about 10, 10.1 10.4 compression, whereas the 427 is running 11.4. It's running T SW up here. I've got a few pistons. So 4, pistons. It's got Ohio, Ohio, crank, ARP heads, studs and everything. It's an overhead. It's already been ported. I don't know what the cam is. I need to try and find out what the cam is in that. But I want to put a roots type, blow around that. Okay. I don't even know this stuff you're saying, but I can imagine what it was so that's the thing that sits on top with a big belt. That's what I thought it might have been. The mad max looking thing. Yeah. Yeah. Um, so I want to put an 870 one on that. But the issue I have with that is that's only a two-bought main. And I don't know if it will stand it. I'm sort of of the force that will solid it put it on anyway. And if it tests, if it tests, they're making better than it's now. Then we, we, we, we, we need a new block anyway. So, well, as we'll break that block and get a new one. Um, but I don't know, uh, I'm moving an hour in on that weather. I go that far. And hey, shout out to Derek for helping you with the try to get a pro charger. Derek has been amazing. He has been really, really helpful and shout out to him and his boss. Just two seconds as well because I did want to say that, um, and don't know me do this sort of shit, but he stepped up and offered the support. So it was. So I did want to say that, oh he hasn't mentioned the company works for, but if he does, then I'd love to, uh, I'd love to give big him up because he's been really, really helpful. Do you think that they want to be mentioned on our show? I don't know. That's the point. I never thought that. Yeah. Yeah. So that's that's today. We'll find out because I know the website to his company, but I will find out before you, you know, maybe they're like, well, things a lot, but can you erase that? Because we don't want to be tidy. Yeah. Yeah. That's the case. I'm glad I haven't said the company knows. But yes. So that's that's the basic plan is is a stage two pro charger set with a DS1C. So in a cool, uh, Voverly sponsor. Um, what is the idea? Something here. I want to try to make a nice power. Let me ask you. So what's the, what's the average speed limit on your freeways? Seven to seven to you. You guys are miles per hour too, right? So I'm just trying to get a feel guys to explain to you a little bit. So we can all understand how they drive. So if the speed limit is 70, what's a good average speed limit or speed to do in a 70? I generally drive at 75. Maybe are you being truthful? No, if I'm on the boat, where I'll generally do 75, I do go quicker, but I will generally sit on the cruise control at 75. If it's quiet, I'll push you up to 80. Just depends with the speed cameras are. And what about what about if you need to get around people? Say there are some people doing things. You're like, oh, these guys are going slow and I need to zip. What's a reasonable amount to go in a 70 to get around people? You know, when you have justification to do so. Hey, oldy pens. Uh, I've been known to click 19 a hundred before now. I mean, there's when I run out to the lab, I've been known to to click one for you going there. Because there's no speed cameras or couple on that road very often. That's what when I drove with Alex, they were like, go real fast, real fast, and then all of a sudden slow down. Yeah, go. Yeah, see that box up there. That's a camera. I, if I know I'm on a camera road, I'll generally just sit at 75 because the camera is 10 to give you 10%. Okay. So I'll sit at 75 and that way I don't get a flash. If I'm on a long camera road, yeah, if oldy pens on what I'm doing and what I'm going, I'm quite happy to talk along some days of a day, so I'll give it some shit. I, uh, there was one one point when I was going to school in, in Erbor and there's this long stretch of country road and there was never anybody on it. And it usually was like a 25 minute drive from where I lived to get to an Erbor. And I found it and it was like a 50 mile an hour road. There were times Dave that I was getting to Ann Arbor in like 15 minutes. This is years ago when I was like 22 or something. Oh, I mean, years ago you could get away with a lot more. I ended up getting to take it though 140. I deserved it to. He was shocked. He was like, do you realize he was like a new copy? He realized how fast you were going. I was like, oh, he must have been paying attention. I don't know if you have it over there. We have what they call an average speed cameras. We might. I don't know. So what these are is cameras that are set up with a set distance in between them? Oh, so they take a picture when you pass the first one of the take a picture when you pass the second one and they time difference that to work out your average speed. So they're like, there's no way you could a gotten here if you were. So you can't speed. Where does a stock speed camera all you do is slow down for it and then you can speed back up again if you wish. When an average, you can't do that because it's based on the time difference between the two cameras. So you have to stick to the speed limit throughout. I could see that for sure. Well, we generally have about a 10% leeway. So I usually will sit so 5% over the speed limit. Yeah, we're 70 as well on the freeway. So you can do 75 all day. You really could get away with 80. A lot of people are driving. Nobody is driving 75 or nobody's driving 70. You know what I mean? It's all 75. I mean, I came back from Wales on Sunday and I pretty much not 75 most of the way. Okay. Yeah. But then I had to go to the Labs on the night. I'm very mind-adowned and driven about 500 miles at this point. And so I want that trip to be sure. It's like good. Yeah. So I sat 88. You've got most of the stuff. Your truck is not a lot of people have full size. US made pickup trucks out there. I wonder, so here pickup trucks are not going to stand out. They blend right in because every third, second or third person has one. Is that going to just, does that stand out on the road? They're like you think cops will notice it? Well, I said, we don't tend to see a lot of cops on the roads anymore. I've used it. We have, it's just the cameras. We have these traffic offices who are not police and therefore arrest you. They can record it. They can record evidence and recover their death. The traffic management and accident and stuff like that. Wow. Actually, highway cops which we used to have a fair chunk of. We don't see them very often now. It'd be honest. I mean, I say in that 600 miles I drove on Sunday. I don't think I saw one patrolling police car on the motorways at all. What about local? Like city and stuff. They tend to not bother unless you're one because they're not quick cars in the car catch you anyway. Okay. But they will radio it. Radio in. But yeah, I mean, what you can get over here is now the public can record you and send that in and you can get prosecuted that way. You're kidding me. No, now the car prosecuted the car prosecuted you for speed. Okay. Because it's not a calibrated speed check. So the car, but the car prosecuted you for driving like a dick. Oh, okay. Yeah. So people who use webcams to get people prosecuted for driving my dicks. Wow. That's rotten, man. I need to get somebody else in trouble like that. Keep to yourself. I mean, I don't have an over on the motorway before now. Quite a few times. I don't hope so. That's what is made for, right? But I've only just, you know, they will short blasts and little traffic light runs and stuff because I don't take it out of the strap because it's just a fun car. There's these guys that I saw online that one of them got arrested as name, he called himself speedbends. I think it was. And I might, I might be wrong on that name, something bends. But he was intentionally getting chased by cops, any of it is super car. So these guys will drive very fast cars and get into situations where then they outrun the police and they're like talking about like even outrunning, like you can outrun a helicopter in our Lamborghini if you have freeway, you know, that you can continue driving. And they've recorded all and then upload it. That's how one of them got caught. There's definitely young lads out. Maybe I don't have any some much now when I was growing up. There was definitely a lot's out here that would get a chase off the old bill. So they could test their driving skills and try and get away from it. What's the craziest thing you ever did on the road? Never really done. I've driven it speed, but I've always driven it speed where I felt it was safe enough to do. So I've never been one. There's particularly being one foot swimming in and now. Oh yeah, I played chicken with a mate of mine. Never did anything really, you know, but I did it. No, this is one thing. I played chicken with a mate of mine on the mo away and I pushed him off effectively. Yeah, did I actually touch him? I probably because it was full of fucking gear. Oh, so I'm hoping that during this first of all in my 20s. Okay. Yeah. And I pushed him off to the side of the road and looking for him that happened to be exit ramp. So we just went up there. Okay. Yeah. And that's as a friend. This is a friend. Don't me shit. I've done. Yeah. But generally my driving is not being super stupid. Good. And these days I use the speed when it is sensible to do so. Yeah. Yeah. I did one really dumb thing one time and I had my it was a Nissan little Nissan and it wasn't like a nice car or anything. And this is I was coming back from the gym and over on our fast lane, it was backed up because there was an exit on that side. And so you had to like stop and then go and then stop and then go. And when it was time to go, I tried to leave space and stuff. This guy tried to cut through the line and he had this little convertible car and he pulled right in front of me and pushes his way in. Like to the point right to stop on my break and all that. Dave, I got so mad at him and then he gives me the finger because I honk at him. Right. So I wait and went, you know, we're now we're stop and go and stop and then go and and when it was time to go, I drove around him on the shoulder and then pushed my way back and in front of him. He had so mad. He was like, he pulled out next to me. He was like pull over, pull over. He was like some 50 year old dude. He was like, dude, he was upset. I don't, I, I like, I would hit hit. Like it was one of, I guess kind of chicken because I was like, I'm going to hit him if he doesn't move. You had to let me in. Yeah, there was, um, time to go. There was one, um, it was raining. I was in the fast lane. There was a car in front of me. So it wasn't like I could go much faster. Yeah. All right. I wasn't right up the cars. I also was giving him plenty of room. I was giving him plenty of room because it was pissing down my rain. Yeah. And these cars all came up the back of me and started riding my bumper. I just take no one. It was like, I can't go anywhere. It's the way you're going to go. So you undertook me. So he pulled it, took me on the wrong side. Oh yeah. Yeah. And then started hurling abuse. Okay. So so he got it back. So he's signaled to come off the motorway and I was like, yeah, you're fucking right. So I followed him off and he pulled up on the label. And on these guys got a young kid in the car with him as well. This is the bit that I thought was just ridiculous. So I pulled off and he gets out being the big one. So I got out. So he got back in his car. And you're big guy and tried to get me to follow him is like, yeah, right, dumbfuck. So he drove off and I just got back on the motorway and went on the way. But, uh, yeah, I, I, I don't, I don't. Shall we suffer as a roadway? She's terrible for it. Well, and for me, I doesn't bother me. He's like, you want to be a dick, be a dick. I, I just like, you be a dick, you know what I mean? It's pointless. I let it go nowadays too, man. There's, I just tried to, yeah, there's no sense, dude. And plus here you will, you could get shot. You don't know what to say on this. Well, yeah, I mean, to be honest, it may be not a shot, but getting attacked is definitely something that I'm more conscious of these days, because little ticks carry knives and then they, they, he's not that they're brave enough to use them. They're just super enough to use. They might. Yeah. Yeah. Um, but yeah, I mean, the other thing is it's just like, okay, I mean, yep, you end up, and this, this is sort of makes a little bit of life a vice for today, actually. All right. You end up creating more stress and negativity for yourself. Yeah. By getting wound up by this situation, then you do for the person that's causing it. And if you just let them go, let them run and rave and fucking have that anger day and just, yeah, what a fuck off, I'm interested. Yep. And then it doesn't cause you any harm. Does it? Yeah, dude. Either way, you're going to, yeah, I'm 100% with you. I try to do the same thing nowadays and not get involved in all that stuff, because yeah, I mean, it's the, okay. I mean, it's going to be nice having a trope with that soda power that if somebody in a semi quick, uh, thinks they're clever, you can just go, oh, so you're going to be able to be faster than most of those cars on the street than just what you're telling me. So I, it's a box on wheels and so that's a not way, but I will have 650 horsepower going to the road. And what do you, well, like, what do you currently have now? 300, uh, a bit. Okay. So literally more. No, no, even that actually needs 400 of cranker and later that's a stock 5.739545 of the cranker. So what you're going to remember, I don't know, I, yeah, the power coming out of the engine is significantly reduced, but a time it gets to the wheel. Okay. The more mechanical you links you having that, the more power you lose because my trucks for wheel drive, it goes through a transmission, then it goes through a transfer of case, I lose more power. Yeah. So a 720 McLaren, it's a 720 McLaren, because it has 720 and 20 horsepower at the crank and puts somewhere between 650 and 680 on the road. Okay. So I will have the equivalent power on the road has a 720 McLaren, which is super car. Yeah. Yeah. In granite you're selling the light, little supercar, but but can you imagine a man that's spent an excessive 150,000 pound on his supercar to have an old American truck keep up with him. That is going to be funny. Yeah. What have you got? You need to get those dash cams is what you need so you can record this stuff. 3D, what do they do? They have the 360 cams that float behind your car. You need one of those. But yeah, so a silly things like that will amuse me. I appreciate that. Guys, we appreciate your tuning in. Thanks for hanging with us. And of course, go to evelbladinalesis.com, get your labs done by Dave. Go to supplementsourced.ca for Canadians. They have great deals that change week the week. Strong sports dot com that strong sports nutrition. There's a little comment section there when you place your order. You can tell them that Dave and Scott say hello. We're just giving some crap. Tell them what should they say to Richard? I don't know. Something something me. Something awful. Something get on his feet. He's just telling the MMAs just to excuse to sniff of a man's crutches. There you go. That sounds good. It's just, you know, you can't argue with you, you're his customer. The customers always write. Also go to truetutrition.com. You're going to go over there. And we appreciate tuning in and leave us questions for the next show. If you haven't subscribed yet, guys, what are you doing with your life? Hit the subscribe button, hit the bell. For another episode of the podcast with Dave Crossland, we will see you soon. Thanks, guys. And thanks, Dave. And don't forget to contribute to the supercharge of funds because the cart forward it. So I need to save up so any help or poor money, you know, need speed.