What's up guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweat and Gear with coaches. Skip Hill, Andrew Barry and myself, Scott McNaley. All of our programming is brought to you by you, the people of Patreon. Thank you guys for joining us. Thank you for all your support. If you're new to our content, let me encourage you to subscribe and hit the bell guys. We have several bodybuilding podcasts that come out each week today. We're talking with Skip and Andrew. The three of us have been coaching for a long time. We're going to try to show help share our education with you. We've also got a bunch of other stuff. And we're brought to you by treenutrition.com. Use our code, think over there, and supplement source.ca for our Canadians. Let's jump straight into some late training. We didn't talk training on the last episode. So this is from James. He's over at Patreon. We try to give part priority to Patreon people. He says, when it comes to conventional squats, is it more beneficial to go parallel compared to the old asked to grasp depth? I've noticed when I've moved past parallel, I end up getting really sore, like injury kind of sore in my right hip flexor for the next several days. But when I go parallel, I don't experience this at all. Also, oh, and then he had a question for Dave. So that was something else. What an Andrew? I mean, I guess I go back and forth on this because I think it just depends on the person's anatomy. Right? Since if you're a really tall person, it's probably not a great idea to go ask to grasp. If you're a really really tall person, like a basketball player, you're probably not doing back squats. You're going to be doing front squats because you're femur length. So that plays a role in do it as well. There's so many factors. And then we're talking about the hip pain. Okay. Is that something that you need to be working mobility-wise or is it just directly related to going as low as you're going? So what's the last thing most bodybuilders want to do is mobility work, at least when you're young. When you're in your 20s to 30s, that's a foreign word. Like you don't even understand what that means. You have no idea what warmups mean or mobility or pre-hab or any of that stuff. You get the 30, 32 that you start to perk up and start paying attention and doing all these little like different exercises, stretches, warmups. You get the 36, 37, 38. That's a good 20 minutes before you even start lifting away. And then you start going to the Swiss, right? It's good. Exactly. And the kids understand why the thermographic is happening. It's a good thing. I'm listening to Andrew. That's exactly what I'm thinking. Yeah. Are there were there any 22 to 25 roles in that audience? No, we're. But it was a limited, and it was a concern of theirs. And they were trying to reach a younger demographic. And I get it. I understand that the people who are in tune with that type and that quality of information are people who have dealt with injuries or they seem coming down the pike and they're trying to be preventative or they're trying to fix injuries that they've already had so that they don't have them again. So it's an experienced audience. Let's put it down. We'll put another way, too. If you're a 20 to 25 year old guy and you don't have a ton of injuries yet, but you also don't have a ton of money to spend on education for that kind of stuff. It's either like, hey, I could buy my next cycle for the next, you know, for months, or I could spend that same amount of money to go to somewhere where it's a valuable information. It doesn't necessarily apply to me yet. Like if you asked me when I was 22 to 25, I ain't going to, you know, I'm not going to Swiss. I'm not paying 4, 500 bucks for a ticket. Even though it's going to be valuable information for me in the future, there's just a lot more things, other things that I have to spend that money on. Yeah. And it definitely will put you if you are in that younger demographic going to Swiss would put you ahead of the game. It's your and team. It's just I agree with with what you're saying in the Wander. It's just not something that had an priority list gets pushed to the top. It's like, oh, go next year. Well, if you wait long enough, they may not continue to do it, so it not do it as frequently. So there's that. You know, the hip pain that got me, I was almost waiting for it because ultimately depth comes in. I agree with everything and you're said, ultimately depth in the squat comes down to like he's like you said, flexibility mobility. It's that pelvic tilt that you have to watch out for as soon as the hips start to tuck under and they basically pose the turn posterior. You're in when you're young, you can get away with it because you know, your SI and everything else is kind of rubbery. It's a little wider. Yeah, exactly better. Much better word. I like rubbery though. It's anyway. Probably a little more reliable. Um, if you're going to get away with a lot of things that you're not going to get away with 10 years later, 15 years later. So I say go to the depth that you can get before your hips start to turn under. And that's not just for squatting. That's for leg pressing. That's for, um, it's a reason not to do vertical leg process because of any leg press or leg compound leg exercise that you could do. That one is usually going to provide the most vulnerable because, you better use a short range of motion on that. In fact, I'd go as far as say just use it for calves because it's great for calves and a huge vulnerability for any type of quad training. But that's, um, and mobility because if you do have tight hamstrings or, you know, you have tight hip flexors, piriformis, whatever. It could just be that you need to be more flexible and then you can get more depth. But I don't think anybody's losing. And if you ask me this 20 years ago, I would have had a different answer. I don't think anybody is losing leg size going to parallel versus dropping below. I really don't. I think that one of the biggest mistakes made was squatting these days is that it's more of a power lifting. Um, or people who do more power lifting squats where they're, they're more, better, better, better not as upright and what that does is I think it's one of the main reasons it glutes an ad-after development has gone out of control in my opinion. The quads are arguably, you know, they could be better. But when you factor in the ad-haters and the glutes and how much bigger the ad-haters and glutes are, I don't think the legs are that much more impressive. It's kind of like this. Like saying, would you want to add eight inches to your chest back measurement, but add six to your waist? I don't want to keep my glutes in my hips as small as possible. And building my legs is big as they can get. And I don't think squatting is, and I know that I'm kind of going off on a tangent here. So I'll try to keep it from doing that. But I think that the squatting is overrated for bodybuilders as far as high-perjury fees concern. I said it. I stand by it and that's what I have. Now there are some people who can squat and they'll get great light development from it. But I think it's kind of more the exception to the rule and that those people are more outliers or they accept you rule. Power? Sprint? Great. What do you pick? What do you guys pick for, say, like you're looking for overall quad development? What's your go to? I want more quad down in an exercise for pressing. And if you get into a Smith machine, you can play with your foot placement so much more. That's it. I was going to say things like that. There's just more control over the angles in the foot hip position than when you're free. You know, free weight? No, not about squatting. Also this because I mean, you guys have both commented on Nate's Spears leg development and how he's really brought him up over the last couple years. You know, we still go very heavy. But the weight is not the important factor. I mean, we're still trying to be progressive with the weight, but feeling it in the quads on our quad day. That is the important factor. You know, so like, you know, with the hacksquads, you know, we're putting our feet in the position where we're going to get our knees over our toes enough that it's putting the tension on the quads. We're not using the glutes. We're not using hamstrings to lower back to help. Same thing with, you know, even something as simple as the lunge, you know, making sure you're biasing those towards your quadriceps versus your glutes and hamstrings. You know, because you can lean forward a little bit and you can get a little more ham glue development or activation, or you can keep your chest upright and then purposely push your knee over your toe as you're taking those steps to get that quadric activated more. So yeah, I think like you said skip, it's, you know, picking exercises, but then doing them in a way that's going to bias them towards the quads. That's, that's the most thing. It doesn't, I don't think the exercise selection necessarily matters. It's making sure your bias in him towards the quads. Yeah. All right. What else do we have here? Well, this one won from the live stream. He says, you ever get tired or disappointed working with competitors. I find that when you have someone grateful willing to learn hardworking and respectful, it's such a rewarding journey. But unfortunately, I often see people with egos, especially when they're not, especially when they're not first time competitors, that you end up wanting to, they want to argue everything and tell them, you know, basically the things should be done differently. This is a touch you in for me. Yeah. It is because I don't want to send the message that I don't like working with competitors because I do, but I'm going to be completely honest. I pulled back from it in 2012 because it was getting to the point where I felt like it was the pain of my existence. I didn't like the type of person that I was dealing with more often than that. And what I did come to realize is this, I don't, it may happen more with competitors, but it's based more on that person's personality, personality and and almost character traits, like as an example. If they're trying to be careful here because I don't, you know, I want to be respectful, but I want to be honest. If a person comes to me and has or thinks that they have all of this knowledge and they want to impress me with their knowledge, it is not going to work. I know because I've been doing what I do so long that they are going to battle me. They're going to challenge me and everything. And here's the catch. I don't mind. I have no, my current clients and anybody who's working with me, well, not anybody. There are going to be some who need disagree because they fall into the category of the target mouth, but not a ton of them, but still. If, if you respect the knowledge of your trait, and this is how I look at it, if you're going to pay me and you know my reputation, you know who I am. I naturally assume that you respect my knowledge and my experience or you wouldn't be coming to me. If you have all the answers, then just prep yourself. Or at least tell me in the beginning, I just want to second set of eyes. I want to balance ideas off of you. And I want to kind of, you know, I want to be a big part of the decision making process. I might be willing to do that if the client is willing to accept that if they don't come out where they want to be. I didn't have total control over the entire plan and making the decisions myself. They can definitely get like, sorry, I was going to tell you. I just, I've been in that position and it's, it's a tough one. I had a big one, a big, higher profile pro who I made a mistake and I compromised on an approach. And then was in my opinion, scapegoated and ended up not, you know, ended up losing that client. And it really left a bad taste in my mouth. And in part, it was my fault, but there was confusion on what needed to be done, what was being done, whether the plan was being executed or whether it was being changed and it was found out later that was changed. And so, and I think we've all had those situations. They're not common. But when you do it long enough, those things do leave a little bit of a bad taste in your mouth. And I, it just speaking for myself, it's like, I think it's more of a personality trait than it is a competitor. Though competitors are more OCD, they're more black and white. They are, they sometimes aren't terribly compromising yet the good ones. The ones who are soldiers and they execute, almost always are better and go further in progress. And I'll leave it at that. I just sent you a message, Scott of a story that I put up the other day because literally everything that Skip is saying was going through my head on that day. Just check in after checking with competitors was just making me face palm over and over again. And you sent it on Instagram or? No, I texted it to you. Okay, I'm waiting for it to come through then my computer's almost a little sometimes. I thought your phone was upstairs. I might make it a little skip. Oh, I said, no, it says it's that. Yeah, it's anyway. Yeah. Might be on my phone. Yeah, that's scary. I like that. So, I'll just point to execute. Just because you use the word that I've always used and I think we've agreed it when we both spit it out together on the phone one day skip soldiers, right? You know, you're hired us for a reason where the general or commanding officer. And unless we have this arrangement where it's a second set of eyes, right? Now, I have that relationship with several clients because we've been together long enough. Yeah. Can practically come to the same conclusion or the person knows that I respect them enough to listen to what they're saying as I slightly different approach. Okay. My, I just made a post and it said, the longer I do this, the more I realize that when working with the coach, I was a dream client. I literally followed the plan. I didn't ask ridiculous questions regarding unrelated variables that I mentioned. I just followed the plan. Okay. Now, and I got to say that us and podcasts like us and educators out there, we are partly to blame for this because we impart this information that people didn't have. Ten, 15 years old. Oh, dude. It's terrible nowadays. How much there is. It's so much. So much information. And to skip to point about, you know, I think bringing up variables or trying something different. We set you on a plan. It's not that we don't know those variables that you're talking about. It's just that we don't think that they are something that we need to address right now, right? It's we set this plan in motion. And again, we always say coaching is basically reacting, right? We started a plan. We want to see how it's going. And we will make those changes. Like, we're competent enough people to do that because we've replicated it with thousands of athletes on stage over the years coming in and shape winning pro cards, winning classes, etc. So, I mean, I could really go down attention on this because sometimes when I start thinking about it, it just, you know, it's quite like just fall in line, just do what I'm asking please, you know. But so I do think, you know, like I said, we're part of the problem there in a sense with educating people with with some of these answers, but then people get a glimpse of what we're talking about and don't necessarily know how to apply it properly. But I do want to finish with because skip had a, had a poor situation with a top level client who kind of threw them under the bus for, for pulling some autobiles, right? I've had a client where we had a great season last year. We brought him into his best shape. He looked ridiculous. He won his class at the cutler. He wouldn't mind me saying his name. It's Jeffrey Sue. He did a great job. Okay. And he came in a shape. But then he wanted to go into Eastern's and he wanted to try some different approaches on his own. And just kind of, you know, throwing the ideas at me, I really kind of stop commenting because I just like, hey, you're doing this one on your own. I don't want to mess this up for you. Yeah. And it did not work as well. He didn't look as good. But he was the first to say that he pulled these autobiles. He didn't try to throw me under the bus and say, I, you know, I did something wrong. He took full any, send me a great message afterwards. And, and we're working together still, you know. And so, and he's a good coach himself too. So he wanted to try something that didn't work out. But he didn't throw me under the bus by saying that I set him up on this plan. And I respected that just as much as I was disrespecting the client that did that to you, skip because we know who we're talking about. So there is some good. There is some bad there. But I could go off on tangent for hours on this. Just just be a soldier if you hire us. Just get in line. Thinking about this from both of your stories, I think at times it can get, it can make your job harder. It, my job harder as a coach when somebody starts thinking that like, well, what if we did things differently? Especially if they're not at a level like you, like you said Andrew, you know, you're listening to information online. And you get an idea and you say, oh, well, what about this? You know, it could be hard. I prefer, you know, I'll use an example of a guy that I've worked with for over a year now. He's doing really good at this moment. Like, things have really come together and I've seen him really evolve. When we first started working together, he told me, now, I only use these two compounds for his cycle. He's like that that's just what works for me. And he had a very specific way of doing it. It didn't really make a lot of sense to me. And I didn't think it was really ideal for his goals either. And I just, so I was like, okay, I'm hands off. You know, if somebody wants to do that, I'm like, I'm hands off with that. That's fine. You know, we can still reach your goals. So he wasn't getting on stage. Like we still reach your goals and everything. It's just that's what you're doing with the antibiotics. I'll handle everything else. Good. So I finally kind of, next time he was going to run a cycle. I came around to him and I was like, hey, would you be open to trying something new? And it was, it took some additional explaining, you know, but at the end of the day he trusted me. And what's been really cool is to see his perspective opened now because it worked out really well. And it, but it, I'll tell you, as a coach, it takes a lot more investment of time and energy and patience to kind of go through that and explain things. And the thing I was thinking in your story, you skip. I'm just kind of commenting on all this. It's almost like, if I'm the navigator, then you're the driver. And that, you know, the clients, the driver. That's the way I say it. I'm navigating, you know. And if we start having a conflict, man, it can go south really fast. Like it can be. It can go, it can go. It's a question. I used to compare something that I handed the tools to build your dream home. And if you start smacking yourself in the face with a hammer, that's not my problem. I mean, I'm not telling you to hit your faith yourself in the face. But as far as explaining things, I mean, you know, my clients will say, I have no problem. I expect that trainers will give the wise in the house. Like it's like versus oh, it's a guarded secret. And usually a guarded secret means I don't have the answer. So just do what I told you to do. And I've told clients before, if you're not working with me or working with someone else, if the trainer can't explain to you why they want you to do something, then you ought not to be doing it. Because if they can't, if there's no reason or they can't explain it, then I know I would question it. I wouldn't want to know why. That's not the issue with me. I don't have any problem explaining things. What happens though is over the explanations you start to pick up. Oh, okay. It much like Andrew was saying, there's so much information. This isn't happening 15 years ago, 20 years ago. It's not the explaining. It's not the explaining of why we're doing something that gets to be tiring. It's the explaining of why we're doing this and not this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this. I'm selling you. Yeah, I don't want to sell you. If it's not a salesman, I'm just a cook guy. I'm not going to sell you to work with me, and I'm not going to sell you on my methods. This is what you came to me to do. So, and this is why this will work this way. Skip loading works this way. Now, rarely do I get somebody who comes to me and doesn't know what skip loading is. But when I do, then I have to explain this is why. And I have no problem. No problem with that. So, it's, it's just when it gets down into the, oh man, he's, this client doesn't, doesn't trust the process. This is going to be, this is going to be tough. And it doesn't happen all that often. I'll go through phases where it just like Andrew said. It does get to you and it just, it just becomes this giant eye roll. It's just, just do it. Just do it and watch how it works. And there have been other times where those same people go, okay, I didn't think that would work. It worked. But then it's just continued to challenge you because that's their personality. That is their characteristic of them. They're very, I don't even know that it's controlling. I'm sure some people are, but there's some type A in there for, you know, I ended up, one of my, one of my clients and he's a good guy. I ended up that we, on good terms, part of ways because I said, I, you have the knowledge to be able to do this yourself and make the, the, these decisions and these calls on your own. You have been making a lot of these calls on your own anyway and telling me later what you did. So save the money, save the hassle, let's save the tension and just do it on your own. And that way you can own that success and your progress all on your own. Hey, what's off, guys? I've a lot of people who reach out to man, a regular basis who are trying to more effectively reach their goals. One of the biggest mistakes I see people make is that they're not getting enough protein. And there's only so much chicken breast we can eat through the day, but we can easily add a high quality protein supplement to boost those numbers. Triniatrician has just about every protein powder you can think of from high quality weight isolate. If you don't tolerate lactose, then you can use their beef isolate or you could use their P protein isolate. If you don't eat animal products, they literally have everything you can think of. I believe in them for like a decade before they advertised with us. And they never went out of their way to say like, hey, we want to promote our stuff through you. I literally asked them because it's a company that I believe in and at the end of the day, I want to see you guys reach your goals as effectively as possible. So if you use our code, thank you, Triniatrician, you'll get some savings, you'll help to support our programming, and you'll get some high quality products to more effectively reach your goals faster. Hardest training block you've ever had. It doesn't necessarily even have to be the heaviest or the highest volume or the or the one which you made the most progress. But more along the lines of most mentally exhausting, challenging training that you've ever done. I can that's easy for me. The 100 rep defend us. And he's down here in Del Rey, I didn't know that until about six months ago, but he trains people down here in Del Rey. And I was training there for a while with powerhouse in Del Rey, I was hoping to bump into him because he got owned it to my Anderson. He was good friends with John Defendants and then trained with him for a long time, but he ended up getting close down the powerhouse. It never did officially open, he ran into problems, but that John Defendants training. And apparently the guy is still jacked and huge at like 60. 60. There's 60 in his early 60s. See, like real intense, too. Oh man, like he's under arrest. Oh he's like. Yeah. Yeah. And not only that, but high volume. I mean, it's just insane training. That is easily the most demanding I've ever done and I have and I never went back to. I think I did it for two weeks and I just wanted to die. I would say probably 2018 contest prep where it was just injury after injury, trying to work around it. But then also like I tore a verse, he sat off my hip, I tore my thigh system, a day before the show. Two days before the show. But and it was one of those preps where like I've just probably shouldn't have committed that year, but being headstrong. Like I was on zero carbs and very low fats at like six weeks out, two and a half hours a cardio, eventually two and a half hours a cardio. On top of three, twenty minute walks a day. Like it was a very mentally and physically demanding prep. So yeah. So and you know, if your body's not in a great state, that's what made the training hard. You know, because it wasn't like I did a hundred prep sets or you know, I was following one of John Meadows programs. I believe at the time. I just remember going into the gym every day, legs felt heavy. You know, lifting my arms up to do side lateral raises without any weight already felt like I had twenty minutes. That like that kind of hard, you know, so did you feel if you lost much size relative to other shows when you got that week that year? I don't think so. Okay. Well, okay, my legs were definitely downsized by the end of that prep because the amount of cardio I had to do and I couldn't train them effectively. Like I was on, I think I tore the the burse you like a like at seven weeks out. Me and they were doing leg press just on a warm up set, right? And it had been hurting me more and more every week for about four weeks until finally just pop. And like he had to grab the weight and pull it off me. And then of course, being an idiot, I tried to do squats right after that and I tried to go down once and I almost fell backwards. But but for most of that prep, I was on leg extensions like curls, um, add doctor, a abduction, abduction and then some like three quarter rep hacks squats. Like it even then, it was still excruciating. So yeah, I definitely like I wasn't able to train my legs effectively. So yeah, I had one work or one kind of season where that like I got into shape and then I just decided like keep going keep going and I was like, I don't care if I lose muscle type thing. I came in. It would ballpark would have been about 15 pounds lower than I did the previous year or previous season, which was like 18 months ago. And I, you know, I was absolutely peeled, but I definitely was like absolutely depleted. And I definitely came in smaller. I remember that. I wouldn't even call it like the most intense for me just because it was like I couldn't get any momentum. You know what I mean? It was just like, I remember that was one time that like Shelby actually was like kind and like took away for me and racked it. You know, like he was thinking of me when we were training together. Yeah. But I will say this. I remember when I first started training with him that it was like, I wasn't used to the length of the workouts. We trained like two and a half, three hours. And and there's like a good amount of volume. And it took me a while to build up my, it was just like the conditioning to be able to do a workout for that long. And and then after about six months, I could handle it. And it was VJ and I both started training with him at the same time. And after about six months, I could hang with that and I could do that. But then somebody else would pop in from out of town or something to workout with us. They couldn't hang. They couldn't do it. Like you would just be utterly wrecked. And because I remember that first six months, I was like, utterly wrecked. Like just like unhealthy. Like I felt like it. I did the way I used to explain it was after I trained. I felt like I'd been in a car accident. Like not like anything in particular hurt, but I just felt like my central nervous system was just like screwed up. You know, and you get a walk. Yeah, that was a whole lot of what's. You know what I mean, random things are locking up on you. But then after six months of that, I got used to it. And I think I was better for it. So did we really need to do all that? Yeah, obviously it wasn't the best for me. I didn't like turn pro doing it for Shelby. Yeah, worked for him. Yeah, worked for him really well. You know, he just needed a couple other knuckleheads to be able to push him through to make sure he's doing it. And if you're willing to do that, you know, that's the amount of volume and time I need. But yeah, I fucked those other guys. They might be better off in an hour and ten minute, you know, hit type training program where. But for him, he's like, now I just need another set of eyes there to make sure I'm still going hard. You know, two hours in do it. Well, I kept training with him even beyond the point that I knew it was beneficial for me. Because I loved it was fun. You know, I loved the workouts. I started going to more higher frequency except for back day. I still kept for the longest time. I still kept back one day a week every Wednesday. Yeah. What else do we have here? I know we had a bunch more of did the squat question. How about this one here? We did that T3 question. We did that one. We did this one. Skip. Where's your questions at? I said, I'm not sure. You're not a group text. Sorry. Didn't he realize it until later? Got it. Got it. Got it. Okay. So the next one is, sorry guys. That's what happens when I talk at the end of a topic and then I'm not prepared. We talked about melanocindosing just recently. We've been talking about that a lot lately. What are your thoughts on running pre-mo with my T or T at a one-to-one ratio? I have problems with high rumoursization of estrogen. At just 60 milligrams of test per week, my Astridile was 35. I'm hoping that if I run 100 pre-mo in 100 tests, maybe I can get my test high enough to feel good and maintain muscle, but not have to take an AI. How do they know? I'm trying to figure, is insane you have taken an AI with an estrogen of 35? No, but I think he wants to bring his test up, but he's just assuming that he's all going to have to take. And I'm saying, well, if you haven't taken your test up and then test it your estridile, how do you know yet? That's not where I would go. It's not always just this clear cut. If you're on this TRT dose or even this natural dose, your estrogens here, won't you bring your test up? Because we've seen people that they might be taking 600 milligrams of testosterone and no other drugs and their estridile stays completely normal. So I'm saying advice to him, I would bring your test up, maybe another 200 milligrams, and then test it two, three weeks in, test your estridile two to three weeks in, and see if you do require the use of an AI. Are you asking about creamo? Yeah, right. Well, I would do just test theosterone first, so then he get that information. And then if it is high, I would definitely go with the creamo. Yep, man. All right, what else do we have here? Okay, we covered. Yeah, we covered, I was just going to that actually. We covered this on drugs and stuff earlier this week. You read my mind. It really could be either female or male, but it says hey guys, I'm a female from the UK, competing in the US later this year. I'd like to follow my normal gear protocol coming into the show. But I'm unsure if I'd be able to take the small amount of gear with me. It's all tablet form in my suitcase. This would be a few tabs of Winnie and Clint. I take 20 micrograms of Clint per day and 10 milligrams of Winnie per day leading into the show. And I also have a few tabs of Anna Droll the night before in morning of the show. I'm most likely going to arrive three days before the show. Can you please give me any advice? I'm worried that if I drop my client that it will interfere with my car bloat, etc, going into the show, thanks. I would absolutely pack in vitamin bottles and this isn't professional advice. I'm just saying what I would do. I'm going to pack it in some vitamin bottles. No one knows it doesn't say Winstrawly legal steroids on it. You know, and just follow your normal regimen if you've had success with it. No, no. Let me tell you, when we were, we had Nate went to Canada and we had for the Vancouver. And we were trying to, we talked to Ron Partlo about maybe possibly getting some stuff for us. Should we need it? Yes. But we go all through customs and all that. They didn't even look at us. We're like, we could have brought Fracking GH. We could have brought like anything. They didn't ask to open our bags. They didn't look at anybody's. Like there was literally just a conveyor belt line of people. And they just let us write in. They're so polite up there. It's not always that way. I promise you. I know. That was what told me a story where he got like strip searched. And like he had a TRT prescription and they held him there in the office for like three hours until they could get a hold of his doctor to verify if it was a real prescription. Oh, you're kidding. Really? I think we'll get him. I remember John was peel his face. Look like Skeletor. Oh, you could hide that face. You couldn't hide all face. No, no, no. There's a six-convient. There's a six-convient. That looks like like a shredded hell boy. Yeah. It's on the internet somewhere. It was a video when him and Sean, Sean, and Sean, I think it was the Vancouver and John got like fourth. So it would have been 2016, I believe, or 15. And they're all in a limousine afterwards. I think Ford did the show too. And his face. And of course, we talked about the last show about how some people can get in a contest shape and have that moon face still. Yeah. Sean still has the moon face, right? You wouldn't know. He was peeled out of his mind underneath the clothes. But John, like you could see like the different scratch marks on the bones of his body. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely a certain look. And I bet, yeah, you see his face. You wouldn't even have to know if he was bigger or not. But that's another question, though, is how Jack does she look? I'm guessing by your cycle, she's probably not like women's open body building. And she's probably not going to go through wearing like, like, you know, leggings and a tank top. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, I think there's something we said too about. We'll just don't wear a tank top or a tube top. Yeah. Cover up. Yeah. Play it low key. No thought is to get a, you know, domestic, just talk to people who live here, you know? You mean like, people on the show? No, no, don't talk to people on the show. I'm kidding. Yeah. Hit up skip it, teams skip that kind of. The male. That works too. Yeah. Yeah. But it's going through custom. Yeah. I'd be more apt to just bring it in the models. Yeah. Okay. Because I said the male before, because I've done that domestically is what I always, you know? Domestic, different. Yeah. Okay. Thoughts on growth. I am or sub Q. Yes. I think you're sub Q. I thought you were a sub Q guy, and you're not. Listen, I'm lazy. If I was wearing a tank top in my chest was right here, and I was taking it after workout, I just go like that. If I, my arms were exposed, that's what my tricep. Well, if I should stop. Yeah. Yeah, man. Like, sometimes I do sub Q. Sometimes I do I am. It literally depends on, oh, there's some, put in my quad sometimes. Like, it just, it wasn't a thought out process because GH is going to work no matter where and when you put it. What are you doing? Yeah. I'm usually, I am. I mean, I'll go in my rectus femurus or outer part of my lower quad just because, you know, there's always that part of the train that comes. Just in case. Yeah. Yeah. The three extra cells that want to grow locally. You know what I mean? That sort of weird thing. Yeah. It's usually, I put a lot of shit in my body because it's just so easy. Insulin, everything else. I don't know. I do my insulin right before I, you know, work out usually at the gym and it's easy to drop it into your quad without having to take you shirt off or sweatshirt or something like that, too. So whatever's convenient. But I'm just going to do that. What do you guys took, um, carnitine? Where would you put it? I haven't taken injectable carnitine a lot, but I put it in my quans. I'm one of those guys that, you know, a lot of people hate quans. I've, I've got more scar tissue in my quads, and I don't even my delts. But in my quads, because they're just right in front of your face. Like, I think I get my glutes seven times in my entire life. I can't, I can inject what I can see. Really? Yeah. My kind of inject what I can't see. I have to hold it backwards. Try to punch it with a small finger. My pinky thumb. No. I'm not doing that. You got to monkey arms like me then. Yeah. My wife wouldn't be a lot of shock. So, too. Yeah. I would never, I don't put oil in my quads. That one batch hot was all I needed. Even though I was actually my third batch hot, but to the point where I couldn't even like flex it and I had opposing session with Kenny Wallick and, or she comes up and he smacks my leg. He's like, why don't you flex in this one? I'm like, getting, I felt that one go up and down my spine. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I had an F.S. in my quad one time. I've never been a, I've never been a big quad fan. I'll do out carnitine stuff. I'll do either like shoulder or a tricep. I'll do tricep as well. No. But I've taken small amounts. Now that you can get like the 600 milligrams and I'll do like a half milliliter, something like that 300 milligrams, which I'm going to get back on that pretty soon. It's like number fire. Memorizing. Memorizing. Yeah. I've stayed away from it. I never met you for that reason. Oh, really? Never met for that. I'm not taking a bite of it. I'm not taking a bite of it. I've been taking three C.C. Every day. I was taken three C.C. That every prep. I know I was when it was because it was higher volume. And I just and I will never inject one side and not the other. So it was always bilateral. I always have done that. I will always continue to do that. We had a question here. Let's see. Make it the last question of the day here. Guys, love the show. Do milligrams matter more than the compounds? No. Trying to see what you're trying is a good example right there. I mean, it's just so. Yeah, when you get together with the others like the testing key. Yeah, it could be argued that you know, they go away. They go away. There are some compounds. I think that don't qualify for the milligrams. Total milligrams, you know, think about a thousand milligrams of trend versus a thousand milligrams of testosterone, seven eight. There's the big difference there. What about like say three grams of premable and versus a thousand milligrams, or one gram of trend? Well, yeah, but that's different. I mean, because all, okay, it's just saying all things being equal. Yeah, like a kilogram. Right? Is that a gram of failure? Yeah, that's right. Okay, okay, I gotcha. I gotcha. I gotcha. I thought if someone's like, well, if I could do, I could either do some tests and 500 milligrams of trend, or I could do some tests and two thousand milligrams of mass wrong, which one do you think's healthier? Yeah, it's just like is one milligram of test. The same as one milligram of vantage wrong kind of thing. Oh, no. Not, not the test. No, when you put it that way, no. Scott just did a muscle minds with me, but that we go deep into this idea that all compounds are equal. And there's been kind of a belief, believe it or not, throughout the bodybuilding community, that, like, it doesn't really matter what you're taking. If you're taking pre-mo, or you're taking test, that you're gonna basically more or less get the same effect. And I think there is something to be said for, like, you know, whatever works best for you, like you said before, skip, and we're talking about, like, hey, if pre-mo, we did the pre-mo versus decka, which is better, you know, on the other episode. And you're like, well, which do you respond to, like, do you get side effects? Like, some people, they don't do good with decka, you know? Some people, like you said you don't do really good with pre-mo. So there's that. But then looking at the science of it, the study Scott had showed that, like, basically, like, his analogy, which I thought was so good, was that if you take, like, most of your commercial cars out there, and you drive them all as fast as you can, they're all gonna go like around 120, 130 miles an hour. Like, if I take, like, you know, my mini compared to, you know, Victoria's Honda, you know, like these cars, they're all, if we take them on the free, we open them up. They all kind of might level off at a certain point. If we went to, like, you know, multiple grams, but the nuances are different in the lower ranges, so that you, you're gonna see more difference in various compounds in those ranges that we're more likely to take them. Yeah, I mean, I can certainly see where that's possible, but I, I mean, I'd rather drive a modded M5 than I would have, Kia, I'd rather, you know, I don't know. Well, you're not gonna take them all to, you know, because like, some of those are granted. I was, I was thinking, for we're below that threshold. Right. So we're more, the most power, with most torque, you know, out of the smaller doses, and I think it's still, I mean, I don't think Scott would say that I don't think he would think that 500 milligrams of trends, equivalent to 500 milligrams, pre-mode. No, no, no, he's, like I said, he, that's the common belief is that all compounds are created equal, right? Yes. It's got, we say, if you take a ton of each one of them, then yeah, there's a certain point where like, you know, you're gonna have a ceiling effect for all animal accelerates, but otherwise another analogy would be like that's kind of like saying, all NSAIDs are the same, you know. But there's, there's a lot of variation in difference. In that, you know, the ranges that we use them. But it was crazy to see like, this was really strong. Really natural and had a, like a really good benefit. Like stronger than anadrol, as far as growth went. You guys have to watch it when it comes out though, but what he was saying though is that no, that's not true. It's not true that everything is equal in real world, but the way he's, but he's saying that there's a general belief between the general public of, of users that, like all things are kind of equal, that's not saying that. I'm not, I'm trying to get a clear use. Yeah, you've seen that ask that. Yeah, exactly. We've been asked that. I think there's a, I would disagree that there's a general consensus on that though from the typical PED user. I mean, you'd be surprised, man. You'd be surprised how many people are kind of accepting that all this question is going to grow the same amount of muscle. Yeah. I mean, this question itself kind of, because I see where you're going Andrew, but then even just the fact that the question was asked, what does that mean? Are they all the same? Well, you know, I was pretty quick to go. I don't know. Okay, well, then I will say this. Those that have been taken PEDs for 10 years, or five years experience PED users do not have that belief. So maybe it's a newer crowd. Maybe it's a crowd that is just getting into PEDs in general. And maybe it's also not a crowd that's taken things to 2 grams plus a week, for, say, a contest prep or for, you know, a really big off-season cycle as what I'm going to get in that. So, yeah. All right, that's all the questions we have, guys. Skip, you got any compiles? I got no word in there. If you want to word? Oh, you got a word? I got it. Let's see, I'll throw it. And then this one, people may know, because I didn't have this one plan, but it just kind of struck me. But nefarious. Right? It's, by definition, it's just wickedly evil. So if someone has a, like, they're laughing nefariously, then they're laughing, you know, wickedly evil. Whoah! There's some shit like that, I don't know. Well, the thriller, the laugh at the, what's the guy's name? Who does that? No, that's terrible. It's right there. Fits of ice. Anyway. Fits of ice? Yes, thank you. Then some price. You had to be from the 80s and no Michael Jackson. Yeah. I know the laugh, I just don't know the name. That would be a nefarious laugh, or when the Joker laughs or something like that. So is it just, I know the word, but are you saying it just relates to laughing? No. No. Someone could be nefarious. They could just be wickedly evil. They have nefarious motives. Yes. Yeah. I like that one. That's a relatively common. I'm going to stick with more common words. It can be used in conversation. You know, you don't hear Rotten and Tadding very often. Even though it's a good word, I do like it. I heard that in billions. I'm the type of guy that I'll be watching a show. And I hear something I have to stop it. And my wife will roll her eyes because I'll Google the word. I'll be like, I haven't heard that word. That's where I heard Rotten and Tadding and like, oh man, that's, that's good. I like that. So those are the shows. The billions is a good example that the had the more intellectually superior. I'm watching the soprano. I've never seen the soprano before. You're kidding me. Shut up. Shut up. I'm not a choral. I'm only like two seasons in, but I'm like, how cool. Watch this. It's such a great series. Have you seen the wire? Already years old. Have you seen the wire? I didn't watch it. I showed it. And there's a little bit too much of the hair out. So I was like, I don't want to do it with us. Yeah, but they're fighting against the hair on. Yeah. They're getting it off the streets. You guys yellow stone fans? I've seen it yet. I heard it's her driving. They're arriving for filming for the last half of the last season. My client who has the gym there in Derby. She said that they are starting to roll in now. So they'll be starting production in May for the last half of that season. It's been almost three years. It can also be a another 1883 series. And that was big too. It's just a really good job. Just really disappointed that it is taking three years. I think that's pretty crappy. But those are did something similar. And I think that's terrible when it's not the top priority. Because it's really important to the fans and the people. They've been paid. So it's kind of crappy that the owner is so busy with projects. What's his name? I guess. He. Huh? No, no, no. I thought it was a kind of Kevin Gassner because of the, Who's the owner of the show in the whole series? Oh, the panel. No, no, no. It's Jesus. He was on broken recently. I don't know. No, so he's an actual far, a rancher who's all played on. He's a owner of a ranch with no, no, no, no. He bought the ranch after he started filming Yellowstone. But he put he has experience as a real cowboy, but he's also a writer and he wrote Yellowstone 1883. I didn't know that. I didn't know that. He wrote all those shows. Yeah, I mean, he's a freaking genius if you ask me, like with some of these concepts shows that he's come up with. I don't know why my brain is not Taylor. He's got Taylor shared and thank you. He's he can give me. He's one of the main characters in Yellowstone. I haven't seen it. He's the one. He's the one that drives. He's not like always on the farm, but he's the one that he's like a horse trader. And he comes and picks up the horses and he drives him. He's really good on a horse. I can't remember what's seen or whatever, but the dude's like a genius for like taking something he's interested in. And then blown it into this mega empire. Did you guys see a guy richy TV show called The Gentleman? I believe I did. It's very good. It's very good. He's a guy who inherits his family property in the East places. He's a Duke. Yeah, yeah. Oh, dude. We're finishing up to one of the best. Oh, we got one up. Oh, we got one. We got one. We got one. We got one. We got one. We got one. Yeah. Yeah. You guys watch Westworld. We just started that again. Oh, yeah. Thanks to Niggs. It's not available anywhere. So Niggs is like, I got a service. Oh, get it for you. So Niggs got me a Westworld. Thank you. What do you mean it's on HBO? I don't have that. Do you think you can. You got five bucks on. You got three people on there. You took your cell phone company. They might give it to you for free. I should have watched a YouTube TV. And I think I watched like two baseball games a year on it. I'm about to buy YouTube. And it's going to be part of Patreon. It's going to pay for YouTube. Because that way we can do reactions without getting commercials. Okay. Nice. Westworld season one is incredible. Just a four-worn. It goes downhill from there. So I saw season one before. And I'm prepared to stop watching shortly after that. So. Oh, you got to see it through though. Like if I start a show, I'm going to watch it with a very last. That's like even if it absolutely sucks. We stopped watching house accords. Did you guys watch house accords? I did. No. We liked the beginning. We liked it all for the first couple seasons. And then we call off for that. Well, it's because it's like basically what you see in the news with like congress and the president every day as it is. So it's like we always got to do as a watch. One of the news stations. And that's what really happens. You know, it was like putting all the murder. What's that other one that another presidential show, the designated survivor. We watched that. That's Kevin Costner in it. No, it's got to be for southern. Okay, they're suffering. See, I don't watch show. So I think that's basically the same guy, isn't it? I'm based on sure. No. I'm based on sure. I'm based on sure. I'm based on sure. I'm based on sure. I'm based on sure. I'm based on sure. I'm based on sure. I'm based on sure. I'm based on sure. I'm based on sure. I'm based on sure. I'm based on sure. It's like a little present of the United States. He was good on 24, 24 kept my get my attention for go to here. Yeah, it's kind of got like that thing going on it first. Same idea. Same idea. You got to like reach flat diners. I think I mean. I think a spa that's a better actor personally. Oh, his father Donald Southern. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I think he's a better actor. He doesn't get a lot of big roles. But I feel like he's always a good character for whatever parties plan. But we should just do a show talking about shows sometimes. Yeah, no kidding. Yeah. We did a lot of those. And it's just bodybuilding at the end. We might talk about it. Well, as we say, I remember Ron always talking on any of the shows back in the day about the shows he was watching at that time. And I always look forward to it. Well, what are you guys watching right now? I just finished Mancult. Yeah, it's a proud of us. You guys seen Mancult? Uh-uh. I don't know. I'm sorry, man. Mancult. I'm sorry. It's a story about John Wilkes Booth. You know, I have to tell you. Oh, it's a really good story. And it's not, it's actually fairly, it's pretty factual. I've read like three biographies about John Wilkes Booth and about that time period. And it's pretty close to like how he really was. What's it called? Mancult. It's on that TV. It's on that. Okay. Yeah. Mancult is like eight episodes. Oh, you guys want to see the best show I've seen all year. Master's of air. It's about the 19th or the World War II US air bombers over in based in Britain bombing Germany. Like you want to get an idea of what it was like for those guys to be in a bomb or ship and have thousands of peoples and strap and all going through their bodies and going through their ship. And then, oh, they got flug and hit by a German wig. And then, you know, oh, time to ban in ship. And do you have in the mindset? Like, I'm going to jump out of this airplane and maybe my parachute's going to work. And then I'm going to land in enemy territory. And I got to somehow find my way back to France like mind blowing. So that's another TV show. That's another Apple TV show. Yeah. Yeah. You know Victoria, if you know Victoria or public persona, you wouldn't think that she likes fishing shows. Really? Yeah. She likes not like the old ones that were on ESPN. Like where is like, you know, how am I named? I'm about to. And I'm going to catch up with that guy. I'm going to stand on its 80 degrees outside. Hey, watch it. It's like 50 today on the first day. It's like 50 today on the first day. But no, like the, like the, um, what do they call them like the river monsters type shows? Or like today we're going to tie land and we're going to try to catch this particular fish kind of thing. That's pretty cool. Oh, it's fascinating. I'm into it too. It shows that are good. Like that genre are shows where you can find like these professionals that are very passionate about like what they do and they can explain to you the audience like what they do. Like, like I sent you some stuff the other day. Scott about this guy. I watched the Bill's house is built up. Oh, I watched that whole thing by the way. That house is a credible man. That's like the 15th of his video that I've watched. They were kidding. Like I get in these videos of people that go out into the woods and they literally bring an axe and they build log cabins like scratch. Yeah. Well, that's not my thing. It's. Yeah, you also like, you use like instacart and stuff too. So like, you're into that ease of life. This is work with my hands. Yeah. Look at this house. Good. Guys, that's totally cool. And I would pay him to build one. Yeah. We're like, well, you're saying Scott about building like a man cave like studio. Like, I don't know if he's all the inside, but I did like that. You could totally deck that out and put a studio in there, right? You could. Good. All right. Let's wrap this thing up, guys. Leave us questions for the next show. And if you're still watching and you're not subscribed, we'll shame on you. Now we're happy to have you. And definitely subscribe because YouTube might not show us and you're algorithm ever again. That's the case. You don't hit the subscribe button, guys. It was nice to meet you. Take care and we'll see you in 2025, random way. Something like that. Anyway, yeah, subscribe at the bell. And also, too, I appreciate everybody's been sharing the shows. You guys share the links and stuff on Instagram. That's freaking huge. You're helping. That's how we grow this thing. So thank you very much. Go to bodybarry.com to reach out to Andrew Focaching. You go to teamskip.com, reach out to skip over there. Take now the diets at gmail.com, hit me up. And of course, supplement source.ca for Canadians and Trinutrition.com for our people throughout the world, especially in the US user code, thank you to everybody from Patreon. Anything else, get? I don't know.