Of course our guest and drink shop for town Olympia Yeah, soon to be five eight nobody touching her see I'm certain to kind of talk like you're now Ain't nobody touch it Yeah Yeah, you know we rollin up on her See you Yeah I'm in that like offensive did I just No, I don't know she was laughing. I just won't be the pass. Okay. Good Oh yeah, my goodness I'm looking at it. Why don't you come and sit down but sure we got a microphone for Miss Olympia Where is the microphone's it on the chair? It's on the chair there and we got headphones for too Head setting up look at this Where is it like kind of like you get to like take a break for a few can you hear us check check We got the pose four time Olympia champion and Raya shot so Andrea the last time You were on the show. I was unable to make it for some reason I don't even remember why but you were on with dusty and Scott. Yes, yeah, and I was an on that day That's right. How do you take that day off the ball day? I was upset. I was upset. I like what do you mean? I remember it being like an emergency of some kind but I don't recall I might have been stuck in an airport Probably yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, he was talking gym off the ledge with the pineapple's and the pizza Oh, we're still like that. Kim we're still gonna we're gonna convert you in That's funny. So four time Olympia champ. I see you're wearing the 20 23 one So let's say let's just create a scenario here It's an emergency you have to leave You get to pack one back pack and you can only take one metal which one do you take the first one or the newest one? That's a question. That's a tough question question. I'll never have to answer I gotta say the first one. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I gotta say the first one I mean, there's that thing like the first we even know each one is different. Yeah, yeah, this one's real special At first one though, I guess the first one and I wanted on my birthday so it was kind of like Good not it was like everything in me knew like this is my day. Hey, here's a question for you Of your four Olympia victories which one was the easiest? I Think of the whole thing the prep the mental situation the actual day of the show which one was the easiest 20 It's a toss of between Noss and this this one 23. Yeah, and why do you think you think you just so in the zone and mentally? It was easier do you think you just knew you were gonna be super really almost impossible to beat how did it work? I knew that I gave just a little bit more to this particular rep because you just got smarter and better And I wanted to give more like the effort was always mass, but now it was more to Go to your coach and say can I die it with just this right extra three days and see how it goes Like we're all here to do it five days in the police, but I'm asking for more I'm like man. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's cool. You told me say listen If you start feeling like you know, you know the energy is just not there If we got to give you something we got to eat carbs somewhere, but I'm like no carbs I'm going to win I got to be straight You hit it hard though like at the end that last few weeks that last month Yeah from between the wings of strength show. Oh, yeah, oh That's what we leaner by the hour y'all's crazy. That was why what were you eating just fat free protein source That's it and Like what egg whites and fish and fish. Yeah, like fish and no veggies even at one point right So when you ask the coach to go on more fish Yeah, or days with no carbs no veggies little veggies do you egg whites? Oh, I'm an egg white. I get a once I get allow eight to nine weeks out than the egg whites go Why do you take them all you just rather have meat sometimes? They make me get a little more gashy. Oh, okay Yeah, so you know sometimes I mean for some of my reason like what I have the enzyme present is good But every blue moon and every blue moon because then I could take the enzyme away and I'm good But last year in this happened last year, which was I know it was like dang what what's what's missing? I've my stomach was just so upset and I had egg white raps. I found me a new Some nudity so I found these egg white raps. I got them from my ear and they're like no calories But it's just the egg whites. You can wrap it up like a sandwich right? I had two of them and I like oh It's something love like my moline egg white fish and veggies So I know it's not the veggies to moline that much. Yeah, so yeah, I mean I mean I crossed it It actually like yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, if I had to pick like if someone was like two months of one I would pick egg whites I think oh, yeah, I just have a hard time with I would like them I actually like them, you know, oh, yeah, yeah, like in for Well, yeah, I say that after six weeks I came home from the Olympian. I still got a few service officials in them like just don't many freeze I don't look at no fish. Yeah, yeah, but the next like six weeks like I did it But then I think go guess those at Sean Rae. Okay, my ankle started smelling so I'm like up go back on the fridge Back to it. Yeah, so here's another question for you So we we found it with the easiest win was Hey, were any of was there a particular the difficult win was there a stressful win or something where you had a hard prep Something came up was there any any win that what was the hardest win? Oh Twenty twenty one and twenty two And don't twenty one and twenty two. I mean I had the pressure of winning the first one from Twenty right the repeat and Repeat man as pressure people like oh, well, it might have been a flu You know, oh, we don't know if she's really that good Well, you know, she's it's all still so new somebody who come out of the woodworks and it was like I got a I got a black pressure Right I got a guy I check into hotel room Like I can't be at home. I got to get away from the food. I got to go away from the laundry I went straight to the hotel room. No, I still do that. Did you do that this past year? I did yeah, I still do it. I asked the year I found out that it works Okay, I literally removed myself from any distractions The only time I leave that hotel room is too tray with my coach and to do cardio That is it everything else is sleep eat and practice every team. Wow how it gets in those home Damn yeah, yeah, yeah, it was it was like the first defending up the title was like Damn, okay, I got to make sure that I'm bringing it and I brought it right but then the next year It was like okay, it was the height and that's when I started realizing I got to turn off the social media a little bit You know, they compare and they try to like okay, well, you know, so on so it's common They say they come and put a title and I'm like oh man, all right, yeah, you know people talking trash You know, it is and I get it I can do some with it. I can make you work and but I never like to show What I may be thinking I will go inward and do it right do my work and that's where I was like all right cool I had to find ways to apply much more pressure Much more pressure and I had a little bit of a scare I took in a little too much caffeine. I was too amped up Not ended up I think Scott. I told him a little bit about this. I mean that a point can talk my a cardiologist Just to make sure that you know everything was good So they was pressure there too. I'm like hey, okay? I was a little too jealous on the caffeine And I got a back off right so I'm trying to do cardio was like a touching go I want to slow down a little bit So what dose of caffeine is a little too much? It's over 300 At a time You're talking like one time. I thought you met your daily consumption was just getting out of pedal That too because I mean I would go and work out. I mean I love training and love working I'll just be an active But I would go and work out then I would come home and teach a class online and I'm taking more caffeine and have all the ladies Then I'm like trying to sleep then I got to go meet coach train there Then I'm like still got to do cardio before bed. I'll use I was getting there and then I heard you do a half scoop Or you have scoop half scoop. I'm like you know what dusty's method man It's fun but it's a more level day exactly right. I go for the level day is important to me now Reality is though if you need to go to sleep just go to sleep So thank God Victoria My my my God and right there she she walked me through You know some good tips on getting better sleep. I mean I add my mind Sometimes that it's hard turning off right when you when you got that okay I'm checking on the boxes or anything else I can do as you As you lay down to sleep and you close your eyes. It's like No And it's like okay, we'll be going to the tomorrow. Okay, we go into this tomorrow. We're going to that tomorrow And we're like you gotta make sure we do the abs this way. We haven't done this. It's like oh my gosh I'm working off four hours sleep Train and hard train and real hard. It was still training hard like everything What did you shoot that leg workout in Scott's basement when was that? About eight weeks out somewhere around there. Yeah, yeah, yeah because I was before the rising Phoenix So that at that point eight weeks out I was Because there's only five weeks in between the two said to be about four weeks out from The rise of Phoenix and she Yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah The only way she knows that's it That's it She once speed Scott once been 10,000 100% even yesterday. I got I mean I always tired after I train legs like I got off the plane I'm like all right, here you go. Amy something unless it's a gym. We've got to go train right I'm like I'm tired I got done training. I was like I'm awake You know you used to stimulate your central nervous system when you train that hard. Oh, yeah You go in cans right people don't understand sometimes it's hard to bring that absolutely Yeah, it took a minute I had like like three hours before I was like ready to do after we saw you last night or when you go Yeah, but no, no before it was okay. Yeah, I was that was the same in our room I passed out immediately. I woke up and I'm like oh man. How'd you sleep just terrible Like I was up at two in the morning looking to the clock. Yeah, well, you train harder than I was that there you go I slept like a baby In that's supposed to rely on melatonin that much right people are like, oh melatonin I'm like you can really not supposed to take in that much because like you know your body produces it naturally Right, no, I want to throw anything off. You know naturally a crumpled with your body I want to ask you I mean with four Olympia titles and the physique that you have What do you think of the current sort of or how much attention do you even pay to the current sort of chat about How to actually train properly and what we should be doing and all that like Western are you are you into that or you follow in like You know the guys talking about mechanics and foot position and or are you just not like hey I know it works for me and I feel this and I'm just gonna do it I think some of it has a place But I think sometimes you can get so caught up into it You just forget do the basics stuff man Do the basics stuff. I'm about old school body good I'm not tell clients when I take a man I'm not that trainer that's gonna give you razzled apple tricks We're not about being jumping on boxes. We about to do straight up old school body good And we about to do T-bar rolls. We're gonna squat we're gonna leg press we're gonna deadlift Right, like just get the work done. Yeah, I got it all day I heard a great a great quote the other day I think it was Mike is really Is it tell yeah I think it was Mike Yeah, he just walked back. She just walked back Oh, no, but he had a great quote that I loved it was Everyone's worried about getting the most bang for the buck but sometimes he just got to get the most bucks They still add up I like that That's amazing. It's like well you're getting a 100% return on your 10 cent investment or You're getting a 2% return on your thousand dollar investment. I'll take that right? All that's like and that's like Yeah, so to make sense to me. You know what I mean look how efficient this is But it doesn't do anything. Yeah, yeah, so I How about we be efficient with this time? Right. I think these people get so caught up into the light You know these little Minus-view details and I asked okay, well how long are you trying to arm it to jump two hours? That's not a claim the fame It's so put on a jump You need to be an hour Get out of there if you're training and you're the way you need to be training you try Yeah, man. I get 40 minutes in. I'd be like woof. All right I know that to you you don't have an accent but to Canadian me I Just I just it's like it's right out of a movie My job business And I use it live on the farm so I get the best of both yeah, I can hear it No bullshit Like it's yeah, just it's it's great and I think that's probably one reason why I mean he'll tell you I've been training with my current coach Oh my god long time Showed out showed out to him let everyone know like who your current coach is John right Yeah, I have baby pro John Simmons. I mean you know he used to be with muscle mag Well, I'm old enough to remember John Simmons like Flip it through muscle mag and see the state like they'll photos. I remember when he was a pro Yeah, so when he came to the I don't know where I met him was at the O last year or the Arnold Black I can't remember but I finally met him because he's your coach and he came by and I was like hey, it like it was cool because you know I didn't see him in ages. Yeah, so yeah, and he's still is like we still just do the basics Yeah, yeah, we do we get really good at doing the basic stuff consistently. Yeah, right? I mean somebody's kids I don't know why they just figure oh we got to do all the time under tension and then we got to turn the toes out And we got to turn the toes in and I'm like Just just do it. Yeah, just just get the work done. You know what one piece of advice that Johnson and S. Gave me And this is like years back. All right, so John was the first real pro that I met Okay, and I was I did his show Yes, I remember that it was a spruce my first show It was John's show and I remember being in the gym. It was after that show But I was kind of in awe, you know because you didn't see a lot of pros in the gyms and I said hey John I I got the 90 pound dumbbells on the bench press And he said oh that's good, you know He said how many reps do you get? I said I got 10 reps so I'm gonna go over the 95 next time He said you know he's got instead of going to the 95s How about you take those 90s and you learn to get 20 with them? If you can get 20 reps with those 90 pound dumbbells I guarantee you that you're gonna have a bigger chest And that's what John's all about is just that he's doing full school training Really right and he hasn't changed. I mean he's a hard Marine. He's still in the same Yeah, I forgot about that. Oh my gosh. Yeah, I don't nobody knows how to be like they're never the same Ever the training stuff the training completely stuck It works. I got about that he loves the dumbbell squats for ladies So with me he said you know, I don't want you barbell squat He's like your legs are big enough if I let you barbell squat your legs can be bigger than what we can handle Right, he's like I'm like all right cool he's like but I will let you do godless squat Or like when some people call it please squat basically turn the toes out and you kind of just work more on the glutes and do elevate your feet He doesn't yeah, you don't need to yeah So I mean I'll do that and I'm like all right. Let's get into it. I'm how many reps you want? All right, we're gonna do 50. I'm gonna do it So the next that I'm like all right 65 Thinking my chest. I don't think I'm doing something. He like how about 70 I'm like yeah, stand by boss I didn't know he was going there 75 reps there we go Chocane Chocane. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, but I mean he's just he's really big on like doing a lot over time Right, he's like you know if you can hit 20 reps Anything upper body that you're probably in a good spot right before you start looking to and on a whole lot of heavy weight Right, he's all about mastering the form Right, what if you get into the tricks are you executed with good form now we can start talking about how you won't grow Right, yeah, and it's kind of funny like that's another situation where The old school has actually been proven correct the latest science We've talked about it the latest studies are showing that high-purture free occurs Quite evenly from the three to 30 rep range and they did say that and wasn't at the study said strength did go up more with the heavier weights But the hypertrophy continued all the way to the 30 rep range and you know you see some like I remember all guys when I was just starting out with the gym I remember they were like Chris Quatt and heavy. That's good. You're getting you know you're getting your your eight reps with three plates That's good. Yeah, but let's see. Let's see 25 reps with a plate and a half After that every workout Right, and I remember thinking like well, I want to get big Right, you know, but this is the old school guys that are like yeah, I don't know but it works Like they're just doing that. Why do you think that they they still kind of subscribe to that? Why do you still feel like they're such There people who are still very absolute about you have to do more weightless ribs Well, hey man I trained heavy and hard for a long time I was a Dorian disciple so I did very Dorian based training for a long time But every once in a while we do some 20 reps squats or some 50 rep leg presses or something and I would say that it's by far the worst Are you sure you're so are you sure, but it's just the actual like the actual set itself like the wind Yeah, well, 800 reps sets on the leg press are probably the most mentally like Because you know how mental focus is really easy for short periods of time Yeah, but if you make the set five minutes long your mental focus is now five minutes And and it just like every time you dial that up it just gets harder and harder Yeah, oh yeah, yeah definitely yeah, but I think that if you continue to work that muscle like that It's going to grow yeah your feed net right you're resting it right you get in the proper body work done is going to grow Yeah, it's like with it's the no brain or may not grow as fast Right, but that's where okay. I was still rather having and I asked some people like okay We're retired now people like John how did you manage to stay injury free? Right, and when they talked to me about things like that is like yeah, okay, even he hanging I talked to him two weeks ago He's like yeah trained to stimulate you don't have to annihilate Sometimes to take that stimulation big big yeah, you know I met Lee Haney in a restaurant a couple years ago and I remember I was eating my food I don't remember who I was sitting with for you there. No, I don't remember and I saw Lee walk in it was all by himself And I just jumped out of my seat and I ran over to him And and He was his waiting for a table and I just said Lee I go you're actually my first mr. Olympia because I started training in 1990 Yeah, so he was mr. Olympia So he was my my first mr. Olympia right that's how I see it like that was the era that I entered So I've to finally meet Lee was like really cool because I had met everyone but Lee Like I remember going through the checklist one time talking about I was like the only guy that I really have Met like I met Chris Dickerson and I met like you know what I mean? Samir but new and I met like pretty much everyone But I had never met Lee Haney and it was just like awesome to meet him. How often do you see him? At least maybe four times a year. Oh That's great. He'll limp yeah. That's awesome And he's still just his humble You just posted his show or something you did a show this year We had us yet a seminar down Not to mention he looks like he's 45 years old right? I'm like man you still got traps leaves to got shoulders I'm like man there's something to the old school man telling you and another thing Most people don't remember was that he won his first Olympia when he was 23 and he won his his 8th when he was 31 Wow, then he was out and then he retired with the windrys and still has no injuries and yeah So if you think of like who did it best? Ever the chart beat that it's right to beat that there's one person that does he only won one Mr Olympia title but I don't know Vampire himself yeah Around here somewhere I was taken what is white real ears That's funny that I use the word vampire the other day to describe him that's funny and I realized how many of us have used that word? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, because dude like I don't know I don't think we'll ever see another one like him no That long yeah, I love that I love that meme where it had a photo of Dexter every year his face a photo of his face every year Did you ever see that meme it was like I'm but it was like all 20 Olympians it was his face and it was like It was just it was hilarious, you know, it's like the same it's just got a little bit of gray right here That was the only thing Wow He had the eat to the other one he retired He had said but wasn't he was like he said though only thing and he's absolutely not going to be happy about when it comes to retire Is that he didn't have to eat so much? Yeah, that chicken and rice He's like that tired you know that chicken. Yeah I know I know I can only imagine like I remember he told me once that he would be very happy He'd been two meals a day. Yeah, he still says that yeah, and I'm like what what about you? What you love eat you much We're gonna see show when you know show when 789 10 Olympias and then we'll see your five years later She'll just be 300 pounds That can I gotta figure out a way to mistake That they bring back the master's Olympia think once every three years anything they're gonna do It's like those NFL guys at retire and they just get human this long one Dude you're not doing all the exercise right? We're just still eating that's where I'm like now so you know if I'll fall off season diet I had to like there's no way like that that's probably another thing that made the 2021 to 22 season a little more challenging All right man. You can't be up 30 pounds Yeah, too much yeah, cuz it's too much hard to work to get back down and then you know that means you're gonna need to die it longer He wouldn't have to die harder more fish and then the ship Nancy. I was like not for it I'd rather just eat and it's really balanced right I've got egg whites I've got steak I've got shrimp I've got turkey Yeah, so I'm not starving by 80 minutes. We're gonna sweet potatoes rice Got rice to them so I love the hot rice to you. I brought you guys some by the way You're gonna have some nice I brought more for you. Thank you. No, you know it's nice to have the variety But it's not it's still cut size Yeah, but the joy of it was it this last pass prep I got leaner faster By sticking on the off season plan Yeah, yeah absolutely it makes so much more sense so it is it's and I get one sheet middle week I'm gonna starve and you're not you're not the you're not the whole month of stairmaster off your prep Now during the prep I witnessed a During the prep I witnessed a A psychological trip That John has set up for Dreia And this is how it works, but if you tell her will it wreck it No, she knows okay, okay, I'll take my margin on her She didn't know where I'm going with this. I think so okay, so before she trains Just get ready for a workout John a lettery like one small He's a candy not only like candy That's not crap It's weird It's almost like it's like a diabetic glucose tab So excited boy it's like three grams of sugar. Yeah straight to the brain. Yeah Yeah, yeah the brain receptors just enough to trick them just enough Oh Scott's got a friend. Yeah, we both know this guy. He's a little while ago. I could tell when somebody's Michigan Scott knows everyone in Michigan It's a whole state That's like joy of having Scott though like he can he can film and I told him my man I really want you to be the one to film me because you know you're connected with my crew Like you know exactly what it is that you're looking at you know my coach You know just having him there. It just it like having him there may be feel really really good I went in the capitals moments. Yeah, and plus having Scott film you you're not just It's like one thing to have like a bodybuilding expert and a fan and someone who really knows But training but he's also a coach. Right. Yeah, so you know it's him must feel good like you know You know you're on track John knows you're on track everything, but you know Maybe he sees your two shoots in a row and he's like man. That's what happened. That's what actually happens Yeah, it was like dude. Okay. I just saw you two weeks ago. He's like man Whoa What's going on? See what you can handle to to see what you can handle like because they they cut the sodium early Really and and that blows me away What I would I could tell you I would look like garbage It took my sodium almost one of the hospital. Yeah time to my sodium I was one of the hospital. Yeah, so it just cramping everywhere and spasming But they're able to do that. Yeah, it's very as body response Yeah, and they get what they want on it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, and I mean He gets brutal with it like even took away some of my like organic Kiam pepper and he's like you know what? I really prefer you just be I don't like you just want to see suffer. He just want Like we we found out I was using too much pam cooking spray to saute my work to pan-steer my Fish I mean I was using half a spray bottle for every meal I was like too much. Hey was pretty much He was perceiving yeah It was crazy way I found out I'm like you know how it feels when you we're in prepped. He's supposed to suck Yeah, I'm like you know it I'm like I got a whole lot of energy for some of my reason. I'm like I'm cleaning the house I'm like I just had this fish about 40 minutes ago I bet you I've used too much cooking spray on this fish. How many calories in a whole bottle of pan Right 900 I'm less good. I get away Oh, yeah, but when we took it out with the 24 hours all the stuff was back and full force. I like okay The suck was back Yeah, there's like there's like five grams of lipids in your blood stream disappeared and it was like no Like man, okay, we're gonna we're gonna give you back that's lucky. You really Yeah, yeah, I got a question for you Being in the Olympia champion four times and all that and I know you use you do cardio heavily How how high does your cardio get again like what's a lot of cardio for you an hour an hour okay, so Can you think of a point What like what's it closest to ever gave what's it closest to ever came to quitting a cardio session? Never yeah, well, yeah, I'm not saying she did but I'm saying that internal conversation like Rock I don't talk to you know yeah The first Olympia first Olympia I had the really like I had to go back and finish So it was only 11 days in between the shows But I was I was tired. Oh, you mean the qualifier and the oh no between the rise of being ex Oh, rising for you. Yeah, yeah, and I mean I was I was so tired now I think in a back by mine. I was a little stressed too because we were still peak COVID time I was getting ready travel again. I'm like a nervous this is this show means a lot Yeah, and I was just so tired. That's what I first started noticing like you're in prep I was asleep and not the way I really knew I should have been And I mean I got there because at that time mine and muscle was still open So it was a little 24 hours if that was open because like John really wants me to do cardio before bed So that's the tricky part right doing cardio before bed for me like my body's ready Going to bed with my brain is like what I know Gosh, and it was like you know what I did 30 minutes on the treadmill I don't feel like finishing and I'm tired I could be so much more optimal if I can get some sleep Then I got done and I sat there for a minute. I was like you know what It's important Hey, yep, I cannot lead this building without finishing this And I turned around and got right back up to you. I'm like, I'm care about this walk and I just told him I told him I tried to be real honest with my coach Yeah, I didn't do hard cardio. I walked Right like I did I say it back good. I finished yeah, and he was cool with it But he was like you know I try to pry myself on giving the extra Right, so I prefer if I'm on the hit When I'm in bed, I'm doing hit the whole time if I can Right, yeah all 60 minutes. I'm like I'm hit But then I like coach Human human for a night I need a night also I like that mind and muscle gym that place was cool It was a really hardcore little space and they're gone now, but that said Drania does a lot of her training like we're talking misalmpia best in the world Trains at any time fitness I Do do I mean I assume that you're at I mean I'm assume that you're just being there every day It's a little bit of a different vibe at that particular any time. Oh, yeah Is everyone they do a lot of people there realize like you're a happy champion Yeah, I mean I think you know since my coach owns it We get a lot of liberty like you do right we get to say what equipment goes in there So yeah, it's a franchise right they tell you what how to design the box But they don't tell you what they put in the box So we got a lot of unconventional stuff that you wouldn't find at another anytime there like the vertical leg press I've seen it right and straight right. They don't carry a lot of stuff and a traditional time I had a friend that had an anytime once and he goes you got to see my anytime And I saw by any had a nebula leg press No, I feel a hat yeah all this time equipment and then he had like the basic kit that they made him order like all the pinloaded stuff was all cool Yeah, it was all like life and it's a pre-core whatever Okay, but then he had this other stuff like a row of prime row of all all this and some hammer plate loaded And everything it was awesome And it brings people in the door. Oh, yeah, oh gosh people come in and they're like whoa We've never seen anything like that's why We're doing this way That's the best now wish we could get some of that equipment that we have back in Germany Oh yeah, you like the Alexey equipment. Oh yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, she liked that. Oh, she looks like she's gonna come strong My I'm not even sore champ. Oh, I broke I could barely raise my arms up with the shardone I was so sore like but man at equipment. I can't wait to get back to Kloan It's training in Europe is fun because you see these like when I first started going to Europe and seeing that Be like I've never seen this brand before and then you realize that's like an epic European brand It's an every gym And you start going to other gyms like oh like the old gym 80 stuff all that gym and everywhere Excellent. Yeah, you know all the you know the joke I made was like if there was a nuclear holocaust The straight six Engines right and Jimmy and all of the gym 80 It's your 80 cell line over So construction of the equipment is different you can tell yeah It's very heavy. Oh, it's very heavy. Oh, it's very heavy. Man. I did that vertical leg press over there in Scotland I do the vertical leg press all the time But that one man it was like instant glue pump Is the hammy and I was sore for four days. Oh, like whoa my heart legs blew up to like twice the size Try the end of that That's what it worked I remember I was there too. Yeah, I was there that thing you guys were going okay. Oh, we went back there. Listen as soon as we get there That's gold How's it good gym I like that little great you like we get some of that stuff over here that'd be awesome But you know the state is what it is a good stuff that we have like a down at powerhouse That's the spinners since the 70s. Oh, yeah, they weld it a lot of it back together It's a little bit of a tree done some of that equipment. I'm sure Lendor Lendor trained on some of that. Oh, yeah, definitely. Oh, yeah Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh Yeah, same powerhouse So I mean, you know she walks me in every time it's kind of like she knows she's like yeah It's reminiscent of she still goes there. Oh, yeah, she's home. She's right there. Oh, man. That's another she's so That's she's like the equivalent of Leigh-Haney to me. Oh, yeah, same. I think the same Still look forward to right right right. She just had two knee replacements back in 2020 and I'm like Wow, and I went down there to go see her we go on the dinner and she's like I don't know three weeks post up and like you're right, you know you want me to drive up a car I'll drive you. Oh, no, no, I'll drive both these now and both at once I used to work in orthopedics so when the doctors think though you have to be a good candidate for this Yeah, yeah, yeah, she just she does her I've had you know the mindset though I mean, she just still continues to like just wow me and then she walks in like I think her a few months later She's at her show. I'm guessing and she's got her heels on and I'm like Me, okay mama still Sasha in around She still looks amazing though. Yeah, she's still getting hit on down and joined the two weeks ago She said yeah this guy the gas station just rolled up on me Okay, all right She wasn't supposed to talk about that That the term rolled up on the road about I mean yeah, you rolled up on me. That's funny So before we roll we had some quick questions Answers to yes rapid fire Nothing to do with bodybuilding necessarily As most I showed us What is an item that is worth spending more money on Quality brand whatever what is an item you think it's worth spending more money any Jimmy equipment that this Oh, yeah, I'll be Jimmy equipment Jeff weather's cardio like you don't need designer purses you want good leg presses There you go if I had to pick between a two-out like designer persons, but Louis Louis will get shale for a good hammer straight Okay, all right, you can get a couple of leg preces for a Louis person. Yeah easy man That's what I was I kind of saved some of my luxury spending for later I didn't I didn't buy anything luxury or anything like fancy for myself until like at the third title There you go. I walked in the loose. I was like, ooh Wait a minute three-time miscellaneous That's the cost of that stairbail. I want yeah, oh no, let me think about this I was gonna ask you what you bought yourself the first time you were the first Olympia do you buy yourself a gift? Yeah, when he said third time That way, okay, okay, there's how we do it all right, opposite of the spectrum what's something? What's the one thing you regret spending money on you have? My Christian Louis Patons Yeah, yeah, they don't fit well They're sexy but they hurt the man my toes were screaming it I rather hairpired nine West There we go there we go There we go finish the sprays the way to my heart is That was so fast That was alarmingly fast. I'm still worried about you post retirement Yeah, I'm still a bit there's a little check-in You need to really think about this You got a couple you got five or five years left. I got seven to go seven to go Got some time you'll do 10 The check-in regularly okay promise me big bro, okay. I like like yeah I don't think this is an easy as an exit as you're thinking Parker has a surprise She's like lean forward Okay, all right what was your last impulse spy? Yesterday I was at the airport I brought some body body What's the body works buddy? Bath and body shot is shot and it was a strawberry Yeah, I was like oh in the airport spitting $900 for it Yeah, right well Well, but it's huge the worst place to shop It's like right there Work all right this one's a little more difficult but not going too far Would you rather travel to the past or the future future? What would happen there nothing back in the end and nothing fast she just checked the S&P 500 there You got and she looked at crypto prices and she'd come right back and she said dear raw was right time fat We are I was really on a pair No, it was same Say Brian checks in with Miss Olivia You want some month to be sure anything Are you coaching her? No, I'm just helping her not get fat accountability program Don't join us to do anything to do with it I decided to program just for her accountability like the off the wall question I do do that See but yeah, I mean true confession like I like food that's one reason why I went early on and my mom He's the first anyone else kid. I can't keep my I'm ready. We keep eating the bottle You're if I'm not mistaken I might tell like an idiot here But were you obvious you were obviously athletic when you were young right? Yeah, yeah, so you were there was you weren't like eating your way into a bad situation and then you found the weight room You were like you were tracking field or whatever you're doing like toss it Well, let me say I was in a good spot up until my sport of choice ended Then I got to a point where I was like oh man now what do I do Right, yeah the sport was not there so I started off in gymnastics. I don't remember oh gymnastics Yeah, okay, you're a little big for gymnastics now. Yeah, yeah, just a touch Still got a great upper body for gymnastics. There we go. I think that's one reason why the upper body develops so quickly Yeah, because that all those years of being you know the tumbling Oh, yeah, we'll be round-offs. Yeah, I was I still firmly believe I mean the while there's studies and approving it, but you know when you They say the ages I think it's like five to twelve. So pre-prepubry puberty Yeah, those ages have like a ton to do with your neuro muscular development Yeah, coordination and just all that metapolic setup and all that sort of stuff True and if people can they say that the worst time to get heavy is in that because it's so hard You're ready to change epigenetic change Yes, that's when you start to I mean you can kind of see early on what kind of shape or form the body has Right, whether you're echo more into more of mesomorph right and I think that parents should use that Like as a as a gateway, right, especially if they okay something you can't right we start getting a hormone stuff like Bruhlin and left and right You can't you can just start to monitor things but you still should always have them active in something Yeah, you know you've got indecret issues in the family right start to dig in into that and get them active But yeah, that was the prime time. I was in sport during that time and once I got to thirteen My mom started taking me to the gym so it was like there was a complete you know There's a smooth process going over but then it was like okay, you can leave me thirteen in the gym Right, I got it all hot and heavy You know, I was like, oh, I got a car I can kind of go in the want and I'm like, oh, you know, I'm starting hanging out school Oh my god, how go then I write the little freshman year and I was like whoa, oh, okay Yeah We got to step back Right, put the joints down the freshman freshman 15 turned out the freshman 20 Because your girl like biscuits I like girls with biscuits and gravy That's awesome yeah, but I got to a point where I was like all right I know that I'm better than this physically right it was just a matter of being in sport and It taught me gave me something to reference. I'm like all right if I could give myself like a hundred percent to this I could I could turn this around right now I got to take the range right there's no coach. There's no teacher making me do it I got to be under in doing what do you think is something that Maybe you did when you were younger. Maybe it was a gymnastics themselves or something like that. Hey Kenny I'm a coach yeah, that's center man. That's right. It's turned me pro Yeah, I'm sent him I've sent him I've had several girls higher him and get pro cards too So I mess up like anything. You ever get a chance you should talk him about how he started. Oh Okay, I had to know how we got the gift because he's so good Right You master this. No, I've seen him do a quarter turn him sits as pretty awesome There's a point of stoves and everything very spicy that one. I love you much I would not have gone pro without their man. Yeah, yeah, oh my clients Like can you help it pose you like nobody know who can that's right? Yeah, that's right. He gave me such a good foundation Good man. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I didn't record what I was saying You were talking about you're asking me was there something space in time as a youngster Where I recognize oh delayed gratification I mean we were talking I mean a very common topic now as they say the new generation as a problem with delayed gratification That's Instagram application right? Yeah, um is there anything that you can look back on and think huh? That was good practice for waiting for like you know what I mean waiting for it to come to me if I work hard for it like You know that delayed gratification quality and someone is just massively important Yeah, and I think now like we're gonna run into problems with a lot of people because everything's gotta be right now So it wasn't maybe the way you were raised or it was at the sports or anything that you can think of that That you think really contributes your ability to just focus on the task and believe the result will come oh Yeah, I would say I probably got a two-fold benefit from my mom and my dad so with my dad living on the farm You know, they we have that time where you plant But you don't harvest right away, but you have to keep going out there and I mean I'm nine years old And I'm going to 10 the field at nine at all the other kids are in it the pool You're enjoying some around around here at 110 degrees Plow it and pick and It's like man, okay, but it did to taught me you got if you really want to eat you got to work Right, it's gonna require something of you and at nine It was like okay, I get it right and because it was so different from city life Yeah, so different I was like we had to burn our garbage It was like you have to sort through garbage I'm a farm kid we used to burn our garbage Yeah, it changed me I got back to Michigan a completely different person I mean I would get the eggs up to chicken coop every morning my dad that was my duty every day So if you want eggs guess what? Yeah, you're gonna get a you're not giving that sit You can just wash your hands after that's it right and make sure the broom is back in his place If I didn't go get them you know if I was out of town or went to Bible college or something Or Bible school we had that over the vacation Bible school. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, at least they knew exactly where to go getting because we had a little room that you lived the hands off of the eggs with Show them off and then you go get the eggs Right, but then when I got back to my mom my mom went back to school and I think her going back to school And she always told me because after my dad passed away she's like listen I'm gonna get you what you need But you're gonna have to give a little bit more for the things that you want Right, and she was very clear about that I'm not here to create a school brat out of you And I'm all right cool. So I went got a job I'm gonna get you that's a quote in a day. I'm gonna give you what you need But you got to get what you want that's it. I love it. That's it. She still sticks My kids are so pissed you I'm not a drain sorry I'm not a drain sorry And if you really break it down shelter food water that's it. I provided your basic essential needs Everything you else you want Go work for back when I get home. That's it. Oh dusty dusty needs to read that doesn't mean that things can't be earned Yeah, four oh because me a mom we listen. I became the great negotiator Like I got all a That's working a different way What what can you give me yeah? I think this work now what's the payment on this? Let's just talk to about you know some some things that aren't available I get back that up She did she did a pretty good job with making sure that if there was something that she could do for me getting good grades at school She would make sure that I earned it Right, that's awesome. I got one more for Andrea absolutely. I love it. I got asked is on my story and I was like, oh It's actually a good question because I I wonder what year is it doesn't it could be anything but what's your biggest In your whole life Biggest fan girl moment Oh that's a good one. I remember what you met me Star yet was it 12 years old a back street boys concert or was it? I would have to say it's probably the first time I met Jay Really I mean I met Jay and I was like wow Because I mean let's be real nobody is doing it like Jay is doing anybody is the king. I still look up to Jay Today like when I look at Jay's work ethic I like Jay's got his hands is so many different pies and by the time I because we got a friend day Believe her man does the show down in Ohio and that's when I first met Jay and first I'm like okay Jay Let me just talk to you. I'm missile that be now I'm don't shoot you straight What is it that you doing what kind of advice can you give me right for me to take and really live by to be successful in this And he's I listen don't switch up on people You started out one way don't switch up on people Right, he's like you know if if somebody had me They bite me down and I wasn't charging in then. I'm not charging them now Right, he consistent. Yes, or you build the relationships in his industry the better off You're gonna be because they though relationships themselves will serve you that's great Don't switch up on people switch up on so Jay Yeah, that's completely Jay that's so Jay and it was like wow, but again Jay Jay need more money Let's be real. Yes. You know what not one person has ever said to me that Jay Keller's changed You're right. He's always been consistent. Yeah, always and now it all makes sense You know to me yeah, I mean if for him to give me that piece of advice right it was like once I started to really embody that Mutant came along grindstone came along right wings of strength added more you know things that they wanted to do It just became a recipe for or an equation to just be successful right yeah Don't switch up tell people what the expectation is early on. I mean obviously if it changes right You need some some different things from them. You talk about it. Yeah, but do your best not to switch up And I think that's one thing that when I did meet all of you I got the same vibe and every time I wish all everybody's still the same All right, we all still work the way we were when we started I went more mature right in certain ways some of us But yeah Jay me need to scold and every now and then mama show over here Don't go on I have news for you He does dumb stuff on purpose just so you'll scold him Okay No, they're engineered no, they're first engineered No, we need to impress he likes for me to entertain him Milo see you we are gonna have a chat my friend I want you to do some very strange things with his diet That's incredible. I'm so happy that I got to chat with you like this because like I said I missed the episode And I remember being like pissed because I was like It's an Olympia champ Yeah, they brought me on a life. What do you mean he's not here? Yeah, I'm not gonna be here either Yeah, no, he's in my guy. I'm not gonna do that too. Yeah, no, that's awesome So yeah, thanks for coming on. Oh, any time I helped to sell to law. He's ready for Germany. Oh, mate. Wait. You okay? I got you okay first We're doing balls you okay first Yes, because you weren't there last year We got to have so many we're doing Germany. Oh my gosh We'll talk I'm in brushing up on my German. Oh Wow, you said my word you need to learn Help me all send you a little yeah, I'm doing a little doodling go so I do one session a night That's a phrase you need extra me No, the big steak One coffee. Yeah, yeah, we'll get it for you. Yes, okay? Thanks Yeah, thanks for joining guys For a time, Missile roll right into number five. Yes. Are we gonna wrap the show up? Are we gonna wrap this up? Do we have anything else? No, I think that's a perfect show We don't want her to get up and leave we Stop it. I'll show it. You know when you're watching the Definitely stuck with me. Remember when they watch remember when you'd watch like a letter Menor something and the guest would get up while he was still exiting the show and then like walk away And you could tell Dave's like stay till the commercial No, yeah, like you could tell they're just nervous so they're like I could get out of here Right, we didn't say cut. Yes, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, no, but it's great to have you on a draft and Or we're doing another one later or tomorrow. What are we gonna do stuff? I hope you're doing one later We've got a new new beyond board. I really want you guys to I think we gotta we should get we should get everybody Yeah, you know bring everybody yeah, yeah, we'll pump up you up That'd be good and now that we got it working we could pump him out we could wrap it fire If we want to so yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm gonna have you that okay, so I'll do the wrap up Okay, remember I am mutant calm 20% off dusty 20 big run 20 For Olympias or my promo code And remember get your all and get your eyes will serve and everyone should get on the gear Remember like share subscribe comment and There you go Scott the producer dusty hand charm myself big run parlor and of course our guests and drink shop for time Olympia Soon to be five eight nobody touching her see I'm certain to kind of talk like you're now eight nobody Yeah, you know we rollin up on her I'm in suddenly offensive did I just I don't know Okay, so thanks everybody and remember it's just body building