Who would have guessed it? And look who we got next to us. Mr. Cutler himself in the flesh. Good man. I would have talked about this for a minute since we had the video about the women. Yeah, right. I wanted to always train with Sam, but I'm not a guy that would ever ask. I mean, is that weird that I said I want to train with you? Or it's, I think it's probably mutual. Cross-generation. Either way, what do you think it's a chest? Just stay. It's your day, man. So we talked a little bit about the chest. You know, it's one of my weaker body parts in the beginning. And I always, you know, I had really dominant shoulders. So I had to learn how to really contract and really squeeze it. And the one thing I always try to preach is like, it's not always about the weight. And I think I told you that, I even about your body weight, right? So it's about really just, you know, getting the feel of the movements. Mind a muscle connection. I know it's harder for some of the new guys to understand that. By the way, you like you said you learn. That was like a series of your Reak-a-moment. I mean, the basement gym, mirror, incline bench. Once set, I was pushing my hands. And then the next one, like, it actually clicks. My chest was working. But I'm even trying to work on that today. Yeah. So we, almost like, you press from the bottom up to really to watch your chest rise. Right? So some people, they don't have the mass there. But I mean, you have the chest development now. So I think you can actually watch, you know, visually, the muscle actually contract now. Like, you can see it in my shirt, you know, rise. You know, there was some kind of clip. I remember you saying something where when you press, you took your gym. I do, and you can feel. And you know what's funny? When honey trained me, because I worked with Chris Asido who taught me as a teenager. And then honey took over training and was like, don't talk to your chin. Keep your chest out. But for some reason that it's a comfort level for me to talk to chin. So when we talk about wrong and right moves, I don't know if there are wrong and right. It's everyone is individual what they do. It's like your work sure doesn't work. It does. And like for some guys, I mean, I mean, I can see somebody where flat bench, ricks their shoulders. I mean, I see this all the time and I'm referencing the same guy every time. It'll tell me all, my shoulders are erect. I can't bench. And he's loading two plates on the bench. Oh, as he's saying that. It's like, maybe six or something. I haven't machined yourself in that's not tweaking it. But let's get some warm it up done. Okay, move number one. The more things change, the more they stay the same. So just like with hers, thinking, and playing hammer first. What do you, what kind of jumps do you go? I do. I start with two plates and then I'll go to three and that's about my limit. But you tell me what you're going to go. But I usually warm up with two. Yeah, that's a side. That's very cool. Some people start with one, but you have a care of these two plates are different. No, they're all the same. That's about you. I've got a little more OCD there. I just keep the seat really low on these. So I like a lower seat rather than a higher seat. That makes sense. Yeah, I got you. I'm going to jump in there. You can have the same machine doing more decline or incline. Maybe just scoot the seat up and down. Let me guess. 12 repetitions. How did you guess? This might be a little more actually. Yeah, it's still warming up. So I'll do two sets like this and then I'll usually go into the working sets. At least three working sets. So this is more of a feel set. Just getting a getting a blood in there. Yeah, I ended up, uh, I don't know if I end up doing feeler sets. Like, I'll do. I hate warm. I hate the term warm up because you went to 150 degrees in Vegas. I'm still a warm, right? I think I almost say feeler reps. Like, I might do like, if I already warmed up with the cables, I might do like three and then say, okay, I can handle tokens. Everything feels good. Let's move on. So you don't really care, okay? Yeah. But it's like, I got an easy way for me to do. But I get a grip position because I like a little like CRU going wider. I'm basically in the middle of that handle. Gotcha. The whole thing is chest out, right? We talked about, yep, there you go. Contraction boom, how's that feel good? Yep. That seat a good height or is it? That's right. See, like, like you said, you can kind of scoot your body down to. You have to create that art, right? Yeah. Me, like me sitting like this. I, what? That's a reverse a year. You are straight like this lean forward like hunches. That's definitely changed. All right, we're going to do one set of this way again. There you go. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. That'll be fours about the limit. That'll be heavy enough, but not so heavy. I'm going to rip something. It's like Dorian H, shit, bro. Uh, they're working set will be more like 15 or something. But like, easy to do it. It's almost like I want to conserve energy. It's not what I'm trying to think. He's like, so how many? Oh, no, guy, bro. How many are all out? Usually it's about seven. Sometimes six. Like if I did a, so if you do four plates, what do you how many sets are you thinking with the four plates? That'd be two. Or if after that first set, I might have to drop into three in the 25. But it's rare I do four sets on one machine. No, you didn't come out. You didn't sense no pretty light for me to be honest, bro. But I just don't usually go that heavy, right? Like pushes. I, uh, I just had that yesterday with legs. I'm doing leg press. I'm like, I feel really good right now. My knees feel good. But a week ago, they were feeling a little tender. So it's like, okay, rather than just immediately go all out. I don't know where. Let's just back off. Yeah, of course. So that's, that's you have to have that instinctive attitude. Never been hurt when I felt off. Because if I felt off, that was the signal to say back off. It's always when I got a lesson to your body, bro. Yeah, it's like every time I feel the best, I'm like, oh, I should push it two levels further than normal. And then I'm like in the, in the danger zone. Good. Good mum. want long work how many we call 80 sequo 1700 34 sometimes I try not to count. It's better because you're just listening to what if you got a number in your mind, you know, you hit 10. 10. It's like, oh, I did it. You know, that's why I always like you made that joke about the 12 reps. I just use as a common number. I tried not to do more than 12 if that makes sense. I hate to 12 is always my like a range of enough weight that's too light. I mean, come on. Oh yeah, for your sets. It's probably two minutes, minute and a half. If I'm feeling antsy, maybe a minute like triceps or no, and like a side ladders, that could be a minute. Because I'm not going to heavy. So yeah, 30 pounds and burning. But something like this, I really have you one. Probably two or three minutes. Enough time to just feel my heart get back to normal. I'm not huffing. And I feel like I can do the same weight for at least 80% each of that seed set. But I mean, sometimes if I felt like that was heavier than expected, I'd drop this to three in a 25. How do I feel? Oh, I got one more. But yeah, probably just, I mean, I'd probably do the two sets here and then block. Like I'll do three sometimes. But if you think it's enough, like you said, you said you're feeling good with it. Because it's like I want to do enough, but there's no point in doing too much. So I'm trying to find that line. Yes. Let's go. A little peak. A little peak. A little peak. Good. Come on. Oh, yeah. Yeah, that's probably too heavy. Not with the assisted reps. That was eight. But it's just a little bit of this. Yeah. Yeah, it's hard not to utilize it because I'm like fighting mine. You know what happens? This is what happens when you start to struggle. So we talk about that, right? That's where the weight, remember when you were talking about the tricep press downs? Yeah. That's, you know, I'm trying to find it, but it's, it's like it's easy on the first three. It was okay. This weight is moving. But yeah, it's hard to find. That's what I learned training with people unless I never really had training partners. But when I did, it always helps to get through that little peak, right? To keep once you start bringing the triceps in the shoulders, how much you've been offending when that one area, right? Well, would you finish all your pressing first? No, I go. Sometimes I, what I would I always talk about and not to say that I followed this to extreme pump stretch, pump stretch. That's kind of how I guided. So if I, now I kind of do like some sort of fly, open up more tissue, more blood flow, since I already got some blood in there. Dress those fibers, get some more, and then pump. But you take it to what you're doing, what your normal range is. Well, I'll follow some of that. But you a, more cable flyer, we can do a cable fly. I'm trying to think, uh, I mean, it was a cable. Okay. We can find one. Yep. Have any of you like this handle? That one? No, that. I was by the say, through the fat grips applied to the cables too. I'd probably grab the thinnest one. This probably can be some floating around here somewhere. Are you doing a single army? You're going to do both. I was thinking, both. Huh? Yeah, both arms. You want to go low? You want to go high? Maybe, uh, what do you like? 17. You got, you see the 17 or yeah, that's it. Yeah, that's the right. Sometimes I feel like, okay, I just did an incline upper chest movement. Now, I might just make this more of a decline fly. And then I'll go back and forth. There's like a back, I might do lats, and then traps, and then lats, like, altering between pull-outs and rows. Similarly, just. Same thing, chest out. You know what's crazy is that? You know, when I do videos and I talk about the movements, sometimes it's hard for me to explain because I think we talked about this, you just do it, right? So it's sometimes it, you don't think about it because this is the way you learned. Yeah, like, some, uh, so when you try to explain to your viewers, sometimes it's a little difficult because, like, you know, there's certain body positions, every, like, I just didn't like this. I've done it like this like this. I want to see how you're going to do this one. So as I said, this is kind of like the same as the style, irresistently. Because usually, I just stand right in the middle, but I think I've been cutting my stretched position short because if I'm right here holding the weight, it doesn't give me your is my right. I can hold this forever because all the forces just go through my bones. Yeah. If I take a few steps forward, it's pulling my chest back. You'd you notice when I step forward? Yeah. So maybe the irres still that from you when you guys worked out. I don't think we, I don't know if we did chest. Yeah, I don't remember. Yeah. So we didn't let you kind of know that. Maybe we did, we did shoulders, I think actually. Good stretch, good. Yep. So your whole focus is shoulders, you know, keep the shoulders out of it. So keep that chest high and forward and that's what you're doing, bro. You're hitting it just right. Yeah. I probably end up just doing one more of these and then, do you want to open weight? No, I was just happy. I probably want to go on and have you in that. This next life's going to lighter. Oh, yeah, come on. Burn them out, last couple. Let's go. 70 right, you were 80 last time. Yeah, 70 meters. Do you, uh, you're looking yell back? Like you're not, you're really in a set. No, because I never trained with a partner. Yeah, that's, it was when I was working out there was he yelled it was hers is yelling. I'm so well, I'm wrong. And all the, it's like, dude, Sam, what the? Errs is yelling at you, dude, I said, you're not saying anything. It's like, I think subconsciously, I almost want the set to speak for itself. Well, you know what it is here yelling at yourself inside. Right, because this man, I watched a lot of your stuff and like you said, you're in this place by yourself, who's yelling at you? Who's motivating you? How hard you work when the room is empty because of a lot of empty rooms when you're training, right? I, I mean, I feel like so many guys in introduction is like a football weight room or wrestling room. And those video, like the energies insane, 30 dudes screaming at you. I feel like it's got to be hard to go from that to just you. Dude, I trained at home for years. I built the home jam and I trained when I won my pro card in 96. So I built the home gym with 2000 feet. I had all the best equipment and I literally trained at home. So when people say, I, you unmotivated to train at your home or train where there's no atmosphere. I, I wouldn't even, you, if you asked me what the music was, I have no idea. I never heard the music ever in the gym because people like, man, the music sucks in here. I'm like, what music? I didn't hear it. All I was, I just had tunnel vision. When you listen to my videos, I was so locked in. All I thought about was what I went through my head a hundred times. I knew exactly when I went in the gym and what I was going to do. That's it. I, uh, I'll usually have the headphones going. But it's, I get, I see some guys talk about like the music's a crutch. I feel like, well, what if I don't have my music? It's cool to go to the, like, when you're on the way to the jam and you got the music blared up, which you're not doing, because you're talking on the way to the gym right by it. So, for the, I like it on a sec. Mid set, I need to go on turn my like it, put the headset on and you go, right? I mean, but in between you just breathe. That's it now. Yeah. All right, that's a good burn. Yeah, I like, uh, I like that. So, you can, you same weight. But just by changing it from a fly to a little press, you can do a few acts. Let me ask you this, though. So, you went from, you started at 80. So, is this a common weight at your gym that you usually use? Yeah. So, there's this, this is a few different from the one you normally use. What else? Well, let me think about it. Do you think, is this one heavier? Yeah. It's, I feel like depending on what gym you're trying at summer heavier than others, right? It's got to be close. 80, it's close. Gems is not the same 80 at other gyms, right? I always said it goes in Venice has a lighter weight. Yeah, yeah, it is the two here. Now what do you think? I'd probably go back to some sort of press. Yeah. How, where's the, what kind of not let's one? In Iraq. Should go back to. Color, make the gym know. Yeah, it's a little different. With your place. Yeah. Because I'm like, what do you think? And the weight in black is so sormtrooper. Yeah. But, you know, not a list or that selectorized piece. This is good. So, if you want, this is pretty decent on math. That's like, no, probably would be pretty good after. Let me, this one's pretty decent because you have some different, here's some different handles here, you know? Yeah. Let me do a feel here, see. It's like, because sometimes they get a lot of front delts, even if I'm like, really, see how it feels. This handles pretty good too for that. Very different. Oh, yeah, that's something. So you're going to get a lot of the upper chest on this. Yes, come in. Is this a further enough back for you? It's one quick turn about. That's this week's about it. Okay, let's, I'll start the so let's put a plate on. I, I have two good for this. You think so? Yeah. I think you, you'll do more, but. Close that higher grips a little heavier. Oh, much leverage. Is about constant tension. You see how this feels, it might still be a little light for you. Let's see. Oh, I'll feel this for over 10. Nice and secluded back here. Yeah. Okay, yeah, you're right. Right, right? Yeah. Okay. Now, this is for within the realm of normalcy. Now, fast forward a few months. When instead of a hundred, 50 grams of carbs a day, I mean, like 800, is that an average usually 800 carbs? Well, that'd be like, get deep into a book. You have a hear about my thousand carb pre-contest diet days? That's, that's specifically. Yeah. How long is that for you? I dieted. I dieted. Dude, I first Arnold victory 10 weeks, thousand carbs a day. Then your whole job becomes eating. Yeah. No cardio, double session training. Back in my era, it was training twice a day. I was on a two-day kick because I had just read something or watch something where it was like, okay, your muscle, your window of muscle protein synthesis is 48 hours. So, I heard that a stuck with it. I said, okay, if it's 48 hours, I should hit a muscle, rest a day, hit it again. It's now it's been 48 hours. Okay. So, I had a limb day and a torso day. So, limb day, I do legs in the morning, arms and night. Torso Dad, you're back in the morning, just a night. Okay. I did it for like three months. I think I don't even, like, I was bulky in quotes. Like I was just eating. Yeah. When I'm hungry. So, like, it sounded like a shrunk, but it does burn a lot more calories. Definitely, definitely more active. Yeah. So, I did, like, if I did legs together, I'd do hamstrings in the morning, five hours later, do quads. I think. And then I would do, like, I did, I split arm training then. So, I did like chest in the morning and biceps at night. And then I would do shoulders and triceps. So, I would do the split that way. I get curious about splitting up legs because if I, if I'm bulking up and I get a quite only day, yeah, like so much energy. But then it's where do I put hamstrings? Well, a lot of people put hamstrings with triceps or the arm. Yeah, but a lot of people do it that way, which, to me, is awkward, but it works for a lot of people. Yeah. Yeah, I might be good. But you first of me first. Yeah. Let's hit it. All right, let's go now. Better right. Yeah. Good. Screage. Good. Do some part, so let's grow. Come on. Then you know, okay. That was good. I want to see. A 25 might have been okay. Was it heavier than what you thought? I want to try this. That might have been little lighter than what I thought actually. But we got a few extra minutes of rest talking about legs. Or, well, an extra minute. I might just do a drop set for the next one. Ah. You know what the crazy thing is, though, is that my age still no pain. No shoulder pain, no elbow pain, no knee pain. I'm trying to get better at that. My rate of injury has decreased drastically because of why I think it's because of all the feedback up here and everybody say, you're going to wait to fucking heavy. And it's like, sometimes I'm just doing it like I said 12 with three plates. And like that's pretty reasonable weight. And I'll still get it. But just from here, everybody like, it creeps in your mind enough where you hear it and you're like, okay, might be on a something here. Back off a little warm up a little more. Like with just, I can't really, I can pinpoint the last time I had a crunchy shoulder because of all that cable stuff. Like, how did your chest feel right now? Oh, can pump. Yeah. So with this weight, what do you want to go with? Oh, I'm going to have the same. No, that's one more plate, but it'll be a drop set. So you want to do a full plate? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, full plate. And then we'll drop it after I fail with this. So after seven probably, that's the guess that's eating beat it. Take your time now. Paste yourself. I had to say that because, you know, okay, let's go. Come on. Come on. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. Thank you. I'd easy work now. No. Yeah. It's impressive. That's a good good. Subjectively. I feel like just one set of flies would be enough to finish my break. Okay, I was always, I always talk about, um, they get, I trained a failure. I was a crazy volume trainer. 20 sets per body part, including biceps triceps. But I never trained to failure. If I told you in my career, I very rarely ever went to failure. If ever, you won't find many videos of me online training to failure. Yeah. I, uh, I don't know who I remember seeing this clip of, um, I think it's just Korean guy or something. It's in legs, trunks, like absolutely, you know, 10 reps sets, totally had like five left. So I do think about that. It's like, everyone is different with what I think you have to choose one. So if you're going to do crazy volume, you can't train to absolutely like this. But if you're going to train to failure, you can't do the crazy volume, right? So yeah, it's like, it's like an area under the curve. If you do 10 sets, you do six sets, they have to be extra intense. So you're reaching this average threshold. But if you back off a little and you do more that workload, but you train a lot like hers when I train with hers, a lot of the, a lot of the sets were to failure like that. And I never prefer doing necessarily drop sets as much, although I did, don't get me wrong. But remember, I didn't have a training partner a lot of the time. So I don't know how you're handling your drop sets now if you're training by yourself and the gym. You still do, you get off the and change yourself. Well, I do use of your drops. That's with the with cable stacks. Okay. It's just a quick little easier, right? Yeah. But I think that pectical, right? You want to try this one? Yeah. I like these. So what's nice about this piece is this is the platform goes up and down. So, you know, no matter what your height is, the platforms there. So I usually prefer this because it's different piece. I didn't really, I didn't have this in my heyday. Yeah. So you notice, I'll still kind of keep my head up, right? And squeeze that chest. I'm not so concerned about a little bit of shoulder hunching on something this decline is your front delts just don't get much activation at all. Like they're working to raise your arms upward. So sometimes when I do these decline flies, I end up cramming it a little more than maybe I would like to. Oh, a little after you. Yeah, always says that. He said that a whole time on me. I'm going to go a little heavier. I never overestimate. Oh, shit. Jared Feather right there. Are you signing the wall? I don't know. It looks like these are all I have to be be pros. Maybe we'll see this for later. Of the mystically. Yeah. What about these? It's. Water now. Yeah, I think there'll be a work in sa Good now. You're that now outer lower right? Good. Yeah, I think that's bad enough. I think seven sets has been my number the last few months. One, we're back in 2002. I didn't count. We're good set as well as no matter what I'm doing. I'm repin' numbers. You think posing room or whatever you want. Here you can do anywhere. Let's see how it works. You should ask him, you know. I love to hear what I've learned about Sam today more than anything is that it's very instinctive. He's just taken it by whatever roles. Every day is going to be different. You may think that you're going to have to feel a certain way or feel a movement. Some of those days, I can't tell you how many times I drove through the gym. Got to gym training for Olympia. This isn't the day. Can I turn around left? Yeah. Do you ever have those days? It's rare. I think I'm setting myself up for success in a way. I think even the days where I feel like shit, I reroute it and I'm like, okay, it's good that it's hard. It's good. It's sleep less. Totally stupid. Totally should have just, but there's a certain value in having the ability to do that. I think you can look at two guys where they say, okay, I'm a little under-recovered. I should probably take a rest day today and they stay home. That's one. Like he's saying objectively, it's better if I stay home recover and come back tomorrow and train harder. But the same situation could be. I don't feel like it. Let's do a rest day. Like that guy wouldn't even want to go. So it's like, I almost think it's better when guys take it too far and then they back off. Do you have a day off? I'm probably going to have to add some. I'm feeling, I train seven days right now. But not when I was trained to focus, I found like three on one off, two on one off schedule. I actually followed that routine, which is odd, but five total days in the week, but three straight, train two more days and take a day off. I think I'm starting to feel the need to reduce my quad volume or reduce the quad intensity. And it's like, when I'm bulking up, my legs end up being the biggest, or I can see they're like making faster developments. It's slow no matter what, but I can still notice it with heavier pressing stuff. I'm doing a lot more leg press, but if I do three good sets of leg press, two sets of smiths, squatter something like my leg just still sore that next leg. Yeah. I might have to back off quad-wise and same thing diving down. Like if I do two, like even just two weeks ago, I did like three leg days in a row, like in the routine where heavy leg press, heavy leg press, that fourth came around, like, can do that. I shouldn't even do quad-zone. I can still feel them like I'm accruing too much fatigue. So I mean, you take food out of the equation. Not eating so many carbs, everything. Yeah. Might have to back off a little. But not into a rest day. I don't like the idea of taking it unless you know you need it. It's like the guy saying, well, 20 minutes of cardio is actually better than an hour. But he would never do that hour. The guy who tried it and said, okay, this is too much. He's got a different value system. I'll see a lot of power list of guys almost making fun of younger dudes. Like new to the gym and they're saying, I don't squawk as it's not optimal. The fatigue to stimulus ratio, it's not there. But the kids never squawked. Yeah. It's different for the guy who squatted 600 to say that. Because he has a deeper understanding of it. Like there's a difference between like lifting knowledge and like lifting wisdom almost. So I think I've been on the return from going too much too heavy, too frequently. It's easing back to I think more options. As well remember, if you're going into some sort of a deeper prep with low carbs, you're going to uncharted territory that you've never been in before. Exactly right. It's like it wouldn't make any sense to do everything exactly the same if my food has rapidly halved from what it used to be. Well, it's a, you know, it's fine. Some lighting or pumps are deflating. It's okay. It's okay. It's just complete. And the plan is, this would be about 10 weeks out or so. So you tell me what's jumping out at you. Oh, start holding those. It's why you know what we'd practice? Yeah. 10. Contitan. The post-lifter. And you know, and then every pose, right? And yeah, so I'm going to move. I feel like I'm in. That's going to condition you. The way I've been doing is I always have an extra squeeze. Yep. Because I'm aiming for your conditions. Your conditions decent decent decent. Okay. Good. I mean, you're not in any kind of, oh, my gosh, like in 10 weeks out, but yeah, you need to definitely, you know, start turning it up a little bit, you know. If the show is in 10, if it's a 10 week, you know what I mean? You're the a lean. Just getting some sort of a sequence. I mean, the body looks good. I mean, backs, the backs are your best body, aren't right? Yeah, do that little so you can see the, yeah. Yeah, that's great. Good. So you're going to check the biceps good to you, to the bicelli. There you go. See that's what you're going to have to see. So when you do this, you're going to have to learn to breathe into it. Really, because of some round after round, they're going to, they're going to torture you depending on how close it is. You know, obviously, you don't want to make it. That's why conditioning factor. You have enough mass. It's what's shown off. But you know, it's about conditioning. Like you can, you have the ability, like you have the fibers, like the shoulders and the side. You see all the striations. You know, this, make sure this is, you know what I mean? Just get that crazy, really, like, remember, your abs and all the poses, especially, they have to be, yes, like see all this when you hit it. But you shouldn't have to work. Breathe. Breathe. Yeah, you're right. Right. So this is where you have to start conditioning, opposing now, because posing every day is going to give you that conditioning. So I know you're going to, but you've got to start holding these poses longer than what they can't just showing off for the camera and the fans, right? So it's just, you got to have this is where you can come in. You know, your, your, your pose, like you have what is it front, last thread for the rest of your body, right? Side, chest and back double, right? Yeah. So though you, I mean, you don't have as many as a, as a real body building, but remember, it, the legs going to be in there, all that. That means to be everything. combination of tightness. Yes. And that midsection due to this classic, that tight midsection, right? That's one thing. If you ever look at a lot of my stuff due to my midsection, I always had crazy midsection, I always flat because I practice holding it in, right? And just really, you almost have this, we talk about all the time, you're sucked to your spine. Because when you sucked to your spine right there, you just look at that dude. It's going to bring in all those intercostals, everything. And it's going to make your upper torso look bigger, right? Hosing is going to be your biggest key to your success. And that means practice because it looks like we love the training, the posing some other fucker. Yeah. The posing practice is definitely subpar compared to that. So instead of going through, you've got to just, like, so I would go through the quarter turns three times each time, 10, I would do that three times, three times. So that's seven poses, right? We have seven or eight. Like, I mean, we have abs and thighs. We have, you know, side tries up which you guys don't have, which I hope they open up. Keep you guys more opportunity to do that, you know? They don't have side tries up. Do they have side? No, right? They do it. You guys are all going to do it in your posing routine. I think you should do all the poses because you have the physique to do what I mean, do this, everything, right? What they have abs and thighs? For a while, I thought it was like kind of, what's your signature? What is your signature on your clothing? Oh, that's, I think it's something along these lines. Yeah, I know. The clothing's just the last one. Oh, okay. But a lot of the, a lot of the username, like profile. Yeah, that's why I thought there's some, okay. When you're sitting on the arm, twisting back because he's got such a low-lapse. Yeah, yeah, I do that. I'm sorry, I'm not. I mean, you could do a lot, bro. Just open this stuff up, you know? I mean, just, yeah, once you're conditioned to, I mean, because you're going to, they're going to ask you your favorite posing, favorite, um, favorite, um, favorite class. Yeah, right, yeah. And that's, uh, I feel like that's almost half, maybe think about who's next to you. It's like, if the guy's next to you. Well, I mean, like, what's bomb said's the very right one. He does that. He always says that because it's like he's so wide, you know? And I feel like you have, you ever, the width. I thought he did something like this. Yeah, yeah, he does this in like, uh, like the suction. Right. Yeah, he said to it. Let's see, yeah, what else? Yeah, I mean, dude, you're just, when you get home, bro, it's time to rock and roll. You're not traveling much now, right? I would, it's pretty much nothing. But you're not doing any cardio now. Cardi a session. Hey, you're not doing any cardio now. I'm like, cardio every morning 30 minutes. Okay. Yeah. That's okay. I thought you were doing nothing. I was not ready for that. That's pretty good for just training and whatever. Yeah. Now, there's cardio. Your back is lean. Like, yeah, I was, I was surprised myself. I went after the last back day when I saw my reflection. Yeah, with all the, what do you call that? Your erector is your real strength. Yeah. See, yeah, that's what's going to be. Yeah, it's up for me. But you know what it is now? It's just getting in the rhythm. So it's like more consistency to your program. Yeah. And you can, you know, dial right into your, all this is ready. Just, you guys, all you gotta tighten up is just the midsection. And obviously the backs there, you know, but it's crazy. Because your midsection's, your lower, his lower backs leaner than his midsection is. Yeah. Yeah. Dickens. You know, like, you know, we don't get this shit till the very end. Like, it's always, I held it here, you know? Yeah. And I was always leaning in my midsection, but your, your shit right now is, got it back where you can, you can see it. You can see it. You can see it. Look at it, bro. Yeah, I mean, look at that. It's better than something I saw. Yeah. If you just pull one. Right. Is that what he was seeing? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That would be that. Yeah. Sounds like I know tips from a, I mean, look at, look at the, like, let's get the crazy backs. Yeah. It's a, oh, the starting point. Yeah. I know, but he's not, he's been going, but I'm saying is like, hey, get on, like, this is your, this is your now you go home and it's like, right, more sequence, you know, because this is a countdown, bro. It's that you get to six weeks down, like you're in the zone. That's, there's no world at that point, you know, you're practicing, practicing, practicing, practicing at that point. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Those poses, posing, posing, posing, you know, you're in charge of the posing. Take them through the rounds. Like I said, three rounds. Three rounds of, uh, three rounds of, uh, three rounds of. Back and it's hold. And then, in that way, you can, when you, when you see this, and you can do, like, the positioning, okay, does it look better here? Does it look better with a little, you know, because as a condition comes and more is going to show you're going to be able to show the serratus and all that, right? The packs that's going to be more striations here. Obviously, you've got the crazy striations in the shoulders. So sometimes, you know, you might want to show that off, like, you know, in different poses like the Arnold poses good to, you can look good on all those poses. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, look at how full your chest is. I mean, see the midsection, see when you, all this gets tightened up, roll, like, see all this. That's, that's going to be, well, you got, uh, you're training abs. Yeah, sometimes. I'm going to, I'll add it in. I just did it after cardio, like two days ago, like eight sets. Yeah. Do you have a crunch? Yeah. So I'll add it that more. Yeah. I got to have you text me some kind of, uh, little routine list. Oh, they're every new girl. Whatever you need, man. Yeah. Well, do your time training it with the best. You're not. You're not. You have a whole, uh, you're going to motivate a lot of people. So I'm happy to know that there's going to be a stage at the end of this, you know, so No, Chris. It's always been the plan. But like, why? Yeah, but no, no one, do you know, it was a big question. Well, I wouldn't do, right? I mean, if you did you know, but for today, even after this, it's talked about it. But never, like, yes, I do. Even after this, it'll still be well. Okay. You know, who, you know, every promoter in the US is going to be looking for him to come to the show. I'm pleased to know. Yeah. We're a little longer. Yeah. He's not going to wait that long. He's got things to do. I know, I know where his mind is going. It's, I'm not saying. Yeah. Well, just said to see what happens is that anybody can talk to talk. Yeah. Show off. See what kind of result he can actually make happen. Yeah, this is a, I hopefully people comment on their thoughts on that. It was a highlight of our front of month. It's a good question. Keep crushing. Okay. You look great. Oh, appreciate it. Bring a home man. Just wait for it. We'll see some more updates. This time passes. We might first time blow up to 20 years. And all that was like when you when I've, do that, I died it out. I've been that light since I was 16. It's old, you know. Well, sweet. Thank you. Yeah. I'm going to go back to go back to making sure we don't over eat and get a cardiovascular going. Get a cardiovascular today. I did this morning. I do faster in the morning. Yeah. I do it more from my mind than I do for my body. But you know, I get a, so I get a little gym at the apartment. Mm. Sometimes I don't even like, I'd rather go to the real one. But then I'm like, okay, I'm wasting 40 minutes drive in here. Sometimes it's a mental thing. You know, it's I always talk about the meditation that we get from training and cardio. And sometimes those rides. We talk it on the way to the cardio. Okay. So you didn't learn in meditation now. Well, sometimes it'll, it'll depend. Like if I wasn't going to record that workout, yeah. I might just record the cardio. They hate it though. They, a full video only talk about cardio. But you got to hear it. You know, that's, that's never going to end. Good man. Yeah. Well, it's going to be tough. Yeah.