Alright, so I was under the impression the sweating is might add to the contrast, but honestly, it makes it a little more subtle. Depending on what you're going for, either a plus or minus, but little updates on the back end of everything else that's been going on. We get the merch fucking moving. Let's all cut through a couple of sort of b-roll shots. Or we ended up making it. Kind of a short sleeve looking gray kind of stone washed. They've all got a similar little kind of stylized, like last spread sort of logo. And then over the back, everything's got some kind of something in like a pressed silicone. But I'm kind of jumping the gun, man. You know, this isn't just like a fucking overnight thing. I guess it's kind of a lot of extra planning. I wasn't really expecting. You know, you think it's just like, alright, let's go to, let's go to a printifying, make some kind of random. Like, no, there's a lot more back end stuff at work. But assuming all's gone well, this shit is life. And we got the same, sooo like, dot com and everything. Yesterday, in the in Mark, we all, we went to, we went to American Barbell. We were sitting there for like four hours getting all the product shots of us doing like some sets. And a lot of this. So a lot of like, I could, you know, just standard kind of standard kind of shit. But let's see if you can, so cutting over the shoulders. Because obviously, I'm diving down right now. Literally, 100% of what I fucking stand for right now. So if you're not, you know, if you're not trying to trim down, guess what? You're not at a freaking luck because couple of the widths, some of the cutting shirts, get a kind of a grayish. I don't know, okay, far away with this sort of lighting. But a grayish, more of a light red. Maybe. If you're on the bulk, you're not freaking worry. You have got you covered, right? And not only do I think the silicone is just kind of extra cool. But you do have the added benefit of, it's a little bit of extra grip on some kind of the, any kind of press that you're doing. But don't, don't worry, I'm not going to turn every video into like a freaking Sam kind of merch add. But what's really cool about the way, because like, this is cool. Like honestly, when me and Mark actually got all these final versions in and everything, like we're fucking extra hyped. Because I mean, we've been working on this for months, not like not just the design stuff, but it takes a while to get these sort of things moving. So seeing an actually in person, ready to go, I was getting this real excited. But the cool part is, now I can do whatever, you know? Because it's, you know, it's not like we've partnered with some kind of random whatever. Like, this is just all us. Like we got a little design team who's helping me sort of, like if I want bits on this to look like this and like I love the way that this shirts specifically feels like not, I mean, not feels to wear, but like the bagginess and the sleeves and everything else. So it's gotten to the point now where like I can kind of think of something, get down and description, and then we can just jump straight to making, you know? And that's extra cool for me because, I mean, it's not like any other, because I've been totally quiet about it. Like all the comments where you guys talk about, like Sam, when are you going to release this or when are you going to partner with these guys to do? I have one to talk about it, you know? Because it's like a knock on a wood situation. You know, I want to kind of get it moving first. But there I'll be more to come here for sure. And I want to hear your feedback, you know? Because I've said this about the videos before. I'm not just making them for fun. I make these because you guys like them. Like if I, if in the beginning when I was posting these, I don't think I would have kept doing it for this long unless I got the, you know, unless I built this kind of like perception which is absolutely fucking same. Like today is Thanksgiving. The video is, you know, it's the next day, but I, like when I look back, it's just absolutely insane how crazy these last two and a half years have been. Because it's like, you know, it's a, I'll talk to some guys that haven't seen before and it's like, get whole world for Sam totally flips freaking upside down. But, oh yeah. So just a black kind of grayish hoodie or not, grayish shorts leave shirt. Little on the baggie rent, most of this stuff is just true to size. Like this is a 3 XL. And like it's, it's like a little bit draped but nothing too crazy. Yeah. Black shirts just got pumped over the back. We were trying to, we were trying to figure out some way to do like a, like a sweat activated thing where it's like, once you were drenched, all those letters would be revealed, but it's nothing came to that. Maybe that's for like a version too, but yeah, for, for this little silicone looking starter line, there will be more to come on. Extra excited about it. So I'll splice a, yeah, I should have already spliced them up some of the website stuff, but the last part is just a, was the plain ass sullacudi. And they've all got a little, they've all got a little Sam on here. Oh, I didn't even talk about it. They, we had a little extra holographic reminder onto the tag of all these things. You can't see it now, but in a close up, yeah, what does that say? So I get to go home. We can cut to cuts of the drive to back and I'll slap one of these things on and put it through its paces and get it just as drenched if not more drenched than this. So, we'll, we'll update for ya. Well, I'll see you in the car. Yes, that's, that's an, that's an important work going on for the last couple of weeks, but it's cool. I'm glad that's finally actually moving. Now the tricky part is over. I guess just have fucking fun, but, you know, so if we, we maybe come up with a little back and forth in the comments about what to get going next, nothing too crazy, nothing too wild, but if we're gonna branch out, one, I'll be the same, they won't be the same, just, you know, rubber letters kind of stuff. There's a lot of room to play around, but, play over tonight with back, pull down, rose, pull over, same as normal. I mean, you're really not the craziest thing in the world, but this gym does have one machine, which I'm a little extra excited for. And that's the sort of like hammer strength. I'd say, I think they call it a low, they might call it like a high row, but what I like about it is I can sit here and really get a deep, lat stretch in the front. And as I do the movement, the handles like sort of range of motion path leads, not just like straight towards you, but almost in front of you downward. So it's like pulled out at the top and then it pulls into more of a row. So it basically ends up suddenly squeezed the, squeezed the F, squeezed the frick out of my, out of my entire back from lats to even upper traps if I really kind of try to pull my elbows together and keep my shoulders up a little bit. Usually I try to make it a bit more lat-focused, but that's kind of the cable finisher that I've been doing for a little while, you know, where I go, put like a bench on an incline cable to extra lengthy handles. I kind of do that same sort of thing where it's like a lat-focused stretch and then leaning back in and more of a complete back-activating squeeze. Now, usually I like that cable version as the finisher, but for whatever reason this machine version, I usually like to start with it. So I apart from the fact that, you know, I know I'm going to be pulled out of the rows and pull over his stuff. I think I want to try to change it up and not only do the fact that lifting in different ways is going to give you different kind of stimulus and, you know, it's just going to be better all around, but it's just better for you as a fucking lifter. You know, okay, so you'll get more experience, just more experience period. You know, with different movements and how this feels after this, like benching on a Smith machine feels completely different if you've just done three sets of like cable work flies or cable presses beforehand and now you're pretty exhausted. So it's almost like you can't even just look at a workout as simply an exercise by exercise basis. Like a lift that's comprised of pull-downs, rows and pull-overs can feel extremely different depending on the order that you do them as well as like if you do heavy sets of this, more lighter squeezing sets of this, maybe some stretch focus like partial rep. Like there's a lot of different variables to it. And what I think is extra cool is it's easy to play around, you know, it's not because as long as your intensity is there, it's really hard to go wrong. Like you'd have to actively be doing something a little bit weird and off to really set yourself down the wrong path of any sort of specific muscle part, muscle, muscle group lift. So with back, I mean, you can throw a dude on just a seated row and pull down and if he wouldn't not switch attachments every so often, his back is going to be sweet. And then if you gave a guy like the fancies gym in the world with every different pull-down machine angle and strength curve and you had him go extra hard, he might get a bit more variability out of that training. But not so much that like, you know, in a year, the beginner might even really see it difference, you know, and I just mean to say that as a beginner lifter and I don't want to see that like a negative connotation sort of way. But for somebody who's very prone to new games, I think it's a better way to say it, then, the actual like exercise choices per se, it's not a, it shouldn't take the foreground of what you should be focusing on. Going hard, really pushing past the in the comfortability of like exerting yourself, that should be goal number one, baining wise, tandem with, you know, maintain reasonable form if you're, if you're benching, you know, ease into it, don't just drop 185 on your face, like little things like that. But that sort of, that should go with that same, you know, but, you know, so that's a plan for time. I want to try to change it up, but keep the intensity, the energy and everything else in between the same as normal. So, you know, I say that now, if I do end up doing a back day, which I've kind of done before, if I feel like it's just the best move for tonight, what could you do? I mean, that's just what's going to happen. But I am going to try to change it up, so all, probably specifically look for things and exercise orders or like maybe, maybe some super sets that I haven't done at least super recently. But, like that's, that's all there is to say, the preface it, let's just get started. All right, I don't typically start with this machine, and now that I think about it, I don't think I've ever started with this machine, or even, I don't think I've even fucking used it before. It's kind of a multi-grip sort of row, but with the orientation that I'm going to do today, I'm thinking, underhand at that lowest setting, and this is lighter than I could potentially like move around, but heavy enough that I want to go or I can still get a really good squeeze. So, I want to make this a bit more of a controlled set, no throwing it around, full second hole, like, yeah, yeah, and then burn out that fascia. And the very next set, I might do a little heavier and be a little more British, but I think this would be good start, and let's start that I don't normally do, so I think I changed it up goal as well. That's where this next one. A little heavier and a little quicker, and then just go from there. Oh, yeah, let's do one more. Goal-de-lux style right between those two weights, and then move on. Yeah, this is definitely a starting haven't started with at least for a while. Oh, okay. I think mid to upper back has just been wrecked, I was gonna smack some lats with a basic approach. I guess one does. Classic pull down will do well. Now, this first set, I'm gonna make a little heftier throw this shit around. Like, I'm still gonna squeeze at the bottom of course, but this would just be a heavier set. And then next one, I'm gonna draw the weight by half and do a real squeezing focus kind of thing. But I do think that an even balance of some heavier quicker reps and some slower squeezing once, usually slower and lighter, but not always. I think it's a good way to go bad. Oh, yeah, okay. Holy crap. Yeah, that was good. Like, I was a petite insect, but that actually might have been a little too heavy. Let's drop it to, well, from 26 to 180, make this next one more slow squeezing focus. Then go from there. Already, probably about halfway, guys. Doesn't take too much. Plus, I'm extra carb duck from Thanksgiving today, so I think that helps the energy levels. Ooh. One more like that. And then let's move on to that half pull down, half room machine behind me. There's Mark. He's got some legs tonight, so not a tandem lift, but he's getting left for it. Faster, faster whip debats after 11 souhan of stuff. No. No. No. No. No. Yeah. Holy crap. Let's see that pull over thing. A rope pull down thing. And obviously, if it's a good set, I think that's it. That can see on that. Wow. No point even saying it. And we won't see him probably just a set or two. Two plates felt like a little, well, like a little little. Four would be too much. I think three might be the sweet spot. And there's potential for this become a drop set, but I got to finish the first portion first. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh. No. No. No. No. Oh. No. No. No. No. No. No. Oh yeah. Yeah, I lied. No need to start bringing drops out there. Just that straightener's good. That's it. Let's go fucking pose them, man. That was a quick one. But still, about as much volume as I was aiming for. Three rows, three pole downs. Seven sets. If they're good, I think you may not need too many more. But let's go find some lighting. And now we're back to the fucking beginning, except much later into the day. So if one little note, if this audio is like totally scuffed, the music in here is like crazy loud. So I probably had to do some kind of like fucking noise, reducer, sort of whatever. But let's see how we're looking, pumps. It's the root of the damn pump cover. Oh yeah. I would say living up to the silicon dead damper. But let's actually get some real data. Sorry. So this is with an extra 800 calories worth of a re-thed. I did end up eating a bit more than I intended to during the Thanksgiving dinner. But that's all right. I'm not saying for all the time, but for this sort of instance specifically for me, it just kind of casts as a little bit of a re-feed, which I just about two months in nearly. I was probably due for it. So one day is not going to kill you. Obviously. It's when you start like, oh, re-feed Monday. Re-feed Tuesday. Re-feed Friday. It's, you know, there's a limit to where you're actually using it for an intended purpose. Versus, you're just not even, you're not even sticking to your deficit anymore. So it should be a touch extra carved up. So this post then might be a little freaky of the normal. No. All right. Then same shift in the back. Ooh. Now that is a Christmas tree if I've ever fucking seen when I ran. And we're on tracks at some cool shit now. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my god. All right. Well, back more than fucking complete. Holy shit. Let's do one more then. Then we get ready to get ready to get ready to get ready. Okay. There we go. Now we can find that screen. What do you think? Pumps? Yeah. This is. So look at this. Like lower back. Look at all those extra fucking lions. All right. Jesus. And I'm like, like, I'm soft. Not relatively to like everybody else, but like, there's a lot of pinchable fluff in here. So next month, month after. This is a good fucking nuts. The house lights. Very good. Crazy. For us. Post. Thanks give it a meal. After the first set of super heavy leg. Like, like, press. I was like, oh, so we finished dinner. We basically came right over here. Honestly, that first set of rows of those two, pretty uncomfortable. I had like, at a bunch of extra fucking turkey. I will say this though. That was probably our best Thanksgiving turkey ever cooked. I'm talking dry, salt brine, butterflide in the oven. Popfully new to do it. But let's get in your dough. Let's take this. Let's just roll it up again. All right, won't. There's. Let's get out of here. Yeah, that was quite the freaking back day indeed. A little quicker, a little higher paste. And I could definitely tell him, I kind of exer. I want to say an exercise. But energy level, like set by shit. Now, y'all, it's not reflective. You know, like, that work at us feeling pretty, pretty well. Intergest. And really, just because I was well fed. You know, so back onto my 20 something hundred calorie limit tomorrow. And then I am good. So I want to be surprised if the next couple days will be at a new low of a 230-30-8 or so, 230-8 morning weight. Empty stomach empty everything. And then just keep going from there. Back, especially I'm excited for it to see Git leaner because chest, extra veins, extra fibers. Obviously fucking cool. Right. Same thing with triceps and legs, hamstring separation, abs, shoulder striations. Okay, I'm getting excited about all that. But back specifically has some key features, which are extra cool. Right. That kind of Christmas tree of your directors tying into your lat insertions, which you can like physically see the fibers of in that little triangular sort of shape kind of thing. And then just veins across the board. You know, top to bottom side, side to side everywhere else. So I was, yeah. All right. I walked to the cover to get some shit last night. And I could see way more of quad veins than normal. Just walking around like nothing. So, yeah, we are definitely getting somewhere. If you're curious about when this dieting phase is going to end, yeah. Not soon. You know, I'm leaner. But I'm not lean enough. In the sense that I'm not as lean as I want to get during this dieting phase. No absolute freaking chance. But playing with tonight meal wise, I might have some leftover turkey. It's approaching, every list, that's it. I think I already had like maybe upwards of 250, 300 grams of carbs, 100 something of fats. And then I met 230 approaching. I did an, you know, slam an ton of the, a ton of turkey. So, yeah, not really too much food left to eat, which I don't want to go to bed right after work and I'm not eating anything. You know, I do want to eat some kind of something or other. But, yeah, just nothing too crazy. So, that's where I think it's just a little bit left to over turkey. We get for me. Take on my vitamins. Make sure I drink it. So make sure water and then pass out. I'm sure I'm going to sleep like a baby. I'm not even sure how long I might have. It might do me good not even setting a alarm. Just to make sure I really get a full, just make sure I get the full sort of recovery effective, having had a refie day today. You know, because if I just say it a bunch of extra food, if I don't get a good nice rest, then, you know, sure I had some extra calories that day. But I probably didn't make as good of a use of it as I could have. If I match that with, you know, being properly hydrated and more than well-rested. Because it's, it all just plays into each other. It's kind of a synergistic style. It's like you get a, it's like you're trying to climb a ladder, build a tower on three legs, right? You die at your hydration and your sleep. You know, if you're drinking more than enough fucking water and you're eating more than enough food, but you're not getting enough sleep. The things just kind of fucking topple over. You know, and you can get all the sleep you want in the fucking world. But if you don't eat enough food and stay hydrated, then you're training it kind of stuff or two. So it's, um, it's to the point where all three of those things need to be in balance. And when they are, everything else improves. You know, when I'm eating in a reasonable, like a pretty consistent style timing, it makes my circadian rhythm a bit better. And all I'm even, that is just like I fall asleep at the same time. I wake up at the same time, even like right before my alarm is about to go off, because I'm like, that feels like normal to me. And then, you know, makes my meal timings easier. And it definitely makes the training easier when you get a good night's rest. I mean, trying to lift off of jack for sleep, not cool. It's just no fucking fun. And that's, that really is as simple as I can put it. And obviously it's less effective. If you're working out with that proper recovery, you're really just, what's, uh, your palinera coming back, which usually is a good thing. But in this context, you know, you're patting up, but you're not getting anywhere. So, as, uh, she was about to say, so as much as you could say, like, oh, it's just not optimal, like, subjectively, trying to have a good lift when your sleep is off and your hydration is off. And you didn't eat your meals, and it's just, it's just not as fun, you know. And that's, that's one thing that I really hold a lot of value in is, I want to set up everything outside of my training, so that when I do come to the gym, and I am ready to really push myself and exert, and everything else that I get to enjoy, because that's the fun part. If that wasn't fun, too, I probably wouldn't have been doing it for damn nearly six years straight or so. So, I like it enough to say, okay, I want to be a bit more controlled with the things and the way that I spend my time outside of the gym, so that when I am in the gym, I can spend that time extra well, and really re-ball the fucking benefits I can't from it. But it's not even just a question of, okay, this is optimal for my lift and for my muscular progress, I'm going to want you do this. Like, it really is, it just feels better. And if you feel better, you're going to go harder, if you go harder, you're going to get better results, if you get better results, you're going to feel pretty good about it, and you know, just keep spinning up from there. But that's implying that you've got a routine that's at least reasonably in tune enough, to put yourself into a state of progress. Unfortunately, there's a lot of lifters out there where you've been working after two or three years. Your main gaining rate has suddenly ceased, and then it's, you know, the same dude this year that you were last year, him and I knew, but like these guys, they do the same workouts of the same intensity with the same weights, and they expect different results. It's just not going to work. So that's why, you know, certainly not a hater of main gaining. And hit your protein goals, eat enough food that you're hungry for, and work out for probably like two years or so, even up into like three years, if you're working out hard, that's going to work, and you're going to keep growing. But eventually, you're going to reach a point where that's not enough, and you're going to have to leverage your calorie intake, change it up your cardio, really tuning in your training to make sure that you're actually stimulating growth and not just like getting a bit of a pump and then, you know, leap. So, as time progresses, you gotta be a bit smarter with it. And that's just the nature of everything, man. You know, it's sort of like the, you wouldn't say, in the verse, you'd say, exponential relationship of all sorts of shit. The faster you're going, the more resistance you're going to feel, and it's at an increasing rate. So, the more gains you get, the harder it is to make more. But on your side of things, the more gains you get, the smarter of a lift or that you are, the more experience you have, and ideally, if you're paying attention to some of these videos talking about like macros and calories and training intensity, I mean, just like videos from anybody, then you should have the knowledge based too to be able to say, okay, let's implement some changes. So, let's try some new shit. Let's do this for a couple of weeks. See what happens. And then, you know, it's simply an if-that, right? If the training that you're doing is, or if you decide to, you know, start up in your intensity, you're meant to, you're really tracking your progressive overload, you're making sure you're moving up your lift by five pounds a week, or certain rep numbers a week, then you notice some gains, keep going, right? But if you just keep doing the same shit, and then you get the exact same results that you had before, then, you know, look back, could you have made much more use out of the last six months or three months, or however long, if the answer is yes, and you've got that sort of itching the back of your mind, and really do want to walk into this. I want to get serious. Then the answer should be clear, you know, it's not for anybody else to tell you, you simply would probably feel better after, you know? But that's, you can't force it, right? You can't force somebody to go hard, and you kind of have to do it for themselves, which is kind of the, it's a cool part. But it also makes it a bit of a barrier to entry, because you have to now say, okay, nobody's going to make me do this. Nobody's forcing me to do this, I said to failure, I got to make myself do it, and it's hard. And this gym is empty, nobody's watching me, maybe I should just go easy, right? I will admit there is definitely some trickiness to it. But I don't have to explain the benefits of, I should, I don't have to explain the benefits of working out here. I think we get the just. So, playing for, playing for tomorrow, gets some kind of crazy ass arm day somewhere, not exactly sure where, but I can tell you this, much of veins will be involved. Vaines will be involved, not to what degree is to be seen, but they will most certainly be involved. So, I think it's all together. I'll see you tomorrow.