Alright, we are in good to go. So tonight's lift is gonna be legs, legs at none other than the planet fitness because it's past six o'clock and all the other gyms that I like nearby close early on the weekend, which is not a massive fan of you know, I don't like that. Really I fucking, well, I like it, you know, unhealthy way, but I like it's 24 hour gym. But then when it's 24 hour, like I don't have an incentive to go early, so I end up like lifting it really bad hours and like my sleep schedule gets thrown off as I run. So I don't know. Wish gyms just all, wish all gyms could stay open until they get in midnight, you know, when that be nice. But make do. So seven o'clock now closes at nine more than enough time to destroy quads and hamstrings. Wringstrings first, done a hamstring curls. Honestly, it's pretty much it. You know, probably laying, seated. One thing that I will do if every machine is taken or if I don't have access is I'll take a bench up to a cable, like a cable stack, put it on like a low setting and then use that little ankle attachment. Right, that girl's are using for like glue exercises or I've been seeing this a lot guys using it. Well, okay, anybody, anybody using it for like side laterals where you strap on to wrist. Damn it, fuck it. If it makes you feel your side down more than you're on fucking track. But yeah, you can take that strap around your ankle and then do seated curls right by pulling the cable towards yourself. For a while, when I was only lifting it the home gym, like he COVID hours, you know, you get you understand the drill. There's not really much you can do for hamstrings in a home gym unless you have a dedicated fucking, you know, hamstring curl, which then you hardly have a home gym. You just have a gym that happens to be at your home. So what I would end up doing is I would just strap some elastic bands to like the corner of the rack and your single leg leg curls like that, probably not the most ideal. But better, you know, you have to make the width which you have available. So whatever, see the hamstring curl, length hamstring curl, quads, fucking, really probably just going to fucking spam like extensions. I think I might drop my volume this cut. I think I'm going to decrease the volume. Well, I'm, oh, oops. I was getting, I was turning towards the Y, and I'm like, I'm going to fucking play the fitness. You know, but I'm thinking about dropping the volume from 11 sets to 8. Because you got to think my goal for the most part is, you know, to lift as intensely as possible. Enough such that I trigger some either muscle protein synthesis in a bulking context or maintain the muscle that I've built in a diet of context. I've referenced this before. Like imagine a bell curve of the effectiveness of different amounts of volume for your single workout for a single body part. So let's say chest, like if you do zero sets, you get zero gains. Obviously it's pretty simple. If you do one set hard after you know proper warm up of course, you'll probably get a little bit of something maybe. But I don't think a monster chest can be built with, you know, one set twice a week. I think if you need more damage than that. So two little more than one, three little more than two, I'm inclined to believe. And then I think around probably like nineish, maybe, you know, nine a little more or the less. Around there is probably the sweet spot in terms of, you know, the amount of volume you do per lift for body part. Good scene of somewhere in between, probably I would say just as a wide margin. Maybe six and 13 hard sets, a lot of weight, squeeze and burn and get in pumps. Around there I think that's where you're going to trigger as much growth or muscle maintenance as possible without doing any excess fatigue. So I think I'm going to pondered lower in the volume. I'll see how it feels. But one thing maybe I'll just try to play it by ear a little bit more. Because let's say I get fully pumped at around, I don't know, eight sets. Should I keep going? I don't know, maybe not. You know, I've heard a lot of, I've heard some talk of pretty legit like, dude's way bigger than me who kind of have adopted that training style. So I'm not going to go full on Mike Mensert to set the week, but maybe I think I'll just call it once I'm fully pumped. If that's earlier than 11, but man that'll be alright. The last thing I want to do is just, you know, do the same shit I've always done. I want to try new shit, try to get new results. Now in a diet and context, I said this in the last video too. The training isn't going to really change the results that much. Right, right now, since I'm just trying to lose body fat and maintain muscle, there's no workout that I can do in a calorie deficit, which is like going to make my fucking triceps blow up. Even if I did the perfect tricep workout for the next like three months or two-ish months while I'm cutting, it's not really going to change anything because the dieting phase is just a break from the muscular progress phase, which I, you know, sort of focus on during a bulk. But if you're in a muscle maintenance and you're just like hitting your protein, eating as much food as you're hungry for, and then lifting, I mean, I did that for the first like three years, then you're good, man. You're freaking good. But, well, that was kind of a trash burn out, but that was a dude and a charger. I wish he would have drifted that corner. That would have actually been kind of cool. But let's go to the planet fitness god damn, let's get started. So the plan was hamstrings and fucking quads, but I didn't do hamstrings for like a week and a half, and then hitting them super hard last like the I'm still feeling them. So, typically I would say it's probably in your best interest not to do a muscle if it's still sore. But then again, sometimes I just do it anyway, it's because so, it's a user-based judgment. But if you think like some days, so I have usually arms after back, so let's say for whatever reason on that back day, I happen to get a ton of bicep activation. Usually I try not to do that because I use straps, and I try to keep my arms completely out of the equation. But some machines and like some angles of rows, it will, yeah, I'm just taking a second to get going, I just slammed it while I'm the car. But yeah, some back movements I just end up like really working my biceps to the point that the next day when I'm going to hit them with arms, like they're still sore. So really, you know, no point to hit a muscle if it's in a compromise state. So for me, I mean, if you're thinking about like an on the top of the rest days before I actually start legs, if you rested, when you ate your food, you know, and let's say you did push pull legs, next day, like in the three days push pull legs, and then now it's hypothetically either a rest day or a pull day. I mean, am I hitting if your chest isn't sore and you try to sit on sore, I say hit it again. Now if you need another day's rest, and then you want to hit it the next day, that's fine too. Honestly, I think if I took like one rest day a week, I'd probably still be the same size of the end now, but I don't really think I'd be much bigger. So the rest days, in my opinion, are kind of just, you know, prescribed as necessary. So let's, let's get to what we're actually doing, just quad. So I'm going to start off with single leg extensions, I mean, moderate weight, but it's really I'm just trying to fucking, you know, burn the Love out loud, shake that up! I actually know if I could two more of those. Alright, so that's five such a single leg leg extensions done. I will admit my leg day intensity is definitely a little bit less for the most part on a cut versus on a bolt. Just because I'm really trying to maintain my muscle. Obviously I'm still going to hard, so good. It's still going to go hard. I guess what I really mean is the weights lighter. So legs for me ends up being a bit more squeezing reps rather than the fucking tons of weight. Because I mean I'm just looking at anybody else, and especially when I'm not even a buck ton of food, I can tell my knees get a bit more tender on a cut. So I'm a little bit more, I guess I say careful. But plan now, I'm already feeling pretty pumped just from the single legs. I think I'm going to do as many sets of double leg extensions, supersetted into six squats. I'll do as many of those as I can until I feel like I'm fully pumped, and now it can be done. I'll add the cardio tomorrow. This is kind of a lackluster lift for you to watch. I can definitely tell you guys probably chest and chest the most arms and back are tied for second, and then you don't like legs as much to be expected. Oh, fine. Alright, couple more of these. Oh, shit. So when we'll execution tip with these CC squats is I'm not imagining pushing that way. Like in my mind, I'm not sending signals to my glutes to my quads, like push down. Really, as I'm doing it, I'm just trying to tell my quads just straight now. So I don't feel like I'm pushing the floor, and I'm just feeling like I'm trying to kick it out from underneath me, that makes sense. I think one more than we can check the quad pump. Oh, I see. Oh, I see. Alright, let's go check the quad pump. They're fucking, they're feeling pretty stiff. Alright, exposure slightly down. Let's see what kind of pump we're working with after, you know, only eight sets of leg extensions, including a little bit of a drop set, but, you know, nothing insane. Like it's not in terms of weight. I mean, those leg extensions were clearly doing some damage though. Quads are fucking, the quads are going to come in for free keys all hell, especially once I'm like really lean. You know, I'm pretty lean now, but there's way more detail to be revealed. Let's say, oh, but I mean, it's not looking bad now. Oh my god, nice. You can get some fucking veins coming out already. Let's see a little bit of a breath hole making pop out of your crazy. Oh, dude, actually holy shit. Oh, each, only crazy to come to. It's like day something with the cut, so this is bad ass. Which, nice. Well, nothing else to discuss. Let's move on to whatever end up making the rest of this video. I know it'll be a cart talk, but there may be some extras. I'm not sure, but let's get in the fucking car. Quads, get freaking pumped. As predicted though, that was not a surprise. So I will say this. It's not so hard to have a, well, for me, I would say, it's a lot harder for me to have a workout that I would say was like a bad lift when I'm, when I'm dieting. Just because, you know, the pumps aren't as, like, insane as when, you know, I'm totally full of carbs from fucking, you know, whatever source I can get my hands on. So, you know, even if I had like a sub-part pump, honestly, it's too an extent. I'm like, hey, fuck it. Sometimes the pumps there sometimes it's not. Still lifted the weights, still stimulated the muscle. And, I mean, once you start getting cut, you're going to bad pump looks pretty freaky. You still get the veins coming out and everything. Now, I'm not trying to say that as, like, so I'm not going to really go that hard. That's not what I'm trying to say. But, you know, some days, like, you're doing triceps and they're just not filling up with blood. It's quickly as usual, or maybe you're doing chest and like, you're just not getting that tight pump. That you should be, you know, that skin tight pressure towards the end of your left. You're not going to cut. You're really just trying to stimulate the muscle. And, you know, hit some weights, maintain strength. You get the idea. So, blah, blah, blah. I mean, that's what we fucking did for Guadalman. Pumped. I'll probably get back into some pressing. I am kind of chilling out on it for a little while. Because I've been sort of jumping into heavy squats. I'm not going to do that heavy when I do do them. But, like, you know, reasonable weight. I'm kind of chilling out on them just because my ad doctors have been flaring up on me. I got the, honestly, I should have done some fucking ad doctors. Now, throw them in the routine. We'll throw them into the routine. It's good for you. Very good stabilizer. That's the, that's the machine where you close your legs together. Not the one where you spread them apart. If you're doing you're using that one. I just think it's a waste of effort, man. Like, as a guy, man, it's not you want big ass hamstrings and quads. Well, I think you need a bigger butt. You know, I'm sure if you're like, if you're a fan of power lifters, then maybe you've kind of got that indoctrinated into your mind. Because I think a lot of power lifters might do some direct glue work. Just because it may transfer a little bit to some squat strength. But, you're never going to catch me doing dedicated glutes. Come on. Let's be fucking real. So, what, what else is going on? School? You know, I fucking, I'm just like, you man, I go to class. Do you want to take notes? I got to do homework, dude. I, um, I was lifting last night. Or, did I lift it in the daytime yesterday? I don't really remember. But I got a canvas notification to like finish my syllabus agreement. And it's already given me flashbacks to like, you know, I've been, I'd have a lift at like 11 and then I get a notification like, Oh, your homework is doing one hour and then I'm just like, fuck, you get the drill. You get the freaking drill. So, that'll take up a little chuck of time, chuck of effort. But I am glad that right now I'm dieting. Well, obviously you're dieting all the time as a bodybuilder if you're trying to like, you know, eat first specific performance metric. Be it strength and size gain or, you know, fat loss. But let's say, um, let me say cutting instead. I'm glad that I'm cutting during the semester just because I have more fucking free time. Like when I'm bulking, that's a considerable amount of effort and, like, pre, what's the word I'm trying to think of? Uh, pre, pre, well, it takes a lot of fucking time because you got a get food. You had to always be fucking eaten food. I'm not complaining because I do it because I want to. I want to gain some fucking muscle. But it definitely takes more effort for me to bulk up than it's us to cut down. Because for the most part, I think I'm pretty good when it comes to the, you know, mental fortitude and being able to not just scarf down, sweet, if that doesn't, you know, a line of my goals. Right now, I'm trying to fucking lose body fat dude. You're not going to catch me having like a 4,000 calorie cheat day. Unless maybe it's like a dedicated refieze for some, for some reason. Honestly, I've never really messed with refieze or anything. But, I mean, I had fucking, I didn't eat a fucking ton of food earlier today. So, I had a fucking clandag bar. 200, um, actually how many calories was it? I think it was 13 grams of fat and about 40, no, 13 grams of fat and how many grams of carbs? Fuck. I can't remember. Whatever, it was, however many calories it was, you know, that just goes into my fucking stupid simple macrotrecker where my basic diet plan is by the end of the day spread out relatively evenly. I want to hit 250 grams of protein, about 50 grams of fat, and 260 grams of carbs. Now, let's say, you know, an extra 25 grams of fat. That means I'll just try to eat a little bit less carbs or vice versa. But, uh, you, you get the idea. So, fuck man, if I just ate like, you know, sweets and, you know, my eggs and meats or whatever, as long as it still fit in those macros, I would still be losing body fat, right? To, uh, when it comes to the energy inside a food, it doesn't matter if it's a fucking glazed. Actually, my, you know, my favorite is the strawberry jelly filled donut. But it doesn't matter if it's a fucking sweet treat, or if it's some rice with olive oil, or whatever kind of whatever dressing you want. So, you get the idea. Your body's like, oh, we got some fucking carbs in the system. Oh, we got some fats in the system. Now, I'm not going to say that all of those are going to have result in the same shit. I mean, you know, clearly I'm not a massive advocate of, like, eating the most, like, conventionally healthy food that's available. But, I mean, I'm not going to, I do the only thing that I really look at for is, like, I try to eat trans fats. Like, why I see some of the trans fats in a stay away. That's, because that's like legit bad for you. But, you know, you get what I'm trying to say. If it fits your macros, you're good. You're freaking good. But, with that mentality, it's not really the most conducive with being able to stick to a diet plan. Yeah, I took the wrong turn. I'm going to do a loop around. Because let's say I were to eat a big ass breakfast waffles pancakes. Uh, was bacon, whatever. And that breakfast was 2200 calories. Hypothetically, if I only ate 300 more calories for the rest of the day, then by the end of it, I'd be at that 2500 calorie limit. And if I didn't eat anything else, then in terms of weight change, that day would still be one that would make progress because I ate less than my maintenance calories. But, for one thing, I mean, you want to, I definitely want to spread my protein out throughout the day. You don't just want to eat your whole fucking meal at once. You know, some people are into that with like the one meal a day, 25, 23 hours fast. I don't mess with that. And it learned form, done with topic. But I want to eat my protein throughout the day. And let's say I did have that big meal. It's going to be fucking harder for me to make it to the rest of the night without, you know, my stomach rumbling and want me to eat some more fucking food. So that's why I want to dieting. My food choices are extremely different than they are when I'm bulking. Because I'm trying to eat foods that are going to fill me up, but not fill me up with too many calories. Right? I mean, fucking egg white omelets with like chop spinach mixed up. I'll throw a little bit of cheese on there, but really you got to get some fat free cheese. That shit is insane. The macron, it's just fucking protein is badass. Now, the quality of the protein, I would say, is probably, it's probably arguable. So I do typically, if I eat a food where the protein is like not a complete source, like breads or, you know, if you look at a slice of bread, it says like what, 4 grams of protein. It's not a fucking complete protein. Usually, honestly, for me, the most part, I just don't even count it. I only count dedicated protein sources like animal products, meat, fish, dairy. But, you know, don't take that as a vice, you know, dude, over the fucking one. When you track calories. But, yeah, I mean, fucking lean AF, it's 97% beef, strain off all the fat, fill it up with like four servings of sweet, maybe, raise, no sugar added, barbecue sauce. And then scooping out some of that onto some keto buns that only have like two grams of carbs each, a little bit of fat as well, but he get the idea. Dude, I'm eating foods where at the end of it, I can say, well, I feel pretty fucking full, but I only knocks down, you know, 500 calories. So, I'll get into detail and do some of these little, little, little dieting, low calorie dense meals in like the, I'll do a full day of eating for the cut pretty soon. To give you guys a little bit more insight into what I'm talking about. But, I mean, fuck it, dude, until then, I'm just going to keep on doing what we're fucking doing. Oh, yeah, shit. So, today I got, I went to Best Buy, I got a fancy pants camera. I'm going to play around with that tomorrow. So, I'll see if that ends up working out. Because I tell you what I do fucking like. The fact that, I mean, I just record everything on the phone, edit it on the phone, upload it from the phone. But, you know, we're getting, you know, these videos are getting a couple of views. I'm sure some of you would appreciate a bit of a quality upgrade. And also, then I'll be a little looking at my pump checks and like four cants, so it's an 80, that's pretty badass. So, I'll play around with that tomorrow. But, if I think it ends up just being like a fucking hassle, then we'll keep it as is. But, I'm leaning towards thinking that it's going to work out pretty good. Because I can still take the files straight to the phone. Now we're talking about some behind the scenes, shit. So, keep an eye out for, well, if you just watch the next video after this one, maybe you'll be blown away by the cinematography that I bring to, oh yeah, and it's going to be a chest day. That's going to be freaky. But, yeah, if it's, so, if it ends up not being ideal for my particular situation, I'll just fuck more turn that shit. No matter what happens, though, any kind of just any sort of outside circumstance or situation, the pumps are going to keep on coming. I can freaking guarantee it. So, I will catch you next time, God damn it. I'll expose your down to a freaky level. Let's see what we're working with. So, 30 minutes to the sea to bike, I actually gave you a little bit of a demonstration. You know, there's, I mean, there's fucking nothing to see. I sit down, put it to quick start. Personally, I don't see the point in doing like intervals. Or if the cardiomychine says, like, oh, fat burning mode, that's nothing. That's just having to be more difficult for like maybe a minute and then you back off a minute. I say, just do the quick start simple mode, turn up the difficulty to something you can manage to pedal at a decent rate. And, you know, what I've always done is I do it at a difficulty, like, it's level 10 on that one. And these numbers are totally mumbo jumbo, but I do it such that it reads off as burning 10 calories a minute. So, I found that across even different sorts of brands of pedal, see the bikes. That's about right. You know, I feel like I get sweaty the same amount. And I start sweating at the same period. I guess that's dependent on temperature and how well hydrated you are, but whatever. Getting in there and doing it even if it's a little easier one day, a little harder the other day, because you use different bikes. You know, that's a problem that you guys probably don't even have. Because you don't even fucking do your cardio. But it's, I think it's about 1230 right now in a Sunday. So, I get to go home and chill. Eat some eat a couple of meals before I go to just tonight. So, let's do a little bit of an unpumped post check. I should have brought a different shirt. I can already tell this one's going to be fucking uncomfortable to put back on once it's cold. Whatever. I got damped. There we go. So, I'm going to get a scale on my way home as well. Because I've got to add my morning weight to the beginning of these videos. We can keep track. So, one thing I kind of like in terms of like being lean is I'll actually start to get some fucking ab shit going on. There's like a couple of veins creeping out up here. It's towards my belly button. I can kind of already see one right up here. Whoa. And then, it'll only get frakyer from here. It's great. A little bit of a fraky front relaxed. I should be able to hit a nasty vacuum. I haven't eaten anything today. You know, I woke up at like 11 and I drank a fucking... Somebody who was telling me it's better to take your vitamins in the fucking morning. So, that's what I did. I'm going to start taking it in the morning and get a day. Because he was saying like, be 12 messes with your sleep. So, I do it at the end of time anyway. Maybe I'll sleep better if I take it in the morning. Let's hit a fraky vacuum. Blow all the air out of your stomach and just try to just pull it in. Really, I mean apart from saying those like key phrases, it can't really be taught. You just have to do it and try it out for yourself. And that alone gets fucking frakyers the week's pass. That is badass. Now I guess I didn't do it front last bread. Same thing. Front last bread vacuum side chest. Kind of do a vacuum to slum up the waist. Honestly, just sucking your waist in all the times. They'll make you look cool. All right. Well, we already did the cart talk. I don't think we need two cart talks in one, but the video for tomorrow. Because technically, I'm recording this the day that I uploaded. It's a cardio portion because the lift was yesterday. That's usually, well, that's pretty much my routine. I record the video at night. And then when I do the 30 minutes of cardio, that's when I edit the video. So, I'm doing two birds with one stone. Now, if you're not fucking posting a workout video every day, then you've got your hands free to do whatever the fuck you want when you do cardio. You can watch a fucking movie. You can play some classroom or yeah. I know you're probably laughing when you saw that little overlay. I was pretty funny. You just sit. Like there was not that required. It's so little effort compared to an actual weight training workout that it's comical. The results you get based on, you know, how difficult it is. I guess the difficulty just comes in becoming consistent with it. So, family, that's, you're making me think that it's harder to do cardio than it is to like, rep three plates on bench based on the statistics of my non-third party double blind YouTube study from that one post. But we're done, man. So watch out for, I do want some opinions. So, I got a fucking camera and I'm going to record tonight's chest day with it. So, you tell me if it's, if it's a notable quality upgrade and if you want me to keep it or just stick with the phone. I'm still going to edit it on the phone. I can just take the files directly to it. But, you just keep an eye on it. I'll be, I'm curious. Either way, the pump is going to look fucking freaky. I think we already know that. But, I'll fucking see you next time.