There we go. Yeah, finally back to the, uh, finally back to the baby grocery card camera. But I've been saying this a couple times and half the reason why there hasn't been a full-day eating or a, um, or like a grocery trip haul. She's not much to friggin' see, you know? It's like, I feel like my grocery trips are so sparse now, because if I get a couple pounds of ground beef, a few tubs of egg whites, a couple of protein shakes, not like for the majority, but, yeah, sometimes it's, uh, to help it to all. It's like, I'm actually getting groceries at the rate of a normal dude, you know? I'm not sitting here coming in for like a restock every week. Like I would when I'm trying to bulk up. So, dining down a little bit more sparse, a little bit just because I mean, think about it. If he eat less food, he got a by-less food, come to the grocery store a little bit less, you know? But step one on the agenda is a little bit of a protein restock, right? Because it's cool as it is to talk about the carb-dup effect of being really full and everything else. Nothing's going to replace the protein. That's simply a staple, bulking up or cutting down, right? If I'm trying to, you know, I don't even know. Well, just that. If I'm trying to bulk up or I'm trying to cut down, my protein intake isn't going to change much. You know, I'm still either going to be doing too well, not even either. I'm still going to be eating 250 grams of protein from dedicated protein sources. You know, be it's ground beef, eggs, chicken, sometimes canned. Little bit of sardine action. There's a, in terms of the micro-nutrient density, that's up there with like, you know, straight sort of liver supplements. The problem is they're really fatty, you know, a full tin of sardine. Even if you really kind of squeeze the fat out of it, like with a paper towel, I mean, you're still talking about like 20 grams of fat per container, which I'm eating like 70 per day. So if I even eat one little pack of sardines that puts me at damn near a third my intake, and if I do two, then I'm already halfway gone. And that's where it can start to screw you, right? Eating foods that are sneaky with the amount of different sort of macros that they have in them can sometimes start to add up. And if you're not crazy, anal about making sure that you don't overshoot either one of them, you know, once you've already started tracking everything, then, you know, before you know it, it's six o'clock at night, and you look at your little progress bar, fats over eaten by 10 grams, carbs over eaten by five grams, you know, shit. And then if you want to stick to your calorie deficit, you've got to eat nothing, it just doesn't happen, you know. So that's where with my dieting approaches, I'm always trying to make sure I'm on a rate that's conducive with whatever I'm aiming for. So if I'm trying to eat only 2,200 calories for the whole day, halfway throughout the day, I want to be at 1100 or less so that I can at least eat something before I go to bed. Because if I don't, then the odds that I'm just going to get up start snacking, grabbing whatever the hell's in the pantry, it increases exponentially. And that's even me, like I'm pretty much locked in with the diet, but if I set myself up for failure, then the likelihood of failure begins to increase, you know, and that doesn't change for anybody. But like I said, let's, uh, let's go find some protein. Primarily, stakes first, I'm thinking, actually, I've got a little bit of a detour added. For a second, I thought I was headed straight to the red meat, but no, I think let's get some, let's get some lunch meat in here. Now the quality of the lunch meat, you know, turkey, you whatever, it's, it's to be debated. Obviously, it's not the same as something straight off the bone, like if you get a big, like full-on Costco turkey breast, where it's like five pounds of straight bird vacuum sealed. But I don't mind some of the, some of the deli turkey, and historically, it hasn't minded me either. So it's, uh, it's always been a little bit of staple in my diving phases to hit a low calorie turkey sandwich every now and again, ingredients primarily being, which I guess we'll see in a minute, low carb bread, some kind of lean turkey meat. That's it's about right. In certain, the terrible studies about the nitrates of a deli of a deli turkey, it's a works fine for me. But either way, two packs of those will be a good start. Let's grab a low carb bun to match them. And that should have been right over here. This whole store has kind of been reworked. I don't, I don't know where half this stuff isn't anymore, so give me a minute to find it. All right, bread location, I've got no idea what I'm looking for. So I guess that'll be next up. So until then, small pit stop by the beef. So what I'm really aiming for is top rounds. Big cut lean, which I guess that's really all I'm looking for. Big cut and lean. So, top round bonus. Perfect. Powder so each, suv style, exactly what I'm looking for. So let's keep looking. And only a few steps ahead of that. Ground beef. I've historically, I've cooked about one pack of these at a time. Even half the pound saved the other half in like a little tougher wear. But then it's every time you eat it, you're like in between every meal. Like I eat ground beef twice and then I got to cook it again. So I've streamlined that process, taking a little bit of a note from the, ooh. So a little anecdote here. All right, what are we looking at there? You know, you tell me, 92% whereas right here, 96% lean. So this is what I really want. And of course, once you strain these, most of that fat is going to come off anyway. So it's not like you're really screwed either way, but it does help for this stuff to be leaner in the beginning. Because then it's, you know, it's saving me from really having to pour off like bulls that a time. But that was one, two, three, four. Five pounds. I've just been thrown that into a big pot. Low, little bit of a stir every couple of minutes. And before you know, the whole thing's browned over. In terms of the fat straining process, be careful because it's kind of freaking when you're holding like five pounds of ground beef and a pot. Squishing it up against the lid of even like the small as a gap over a bowl just inverting the whole thing. I mean, I've had a couple of times where I've totally just spilled it completely. I don't even like to think about it, right? Knock on grocery cart. But let's, let's move on just one more notch to another little treat. I can't help myself with grab. I got a big craft single. And it's, I mean, I'm only getting one. So that shows you a little bit about how frequently I'm eating these. But it's just kind of just sort of adds a little something extra to everything. You know, if I get a whole tub of our whole bowl of like egg whites, if I melt a little slice of this cheese in there, it just tastes a little better. Same thing with the ground beef, same thing with sometimes on a turkey sandwich is just like a little boost and in terms of calories, you know, it's not adding too much. Each slice of these, three grams of fat, one and a half grams of carbs and it says three grams of protein. Usually I count it because, you know, even though you think all it's so processed, it still is a dairy product. It's not like that protein got completely destroyed in the process of going from milk to this craft single. But, I mean, well, let's just take a look here. I mean, first ingredient cheddar cheese. It's probably not your best protein. All right, but it's still protein on the less, and it will be tracked in my daily caloric values. So that's actually almost it for the protein. I got one more stop, and I think you could probably guess what it's going to be. So if you guessed egg whites, you win. You were freaking correct. And for the longest time, for whatever reason, I thought it was better to sit in individually separate every egg yolk from every egg white. Like, something about in my mind that made sense to me. Totally stupid. Your waist and egg yolks, your waist and time, your causing a mess, it's just foolish. So instead, I end up getting a bunch of the individually contained egg white tubs. And these come in 10s or no, 20 serving sizes. So you could get a really big tub that has 100 grams of protein worth of egg whites. But unlike the ground beef, I'm not so prone to meal prep to be egg whites. There's just really no benefit because, I mean, eggs in the fridge for a while and doesn't really sound right. So by getting just one of these tubs at once, in your flip-around, and you look at these nutrition facts, which everybody should be getting extremely used to and involved with on the regular. Then you'll notice 10 servings of container, 5 grams of protein per serving. I got 50 grams of quality protein right here. You know, a little bit lacking in the micro-duty micro-nutrient department because it's just straight up protein. But it certainly fills that criteria. So now I got a full card of every protein source. I'm really looking into. So now I got a couple of that with basically just all the sides. Because every meal has one thing in common and that's the protein part of it. Some of them are only dedicated protein meals. Tonight, when I go home, actually, I should probably grab an extra one of these egg white tubs because I'm just going to have some of this immediately once I unpack all this stuff. And that'll be it. You know, I might put some like some low sugar barbecue sauce on it. I'm not such a huge fan of just the straight salt and pepper on the egg whites. It just doesn't really do it for me. And then, you know, I might seem a little weird. But I'll throw freaking anything in the egg whites. It's just a blank slate. So I'll do teriyaki sauce, I'll throw like mustard on it there. It's just, you know, it sounds a little bit funky, a little bit fucking weird. But if you want to get extra lean and basically look freaky, you have to do some freaky shit. I've been on record saying that a couple of times already. But eggs, ground beef, steak, turkey, cheese. Yeah. Let's track down some of that low-car bread next. I've actually changed my mind. I've only been really doing the low-car bread. So now I think I want to go a little bit more. Well, I don't know what I was going to say. But get some of the low-car tortillas and the benefit of these, same thing. Right. And this is what I'm looking for when it comes to any like low-carb. If you ever look at something, you see like a keto bread, keto flour. It's not like inherently just zero calories. Nothing is. You know, you'd be eating some kind of weird synthetic like something to get food, to get something that's like food with no calories. Just doesn't work. But what you can do is you can manipulate the fiber. So underneath of every carbohydrate value, which right there, it says 19 grams is a separate value, which says dietary fiber. And this specifically, the insoluble portion is what I'm looking for. So 19 grams of total carbohydrates. That's 80 calories of carbs in each one of these. That's a lot. For me to have three of these is going to put me at 60 grams of carbs. That's like almost a protein half for my entire day. It's just not going to work. So that dietary fiber, which it doesn't say here, but is insoluble. That doesn't count. Like if it counts barely, like 0.1%. Because the whole point of the dietary fiber is, it's just, it's the word. It's like glucose chains or whatever. But it's like how you can't eat hay. Your stomach isn't processed or isn't built to be able to process that down. That's the same thing with dietary fiber. Like sure, it's made up of the actual components of what carbs are, but you can't actually get the energy from them. So even though it's 19 grams of carbs, total are really, I'm only getting those two, which usually I kind of round up to three or so just to be safe. But at two grams of carbs each, three and a half grams of fat and six of protein, which I usually just count because it's still calories. This is a much better alternative. So the point where I think I'll get three of these, but it's going to look nice. All right, I'm actually glad I waited to do this grocery trip because I really had to restock everything. So this is, I mean, this is what I'm eating right now in this diet. So what I'm looking for in the condiment aisle is a few staples. So a little bit more of the complicated side, but I guess since this right here, let's jump into it. Light mayonnaise. This, I wouldn't say has been a life saver, but it's definitely a creature comfort. So 35 grams, which, oh no, 15 grams. So a teaspoon, you could say a dollop, three and a half grams of fats. A negligible protein, zero, one gram of carb, which you still have to count. That does not just disappear because it was only one gram. And, you know, for me to put one serving this onto the turkey sandwich, it's certainly adds to my fucking enjoyment of it, and it only costs me three and a half grams of fat. So, topping number one obtained. Secondly, I'm going to look for some ketchup, and that's a little bit more so for the ground beef, but I'm not only looking for any damn ketchup on the shelf. Yeah, this is the kicker right there. No sugar added. And that's not zero sugar, and maybe I should be looking for a zero sugar, but this is, I don't know, I guess I'm just a hinds fan or something, but every 16 grams, zero fat, zero protein, one gram of carb. So for me, you know, if I get a bowl of ground beef, it's not always the most appetizing thing in the world. A couple of squirts of the low calorie ketchup weighed out, of course. And when I say weighed out, I mean, I just put my bowl of ground beef onto a scale, zero it out, and then add ketchup as desired, and the scale will read how many grams. So, you know, if I do a big squirt onto it, 32 grams, the scale reads, then that tells me, I actually have a view tell me, right? I had 32 grams of ketchup. How many calories is that? Zero carbs? I don't know, zero fat, zero protein, one gram of carbs per 16 grams. That's two grams of carbs right there, which I know it seems silly, because for you to even like, you won't even notice if somebody slips a gram of carbs into your pocket. Like it seems like nothing, but throughout the day, it adds up, and it's right here. Like it's in these little sneaky parts, the sauces and the condiments and everything else, things you won't really think about. Like you could have a bowl full of chicken breast and rice, and you're like, yeah, I'm doubting down right now, I'm going hard, I mean, chicken and rice. But then, let's say you do a big ass squirt of mayo chup. Whatever that hell this is. So, let's say you do 60 grams of mayo chup. Doesn't seem like that much, it feels like a normal amount of sauce, but, you know, 58 grams, right? What's that going to add up to? The M.30 grams of fats, eight of carbs. That's 300 calories, just of sauce. I'm having meals right now that are 300 calories total, which would come from just a little, like, thoughtless amounts of little things like this. So, as like, you know, aim-lin-like OCD about it, as it seems, it really is important to track all this stuff, you know? I feel like you, like if you want to get into it, you almost have to go all the way, because if you don't, then you're not actually getting reap the benefits, right? Like, if you get the macro tracker and you've got a food scale and you're you're, you know, you're half tracking, you're only going to get half the results. And with the dieting, it's, it just doesn't work like that. You know, if you diet half as hard as you should, you're not going to get as lean as you should, or half as lean as you want to be, you're just not going to be getting lean, because it's, uh, oh, man. It's almost as like you're in a class where the minimum grade requirement is a 90. You can't get a freaking 80, you can't do it 70% of the time, then the other 30% of the time you got a slack off, like you got to be on this shit. And I know it sucks, like I'm not trying to say that counting all these calories or easing and everything else, but if you can start to do it for long enough, and by long enough, I only mean weeks, then you should start to see noticeable results. And once you see those, then you have validation, oh shit, what I've been doing is been working. I'm down three pounds in the last three weeks, and I've been tracking on my calories. God, damn it, Sam was freaking right. Maybe I should start doing my cardio as well, you know, something along those lines. Your results may vary, of course, but that's on a main event for. So low fat mannays, low sugar, catch up. The nice thing about the mustard is it's starting to feel calories. It's freaking nothing in here, but some vinegar and a ground up mustard seed. But one more thing I'm looking in here for, primarily for the turkey sandwich aspect of things, is some relish. Or some pickle, don't know, let's just go take a look. So I'm sure you can kind of imagine what some of these meals already look like. Maybe some eggs with some toasted tortillas on the side, ground beef with some ketchup mustard, mayonnaise, and relish all makes together. And then if I put that onto one of those tortillas, I basically have sort of like a rolled-up burger. It's not the same, but it's pretty damn close. There's no pickles in here. Well, let me go find some damn pickles and then we can cut to whatever I look for next. I guess that's actually yet. I don't really mean anything else. And Norch should I. Frankly, I'm, oh well, I actually is that true. Sometimes instead of like, you know, some kind of random energy drink in the morning, I don't mind using a, using like a cold brew concentrate, with like some just stevia kind of sweetener and kind of starting off with a coffee instead. It's actually like grab some of that, some concentration, two grams of carbs, the damn. So any of this like just legit zero, three, uh, cheese. What about us guy? Yeah, well. Yeah, actually this is about right. Let me start with this. Eight. Yeah, it's about right. Yeah. Just gonna go to random cold brew, sort of thing. But that's just for a little bit of a morning routine. I mean, if I, if I only want to stick to caffeine, I just grab a caffeine capsule. I like the like the vitamin cap, cabinet, but it's sometimes just kind of nice and drink something like that sort of gets me extra excited about the but that's it, man. Grand beef, steak, eggs, little bit of cheese, but just kind of for kicks, really. And then some of those low carb, uh, low carb tortillas in the turkey. It wasn't kidding, man. You know, no cinnamon toast crunch, no, uh, no crispy cream, which I didn't even run into any today. Honestly, probably a good thing. Okay, actually, I lied. One more little stop here just because I'm right there. I do not mind the can chicken. Every time I say that I get can chicken, some of you guys dog on me, it's already cooked. It's moist. And it's 50 grams of protein per container. That's exactly what I want. So, actually, I'm gonna get a couple of these tints. And if you're really smart about it, you don't even get a bowl. All you do is crack the top, drain it at a condiment. That's desired into the can of itself. At the end of it, you throw the whole thing away. So, I guess I lied. The ground beef, lean steak, some deli turkey, some can chicken, some low carb tortillas, whole bunch of egg whites, low sugar, ketchup, low fat mayonnaise, mustard, and then a little cold brew, constant trait, just for a little cold cup of Joe in the friggin morning before cardio. Which cardio has taken a bump. I'm, uh, I'm gonna step it up, man, get that, get really locks in for this last portion. And what I mean by that is now I gotta get extra lean. So, cardio is no longer 30 minutes, so just sitting down on the, uh, on the bike. I want to add a little more. I need an extended period of time that I'm gonna be elevating my heart rate. And if I do an hour cardio, it's just too much. And by an hour cardio, I mean, an hour on the bike. Uh, geez. Crispy cream spotted right ahead of me. I don't even want to look at it. Let's turn down the soil. But for me to do an hour on the bike, it just ends up thrashing my, my quads. It's like, any shit. The pickles I want to. Okay, well, let's pause that train of thought here and grab some pickle chips. Oh yeah, there we go. Dill, perfect. So that's the last item. Some pickles for you sandwiches. Uh, but yeah, so an hour on the bike, it just doesn't really compute for me. It's like I'm just working my legs too much. And that's an argument I've seen against the cardio bike is it's all quads, which it is. And for 30 minutes, it's not so bad. But break and pass that 30 minute mark. It starts, I start to feel it. You know, so instead, I'm doing 30 minutes on the bike followed by 30 minutes on the treadmill. And the treadmill, that's the easy part. Honestly, the treadmill is kind of chill. Like all I'm doing in the treadmill is fucking sitting around and having a little walk playing on my phone or watching yellowstone, which I'm damn near almost finished with, which I'm not sure what I should watch next because they kind of set the bar pretty high. I like that chill. But the 30 minutes on the treadmill, three miles an hour, mild, incline, nothing wild. And I just remember something else I'm going to get to. So now, I'm headed over there. But that's the cardio routine. And then calorie wise, I'm floating at 250 grams of carbs. No, no, 250 grams of protein, 70 ish of fats and about, I think I've been at about 150 grams of carbs. But I'm going to start to have to drop that down. And while I'm here, which I just discovered the bread aisle, which used to be the diet soda, let's grab a loaf of loaf of bread. And we got one more little point to compare the two. But that's the plan. So calorie is going to drop the carbs a little bit, probably closer to maybe even a hundred range, you know, see what happens. Believe the fats that maybe, I'm like trim the fats down a little too, one like 60. And the protein is going to stay right where it is. But one more thing, just because I like them. And I wouldn't recommend you eat a ton of these so they can kind of mess with your stomach, it's such. But some carbs, smart buns as well. So look at these numbers here. Per bun. So 21 grams of carbs, but 18 grams of fiber. So really three grams of carbs. So I'm looking at per bun. One and a half grams of fat. Three. Three grams of carbs. Six grams of protein. That's good. I like that. The value per bun is within reason that's going in the cart. Now if I had to reach around to any other normal version, let's grab just this random ballpark burger buns. Look at these numbers. Not so good. Honestly, the fats, whoa, two grams of fat. That's actually less. All right, four grams of protein. That's actually less. Okay. Maybe I should get this one out. Yeah. What is that last number? Say right there, huh? 28 grams of carbs. What do I get to eat? Two of these per day? That's just not going to work. So that is not being thrown in the cart. Why is that carbs, smart version is? And taste-wise, honestly, not the biggest difference in the freaking world. Now my next stop would be to the diet, soda aisle, to get a couple of two liters of whatever. But I've already got like six two liters of diet sprites in my cupboard. So I'm kind of stocked there. I'm going to run through my own supply first before I start branching out to anything else. But that's it. Protein, heavy, carb and fats depleted slowly combined with consistent cardio. Before you know, you're going to have a name six pack. Like it's 2006 again. David, back when you were the lineman, or back when you were that receiver. I guess they're a receiver would be more likely to be diced. But either way, that's all I got man. And even just sitting here because I came here straight from legs. I'm fucking hungry. So I better I better not pass by any treat to my way to check out. So I will keep you updated. Of course, with how this dieting phase goes. Two thirty to be broken. It's going to take a couple of weeks. But that's kind of the plan there. So I'll see you then.