Yeah, that's coming to pick us up. We're headed to do a we're headed to an arm day We got three goals for this excursion. I Want to find a Las Vegas hoodie a Tank top and then go get an arm pump So that should be done in that order so that's a That's way for one of these elevators to show up and then Fight some shit There it is. That's what we're looking for Check this shit out I don't know if we need this specifically What up, um, there's even one for you to fill up Do you get your What's cool over here? It's a little small man. I mean you're about to start bulking up. I'd go for the seven That's a three Nice Go one hand two done go one and two done. Thank you But he's got chest. I got arms so Yeah, Mark got some Smith I got some rope Not the full stack, but close. I need to go too crazy Is honestly a lightish rope set is a good working set That also serves as a really good warm-up like I I guess bulking up is a little different you almost feel a little more like bulletproofed and ready to get into it But I feel so much better doing a light squeezing movement first for tries and then doing something a bit more tension heavy It'll have to focus, but make it shit happen You Yeah Oh, we got you. I'm actually up to go a little lighter, 82 in a set of 87. But one more of those. I think I'll do two of everything. Two sets of this, then move on to a different handler. Maybe I did machine if there's one here. Some shit like that. Joa .. I Didn't want it. armed Oh yeah okay Oh, all right. The next set will be heavier, but I'm not sure exactly what it'll be. Yeah, let me think about it. Any different? Let's just make this a straight bar set, a little more rapid. Right, Feve, heavy set, I want to do a light one. And forever, slow, squeezing one. I don't even maybe a quicker, pumpers sort of one. But this will be a little heavier, little quicker, and hopefully, I know I'm going to be more pumped at the end of it. But you're more of these. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One more, though, set. Yeah. Yeah. You. You. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. It's for channels, but do the same shit here overhead bent over, though. Yeah. Yeah. With the overhead stuff, I like when this is a little more bent. I don't like overhead with a straight bar, kind of wrenches my wrists. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One more, though, set. And try, sir. Nearly done. Maybe just one more, something, a rather. And that would be good. Very stretch focus with these. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. This will be it for tries. Five reps on one. Five and the other. Five and the other. And actually even thirty two pounds is a little too heavy, all the through twenty seven and a half. So the point of these, that's more of public try, steps up as much as possible. These five reps on one side. Five on the other alternating style sets. Because it's like you're doing a rest pause, but it doesn't stop. So the five reps that I do this side is rest for the other. And then vice versa. So instead of going from like fresh to. To teams in one smooth motion. It's like five reps, make me more fatigued. I get five reps or rest. Five reps with teag. Rest with teag. It's just different. Like I'm not going to say I'm suddenly hitting my my a nuclear fibers in a fast twitching. It's just different. I feel more pumped and fatigue at the end of it. And for the most part, that's like 90% of what I'm aiming for in terms of my explanation, right? If somebody's doing something and it's working, you target the muscle, you're feeling it afterwards. And you're getting more pumped. On top of that, it should probably work. You know, is that a hundred percent the most optimal thing in the world? I think movement is as optimal as intense as you make it, right? You can do a perfect set of preachers with awesome form. But if you push it to 60%, it's a team and it's jack. So I think the effort should come before the, Yeah, you can go and I'm saying let me hit the ship. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was solid. Let's, uh, Let's get some classic curls. Started as moving number one. Let's do the 50s in a similar style as the single one pushed out. But really just rest. So 10 reps, racket. Shake round a few seconds. Do another, that's money is possible. Set it down for a second. Shake him out. And then do one more finisher. finisher. So kind of a double rest-pause. And again, I mean, there's got to be some kind of explanation as to like, it's inherent value in terms of its stimulus. But, I mean, for my perspective, it's okay, this is hard. This is going to wreck my biceps in a good way. Let's do it. If I get my rocky four-centric song plan, there we go. And these week quick, not super slow. Oh my god. Yeah, that was good. I think one more just like that. And obviously, intensity-wise, that's more than normal. I'm going to have cut in my biceps volume down a touch if the sets are a little closer to that level. But, I just breathe in, run it back. I think this would be a single rest-pause. Let's do something. I don't think about it. This is a good machine. Hight number six is my sweet spot. Let's just make this a heavy one. Honestly, after those two sets of kind of the super, I don't know what I'm saying. The rest-pause by style. And then for one of the reasons I buy a zither is feeling they're cooking extra quick. Maybe, because we're kind of walking around a lot last night after we did the whole like, watch the power slap thing and talk to everybody. One of my biceps are feeling more fatigue. Well, either way, their closer to fully pumped than triceps were two sets in. So, not need to overcook them. But, let's make these set hard. Wester fully pumped. That's all I'm aiming for. We're fine some lighting and pose down. I do a couple sets of lateral raises to just first shoulder. Oh my gosh. Oh yeah. Oh my gosh. Okay. Yeah. I think that's good. Let's go find some lighting. I guess that's not true. I had my position before just, you know, only like twice. I did a pump and set of side laterals. That was all. Let's see how arms are looking. Morning weight unknown. Frankly, because I'm going to scale with me in a very travel. But, yeah, the only tank state we could find it that little at the bananas, the world's largest gift shop or whatever. There were mediums or no. Now, this is a large but yeah, large is a little tight on me now. But these are fun. I'll try to remember. Let's see how a couple of these classic ones are looking. I'm trying to smudge my arm up against myself and like make it look extra big. Oh, you're happy. I'm sure I'm going to wake up five pounds later. Two mornings from now, because tomorrow we're going to be flying back into a whole time delay sort of thing. So I think that's going to be a rest day kind of replant already just because legs after like eight sort of cumulative hours of like travel. I think it'll just be better to end up doing that the day afterwards. No, cardio is warm morning. That's happened no matter what, but yeah, I think rest days you have a place. No, I'm not anti-rest day. But alright, arms done pump to ship. I smell like smoke kind of chemically because these shirts are unwashed. But either way, let's get out of here. Let's go eat something and jump to whatever the hell with your next.