

=== FILE: 1 Hour of Seated Bike, No Commentary [GKbkYIF66ZQ].txt ===

Photato Let's take a look at the picture. Let's see if it's possible to take a picture. Let's take a picture. Let's take a picture. Let's take a picture. Let's take a picture. Let's take a picture. Let's take a picture. Let's take a picture. Let's take a picture. Let's take a picture. Let's take a picture. Let's take a picture.

=== FILE: Chest With Jay Cutler [996VH3MvcyI].txt ===

Who would have guessed it? And look who we got next to us. Mr. Cutler himself in the flesh. Good man. I would have talked about this for a minute since we had the video about the women. Yeah, right. I wanted to always train with Sam, but I'm not a guy that would ever ask. I mean, is that weird that I said I want to train with you? Or it's, I think it's probably mutual. Cross-generation. Either way, what do you think it's a chest? Just stay. It's your day, man. So we talked a little bit about the chest. You know, it's one of my weaker body parts in the beginning. And I always, you know, I had really dominant shoulders. So I had to learn how to really contract and really squeeze it. And the one thing I always try to preach is like, it's not always about the weight. And I think I told you that, I even about your body weight, right? So it's about really just, you know, getting the feel of the movements. Mind a muscle connection. I know it's harder for some of the new guys to understand that. By the way, you like you said you learn. That was like a series of your Reak-a-moment. I mean, the basement gym, mirror, incline bench. Once set, I was pushing my hands. And then the next one, like, it actually clicks. My chest was working. But I'm even trying to work on that today. Yeah. So we, almost like, you press from the bottom up to really to watch your chest rise. Right? So some people, they don't have the mass there. But I mean, you have the chest development now. So I think you can actually watch, you know, visually, the muscle actually contract now. Like, you can see it in my shirt, you know, rise. You know, there was some kind of clip. I remember you saying something where when you press, you took your gym. I do, and you can feel. And you know what's funny? When honey trained me, because I worked with Chris Asido who taught me as a teenager. And then honey took over training and was like, don't talk to your chin. Keep your chest out. But for some reason that it's a comfort level for me to talk to chin. So when we talk about wrong and right moves, I don't know if there are wrong and right. It's everyone is individual what they do. It's like your work sure doesn't work. It does. And like for some guys, I mean, I mean, I can see somebody where flat bench, ricks their shoulders. I mean, I see this all the time and I'm referencing the same guy every time. It'll tell me all, my shoulders are erect. I can't bench. And he's loading two plates on the bench. Oh, as he's saying that. It's like, maybe six or something. I haven't machined yourself in that's not tweaking it. But let's get some warm it up done. Okay, move number one. The more things change, the more they stay the same. So just like with hers, thinking, and playing hammer first. What do you, what kind of jumps do you go? I do. I start with two plates and then I'll go to three and that's about my limit. But you tell me what you're going to go. But I usually warm up with two. Yeah, that's a side. That's very cool. Some people start with one, but you have a care of these two plates are different. No, they're all the same. That's about you. I've got a little more OCD there. I just keep the seat really low on these. So I like a lower seat rather than a higher seat. That makes sense. Yeah, I got you. I'm going to jump in there. You can have the same machine doing more decline or incline. Maybe just scoot the seat up and down. Let me guess. 12 repetitions. How did you guess? This might be a little more actually. Yeah, it's still warming up. So I'll do two sets like this and then I'll usually go into the working sets. At least three working sets. So this is more of a feel set. Just getting a getting a blood in there. Yeah, I ended up, uh, I don't know if I end up doing feeler sets. Like, I'll do. I hate warm. I hate the term warm up because you went to 150 degrees in Vegas. I'm still a warm, right? I think I almost say feeler reps. Like, I might do like, if I already warmed up with the cables, I might do like three and then say, okay, I can handle tokens. Everything feels good. Let's move on. So you don't really care, okay? Yeah. But it's like, I got an easy way for me to do. But I get a grip position because I like a little like CRU going wider. I'm basically in the middle of that handle. Gotcha. The whole thing is chest out, right? We talked about, yep, there you go. Contraction boom, how's that feel good? Yep. That seat a good height or is it? That's right. See, like, like you said, you can kind of scoot your body down to. You have to create that art, right? Yeah. Me, like me sitting like this. I, what? That's a reverse a year. You are straight like this lean forward like hunches. That's definitely changed. All right, we're going to do one set of this way again. There you go. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. That'll be fours about the limit. That'll be heavy enough, but not so heavy. I'm going to rip something. It's like Dorian H, shit, bro. Uh, they're working set will be more like 15 or something. But like, easy to do it. It's almost like I want to conserve energy. It's not what I'm trying to think. He's like, so how many? Oh, no, guy, bro. How many are all out? Usually it's about seven. Sometimes six. Like if I did a, so if you do four plates, what do you how many sets are you thinking with the four plates? That'd be two. Or if after that first set, I might have to drop into three in the 25. But it's rare I do four sets on one machine. No, you didn't come out. You didn't sense no pretty light for me to be honest, bro. But I just don't usually go that heavy, right? Like pushes. I, uh, I just had that yesterday with legs. I'm doing leg press. I'm like, I feel really good right now. My knees feel good. But a week ago, they were feeling a little tender. So it's like, okay, rather than just immediately go all out. I don't know where. Let's just back off. Yeah, of course. So that's, that's you have to have that instinctive attitude. Never been hurt when I felt off. Because if I felt off, that was the signal to say back off. It's always when I got a lesson to your body, bro. Yeah, it's like every time I feel the best, I'm like, oh, I should push it two levels further than normal. And then I'm like in the, in the danger zone. Good. Good mum. want long work how many we call 80 sequo 1700 34 sometimes I try not to count. It's better because you're just listening to what if you got a number in your mind, you know, you hit 10. 10. It's like, oh, I did it. You know, that's why I always like you made that joke about the 12 reps. I just use as a common number. I tried not to do more than 12 if that makes sense. I hate to 12 is always my like a range of enough weight that's too light. I mean, come on. Oh yeah, for your sets. It's probably two minutes, minute and a half. If I'm feeling antsy, maybe a minute like triceps or no, and like a side ladders, that could be a minute. Because I'm not going to heavy. So yeah, 30 pounds and burning. But something like this, I really have you one. Probably two or three minutes. Enough time to just feel my heart get back to normal. I'm not huffing. And I feel like I can do the same weight for at least 80% each of that seed set. But I mean, sometimes if I felt like that was heavier than expected, I'd drop this to three in a 25. How do I feel? Oh, I got one more. But yeah, probably just, I mean, I'd probably do the two sets here and then block. Like I'll do three sometimes. But if you think it's enough, like you said, you said you're feeling good with it. Because it's like I want to do enough, but there's no point in doing too much. So I'm trying to find that line. Yes. Let's go. A little peak. A little peak. A little peak. Good. Come on. Oh, yeah. Yeah, that's probably too heavy. Not with the assisted reps. That was eight. But it's just a little bit of this. Yeah. Yeah, it's hard not to utilize it because I'm like fighting mine. You know what happens? This is what happens when you start to struggle. So we talk about that, right? That's where the weight, remember when you were talking about the tricep press downs? Yeah. That's, you know, I'm trying to find it, but it's, it's like it's easy on the first three. It was okay. This weight is moving. But yeah, it's hard to find. That's what I learned training with people unless I never really had training partners. But when I did, it always helps to get through that little peak, right? To keep once you start bringing the triceps in the shoulders, how much you've been offending when that one area, right? Well, would you finish all your pressing first? No, I go. Sometimes I, what I would I always talk about and not to say that I followed this to extreme pump stretch, pump stretch. That's kind of how I guided. So if I, now I kind of do like some sort of fly, open up more tissue, more blood flow, since I already got some blood in there. Dress those fibers, get some more, and then pump. But you take it to what you're doing, what your normal range is. Well, I'll follow some of that. But you a, more cable flyer, we can do a cable fly. I'm trying to think, uh, I mean, it was a cable. Okay. We can find one. Yep. Have any of you like this handle? That one? No, that. I was by the say, through the fat grips applied to the cables too. I'd probably grab the thinnest one. This probably can be some floating around here somewhere. Are you doing a single army? You're going to do both. I was thinking, both. Huh? Yeah, both arms. You want to go low? You want to go high? Maybe, uh, what do you like? 17. You got, you see the 17 or yeah, that's it. Yeah, that's the right. Sometimes I feel like, okay, I just did an incline upper chest movement. Now, I might just make this more of a decline fly. And then I'll go back and forth. There's like a back, I might do lats, and then traps, and then lats, like, altering between pull-outs and rows. Similarly, just. Same thing, chest out. You know what's crazy is that? You know, when I do videos and I talk about the movements, sometimes it's hard for me to explain because I think we talked about this, you just do it, right? So it's sometimes it, you don't think about it because this is the way you learned. Yeah, like, some, uh, so when you try to explain to your viewers, sometimes it's a little difficult because, like, you know, there's certain body positions, every, like, I just didn't like this. I've done it like this like this. I want to see how you're going to do this one. So as I said, this is kind of like the same as the style, irresistently. Because usually, I just stand right in the middle, but I think I've been cutting my stretched position short because if I'm right here holding the weight, it doesn't give me your is my right. I can hold this forever because all the forces just go through my bones. Yeah. If I take a few steps forward, it's pulling my chest back. You'd you notice when I step forward? Yeah. So maybe the irres still that from you when you guys worked out. I don't think we, I don't know if we did chest. Yeah, I don't remember. Yeah. So we didn't let you kind of know that. Maybe we did, we did shoulders, I think actually. Good stretch, good. Yep. So your whole focus is shoulders, you know, keep the shoulders out of it. So keep that chest high and forward and that's what you're doing, bro. You're hitting it just right. Yeah. I probably end up just doing one more of these and then, do you want to open weight? No, I was just happy. I probably want to go on and have you in that. This next life's going to lighter. Oh, yeah, come on. Burn them out, last couple. Let's go. 70 right, you were 80 last time. Yeah, 70 meters. Do you, uh, you're looking yell back? Like you're not, you're really in a set. No, because I never trained with a partner. Yeah, that's, it was when I was working out there was he yelled it was hers is yelling. I'm so well, I'm wrong. And all the, it's like, dude, Sam, what the? Errs is yelling at you, dude, I said, you're not saying anything. It's like, I think subconsciously, I almost want the set to speak for itself. Well, you know what it is here yelling at yourself inside. Right, because this man, I watched a lot of your stuff and like you said, you're in this place by yourself, who's yelling at you? Who's motivating you? How hard you work when the room is empty because of a lot of empty rooms when you're training, right? I, I mean, I feel like so many guys in introduction is like a football weight room or wrestling room. And those video, like the energies insane, 30 dudes screaming at you. I feel like it's got to be hard to go from that to just you. Dude, I trained at home for years. I built the home jam and I trained when I won my pro card in 96. So I built the home gym with 2000 feet. I had all the best equipment and I literally trained at home. So when people say, I, you unmotivated to train at your home or train where there's no atmosphere. I, I wouldn't even, you, if you asked me what the music was, I have no idea. I never heard the music ever in the gym because people like, man, the music sucks in here. I'm like, what music? I didn't hear it. All I was, I just had tunnel vision. When you listen to my videos, I was so locked in. All I thought about was what I went through my head a hundred times. I knew exactly when I went in the gym and what I was going to do. That's it. I, uh, I'll usually have the headphones going. But it's, I get, I see some guys talk about like the music's a crutch. I feel like, well, what if I don't have my music? It's cool to go to the, like, when you're on the way to the jam and you got the music blared up, which you're not doing, because you're talking on the way to the gym right by it. So, for the, I like it on a sec. Mid set, I need to go on turn my like it, put the headset on and you go, right? I mean, but in between you just breathe. That's it now. Yeah. All right, that's a good burn. Yeah, I like, uh, I like that. So, you can, you same weight. But just by changing it from a fly to a little press, you can do a few acts. Let me ask you this, though. So, you went from, you started at 80. So, is this a common weight at your gym that you usually use? Yeah. So, there's this, this is a few different from the one you normally use. What else? Well, let me think about it. Do you think, is this one heavier? Yeah. It's, I feel like depending on what gym you're trying at summer heavier than others, right? It's got to be close. 80, it's close. Gems is not the same 80 at other gyms, right? I always said it goes in Venice has a lighter weight. Yeah, yeah, it is the two here. Now what do you think? I'd probably go back to some sort of press. Yeah. How, where's the, what kind of not let's one? In Iraq. Should go back to. Color, make the gym know. Yeah, it's a little different. With your place. Yeah. Because I'm like, what do you think? And the weight in black is so sormtrooper. Yeah. But, you know, not a list or that selectorized piece. This is good. So, if you want, this is pretty decent on math. That's like, no, probably would be pretty good after. Let me, this one's pretty decent because you have some different, here's some different handles here, you know? Yeah. Let me do a feel here, see. It's like, because sometimes they get a lot of front delts, even if I'm like, really, see how it feels. This handles pretty good too for that. Very different. Oh, yeah, that's something. So you're going to get a lot of the upper chest on this. Yes, come in. Is this a further enough back for you? It's one quick turn about. That's this week's about it. Okay, let's, I'll start the so let's put a plate on. I, I have two good for this. You think so? Yeah. I think you, you'll do more, but. Close that higher grips a little heavier. Oh, much leverage. Is about constant tension. You see how this feels, it might still be a little light for you. Let's see. Oh, I'll feel this for over 10. Nice and secluded back here. Yeah. Okay, yeah, you're right. Right, right? Yeah. Okay. Now, this is for within the realm of normalcy. Now, fast forward a few months. When instead of a hundred, 50 grams of carbs a day, I mean, like 800, is that an average usually 800 carbs? Well, that'd be like, get deep into a book. You have a hear about my thousand carb pre-contest diet days? That's, that's specifically. Yeah. How long is that for you? I dieted. I dieted. Dude, I first Arnold victory 10 weeks, thousand carbs a day. Then your whole job becomes eating. Yeah. No cardio, double session training. Back in my era, it was training twice a day. I was on a two-day kick because I had just read something or watch something where it was like, okay, your muscle, your window of muscle protein synthesis is 48 hours. So, I heard that a stuck with it. I said, okay, if it's 48 hours, I should hit a muscle, rest a day, hit it again. It's now it's been 48 hours. Okay. So, I had a limb day and a torso day. So, limb day, I do legs in the morning, arms and night. Torso Dad, you're back in the morning, just a night. Okay. I did it for like three months. I think I don't even, like, I was bulky in quotes. Like I was just eating. Yeah. When I'm hungry. So, like, it sounded like a shrunk, but it does burn a lot more calories. Definitely, definitely more active. Yeah. So, I did, like, if I did legs together, I'd do hamstrings in the morning, five hours later, do quads. I think. And then I would do, like, I did, I split arm training then. So, I did like chest in the morning and biceps at night. And then I would do shoulders and triceps. So, I would do the split that way. I get curious about splitting up legs because if I, if I'm bulking up and I get a quite only day, yeah, like so much energy. But then it's where do I put hamstrings? Well, a lot of people put hamstrings with triceps or the arm. Yeah, but a lot of people do it that way, which, to me, is awkward, but it works for a lot of people. Yeah. Yeah, I might be good. But you first of me first. Yeah. Let's hit it. All right, let's go now. Better right. Yeah. Good. Screage. Good. Do some part, so let's grow. Come on. Then you know, okay. That was good. I want to see. A 25 might have been okay. Was it heavier than what you thought? I want to try this. That might have been little lighter than what I thought actually. But we got a few extra minutes of rest talking about legs. Or, well, an extra minute. I might just do a drop set for the next one. Ah. You know what the crazy thing is, though, is that my age still no pain. No shoulder pain, no elbow pain, no knee pain. I'm trying to get better at that. My rate of injury has decreased drastically because of why I think it's because of all the feedback up here and everybody say, you're going to wait to fucking heavy. And it's like, sometimes I'm just doing it like I said 12 with three plates. And like that's pretty reasonable weight. And I'll still get it. But just from here, everybody like, it creeps in your mind enough where you hear it and you're like, okay, might be on a something here. Back off a little warm up a little more. Like with just, I can't really, I can pinpoint the last time I had a crunchy shoulder because of all that cable stuff. Like, how did your chest feel right now? Oh, can pump. Yeah. So with this weight, what do you want to go with? Oh, I'm going to have the same. No, that's one more plate, but it'll be a drop set. So you want to do a full plate? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, full plate. And then we'll drop it after I fail with this. So after seven probably, that's the guess that's eating beat it. Take your time now. Paste yourself. I had to say that because, you know, okay, let's go. Come on. Come on. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. Thank you. I'd easy work now. No. Yeah. It's impressive. That's a good good. Subjectively. I feel like just one set of flies would be enough to finish my break. Okay, I was always, I always talk about, um, they get, I trained a failure. I was a crazy volume trainer. 20 sets per body part, including biceps triceps. But I never trained to failure. If I told you in my career, I very rarely ever went to failure. If ever, you won't find many videos of me online training to failure. Yeah. I, uh, I don't know who I remember seeing this clip of, um, I think it's just Korean guy or something. It's in legs, trunks, like absolutely, you know, 10 reps sets, totally had like five left. So I do think about that. It's like, everyone is different with what I think you have to choose one. So if you're going to do crazy volume, you can't train to absolutely like this. But if you're going to train to failure, you can't do the crazy volume, right? So yeah, it's like, it's like an area under the curve. If you do 10 sets, you do six sets, they have to be extra intense. So you're reaching this average threshold. But if you back off a little and you do more that workload, but you train a lot like hers when I train with hers, a lot of the, a lot of the sets were to failure like that. And I never prefer doing necessarily drop sets as much, although I did, don't get me wrong. But remember, I didn't have a training partner a lot of the time. So I don't know how you're handling your drop sets now if you're training by yourself and the gym. You still do, you get off the and change yourself. Well, I do use of your drops. That's with the with cable stacks. Okay. It's just a quick little easier, right? Yeah. But I think that pectical, right? You want to try this one? Yeah. I like these. So what's nice about this piece is this is the platform goes up and down. So, you know, no matter what your height is, the platforms there. So I usually prefer this because it's different piece. I didn't really, I didn't have this in my heyday. Yeah. So you notice, I'll still kind of keep my head up, right? And squeeze that chest. I'm not so concerned about a little bit of shoulder hunching on something this decline is your front delts just don't get much activation at all. Like they're working to raise your arms upward. So sometimes when I do these decline flies, I end up cramming it a little more than maybe I would like to. Oh, a little after you. Yeah, always says that. He said that a whole time on me. I'm going to go a little heavier. I never overestimate. Oh, shit. Jared Feather right there. Are you signing the wall? I don't know. It looks like these are all I have to be be pros. Maybe we'll see this for later. Of the mystically. Yeah. What about these? It's. Water now. Yeah, I think there'll be a work in sa Good now. You're that now outer lower right? Good. Yeah, I think that's bad enough. I think seven sets has been my number the last few months. One, we're back in 2002. I didn't count. We're good set as well as no matter what I'm doing. I'm repin' numbers. You think posing room or whatever you want. Here you can do anywhere. Let's see how it works. You should ask him, you know. I love to hear what I've learned about Sam today more than anything is that it's very instinctive. He's just taken it by whatever roles. Every day is going to be different. You may think that you're going to have to feel a certain way or feel a movement. Some of those days, I can't tell you how many times I drove through the gym. Got to gym training for Olympia. This isn't the day. Can I turn around left? Yeah. Do you ever have those days? It's rare. I think I'm setting myself up for success in a way. I think even the days where I feel like shit, I reroute it and I'm like, okay, it's good that it's hard. It's good. It's sleep less. Totally stupid. Totally should have just, but there's a certain value in having the ability to do that. I think you can look at two guys where they say, okay, I'm a little under-recovered. I should probably take a rest day today and they stay home. That's one. Like he's saying objectively, it's better if I stay home recover and come back tomorrow and train harder. But the same situation could be. I don't feel like it. Let's do a rest day. Like that guy wouldn't even want to go. So it's like, I almost think it's better when guys take it too far and then they back off. Do you have a day off? I'm probably going to have to add some. I'm feeling, I train seven days right now. But not when I was trained to focus, I found like three on one off, two on one off schedule. I actually followed that routine, which is odd, but five total days in the week, but three straight, train two more days and take a day off. I think I'm starting to feel the need to reduce my quad volume or reduce the quad intensity. And it's like, when I'm bulking up, my legs end up being the biggest, or I can see they're like making faster developments. It's slow no matter what, but I can still notice it with heavier pressing stuff. I'm doing a lot more leg press, but if I do three good sets of leg press, two sets of smiths, squatter something like my leg just still sore that next leg. Yeah. I might have to back off quad-wise and same thing diving down. Like if I do two, like even just two weeks ago, I did like three leg days in a row, like in the routine where heavy leg press, heavy leg press, that fourth came around, like, can do that. I shouldn't even do quad-zone. I can still feel them like I'm accruing too much fatigue. So I mean, you take food out of the equation. Not eating so many carbs, everything. Yeah. Might have to back off a little. But not into a rest day. I don't like the idea of taking it unless you know you need it. It's like the guy saying, well, 20 minutes of cardio is actually better than an hour. But he would never do that hour. The guy who tried it and said, okay, this is too much. He's got a different value system. I'll see a lot of power list of guys almost making fun of younger dudes. Like new to the gym and they're saying, I don't squawk as it's not optimal. The fatigue to stimulus ratio, it's not there. But the kids never squawked. Yeah. It's different for the guy who squatted 600 to say that. Because he has a deeper understanding of it. Like there's a difference between like lifting knowledge and like lifting wisdom almost. So I think I've been on the return from going too much too heavy, too frequently. It's easing back to I think more options. As well remember, if you're going into some sort of a deeper prep with low carbs, you're going to uncharted territory that you've never been in before. Exactly right. It's like it wouldn't make any sense to do everything exactly the same if my food has rapidly halved from what it used to be. Well, it's a, you know, it's fine. Some lighting or pumps are deflating. It's okay. It's okay. It's just complete. And the plan is, this would be about 10 weeks out or so. So you tell me what's jumping out at you. Oh, start holding those. It's why you know what we'd practice? Yeah. 10. Contitan. The post-lifter. And you know, and then every pose, right? And yeah, so I'm going to move. I feel like I'm in. That's going to condition you. The way I've been doing is I always have an extra squeeze. Yep. Because I'm aiming for your conditions. Your conditions decent decent decent. Okay. Good. I mean, you're not in any kind of, oh, my gosh, like in 10 weeks out, but yeah, you need to definitely, you know, start turning it up a little bit, you know. If the show is in 10, if it's a 10 week, you know what I mean? You're the a lean. Just getting some sort of a sequence. I mean, the body looks good. I mean, backs, the backs are your best body, aren't right? Yeah, do that little so you can see the, yeah. Yeah, that's great. Good. So you're going to check the biceps good to you, to the bicelli. There you go. See that's what you're going to have to see. So when you do this, you're going to have to learn to breathe into it. Really, because of some round after round, they're going to, they're going to torture you depending on how close it is. You know, obviously, you don't want to make it. That's why conditioning factor. You have enough mass. It's what's shown off. But you know, it's about conditioning. Like you can, you have the ability, like you have the fibers, like the shoulders and the side. You see all the striations. You know, this, make sure this is, you know what I mean? Just get that crazy, really, like, remember, your abs and all the poses, especially, they have to be, yes, like see all this when you hit it. But you shouldn't have to work. Breathe. Breathe. Yeah, you're right. Right. So this is where you have to start conditioning, opposing now, because posing every day is going to give you that conditioning. So I know you're going to, but you've got to start holding these poses longer than what they can't just showing off for the camera and the fans, right? So it's just, you got to have this is where you can come in. You know, your, your, your pose, like you have what is it front, last thread for the rest of your body, right? Side, chest and back double, right? Yeah. So though you, I mean, you don't have as many as a, as a real body building, but remember, it, the legs going to be in there, all that. That means to be everything. combination of tightness. Yes. And that midsection due to this classic, that tight midsection, right? That's one thing. If you ever look at a lot of my stuff due to my midsection, I always had crazy midsection, I always flat because I practice holding it in, right? And just really, you almost have this, we talk about all the time, you're sucked to your spine. Because when you sucked to your spine right there, you just look at that dude. It's going to bring in all those intercostals, everything. And it's going to make your upper torso look bigger, right? Hosing is going to be your biggest key to your success. And that means practice because it looks like we love the training, the posing some other fucker. Yeah. The posing practice is definitely subpar compared to that. So instead of going through, you've got to just, like, so I would go through the quarter turns three times each time, 10, I would do that three times, three times. So that's seven poses, right? We have seven or eight. Like, I mean, we have abs and thighs. We have, you know, side tries up which you guys don't have, which I hope they open up. Keep you guys more opportunity to do that, you know? They don't have side tries up. Do they have side? No, right? They do it. You guys are all going to do it in your posing routine. I think you should do all the poses because you have the physique to do what I mean, do this, everything, right? What they have abs and thighs? For a while, I thought it was like kind of, what's your signature? What is your signature on your clothing? Oh, that's, I think it's something along these lines. Yeah, I know. The clothing's just the last one. Oh, okay. But a lot of the, a lot of the username, like profile. Yeah, that's why I thought there's some, okay. When you're sitting on the arm, twisting back because he's got such a low-lapse. Yeah, yeah, I do that. I'm sorry, I'm not. I mean, you could do a lot, bro. Just open this stuff up, you know? I mean, just, yeah, once you're conditioned to, I mean, because you're going to, they're going to ask you your favorite posing, favorite, um, favorite, um, favorite class. Yeah, right, yeah. And that's, uh, I feel like that's almost half, maybe think about who's next to you. It's like, if the guy's next to you. Well, I mean, like, what's bomb said's the very right one. He does that. He always says that because it's like he's so wide, you know? And I feel like you have, you ever, the width. I thought he did something like this. Yeah, yeah, he does this in like, uh, like the suction. Right. Yeah, he said to it. Let's see, yeah, what else? Yeah, I mean, dude, you're just, when you get home, bro, it's time to rock and roll. You're not traveling much now, right? I would, it's pretty much nothing. But you're not doing any cardio now. Cardi a session. Hey, you're not doing any cardio now. I'm like, cardio every morning 30 minutes. Okay. Yeah. That's okay. I thought you were doing nothing. I was not ready for that. That's pretty good for just training and whatever. Yeah. Now, there's cardio. Your back is lean. Like, yeah, I was, I was surprised myself. I went after the last back day when I saw my reflection. Yeah, with all the, what do you call that? Your erector is your real strength. Yeah. See, yeah, that's what's going to be. Yeah, it's up for me. But you know what it is now? It's just getting in the rhythm. So it's like more consistency to your program. Yeah. And you can, you know, dial right into your, all this is ready. Just, you guys, all you gotta tighten up is just the midsection. And obviously the backs there, you know, but it's crazy. Because your midsection's, your lower, his lower backs leaner than his midsection is. Yeah. Yeah. Dickens. You know, like, you know, we don't get this shit till the very end. Like, it's always, I held it here, you know? Yeah. And I was always leaning in my midsection, but your, your shit right now is, got it back where you can, you can see it. You can see it. You can see it. Look at it, bro. Yeah, I mean, look at that. It's better than something I saw. Yeah. If you just pull one. Right. Is that what he was seeing? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That would be that. Yeah. Sounds like I know tips from a, I mean, look at, look at the, like, let's get the crazy backs. Yeah. It's a, oh, the starting point. Yeah. I know, but he's not, he's been going, but I'm saying is like, hey, get on, like, this is your, this is your now you go home and it's like, right, more sequence, you know, because this is a countdown, bro. It's that you get to six weeks down, like you're in the zone. That's, there's no world at that point, you know, you're practicing, practicing, practicing, practicing at that point. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Those poses, posing, posing, posing, you know, you're in charge of the posing. Take them through the rounds. Like I said, three rounds. Three rounds of, uh, three rounds of, uh, three rounds of. Back and it's hold. And then, in that way, you can, when you, when you see this, and you can do, like, the positioning, okay, does it look better here? Does it look better with a little, you know, because as a condition comes and more is going to show you're going to be able to show the serratus and all that, right? The packs that's going to be more striations here. Obviously, you've got the crazy striations in the shoulders. So sometimes, you know, you might want to show that off, like, you know, in different poses like the Arnold poses good to, you can look good on all those poses. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, look at how full your chest is. I mean, see the midsection, see when you, all this gets tightened up, roll, like, see all this. That's, that's going to be, well, you got, uh, you're training abs. Yeah, sometimes. I'm going to, I'll add it in. I just did it after cardio, like two days ago, like eight sets. Yeah. Do you have a crunch? Yeah. So I'll add it that more. Yeah. I got to have you text me some kind of, uh, little routine list. Oh, they're every new girl. Whatever you need, man. Yeah. Well, do your time training it with the best. You're not. You're not. You have a whole, uh, you're going to motivate a lot of people. So I'm happy to know that there's going to be a stage at the end of this, you know, so No, Chris. It's always been the plan. But like, why? Yeah, but no, no one, do you know, it was a big question. Well, I wouldn't do, right? I mean, if you did you know, but for today, even after this, it's talked about it. But never, like, yes, I do. Even after this, it'll still be well. Okay. You know, who, you know, every promoter in the US is going to be looking for him to come to the show. I'm pleased to know. Yeah. We're a little longer. Yeah. He's not going to wait that long. He's got things to do. I know, I know where his mind is going. It's, I'm not saying. Yeah. Well, just said to see what happens is that anybody can talk to talk. Yeah. Show off. See what kind of result he can actually make happen. Yeah, this is a, I hopefully people comment on their thoughts on that. It was a highlight of our front of month. It's a good question. Keep crushing. Okay. You look great. Oh, appreciate it. Bring a home man. Just wait for it. We'll see some more updates. This time passes. We might first time blow up to 20 years. And all that was like when you when I've, do that, I died it out. I've been that light since I was 16. It's old, you know. Well, sweet. Thank you. Yeah. I'm going to go back to go back to making sure we don't over eat and get a cardiovascular going. Get a cardiovascular today. I did this morning. I do faster in the morning. Yeah. I do it more from my mind than I do for my body. But you know, I get a, so I get a little gym at the apartment. Mm. Sometimes I don't even like, I'd rather go to the real one. But then I'm like, okay, I'm wasting 40 minutes drive in here. Sometimes it's a mental thing. You know, it's I always talk about the meditation that we get from training and cardio. And sometimes those rides. We talk it on the way to the cardio. Okay. So you didn't learn in meditation now. Well, sometimes it'll, it'll depend. Like if I wasn't going to record that workout, yeah. I might just record the cardio. They hate it though. They, a full video only talk about cardio. But you got to hear it. You know, that's, that's never going to end. Good man. Yeah. Well, it's going to be tough. Yeah.

=== FILE: Clothing Announcement - Winter Shredathon Day 53 - Back [tQZa50VXnMk].txt ===

Alright, so I was under the impression the sweating is might add to the contrast, but honestly, it makes it a little more subtle. Depending on what you're going for, either a plus or minus, but little updates on the back end of everything else that's been going on. We get the merch fucking moving. Let's all cut through a couple of sort of b-roll shots. Or we ended up making it. Kind of a short sleeve looking gray kind of stone washed. They've all got a similar little kind of stylized, like last spread sort of logo. And then over the back, everything's got some kind of something in like a pressed silicone. But I'm kind of jumping the gun, man. You know, this isn't just like a fucking overnight thing. I guess it's kind of a lot of extra planning. I wasn't really expecting. You know, you think it's just like, alright, let's go to, let's go to a printifying, make some kind of random. Like, no, there's a lot more back end stuff at work. But assuming all's gone well, this shit is life. And we got the same, sooo like, dot com and everything. Yesterday, in the in Mark, we all, we went to, we went to American Barbell. We were sitting there for like four hours getting all the product shots of us doing like some sets. And a lot of this. So a lot of like, I could, you know, just standard kind of standard kind of shit. But let's see if you can, so cutting over the shoulders. Because obviously, I'm diving down right now. Literally, 100% of what I fucking stand for right now. So if you're not, you know, if you're not trying to trim down, guess what? You're not at a freaking luck because couple of the widths, some of the cutting shirts, get a kind of a grayish. I don't know, okay, far away with this sort of lighting. But a grayish, more of a light red. Maybe. If you're on the bulk, you're not freaking worry. You have got you covered, right? And not only do I think the silicone is just kind of extra cool. But you do have the added benefit of, it's a little bit of extra grip on some kind of the, any kind of press that you're doing. But don't, don't worry, I'm not going to turn every video into like a freaking Sam kind of merch add. But what's really cool about the way, because like, this is cool. Like honestly, when me and Mark actually got all these final versions in and everything, like we're fucking extra hyped. Because I mean, we've been working on this for months, not like not just the design stuff, but it takes a while to get these sort of things moving. So seeing an actually in person, ready to go, I was getting this real excited. But the cool part is, now I can do whatever, you know? Because it's, you know, it's not like we've partnered with some kind of random whatever. Like, this is just all us. Like we got a little design team who's helping me sort of, like if I want bits on this to look like this and like I love the way that this shirts specifically feels like not, I mean, not feels to wear, but like the bagginess and the sleeves and everything else. So it's gotten to the point now where like I can kind of think of something, get down and description, and then we can just jump straight to making, you know? And that's extra cool for me because, I mean, it's not like any other, because I've been totally quiet about it. Like all the comments where you guys talk about, like Sam, when are you going to release this or when are you going to partner with these guys to do? I have one to talk about it, you know? Because it's like a knock on a wood situation. You know, I want to kind of get it moving first. But there I'll be more to come here for sure. And I want to hear your feedback, you know? Because I've said this about the videos before. I'm not just making them for fun. I make these because you guys like them. Like if I, if in the beginning when I was posting these, I don't think I would have kept doing it for this long unless I got the, you know, unless I built this kind of like perception which is absolutely fucking same. Like today is Thanksgiving. The video is, you know, it's the next day, but I, like when I look back, it's just absolutely insane how crazy these last two and a half years have been. Because it's like, you know, it's a, I'll talk to some guys that haven't seen before and it's like, get whole world for Sam totally flips freaking upside down. But, oh yeah. So just a black kind of grayish hoodie or not, grayish shorts leave shirt. Little on the baggie rent, most of this stuff is just true to size. Like this is a 3 XL. And like it's, it's like a little bit draped but nothing too crazy. Yeah. Black shirts just got pumped over the back. We were trying to, we were trying to figure out some way to do like a, like a sweat activated thing where it's like, once you were drenched, all those letters would be revealed, but it's nothing came to that. Maybe that's for like a version too, but yeah, for, for this little silicone looking starter line, there will be more to come on. Extra excited about it. So I'll splice a, yeah, I should have already spliced them up some of the website stuff, but the last part is just a, was the plain ass sullacudi. And they've all got a little, they've all got a little Sam on here. Oh, I didn't even talk about it. They, we had a little extra holographic reminder onto the tag of all these things. You can't see it now, but in a close up, yeah, what does that say? So I get to go home. We can cut to cuts of the drive to back and I'll slap one of these things on and put it through its paces and get it just as drenched if not more drenched than this. So, we'll, we'll update for ya. Well, I'll see you in the car. Yes, that's, that's an, that's an important work going on for the last couple of weeks, but it's cool. I'm glad that's finally actually moving. Now the tricky part is over. I guess just have fucking fun, but, you know, so if we, we maybe come up with a little back and forth in the comments about what to get going next, nothing too crazy, nothing too wild, but if we're gonna branch out, one, I'll be the same, they won't be the same, just, you know, rubber letters kind of stuff. There's a lot of room to play around, but, play over tonight with back, pull down, rose, pull over, same as normal. I mean, you're really not the craziest thing in the world, but this gym does have one machine, which I'm a little extra excited for. And that's the sort of like hammer strength. I'd say, I think they call it a low, they might call it like a high row, but what I like about it is I can sit here and really get a deep, lat stretch in the front. And as I do the movement, the handles like sort of range of motion path leads, not just like straight towards you, but almost in front of you downward. So it's like pulled out at the top and then it pulls into more of a row. So it basically ends up suddenly squeezed the, squeezed the F, squeezed the frick out of my, out of my entire back from lats to even upper traps if I really kind of try to pull my elbows together and keep my shoulders up a little bit. Usually I try to make it a bit more lat-focused, but that's kind of the cable finisher that I've been doing for a little while, you know, where I go, put like a bench on an incline cable to extra lengthy handles. I kind of do that same sort of thing where it's like a lat-focused stretch and then leaning back in and more of a complete back-activating squeeze. Now, usually I like that cable version as the finisher, but for whatever reason this machine version, I usually like to start with it. So I apart from the fact that, you know, I know I'm going to be pulled out of the rows and pull over his stuff. I think I want to try to change it up and not only do the fact that lifting in different ways is going to give you different kind of stimulus and, you know, it's just going to be better all around, but it's just better for you as a fucking lifter. You know, okay, so you'll get more experience, just more experience period. You know, with different movements and how this feels after this, like benching on a Smith machine feels completely different if you've just done three sets of like cable work flies or cable presses beforehand and now you're pretty exhausted. So it's almost like you can't even just look at a workout as simply an exercise by exercise basis. Like a lift that's comprised of pull-downs, rows and pull-overs can feel extremely different depending on the order that you do them as well as like if you do heavy sets of this, more lighter squeezing sets of this, maybe some stretch focus like partial rep. Like there's a lot of different variables to it. And what I think is extra cool is it's easy to play around, you know, it's not because as long as your intensity is there, it's really hard to go wrong. Like you'd have to actively be doing something a little bit weird and off to really set yourself down the wrong path of any sort of specific muscle part, muscle, muscle group lift. So with back, I mean, you can throw a dude on just a seated row and pull down and if he wouldn't not switch attachments every so often, his back is going to be sweet. And then if you gave a guy like the fancies gym in the world with every different pull-down machine angle and strength curve and you had him go extra hard, he might get a bit more variability out of that training. But not so much that like, you know, in a year, the beginner might even really see it difference, you know, and I just mean to say that as a beginner lifter and I don't want to see that like a negative connotation sort of way. But for somebody who's very prone to new games, I think it's a better way to say it, then, the actual like exercise choices per se, it's not a, it shouldn't take the foreground of what you should be focusing on. Going hard, really pushing past the in the comfortability of like exerting yourself, that should be goal number one, baining wise, tandem with, you know, maintain reasonable form if you're, if you're benching, you know, ease into it, don't just drop 185 on your face, like little things like that. But that sort of, that should go with that same, you know, but, you know, so that's a plan for time. I want to try to change it up, but keep the intensity, the energy and everything else in between the same as normal. So, you know, I say that now, if I do end up doing a back day, which I've kind of done before, if I feel like it's just the best move for tonight, what could you do? I mean, that's just what's going to happen. But I am going to try to change it up, so all, probably specifically look for things and exercise orders or like maybe, maybe some super sets that I haven't done at least super recently. But, like that's, that's all there is to say, the preface it, let's just get started. All right, I don't typically start with this machine, and now that I think about it, I don't think I've ever started with this machine, or even, I don't think I've even fucking used it before. It's kind of a multi-grip sort of row, but with the orientation that I'm going to do today, I'm thinking, underhand at that lowest setting, and this is lighter than I could potentially like move around, but heavy enough that I want to go or I can still get a really good squeeze. So, I want to make this a bit more of a controlled set, no throwing it around, full second hole, like, yeah, yeah, and then burn out that fascia. And the very next set, I might do a little heavier and be a little more British, but I think this would be good start, and let's start that I don't normally do, so I think I changed it up goal as well. That's where this next one. A little heavier and a little quicker, and then just go from there. Oh, yeah, let's do one more. Goal-de-lux style right between those two weights, and then move on. Yeah, this is definitely a starting haven't started with at least for a while. Oh, okay. I think mid to upper back has just been wrecked, I was gonna smack some lats with a basic approach. I guess one does. Classic pull down will do well. Now, this first set, I'm gonna make a little heftier throw this shit around. Like, I'm still gonna squeeze at the bottom of course, but this would just be a heavier set. And then next one, I'm gonna draw the weight by half and do a real squeezing focus kind of thing. But I do think that an even balance of some heavier quicker reps and some slower squeezing once, usually slower and lighter, but not always. I think it's a good way to go bad. Oh, yeah, okay. Holy crap. Yeah, that was good. Like, I was a petite insect, but that actually might have been a little too heavy. Let's drop it to, well, from 26 to 180, make this next one more slow squeezing focus. Then go from there. Already, probably about halfway, guys. Doesn't take too much. Plus, I'm extra carb duck from Thanksgiving today, so I think that helps the energy levels. Ooh. One more like that. And then let's move on to that half pull down, half room machine behind me. There's Mark. He's got some legs tonight, so not a tandem lift, but he's getting left for it. Faster, faster whip debats after 11 souhan of stuff. No. No. No. No. No. Yeah. Holy crap. Let's see that pull over thing. A rope pull down thing. And obviously, if it's a good set, I think that's it. That can see on that. Wow. No point even saying it. And we won't see him probably just a set or two. Two plates felt like a little, well, like a little little. Four would be too much. I think three might be the sweet spot. And there's potential for this become a drop set, but I got to finish the first portion first. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh. No. No. No. No. Oh. No. No. No. No. No. No. Oh yeah. Yeah, I lied. No need to start bringing drops out there. Just that straightener's good. That's it. Let's go fucking pose them, man. That was a quick one. But still, about as much volume as I was aiming for. Three rows, three pole downs. Seven sets. If they're good, I think you may not need too many more. But let's go find some lighting. And now we're back to the fucking beginning, except much later into the day. So if one little note, if this audio is like totally scuffed, the music in here is like crazy loud. So I probably had to do some kind of like fucking noise, reducer, sort of whatever. But let's see how we're looking, pumps. It's the root of the damn pump cover. Oh yeah. I would say living up to the silicon dead damper. But let's actually get some real data. Sorry. So this is with an extra 800 calories worth of a re-thed. I did end up eating a bit more than I intended to during the Thanksgiving dinner. But that's all right. I'm not saying for all the time, but for this sort of instance specifically for me, it just kind of casts as a little bit of a re-feed, which I just about two months in nearly. I was probably due for it. So one day is not going to kill you. Obviously. It's when you start like, oh, re-feed Monday. Re-feed Tuesday. Re-feed Friday. It's, you know, there's a limit to where you're actually using it for an intended purpose. Versus, you're just not even, you're not even sticking to your deficit anymore. So it should be a touch extra carved up. So this post then might be a little freaky of the normal. No. All right. Then same shift in the back. Ooh. Now that is a Christmas tree if I've ever fucking seen when I ran. And we're on tracks at some cool shit now. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my god. All right. Well, back more than fucking complete. Holy shit. Let's do one more then. Then we get ready to get ready to get ready to get ready. Okay. There we go. Now we can find that screen. What do you think? Pumps? Yeah. This is. So look at this. Like lower back. Look at all those extra fucking lions. All right. Jesus. And I'm like, like, I'm soft. Not relatively to like everybody else, but like, there's a lot of pinchable fluff in here. So next month, month after. This is a good fucking nuts. The house lights. Very good. Crazy. For us. Post. Thanks give it a meal. After the first set of super heavy leg. Like, like, press. I was like, oh, so we finished dinner. We basically came right over here. Honestly, that first set of rows of those two, pretty uncomfortable. I had like, at a bunch of extra fucking turkey. I will say this though. That was probably our best Thanksgiving turkey ever cooked. I'm talking dry, salt brine, butterflide in the oven. Popfully new to do it. But let's get in your dough. Let's take this. Let's just roll it up again. All right, won't. There's. Let's get out of here. Yeah, that was quite the freaking back day indeed. A little quicker, a little higher paste. And I could definitely tell him, I kind of exer. I want to say an exercise. But energy level, like set by shit. Now, y'all, it's not reflective. You know, like, that work at us feeling pretty, pretty well. Intergest. And really, just because I was well fed. You know, so back onto my 20 something hundred calorie limit tomorrow. And then I am good. So I want to be surprised if the next couple days will be at a new low of a 230-30-8 or so, 230-8 morning weight. Empty stomach empty everything. And then just keep going from there. Back, especially I'm excited for it to see Git leaner because chest, extra veins, extra fibers. Obviously fucking cool. Right. Same thing with triceps and legs, hamstring separation, abs, shoulder striations. Okay, I'm getting excited about all that. But back specifically has some key features, which are extra cool. Right. That kind of Christmas tree of your directors tying into your lat insertions, which you can like physically see the fibers of in that little triangular sort of shape kind of thing. And then just veins across the board. You know, top to bottom side, side to side everywhere else. So I was, yeah. All right. I walked to the cover to get some shit last night. And I could see way more of quad veins than normal. Just walking around like nothing. So, yeah, we are definitely getting somewhere. If you're curious about when this dieting phase is going to end, yeah. Not soon. You know, I'm leaner. But I'm not lean enough. In the sense that I'm not as lean as I want to get during this dieting phase. No absolute freaking chance. But playing with tonight meal wise, I might have some leftover turkey. It's approaching, every list, that's it. I think I already had like maybe upwards of 250, 300 grams of carbs, 100 something of fats. And then I met 230 approaching. I did an, you know, slam an ton of the, a ton of turkey. So, yeah, not really too much food left to eat, which I don't want to go to bed right after work and I'm not eating anything. You know, I do want to eat some kind of something or other. But, yeah, just nothing too crazy. So, that's where I think it's just a little bit left to over turkey. We get for me. Take on my vitamins. Make sure I drink it. So make sure water and then pass out. I'm sure I'm going to sleep like a baby. I'm not even sure how long I might have. It might do me good not even setting a alarm. Just to make sure I really get a full, just make sure I get the full sort of recovery effective, having had a refie day today. You know, because if I just say it a bunch of extra food, if I don't get a good nice rest, then, you know, sure I had some extra calories that day. But I probably didn't make as good of a use of it as I could have. If I match that with, you know, being properly hydrated and more than well-rested. Because it's, it all just plays into each other. It's kind of a synergistic style. It's like you get a, it's like you're trying to climb a ladder, build a tower on three legs, right? You die at your hydration and your sleep. You know, if you're drinking more than enough fucking water and you're eating more than enough food, but you're not getting enough sleep. The things just kind of fucking topple over. You know, and you can get all the sleep you want in the fucking world. But if you don't eat enough food and stay hydrated, then you're training it kind of stuff or two. So it's, um, it's to the point where all three of those things need to be in balance. And when they are, everything else improves. You know, when I'm eating in a reasonable, like a pretty consistent style timing, it makes my circadian rhythm a bit better. And all I'm even, that is just like I fall asleep at the same time. I wake up at the same time, even like right before my alarm is about to go off, because I'm like, that feels like normal to me. And then, you know, makes my meal timings easier. And it definitely makes the training easier when you get a good night's rest. I mean, trying to lift off of jack for sleep, not cool. It's just no fucking fun. And that's, that really is as simple as I can put it. And obviously it's less effective. If you're working out with that proper recovery, you're really just, what's, uh, your palinera coming back, which usually is a good thing. But in this context, you know, you're patting up, but you're not getting anywhere. So, as, uh, she was about to say, so as much as you could say, like, oh, it's just not optimal, like, subjectively, trying to have a good lift when your sleep is off and your hydration is off. And you didn't eat your meals, and it's just, it's just not as fun, you know. And that's, that's one thing that I really hold a lot of value in is, I want to set up everything outside of my training, so that when I do come to the gym, and I am ready to really push myself and exert, and everything else that I get to enjoy, because that's the fun part. If that wasn't fun, too, I probably wouldn't have been doing it for damn nearly six years straight or so. So, I like it enough to say, okay, I want to be a bit more controlled with the things and the way that I spend my time outside of the gym, so that when I am in the gym, I can spend that time extra well, and really re-ball the fucking benefits I can't from it. But it's not even just a question of, okay, this is optimal for my lift and for my muscular progress, I'm going to want you do this. Like, it really is, it just feels better. And if you feel better, you're going to go harder, if you go harder, you're going to get better results, if you get better results, you're going to feel pretty good about it, and you know, just keep spinning up from there. But that's implying that you've got a routine that's at least reasonably in tune enough, to put yourself into a state of progress. Unfortunately, there's a lot of lifters out there where you've been working after two or three years. Your main gaining rate has suddenly ceased, and then it's, you know, the same dude this year that you were last year, him and I knew, but like these guys, they do the same workouts of the same intensity with the same weights, and they expect different results. It's just not going to work. So that's why, you know, certainly not a hater of main gaining. And hit your protein goals, eat enough food that you're hungry for, and work out for probably like two years or so, even up into like three years, if you're working out hard, that's going to work, and you're going to keep growing. But eventually, you're going to reach a point where that's not enough, and you're going to have to leverage your calorie intake, change it up your cardio, really tuning in your training to make sure that you're actually stimulating growth and not just like getting a bit of a pump and then, you know, leap. So, as time progresses, you gotta be a bit smarter with it. And that's just the nature of everything, man. You know, it's sort of like the, you wouldn't say, in the verse, you'd say, exponential relationship of all sorts of shit. The faster you're going, the more resistance you're going to feel, and it's at an increasing rate. So, the more gains you get, the harder it is to make more. But on your side of things, the more gains you get, the smarter of a lift or that you are, the more experience you have, and ideally, if you're paying attention to some of these videos talking about like macros and calories and training intensity, I mean, just like videos from anybody, then you should have the knowledge based too to be able to say, okay, let's implement some changes. So, let's try some new shit. Let's do this for a couple of weeks. See what happens. And then, you know, it's simply an if-that, right? If the training that you're doing is, or if you decide to, you know, start up in your intensity, you're meant to, you're really tracking your progressive overload, you're making sure you're moving up your lift by five pounds a week, or certain rep numbers a week, then you notice some gains, keep going, right? But if you just keep doing the same shit, and then you get the exact same results that you had before, then, you know, look back, could you have made much more use out of the last six months or three months, or however long, if the answer is yes, and you've got that sort of itching the back of your mind, and really do want to walk into this. I want to get serious. Then the answer should be clear, you know, it's not for anybody else to tell you, you simply would probably feel better after, you know? But that's, you can't force it, right? You can't force somebody to go hard, and you kind of have to do it for themselves, which is kind of the, it's a cool part. But it also makes it a bit of a barrier to entry, because you have to now say, okay, nobody's going to make me do this. Nobody's forcing me to do this, I said to failure, I got to make myself do it, and it's hard. And this gym is empty, nobody's watching me, maybe I should just go easy, right? I will admit there is definitely some trickiness to it. But I don't have to explain the benefits of, I should, I don't have to explain the benefits of working out here. I think we get the just. So, playing for, playing for tomorrow, gets some kind of crazy ass arm day somewhere, not exactly sure where, but I can tell you this, much of veins will be involved. Vaines will be involved, not to what degree is to be seen, but they will most certainly be involved. So, I think it's all together. I'll see you tomorrow.

=== FILE: Fall Cut Day 5 - Legs and Cardio [7qw8IV3mp4Q].txt ===

Alright, we are in good to go. So tonight's lift is gonna be legs, legs at none other than the planet fitness because it's past six o'clock and all the other gyms that I like nearby close early on the weekend, which is not a massive fan of you know, I don't like that. Really I fucking, well, I like it, you know, unhealthy way, but I like it's 24 hour gym. But then when it's 24 hour, like I don't have an incentive to go early, so I end up like lifting it really bad hours and like my sleep schedule gets thrown off as I run. So I don't know. Wish gyms just all, wish all gyms could stay open until they get in midnight, you know, when that be nice. But make do. So seven o'clock now closes at nine more than enough time to destroy quads and hamstrings. Wringstrings first, done a hamstring curls. Honestly, it's pretty much it. You know, probably laying, seated. One thing that I will do if every machine is taken or if I don't have access is I'll take a bench up to a cable, like a cable stack, put it on like a low setting and then use that little ankle attachment. Right, that girl's are using for like glue exercises or I've been seeing this a lot guys using it. Well, okay, anybody, anybody using it for like side laterals where you strap on to wrist. Damn it, fuck it. If it makes you feel your side down more than you're on fucking track. But yeah, you can take that strap around your ankle and then do seated curls right by pulling the cable towards yourself. For a while, when I was only lifting it the home gym, like he COVID hours, you know, you get you understand the drill. There's not really much you can do for hamstrings in a home gym unless you have a dedicated fucking, you know, hamstring curl, which then you hardly have a home gym. You just have a gym that happens to be at your home. So what I would end up doing is I would just strap some elastic bands to like the corner of the rack and your single leg leg curls like that, probably not the most ideal. But better, you know, you have to make the width which you have available. So whatever, see the hamstring curl, length hamstring curl, quads, fucking, really probably just going to fucking spam like extensions. I think I might drop my volume this cut. I think I'm going to decrease the volume. Well, I'm, oh, oops. I was getting, I was turning towards the Y, and I'm like, I'm going to fucking play the fitness. You know, but I'm thinking about dropping the volume from 11 sets to 8. Because you got to think my goal for the most part is, you know, to lift as intensely as possible. Enough such that I trigger some either muscle protein synthesis in a bulking context or maintain the muscle that I've built in a diet of context. I've referenced this before. Like imagine a bell curve of the effectiveness of different amounts of volume for your single workout for a single body part. So let's say chest, like if you do zero sets, you get zero gains. Obviously it's pretty simple. If you do one set hard after you know proper warm up of course, you'll probably get a little bit of something maybe. But I don't think a monster chest can be built with, you know, one set twice a week. I think if you need more damage than that. So two little more than one, three little more than two, I'm inclined to believe. And then I think around probably like nineish, maybe, you know, nine a little more or the less. Around there is probably the sweet spot in terms of, you know, the amount of volume you do per lift for body part. Good scene of somewhere in between, probably I would say just as a wide margin. Maybe six and 13 hard sets, a lot of weight, squeeze and burn and get in pumps. Around there I think that's where you're going to trigger as much growth or muscle maintenance as possible without doing any excess fatigue. So I think I'm going to pondered lower in the volume. I'll see how it feels. But one thing maybe I'll just try to play it by ear a little bit more. Because let's say I get fully pumped at around, I don't know, eight sets. Should I keep going? I don't know, maybe not. You know, I've heard a lot of, I've heard some talk of pretty legit like, dude's way bigger than me who kind of have adopted that training style. So I'm not going to go full on Mike Mensert to set the week, but maybe I think I'll just call it once I'm fully pumped. If that's earlier than 11, but man that'll be alright. The last thing I want to do is just, you know, do the same shit I've always done. I want to try new shit, try to get new results. Now in a diet and context, I said this in the last video too. The training isn't going to really change the results that much. Right, right now, since I'm just trying to lose body fat and maintain muscle, there's no workout that I can do in a calorie deficit, which is like going to make my fucking triceps blow up. Even if I did the perfect tricep workout for the next like three months or two-ish months while I'm cutting, it's not really going to change anything because the dieting phase is just a break from the muscular progress phase, which I, you know, sort of focus on during a bulk. But if you're in a muscle maintenance and you're just like hitting your protein, eating as much food as you're hungry for, and then lifting, I mean, I did that for the first like three years, then you're good, man. You're freaking good. But, well, that was kind of a trash burn out, but that was a dude and a charger. I wish he would have drifted that corner. That would have actually been kind of cool. But let's go to the planet fitness god damn, let's get started. So the plan was hamstrings and fucking quads, but I didn't do hamstrings for like a week and a half, and then hitting them super hard last like the I'm still feeling them. So, typically I would say it's probably in your best interest not to do a muscle if it's still sore. But then again, sometimes I just do it anyway, it's because so, it's a user-based judgment. But if you think like some days, so I have usually arms after back, so let's say for whatever reason on that back day, I happen to get a ton of bicep activation. Usually I try not to do that because I use straps, and I try to keep my arms completely out of the equation. But some machines and like some angles of rows, it will, yeah, I'm just taking a second to get going, I just slammed it while I'm the car. But yeah, some back movements I just end up like really working my biceps to the point that the next day when I'm going to hit them with arms, like they're still sore. So really, you know, no point to hit a muscle if it's in a compromise state. So for me, I mean, if you're thinking about like an on the top of the rest days before I actually start legs, if you rested, when you ate your food, you know, and let's say you did push pull legs, next day, like in the three days push pull legs, and then now it's hypothetically either a rest day or a pull day. I mean, am I hitting if your chest isn't sore and you try to sit on sore, I say hit it again. Now if you need another day's rest, and then you want to hit it the next day, that's fine too. Honestly, I think if I took like one rest day a week, I'd probably still be the same size of the end now, but I don't really think I'd be much bigger. So the rest days, in my opinion, are kind of just, you know, prescribed as necessary. So let's, let's get to what we're actually doing, just quad. So I'm going to start off with single leg extensions, I mean, moderate weight, but it's really I'm just trying to fucking, you know, burn the Love out loud, shake that up! I actually know if I could two more of those. Alright, so that's five such a single leg leg extensions done. I will admit my leg day intensity is definitely a little bit less for the most part on a cut versus on a bolt. Just because I'm really trying to maintain my muscle. Obviously I'm still going to hard, so good. It's still going to go hard. I guess what I really mean is the weights lighter. So legs for me ends up being a bit more squeezing reps rather than the fucking tons of weight. Because I mean I'm just looking at anybody else, and especially when I'm not even a buck ton of food, I can tell my knees get a bit more tender on a cut. So I'm a little bit more, I guess I say careful. But plan now, I'm already feeling pretty pumped just from the single legs. I think I'm going to do as many sets of double leg extensions, supersetted into six squats. I'll do as many of those as I can until I feel like I'm fully pumped, and now it can be done. I'll add the cardio tomorrow. This is kind of a lackluster lift for you to watch. I can definitely tell you guys probably chest and chest the most arms and back are tied for second, and then you don't like legs as much to be expected. Oh, fine. Alright, couple more of these. Oh, shit. So when we'll execution tip with these CC squats is I'm not imagining pushing that way. Like in my mind, I'm not sending signals to my glutes to my quads, like push down. Really, as I'm doing it, I'm just trying to tell my quads just straight now. So I don't feel like I'm pushing the floor, and I'm just feeling like I'm trying to kick it out from underneath me, that makes sense. I think one more than we can check the quad pump. Oh, I see. Oh, I see. Alright, let's go check the quad pump. They're fucking, they're feeling pretty stiff. Alright, exposure slightly down. Let's see what kind of pump we're working with after, you know, only eight sets of leg extensions, including a little bit of a drop set, but, you know, nothing insane. Like it's not in terms of weight. I mean, those leg extensions were clearly doing some damage though. Quads are fucking, the quads are going to come in for free keys all hell, especially once I'm like really lean. You know, I'm pretty lean now, but there's way more detail to be revealed. Let's say, oh, but I mean, it's not looking bad now. Oh my god, nice. You can get some fucking veins coming out already. Let's see a little bit of a breath hole making pop out of your crazy. Oh, dude, actually holy shit. Oh, each, only crazy to come to. It's like day something with the cut, so this is bad ass. Which, nice. Well, nothing else to discuss. Let's move on to whatever end up making the rest of this video. I know it'll be a cart talk, but there may be some extras. I'm not sure, but let's get in the fucking car. Quads, get freaking pumped. As predicted though, that was not a surprise. So I will say this. It's not so hard to have a, well, for me, I would say, it's a lot harder for me to have a workout that I would say was like a bad lift when I'm, when I'm dieting. Just because, you know, the pumps aren't as, like, insane as when, you know, I'm totally full of carbs from fucking, you know, whatever source I can get my hands on. So, you know, even if I had like a sub-part pump, honestly, it's too an extent. I'm like, hey, fuck it. Sometimes the pumps there sometimes it's not. Still lifted the weights, still stimulated the muscle. And, I mean, once you start getting cut, you're going to bad pump looks pretty freaky. You still get the veins coming out and everything. Now, I'm not trying to say that as, like, so I'm not going to really go that hard. That's not what I'm trying to say. But, you know, some days, like, you're doing triceps and they're just not filling up with blood. It's quickly as usual, or maybe you're doing chest and like, you're just not getting that tight pump. That you should be, you know, that skin tight pressure towards the end of your left. You're not going to cut. You're really just trying to stimulate the muscle. And, you know, hit some weights, maintain strength. You get the idea. So, blah, blah, blah. I mean, that's what we fucking did for Guadalman. Pumped. I'll probably get back into some pressing. I am kind of chilling out on it for a little while. Because I've been sort of jumping into heavy squats. I'm not going to do that heavy when I do do them. But, like, you know, reasonable weight. I'm kind of chilling out on them just because my ad doctors have been flaring up on me. I got the, honestly, I should have done some fucking ad doctors. Now, throw them in the routine. We'll throw them into the routine. It's good for you. Very good stabilizer. That's the, that's the machine where you close your legs together. Not the one where you spread them apart. If you're doing you're using that one. I just think it's a waste of effort, man. Like, as a guy, man, it's not you want big ass hamstrings and quads. Well, I think you need a bigger butt. You know, I'm sure if you're like, if you're a fan of power lifters, then maybe you've kind of got that indoctrinated into your mind. Because I think a lot of power lifters might do some direct glue work. Just because it may transfer a little bit to some squat strength. But, you're never going to catch me doing dedicated glutes. Come on. Let's be fucking real. So, what, what else is going on? School? You know, I fucking, I'm just like, you man, I go to class. Do you want to take notes? I got to do homework, dude. I, um, I was lifting last night. Or, did I lift it in the daytime yesterday? I don't really remember. But I got a canvas notification to like finish my syllabus agreement. And it's already given me flashbacks to like, you know, I've been, I'd have a lift at like 11 and then I get a notification like, Oh, your homework is doing one hour and then I'm just like, fuck, you get the drill. You get the freaking drill. So, that'll take up a little chuck of time, chuck of effort. But I am glad that right now I'm dieting. Well, obviously you're dieting all the time as a bodybuilder if you're trying to like, you know, eat first specific performance metric. Be it strength and size gain or, you know, fat loss. But let's say, um, let me say cutting instead. I'm glad that I'm cutting during the semester just because I have more fucking free time. Like when I'm bulking, that's a considerable amount of effort and, like, pre, what's the word I'm trying to think of? Uh, pre, pre, well, it takes a lot of fucking time because you got a get food. You had to always be fucking eaten food. I'm not complaining because I do it because I want to. I want to gain some fucking muscle. But it definitely takes more effort for me to bulk up than it's us to cut down. Because for the most part, I think I'm pretty good when it comes to the, you know, mental fortitude and being able to not just scarf down, sweet, if that doesn't, you know, a line of my goals. Right now, I'm trying to fucking lose body fat dude. You're not going to catch me having like a 4,000 calorie cheat day. Unless maybe it's like a dedicated refieze for some, for some reason. Honestly, I've never really messed with refieze or anything. But, I mean, I had fucking, I didn't eat a fucking ton of food earlier today. So, I had a fucking clandag bar. 200, um, actually how many calories was it? I think it was 13 grams of fat and about 40, no, 13 grams of fat and how many grams of carbs? Fuck. I can't remember. Whatever, it was, however many calories it was, you know, that just goes into my fucking stupid simple macrotrecker where my basic diet plan is by the end of the day spread out relatively evenly. I want to hit 250 grams of protein, about 50 grams of fat, and 260 grams of carbs. Now, let's say, you know, an extra 25 grams of fat. That means I'll just try to eat a little bit less carbs or vice versa. But, uh, you, you get the idea. So, fuck man, if I just ate like, you know, sweets and, you know, my eggs and meats or whatever, as long as it still fit in those macros, I would still be losing body fat, right? To, uh, when it comes to the energy inside a food, it doesn't matter if it's a fucking glazed. Actually, my, you know, my favorite is the strawberry jelly filled donut. But it doesn't matter if it's a fucking sweet treat, or if it's some rice with olive oil, or whatever kind of whatever dressing you want. So, you get the idea. Your body's like, oh, we got some fucking carbs in the system. Oh, we got some fats in the system. Now, I'm not going to say that all of those are going to have result in the same shit. I mean, you know, clearly I'm not a massive advocate of, like, eating the most, like, conventionally healthy food that's available. But, I mean, I'm not going to, I do the only thing that I really look at for is, like, I try to eat trans fats. Like, why I see some of the trans fats in a stay away. That's, because that's like legit bad for you. But, you know, you get what I'm trying to say. If it fits your macros, you're good. You're freaking good. But, with that mentality, it's not really the most conducive with being able to stick to a diet plan. Yeah, I took the wrong turn. I'm going to do a loop around. Because let's say I were to eat a big ass breakfast waffles pancakes. Uh, was bacon, whatever. And that breakfast was 2200 calories. Hypothetically, if I only ate 300 more calories for the rest of the day, then by the end of it, I'd be at that 2500 calorie limit. And if I didn't eat anything else, then in terms of weight change, that day would still be one that would make progress because I ate less than my maintenance calories. But, for one thing, I mean, you want to, I definitely want to spread my protein out throughout the day. You don't just want to eat your whole fucking meal at once. You know, some people are into that with like the one meal a day, 25, 23 hours fast. I don't mess with that. And it learned form, done with topic. But I want to eat my protein throughout the day. And let's say I did have that big meal. It's going to be fucking harder for me to make it to the rest of the night without, you know, my stomach rumbling and want me to eat some more fucking food. So that's why I want to dieting. My food choices are extremely different than they are when I'm bulking. Because I'm trying to eat foods that are going to fill me up, but not fill me up with too many calories. Right? I mean, fucking egg white omelets with like chop spinach mixed up. I'll throw a little bit of cheese on there, but really you got to get some fat free cheese. That shit is insane. The macron, it's just fucking protein is badass. Now, the quality of the protein, I would say, is probably, it's probably arguable. So I do typically, if I eat a food where the protein is like not a complete source, like breads or, you know, if you look at a slice of bread, it says like what, 4 grams of protein. It's not a fucking complete protein. Usually, honestly, for me, the most part, I just don't even count it. I only count dedicated protein sources like animal products, meat, fish, dairy. But, you know, don't take that as a vice, you know, dude, over the fucking one. When you track calories. But, yeah, I mean, fucking lean AF, it's 97% beef, strain off all the fat, fill it up with like four servings of sweet, maybe, raise, no sugar added, barbecue sauce. And then scooping out some of that onto some keto buns that only have like two grams of carbs each, a little bit of fat as well, but he get the idea. Dude, I'm eating foods where at the end of it, I can say, well, I feel pretty fucking full, but I only knocks down, you know, 500 calories. So, I'll get into detail and do some of these little, little, little dieting, low calorie dense meals in like the, I'll do a full day of eating for the cut pretty soon. To give you guys a little bit more insight into what I'm talking about. But, I mean, fuck it, dude, until then, I'm just going to keep on doing what we're fucking doing. Oh, yeah, shit. So, today I got, I went to Best Buy, I got a fancy pants camera. I'm going to play around with that tomorrow. So, I'll see if that ends up working out. Because I tell you what I do fucking like. The fact that, I mean, I just record everything on the phone, edit it on the phone, upload it from the phone. But, you know, we're getting, you know, these videos are getting a couple of views. I'm sure some of you would appreciate a bit of a quality upgrade. And also, then I'll be a little looking at my pump checks and like four cants, so it's an 80, that's pretty badass. So, I'll play around with that tomorrow. But, if I think it ends up just being like a fucking hassle, then we'll keep it as is. But, I'm leaning towards thinking that it's going to work out pretty good. Because I can still take the files straight to the phone. Now we're talking about some behind the scenes, shit. So, keep an eye out for, well, if you just watch the next video after this one, maybe you'll be blown away by the cinematography that I bring to, oh yeah, and it's going to be a chest day. That's going to be freaky. But, yeah, if it's, so, if it ends up not being ideal for my particular situation, I'll just fuck more turn that shit. No matter what happens, though, any kind of just any sort of outside circumstance or situation, the pumps are going to keep on coming. I can freaking guarantee it. So, I will catch you next time, God damn it. I'll expose your down to a freaky level. Let's see what we're working with. So, 30 minutes to the sea to bike, I actually gave you a little bit of a demonstration. You know, there's, I mean, there's fucking nothing to see. I sit down, put it to quick start. Personally, I don't see the point in doing like intervals. Or if the cardiomychine says, like, oh, fat burning mode, that's nothing. That's just having to be more difficult for like maybe a minute and then you back off a minute. I say, just do the quick start simple mode, turn up the difficulty to something you can manage to pedal at a decent rate. And, you know, what I've always done is I do it at a difficulty, like, it's level 10 on that one. And these numbers are totally mumbo jumbo, but I do it such that it reads off as burning 10 calories a minute. So, I found that across even different sorts of brands of pedal, see the bikes. That's about right. You know, I feel like I get sweaty the same amount. And I start sweating at the same period. I guess that's dependent on temperature and how well hydrated you are, but whatever. Getting in there and doing it even if it's a little easier one day, a little harder the other day, because you use different bikes. You know, that's a problem that you guys probably don't even have. Because you don't even fucking do your cardio. But it's, I think it's about 1230 right now in a Sunday. So, I get to go home and chill. Eat some eat a couple of meals before I go to just tonight. So, let's do a little bit of an unpumped post check. I should have brought a different shirt. I can already tell this one's going to be fucking uncomfortable to put back on once it's cold. Whatever. I got damped. There we go. So, I'm going to get a scale on my way home as well. Because I've got to add my morning weight to the beginning of these videos. We can keep track. So, one thing I kind of like in terms of like being lean is I'll actually start to get some fucking ab shit going on. There's like a couple of veins creeping out up here. It's towards my belly button. I can kind of already see one right up here. Whoa. And then, it'll only get frakyer from here. It's great. A little bit of a fraky front relaxed. I should be able to hit a nasty vacuum. I haven't eaten anything today. You know, I woke up at like 11 and I drank a fucking... Somebody who was telling me it's better to take your vitamins in the fucking morning. So, that's what I did. I'm going to start taking it in the morning and get a day. Because he was saying like, be 12 messes with your sleep. So, I do it at the end of time anyway. Maybe I'll sleep better if I take it in the morning. Let's hit a fraky vacuum. Blow all the air out of your stomach and just try to just pull it in. Really, I mean apart from saying those like key phrases, it can't really be taught. You just have to do it and try it out for yourself. And that alone gets fucking frakyers the week's pass. That is badass. Now I guess I didn't do it front last bread. Same thing. Front last bread vacuum side chest. Kind of do a vacuum to slum up the waist. Honestly, just sucking your waist in all the times. They'll make you look cool. All right. Well, we already did the cart talk. I don't think we need two cart talks in one, but the video for tomorrow. Because technically, I'm recording this the day that I uploaded. It's a cardio portion because the lift was yesterday. That's usually, well, that's pretty much my routine. I record the video at night. And then when I do the 30 minutes of cardio, that's when I edit the video. So, I'm doing two birds with one stone. Now, if you're not fucking posting a workout video every day, then you've got your hands free to do whatever the fuck you want when you do cardio. You can watch a fucking movie. You can play some classroom or yeah. I know you're probably laughing when you saw that little overlay. I was pretty funny. You just sit. Like there was not that required. It's so little effort compared to an actual weight training workout that it's comical. The results you get based on, you know, how difficult it is. I guess the difficulty just comes in becoming consistent with it. So, family, that's, you're making me think that it's harder to do cardio than it is to like, rep three plates on bench based on the statistics of my non-third party double blind YouTube study from that one post. But we're done, man. So watch out for, I do want some opinions. So, I got a fucking camera and I'm going to record tonight's chest day with it. So, you tell me if it's, if it's a notable quality upgrade and if you want me to keep it or just stick with the phone. I'm still going to edit it on the phone. I can just take the files directly to it. But, you just keep an eye on it. I'll be, I'm curious. Either way, the pump is going to look fucking freaky. I think we already know that. But, I'll fucking see you next time.

=== FILE: Fat Loss Focused Grocery Trip - No Treats [TYGvflxyb70].txt ===

There we go. Yeah, finally back to the, uh, finally back to the baby grocery card camera. But I've been saying this a couple times and half the reason why there hasn't been a full-day eating or a, um, or like a grocery trip haul. She's not much to friggin' see, you know? It's like, I feel like my grocery trips are so sparse now, because if I get a couple pounds of ground beef, a few tubs of egg whites, a couple of protein shakes, not like for the majority, but, yeah, sometimes it's, uh, to help it to all. It's like, I'm actually getting groceries at the rate of a normal dude, you know? I'm not sitting here coming in for like a restock every week. Like I would when I'm trying to bulk up. So, dining down a little bit more sparse, a little bit just because I mean, think about it. If he eat less food, he got a by-less food, come to the grocery store a little bit less, you know? But step one on the agenda is a little bit of a protein restock, right? Because it's cool as it is to talk about the carb-dup effect of being really full and everything else. Nothing's going to replace the protein. That's simply a staple, bulking up or cutting down, right? If I'm trying to, you know, I don't even know. Well, just that. If I'm trying to bulk up or I'm trying to cut down, my protein intake isn't going to change much. You know, I'm still either going to be doing too well, not even either. I'm still going to be eating 250 grams of protein from dedicated protein sources. You know, be it's ground beef, eggs, chicken, sometimes canned. Little bit of sardine action. There's a, in terms of the micro-nutrient density, that's up there with like, you know, straight sort of liver supplements. The problem is they're really fatty, you know, a full tin of sardine. Even if you really kind of squeeze the fat out of it, like with a paper towel, I mean, you're still talking about like 20 grams of fat per container, which I'm eating like 70 per day. So if I even eat one little pack of sardines that puts me at damn near a third my intake, and if I do two, then I'm already halfway gone. And that's where it can start to screw you, right? Eating foods that are sneaky with the amount of different sort of macros that they have in them can sometimes start to add up. And if you're not crazy, anal about making sure that you don't overshoot either one of them, you know, once you've already started tracking everything, then, you know, before you know it, it's six o'clock at night, and you look at your little progress bar, fats over eaten by 10 grams, carbs over eaten by five grams, you know, shit. And then if you want to stick to your calorie deficit, you've got to eat nothing, it just doesn't happen, you know. So that's where with my dieting approaches, I'm always trying to make sure I'm on a rate that's conducive with whatever I'm aiming for. So if I'm trying to eat only 2,200 calories for the whole day, halfway throughout the day, I want to be at 1100 or less so that I can at least eat something before I go to bed. Because if I don't, then the odds that I'm just going to get up start snacking, grabbing whatever the hell's in the pantry, it increases exponentially. And that's even me, like I'm pretty much locked in with the diet, but if I set myself up for failure, then the likelihood of failure begins to increase, you know, and that doesn't change for anybody. But like I said, let's, uh, let's go find some protein. Primarily, stakes first, I'm thinking, actually, I've got a little bit of a detour added. For a second, I thought I was headed straight to the red meat, but no, I think let's get some, let's get some lunch meat in here. Now the quality of the lunch meat, you know, turkey, you whatever, it's, it's to be debated. Obviously, it's not the same as something straight off the bone, like if you get a big, like full-on Costco turkey breast, where it's like five pounds of straight bird vacuum sealed. But I don't mind some of the, some of the deli turkey, and historically, it hasn't minded me either. So it's, uh, it's always been a little bit of staple in my diving phases to hit a low calorie turkey sandwich every now and again, ingredients primarily being, which I guess we'll see in a minute, low carb bread, some kind of lean turkey meat. That's it's about right. In certain, the terrible studies about the nitrates of a deli of a deli turkey, it's a works fine for me. But either way, two packs of those will be a good start. Let's grab a low carb bun to match them. And that should have been right over here. This whole store has kind of been reworked. I don't, I don't know where half this stuff isn't anymore, so give me a minute to find it. All right, bread location, I've got no idea what I'm looking for. So I guess that'll be next up. So until then, small pit stop by the beef. So what I'm really aiming for is top rounds. Big cut lean, which I guess that's really all I'm looking for. Big cut and lean. So, top round bonus. Perfect. Powder so each, suv style, exactly what I'm looking for. So let's keep looking. And only a few steps ahead of that. Ground beef. I've historically, I've cooked about one pack of these at a time. Even half the pound saved the other half in like a little tougher wear. But then it's every time you eat it, you're like in between every meal. Like I eat ground beef twice and then I got to cook it again. So I've streamlined that process, taking a little bit of a note from the, ooh. So a little anecdote here. All right, what are we looking at there? You know, you tell me, 92% whereas right here, 96% lean. So this is what I really want. And of course, once you strain these, most of that fat is going to come off anyway. So it's not like you're really screwed either way, but it does help for this stuff to be leaner in the beginning. Because then it's, you know, it's saving me from really having to pour off like bulls that a time. But that was one, two, three, four. Five pounds. I've just been thrown that into a big pot. Low, little bit of a stir every couple of minutes. And before you know, the whole thing's browned over. In terms of the fat straining process, be careful because it's kind of freaking when you're holding like five pounds of ground beef and a pot. Squishing it up against the lid of even like the small as a gap over a bowl just inverting the whole thing. I mean, I've had a couple of times where I've totally just spilled it completely. I don't even like to think about it, right? Knock on grocery cart. But let's, let's move on just one more notch to another little treat. I can't help myself with grab. I got a big craft single. And it's, I mean, I'm only getting one. So that shows you a little bit about how frequently I'm eating these. But it's just kind of just sort of adds a little something extra to everything. You know, if I get a whole tub of our whole bowl of like egg whites, if I melt a little slice of this cheese in there, it just tastes a little better. Same thing with the ground beef, same thing with sometimes on a turkey sandwich is just like a little boost and in terms of calories, you know, it's not adding too much. Each slice of these, three grams of fat, one and a half grams of carbs and it says three grams of protein. Usually I count it because, you know, even though you think all it's so processed, it still is a dairy product. It's not like that protein got completely destroyed in the process of going from milk to this craft single. But, I mean, well, let's just take a look here. I mean, first ingredient cheddar cheese. It's probably not your best protein. All right, but it's still protein on the less, and it will be tracked in my daily caloric values. So that's actually almost it for the protein. I got one more stop, and I think you could probably guess what it's going to be. So if you guessed egg whites, you win. You were freaking correct. And for the longest time, for whatever reason, I thought it was better to sit in individually separate every egg yolk from every egg white. Like, something about in my mind that made sense to me. Totally stupid. Your waist and egg yolks, your waist and time, your causing a mess, it's just foolish. So instead, I end up getting a bunch of the individually contained egg white tubs. And these come in 10s or no, 20 serving sizes. So you could get a really big tub that has 100 grams of protein worth of egg whites. But unlike the ground beef, I'm not so prone to meal prep to be egg whites. There's just really no benefit because, I mean, eggs in the fridge for a while and doesn't really sound right. So by getting just one of these tubs at once, in your flip-around, and you look at these nutrition facts, which everybody should be getting extremely used to and involved with on the regular. Then you'll notice 10 servings of container, 5 grams of protein per serving. I got 50 grams of quality protein right here. You know, a little bit lacking in the micro-duty micro-nutrient department because it's just straight up protein. But it certainly fills that criteria. So now I got a full card of every protein source. I'm really looking into. So now I got a couple of that with basically just all the sides. Because every meal has one thing in common and that's the protein part of it. Some of them are only dedicated protein meals. Tonight, when I go home, actually, I should probably grab an extra one of these egg white tubs because I'm just going to have some of this immediately once I unpack all this stuff. And that'll be it. You know, I might put some like some low sugar barbecue sauce on it. I'm not such a huge fan of just the straight salt and pepper on the egg whites. It just doesn't really do it for me. And then, you know, I might seem a little weird. But I'll throw freaking anything in the egg whites. It's just a blank slate. So I'll do teriyaki sauce, I'll throw like mustard on it there. It's just, you know, it sounds a little bit funky, a little bit fucking weird. But if you want to get extra lean and basically look freaky, you have to do some freaky shit. I've been on record saying that a couple of times already. But eggs, ground beef, steak, turkey, cheese. Yeah. Let's track down some of that low-car bread next. I've actually changed my mind. I've only been really doing the low-car bread. So now I think I want to go a little bit more. Well, I don't know what I was going to say. But get some of the low-car tortillas and the benefit of these, same thing. Right. And this is what I'm looking for when it comes to any like low-carb. If you ever look at something, you see like a keto bread, keto flour. It's not like inherently just zero calories. Nothing is. You know, you'd be eating some kind of weird synthetic like something to get food, to get something that's like food with no calories. Just doesn't work. But what you can do is you can manipulate the fiber. So underneath of every carbohydrate value, which right there, it says 19 grams is a separate value, which says dietary fiber. And this specifically, the insoluble portion is what I'm looking for. So 19 grams of total carbohydrates. That's 80 calories of carbs in each one of these. That's a lot. For me to have three of these is going to put me at 60 grams of carbs. That's like almost a protein half for my entire day. It's just not going to work. So that dietary fiber, which it doesn't say here, but is insoluble. That doesn't count. Like if it counts barely, like 0.1%. Because the whole point of the dietary fiber is, it's just, it's the word. It's like glucose chains or whatever. But it's like how you can't eat hay. Your stomach isn't processed or isn't built to be able to process that down. That's the same thing with dietary fiber. Like sure, it's made up of the actual components of what carbs are, but you can't actually get the energy from them. So even though it's 19 grams of carbs, total are really, I'm only getting those two, which usually I kind of round up to three or so just to be safe. But at two grams of carbs each, three and a half grams of fat and six of protein, which I usually just count because it's still calories. This is a much better alternative. So the point where I think I'll get three of these, but it's going to look nice. All right, I'm actually glad I waited to do this grocery trip because I really had to restock everything. So this is, I mean, this is what I'm eating right now in this diet. So what I'm looking for in the condiment aisle is a few staples. So a little bit more of the complicated side, but I guess since this right here, let's jump into it. Light mayonnaise. This, I wouldn't say has been a life saver, but it's definitely a creature comfort. So 35 grams, which, oh no, 15 grams. So a teaspoon, you could say a dollop, three and a half grams of fats. A negligible protein, zero, one gram of carb, which you still have to count. That does not just disappear because it was only one gram. And, you know, for me to put one serving this onto the turkey sandwich, it's certainly adds to my fucking enjoyment of it, and it only costs me three and a half grams of fat. So, topping number one obtained. Secondly, I'm going to look for some ketchup, and that's a little bit more so for the ground beef, but I'm not only looking for any damn ketchup on the shelf. Yeah, this is the kicker right there. No sugar added. And that's not zero sugar, and maybe I should be looking for a zero sugar, but this is, I don't know, I guess I'm just a hinds fan or something, but every 16 grams, zero fat, zero protein, one gram of carb. So for me, you know, if I get a bowl of ground beef, it's not always the most appetizing thing in the world. A couple of squirts of the low calorie ketchup weighed out, of course. And when I say weighed out, I mean, I just put my bowl of ground beef onto a scale, zero it out, and then add ketchup as desired, and the scale will read how many grams. So, you know, if I do a big squirt onto it, 32 grams, the scale reads, then that tells me, I actually have a view tell me, right? I had 32 grams of ketchup. How many calories is that? Zero carbs? I don't know, zero fat, zero protein, one gram of carbs per 16 grams. That's two grams of carbs right there, which I know it seems silly, because for you to even like, you won't even notice if somebody slips a gram of carbs into your pocket. Like it seems like nothing, but throughout the day, it adds up, and it's right here. Like it's in these little sneaky parts, the sauces and the condiments and everything else, things you won't really think about. Like you could have a bowl full of chicken breast and rice, and you're like, yeah, I'm doubting down right now, I'm going hard, I mean, chicken and rice. But then, let's say you do a big ass squirt of mayo chup. Whatever that hell this is. So, let's say you do 60 grams of mayo chup. Doesn't seem like that much, it feels like a normal amount of sauce, but, you know, 58 grams, right? What's that going to add up to? The M.30 grams of fats, eight of carbs. That's 300 calories, just of sauce. I'm having meals right now that are 300 calories total, which would come from just a little, like, thoughtless amounts of little things like this. So, as like, you know, aim-lin-like OCD about it, as it seems, it really is important to track all this stuff, you know? I feel like you, like if you want to get into it, you almost have to go all the way, because if you don't, then you're not actually getting reap the benefits, right? Like, if you get the macro tracker and you've got a food scale and you're you're, you know, you're half tracking, you're only going to get half the results. And with the dieting, it's, it just doesn't work like that. You know, if you diet half as hard as you should, you're not going to get as lean as you should, or half as lean as you want to be, you're just not going to be getting lean, because it's, uh, oh, man. It's almost as like you're in a class where the minimum grade requirement is a 90. You can't get a freaking 80, you can't do it 70% of the time, then the other 30% of the time you got a slack off, like you got to be on this shit. And I know it sucks, like I'm not trying to say that counting all these calories or easing and everything else, but if you can start to do it for long enough, and by long enough, I only mean weeks, then you should start to see noticeable results. And once you see those, then you have validation, oh shit, what I've been doing is been working. I'm down three pounds in the last three weeks, and I've been tracking on my calories. God, damn it, Sam was freaking right. Maybe I should start doing my cardio as well, you know, something along those lines. Your results may vary, of course, but that's on a main event for. So low fat mannays, low sugar, catch up. The nice thing about the mustard is it's starting to feel calories. It's freaking nothing in here, but some vinegar and a ground up mustard seed. But one more thing I'm looking in here for, primarily for the turkey sandwich aspect of things, is some relish. Or some pickle, don't know, let's just go take a look. So I'm sure you can kind of imagine what some of these meals already look like. Maybe some eggs with some toasted tortillas on the side, ground beef with some ketchup mustard, mayonnaise, and relish all makes together. And then if I put that onto one of those tortillas, I basically have sort of like a rolled-up burger. It's not the same, but it's pretty damn close. There's no pickles in here. Well, let me go find some damn pickles and then we can cut to whatever I look for next. I guess that's actually yet. I don't really mean anything else. And Norch should I. Frankly, I'm, oh well, I actually is that true. Sometimes instead of like, you know, some kind of random energy drink in the morning, I don't mind using a, using like a cold brew concentrate, with like some just stevia kind of sweetener and kind of starting off with a coffee instead. It's actually like grab some of that, some concentration, two grams of carbs, the damn. So any of this like just legit zero, three, uh, cheese. What about us guy? Yeah, well. Yeah, actually this is about right. Let me start with this. Eight. Yeah, it's about right. Yeah. Just gonna go to random cold brew, sort of thing. But that's just for a little bit of a morning routine. I mean, if I, if I only want to stick to caffeine, I just grab a caffeine capsule. I like the like the vitamin cap, cabinet, but it's sometimes just kind of nice and drink something like that sort of gets me extra excited about the but that's it, man. Grand beef, steak, eggs, little bit of cheese, but just kind of for kicks, really. And then some of those low carb, uh, low carb tortillas in the turkey. It wasn't kidding, man. You know, no cinnamon toast crunch, no, uh, no crispy cream, which I didn't even run into any today. Honestly, probably a good thing. Okay, actually, I lied. One more little stop here just because I'm right there. I do not mind the can chicken. Every time I say that I get can chicken, some of you guys dog on me, it's already cooked. It's moist. And it's 50 grams of protein per container. That's exactly what I want. So, actually, I'm gonna get a couple of these tints. And if you're really smart about it, you don't even get a bowl. All you do is crack the top, drain it at a condiment. That's desired into the can of itself. At the end of it, you throw the whole thing away. So, I guess I lied. The ground beef, lean steak, some deli turkey, some can chicken, some low carb tortillas, whole bunch of egg whites, low sugar, ketchup, low fat mayonnaise, mustard, and then a little cold brew, constant trait, just for a little cold cup of Joe in the friggin morning before cardio. Which cardio has taken a bump. I'm, uh, I'm gonna step it up, man, get that, get really locks in for this last portion. And what I mean by that is now I gotta get extra lean. So, cardio is no longer 30 minutes, so just sitting down on the, uh, on the bike. I want to add a little more. I need an extended period of time that I'm gonna be elevating my heart rate. And if I do an hour cardio, it's just too much. And by an hour cardio, I mean, an hour on the bike. Uh, geez. Crispy cream spotted right ahead of me. I don't even want to look at it. Let's turn down the soil. But for me to do an hour on the bike, it just ends up thrashing my, my quads. It's like, any shit. The pickles I want to. Okay, well, let's pause that train of thought here and grab some pickle chips. Oh yeah, there we go. Dill, perfect. So that's the last item. Some pickles for you sandwiches. Uh, but yeah, so an hour on the bike, it just doesn't really compute for me. It's like I'm just working my legs too much. And that's an argument I've seen against the cardio bike is it's all quads, which it is. And for 30 minutes, it's not so bad. But break and pass that 30 minute mark. It starts, I start to feel it. You know, so instead, I'm doing 30 minutes on the bike followed by 30 minutes on the treadmill. And the treadmill, that's the easy part. Honestly, the treadmill is kind of chill. Like all I'm doing in the treadmill is fucking sitting around and having a little walk playing on my phone or watching yellowstone, which I'm damn near almost finished with, which I'm not sure what I should watch next because they kind of set the bar pretty high. I like that chill. But the 30 minutes on the treadmill, three miles an hour, mild, incline, nothing wild. And I just remember something else I'm going to get to. So now, I'm headed over there. But that's the cardio routine. And then calorie wise, I'm floating at 250 grams of carbs. No, no, 250 grams of protein, 70 ish of fats and about, I think I've been at about 150 grams of carbs. But I'm going to start to have to drop that down. And while I'm here, which I just discovered the bread aisle, which used to be the diet soda, let's grab a loaf of loaf of bread. And we got one more little point to compare the two. But that's the plan. So calorie is going to drop the carbs a little bit, probably closer to maybe even a hundred range, you know, see what happens. Believe the fats that maybe, I'm like trim the fats down a little too, one like 60. And the protein is going to stay right where it is. But one more thing, just because I like them. And I wouldn't recommend you eat a ton of these so they can kind of mess with your stomach, it's such. But some carbs, smart buns as well. So look at these numbers here. Per bun. So 21 grams of carbs, but 18 grams of fiber. So really three grams of carbs. So I'm looking at per bun. One and a half grams of fat. Three. Three grams of carbs. Six grams of protein. That's good. I like that. The value per bun is within reason that's going in the cart. Now if I had to reach around to any other normal version, let's grab just this random ballpark burger buns. Look at these numbers. Not so good. Honestly, the fats, whoa, two grams of fat. That's actually less. All right, four grams of protein. That's actually less. Okay. Maybe I should get this one out. Yeah. What is that last number? Say right there, huh? 28 grams of carbs. What do I get to eat? Two of these per day? That's just not going to work. So that is not being thrown in the cart. Why is that carbs, smart version is? And taste-wise, honestly, not the biggest difference in the freaking world. Now my next stop would be to the diet, soda aisle, to get a couple of two liters of whatever. But I've already got like six two liters of diet sprites in my cupboard. So I'm kind of stocked there. I'm going to run through my own supply first before I start branching out to anything else. But that's it. Protein, heavy, carb and fats depleted slowly combined with consistent cardio. Before you know, you're going to have a name six pack. Like it's 2006 again. David, back when you were the lineman, or back when you were that receiver. I guess they're a receiver would be more likely to be diced. But either way, that's all I got man. And even just sitting here because I came here straight from legs. I'm fucking hungry. So I better I better not pass by any treat to my way to check out. So I will keep you updated. Of course, with how this dieting phase goes. Two thirty to be broken. It's going to take a couple of weeks. But that's kind of the plan there. So I'll see you then.

=== FILE: Last Arm Day in Vegas [c1busBCUiEE].txt ===

Yeah, that's coming to pick us up. We're headed to do a we're headed to an arm day We got three goals for this excursion. I Want to find a Las Vegas hoodie a Tank top and then go get an arm pump So that should be done in that order so that's a That's way for one of these elevators to show up and then Fight some shit There it is. That's what we're looking for Check this shit out I don't know if we need this specifically What up, um, there's even one for you to fill up Do you get your What's cool over here? It's a little small man. I mean you're about to start bulking up. I'd go for the seven That's a three Nice Go one hand two done go one and two done. Thank you But he's got chest. I got arms so Yeah, Mark got some Smith I got some rope Not the full stack, but close. I need to go too crazy Is honestly a lightish rope set is a good working set That also serves as a really good warm-up like I I guess bulking up is a little different you almost feel a little more like bulletproofed and ready to get into it But I feel so much better doing a light squeezing movement first for tries and then doing something a bit more tension heavy It'll have to focus, but make it shit happen You Yeah Oh, we got you. I'm actually up to go a little lighter, 82 in a set of 87. But one more of those. I think I'll do two of everything. Two sets of this, then move on to a different handler. Maybe I did machine if there's one here. Some shit like that. Joa .. I Didn't want it. armed Oh yeah okay Oh, all right. The next set will be heavier, but I'm not sure exactly what it'll be. Yeah, let me think about it. Any different? Let's just make this a straight bar set, a little more rapid. Right, Feve, heavy set, I want to do a light one. And forever, slow, squeezing one. I don't even maybe a quicker, pumpers sort of one. But this will be a little heavier, little quicker, and hopefully, I know I'm going to be more pumped at the end of it. But you're more of these. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One more, though, set. Yeah. Yeah. You. You. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. It's for channels, but do the same shit here overhead bent over, though. Yeah. Yeah. With the overhead stuff, I like when this is a little more bent. I don't like overhead with a straight bar, kind of wrenches my wrists. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One more, though, set. And try, sir. Nearly done. Maybe just one more, something, a rather. And that would be good. Very stretch focus with these. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. This will be it for tries. Five reps on one. Five and the other. Five and the other. And actually even thirty two pounds is a little too heavy, all the through twenty seven and a half. So the point of these, that's more of public try, steps up as much as possible. These five reps on one side. Five on the other alternating style sets. Because it's like you're doing a rest pause, but it doesn't stop. So the five reps that I do this side is rest for the other. And then vice versa. So instead of going from like fresh to. To teams in one smooth motion. It's like five reps, make me more fatigued. I get five reps or rest. Five reps with teag. Rest with teag. It's just different. Like I'm not going to say I'm suddenly hitting my my a nuclear fibers in a fast twitching. It's just different. I feel more pumped and fatigue at the end of it. And for the most part, that's like 90% of what I'm aiming for in terms of my explanation, right? If somebody's doing something and it's working, you target the muscle, you're feeling it afterwards. And you're getting more pumped. On top of that, it should probably work. You know, is that a hundred percent the most optimal thing in the world? I think movement is as optimal as intense as you make it, right? You can do a perfect set of preachers with awesome form. But if you push it to 60%, it's a team and it's jack. So I think the effort should come before the, Yeah, you can go and I'm saying let me hit the ship. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was solid. Let's, uh, Let's get some classic curls. Started as moving number one. Let's do the 50s in a similar style as the single one pushed out. But really just rest. So 10 reps, racket. Shake round a few seconds. Do another, that's money is possible. Set it down for a second. Shake him out. And then do one more finisher. finisher. So kind of a double rest-pause. And again, I mean, there's got to be some kind of explanation as to like, it's inherent value in terms of its stimulus. But, I mean, for my perspective, it's okay, this is hard. This is going to wreck my biceps in a good way. Let's do it. If I get my rocky four-centric song plan, there we go. And these week quick, not super slow. Oh my god. Yeah, that was good. I think one more just like that. And obviously, intensity-wise, that's more than normal. I'm going to have cut in my biceps volume down a touch if the sets are a little closer to that level. But, I just breathe in, run it back. I think this would be a single rest-pause. Let's do something. I don't think about it. This is a good machine. Hight number six is my sweet spot. Let's just make this a heavy one. Honestly, after those two sets of kind of the super, I don't know what I'm saying. The rest-pause by style. And then for one of the reasons I buy a zither is feeling they're cooking extra quick. Maybe, because we're kind of walking around a lot last night after we did the whole like, watch the power slap thing and talk to everybody. One of my biceps are feeling more fatigue. Well, either way, their closer to fully pumped than triceps were two sets in. So, not need to overcook them. But, let's make these set hard. Wester fully pumped. That's all I'm aiming for. We're fine some lighting and pose down. I do a couple sets of lateral raises to just first shoulder. Oh my gosh. Oh yeah. Oh my gosh. Okay. Yeah. I think that's good. Let's go find some lighting. I guess that's not true. I had my position before just, you know, only like twice. I did a pump and set of side laterals. That was all. Let's see how arms are looking. Morning weight unknown. Frankly, because I'm going to scale with me in a very travel. But, yeah, the only tank state we could find it that little at the bananas, the world's largest gift shop or whatever. There were mediums or no. Now, this is a large but yeah, large is a little tight on me now. But these are fun. I'll try to remember. Let's see how a couple of these classic ones are looking. I'm trying to smudge my arm up against myself and like make it look extra big. Oh, you're happy. I'm sure I'm going to wake up five pounds later. Two mornings from now, because tomorrow we're going to be flying back into a whole time delay sort of thing. So I think that's going to be a rest day kind of replant already just because legs after like eight sort of cumulative hours of like travel. I think it'll just be better to end up doing that the day afterwards. No, cardio is warm morning. That's happened no matter what, but yeah, I think rest days you have a place. No, I'm not anti-rest day. But alright, arms done pump to ship. I smell like smoke kind of chemically because these shirts are unwashed. But either way, let's get out of here. Let's go eat something and jump to whatever the hell with your next.

=== FILE: Step By Step Egg Whites - Short Full Day of Eating [qR61Y9mQo14].txt ===

There we go. All right, the time is now 913. This is meal number one. Excluding the energy drink and the black coffee with a bunch of sweeteners that I had before the cardio. Obviously, negative calories. But one little carton of egg whites, straight into a little pot, a pretty substantial handful of just kind of chopped salad mix, thrown in low heat. Give it a stir every once in a while. Way out, 56 grams of fat-free mozzarella cheese. Pour that into this bowl, wait for the eggs to get almost fully cooked, add the cheese, melt everything together. Pour it all back in the bowl, and then weigh out two servings of low sugar barbecues. 64 grams, 8 grams of carbs total. So that puts this meal at 66 grams of protein because 50 from the eggs, 60 from that fat-free mozzarella cheese. Because it's more of a weight-isolate kind of concoction where they peel off the fats in the carbs. And that's what they leave to kind of leave the cheesy body of it. We know actually, for the added amount of the barbecues, that's carbs. There we go. Okay, so 334 calories. And this is going to be pretty filling. I got a way to cool down a touch because I don't want to burn my tongue. Then the few meals that I do get to eat, I want to be able to freaking enjoy. But I'm feeding it for this right now. I am hungry. Because after an hour cardio and a trip to court had a court day today, not judicial, I had my first feeding ticket. And I couldn't figure out how to pay it online. So I actually had to show up. But I'm ready to eat this along with a liter of water with one electrolyte tub mixed in. So I'll make this a little quicker. Usually every time I do a full-avening, I sit here and talk for like 20 minutes. Well, just do a quick few minutes for each meal. But this is going to be a perfect breakfast. This will be rather filling. And then I'm going to try my best not to come back to the pantry until it's time for the next meal around probably new niche, maybe even way to one. And then have something probably very similar to this. But at this rate, at 330 calorie meal, which is going to make me feel pretty full. This is what I like to see. So I'll see you for me on number two. Okay, some time has passed. Maybe not as much as I would have liked. But I could tell I was getting a little hungry for something. So this is six point like three-ish ounces of ground turkey. I'm going to hold a big bowl of like what was at one to five pounds of ground turkey. Strange. Cook just ready to scoop out meat mixed with, I don't know, how much broccoli a pretty substantial amount. Like there's more broccoli in here than there is turkey for sure. And I'm going to count the broccoli is about 10 or so grams of carbs. Because it definitely has some caloric value. Like just because it's a vegetable, you can't just write that off as nothing. Some all count that as just about 10-ish, I think. And that's kind of just by eye. But it's going to be tricky to overdo it with the vegetables in terms of my carb intake. And then some salt, minute and a half in the microwave. And this broccoli was already pre-steemed. I just made a bunch of batch head the same thing, sitting in like a pre-prept, little 10 in the fridge. And then another 64 grams of the low sugar barbecue sauce. So another 18 grams of carbs. So for the day, that is going to put me at what once this meal is eaten. 106 grams of protein. Two grams of fat, very minimal in the fat intake so far. What is a good thing for me? Honestly, the lower these bars are as the day progresses, the easier it's going to be for me to actually stick to my numbers. And then 31 grams of fat. So if you look in this distribution, if it'll, you see, that's pretty good. So I woke up at 5. Now I'm going to 6 when I'm talking about, I'm going to go to bed around 9. So if it's about new niche now, then that puts me at about, what maybe. 40% of the day done, almost halfway, not halfway. But like a little less. So I've got about 2,000ish calories to work with. And for it being 1130 right now, after I've eaten this to be at 560 calories consumed, that's pretty good. Because that still leaves me about 1,500 for the rest of the day. Where I get myself in trouble is if I have a big breakfast or just like, you know, whatever, and it's noon or it's 1 o'clock or whatever. And I've already eaten like 1,500 calories out of my, a lot of, let's just say 2,000. I don't know what the exact number is. I'm kind of just hitting these like carb fat protein values. But if I'm already at like 80% of my calories eaten, and it's, you know, only 4 o'clock in the afternoon, what is the likelihood that I'm just going to, you know, force myself to go to bed hungry. And I guess if you get that dog in you, then yeah, deal with it. But that's where I think 90% of cheating on people's diets actually happens. It's not midday. He don't just have a lunch splurge where you decide to screw it. I'm done. Let's just eat 4,000 calories right now. It's like later in night. Okay, it's 6 o'clock. It's eight o'clock. I've already eaten all my food for the day. Like the dude's stomach is starts growling. Uh-huh. You know, I got a couple of protein bars in the pantry. Maybe I'll just have some of those. You know, each two of them. All right. Well, you know, maybe maybe I'll just have like some frozen blueberries or something. Or just like just anything. And then if you catch yourself eating something out of the pantry without sitting down, you immediately eat it through the wrapper away and you grab something again. You're in the danger zone, right? You're in the red. Whether you're just going to keep grubbing and overshoot your calorie, you know, limit for the day. It's pretty high. So I'm trying my best to avoid getting into that position at all by trying to leave some calories for later at night. Because if it's 9 o'clock and I get to have a big bowl of like ground beef, broccoli, fat free cheese all mixed together kind of in like just like a melty sort of way or whatever. With some sugar free barbecue sauce on top. I mean, that's going to be a pretty filling meal. And I'll be able to go to bed saying, oh, I'm not even that hungry. Awesome. But if the last meal of the day ends up being like, okay, I've got room for four ounces of ground beef and like, you know, one cup of broccoli. Not awesome. You know, so I'm kind of orienting my whole day's intake into making sure that the last meal of the day pretty close to when I go to bed is big enough that I can feel full and say, okay, I'm tired. I just want to go to bed and I don't have to even have the thought of like, oh man, I'm hungry. Oh, I should get up and eat something. Like to prevent that situation from even happening, I think is the real trick. At least for me, you know, if you don't mind like basically eating nothing all day, then I guess dieting is easy for you. But for me, it's a little trickier. So I'm going to sit here, grub on this and then I've got a lift and probably yeah, probably go in like two hours or something for back. So you just have to see it in and I'm not a, does it, does it, does it can? There's a full day of eating. If all I do is talk about the food and I don't just sit here and do like a full on muck bang. That's maybe how about we save the muck bang video for day one of the next bulk and we'll just make it a, we'll make it three hours long if just no commentary eating. But either way, let's move on to what I would imagine to be the postwork out meal later. Okay, some substantial time has passed. Weighted probably two hours, ish after that most recent meal went did back, didn't know our cardio, came back. And then now I present you with this. Eight ounces of ground turkey, 99% lean, 40 grams of fat-free mozzarella cheese, 90 grams of the low sugar barbecue sauce, which adds up to 12 grams of carbs. And then seven grams of carbs worth of broccoli and cauliflower, microwave together in a like a little instant steam bag. So a little bit of a theme, but it really just freaking works, you know. Like I've got, I've got a bunch of like the like the low carb like keto friendly like protein bars and stuff sitting in the in the in the pantry door or like some of like some of the protein cookies and stuff, you know, 14 grams of fat, 10 grams of carbs, 20 grams of protein. And like as a treat, those are nice because they you can really balance them in. Like I haven't really had that many fats today so far. Literally eight grams of fat. I get a pretty hefty meal after this. And actually another one. So I've got room for a little kind of like a treat like that. But most of these meals, this is really just kind of what fills me up, but doesn't take a whole lot of calories, you know. So this is about 60 grams of protein, 20 of carbs and then like five of fats or like three of fats, like a tiny, little bit of the lipids or whatever. And this is going to fill me up pretty well. To the point where I don't really feel like I'm going to need to eat something for probably another hour and a half or something. So I actually get a really big postwork on meal, which is exactly what I'm aiming for. Now all of this could be meal prepped together. Like I mean, I basically prepped the turkey here and cooked five pounds of once leave it in a separate way. The broccoli could do the same. Sometimes I'll make a couple of those bags and then leave them in the fridge. But if I'm going to reheat it anyway, I may as well just leave the individual freezer bags in the freezer and then make them kind of on demand like this. But you know, I'm hitting my protein goal because I need reasonable sources of protein that are lean. I'm talking egg whites, lean steaks, lean ground beef, lean ground turkey, egg whites. These are basically my bread and butter of my protein sources. I mean, I'll throw in a, there's just not a huge place for any protein shakes in a dieting phase like this, like a deficit dieting phase. Unless I just don't have anything else around and it's like all I got to eat because it's not very filling. Like the amount of fullness I'm going to get from the 60 grams of protein from this bowl of turkey compared to even like a 100 gram of protein shake. It's like this. I mean, the shake is going to feel like nothing. It's going to feel like I just drink something, you know? So eating just plain basic foods, spice them up a little bit with a fat free calorie, calorie smart options. It really just ends up working. And then I'm extra spoiled because I get to be around the kitchen pretty much like throughout the entire day. Like I've got access. So I don't have to really prep any of this and save it for later. But if I did, then all I would do is like sit and then make basically this times five times six times ten or whatever, leave them in Tupperware and just leave those in the fridge. And if I know I'm going to be gone for like more than three hours from like a source of food that is like diet friendly, then I want to bring those along. But as a postwork out meal, I can already tell my freaking mouth is watering for this. So I'm going to show it here. Delete this is now to slow as possible, but I'm going to try not to starve it down just so I get to enjoy it for a little bit longer. And then what are the next meal ends up being? It's going to have a little treating vault. You're like a protein Oreo cookie or something or I don't know because I've got a lot of room. Like a look at the macro tracker. 1,068 calories consumed and I've got like 30 grams of carbs, 30 grams of fat in 60 grams of protein left. There's a lot that I can do with that. So I'm going to say here enjoy this and then I catch you for whatever meal number four ends up being in the day. So this is it. And I'm not going to eat all of this at once. This bowl of 150 grams of frozen mixed berries with three packs or three containers of sugar-free jello. This is going back in the freezer. I'm going to save this for a little bit from now as sort of my dessert of the day. Net total 15 grams of carbs. So I guess you can say this is the last real meal. Literally just a repeat of before with a carton of egg whites, 50 grams of protein worth, three servings of fat-free mozzarella cheese, melt it all together with some chopped salad, vegetables and whatnot with two servings of low sugar barbecue sauce as a bit of a toper. So this combined with a little like a low carb kind of protein bar. Again, this is more so just as a snack because I like it and the macros fit well. I'm even forth from the day. And then my vitamins. I've been a I've been getting real fancy with it. I actually pack in these like you know two weeks in advance. So I don't have to sit there dilly dilling at the vitamin cabinet every night. So all of that combined including five slices of keto white bread toast, totaling five grams of fat in 10 grams of carbs each, puts me cumulatively at 128 grams of carbs, 25 grams of fat, and 280 grams of protein, and 1857 calories for the whole day. Now that might sound a little low and it definitely is but I've kind of just been ramping it down. I mean the first month is dieting phase. I was doing like 3500 and then getting into that second month or the second uh or I guess he's like the fifth week, the sixth week or so. I was like you know, 2800 and then dipped it down to 23 and then sort of I've been floating around 22, 2100 or so. But I can tell I'm kind of getting plateaued around that 233, 234 mark. So combined with avocado, what else is there to change? I'm not going to sit and do five hours cardio. So decreasing the calorie intake is going to widen this disparity of calories burned and calories consumed. So all this together with an unbuttered set of toast for this eggs, which will pair pretty nicely, especially with the cheese and the barbecue sauce. That's it. So this is kind of where I'm aiming at. Little low in the fats with 25 grams, but that's really just because the carbs went over. I was really aiming for 100 grams of carbs. But yeah man, now the ton of food and very plain meals. Not really much room for any sort of treats, but that's just the nature of it. Right? If you want to get a little bit leaner, you're going to have to sacrifice no treats. But if you do a hard core dieting phase, certainly so reasonable dieting phase for a period, then guess what's over the horizon? Bulk summer 2025 is going to be treats galore. So I can wait for those later, and I can save my appetite with just all these kind of more plain, simple filling meals for now. These will continue to tie me over. But little inside into the dieting, what not? So I'm going to finish this. Oh man, I was better say it, and then watch another episode of Squid Game. No idea why the only made seven episodes for that season, but what do you want to do? So either way after this, I'm going straight to bed. Well, I'm going to play my phone for a minute, finish those berries, and then I'm going to bed. And then I'll see you for a freaky arm day tomorrow.

=== FILE: Vegas Vlog - In N Out and IHOP [8fZaGQG6-N8].txt ===

Oh, it's wrong. Yeah, we made it. A little bit of a lengthy day of travel, but when you get a DM from power slap, right? And I was gonna say if you want to come watch, which, uh, I don't know which one this is. This is power slap six. I don't know. It's like fresh. Plus, trip to Vegas, but it's fucking nuts. So we just landed rental car acquired, and then this is, uh, this is the first stop pre-hotel I gotta get soon. You gotta get some pre-in in and out. Luckily enough, you can order it, uh, what do they call it? That's a wrap. Uh, I don't know, let us, let us wrap. We're both actually, are you dining right now? Yeah, I love it. Well, I'm deep into it. I'm trying, uh, I was feeding them for snacks the whole time we were sitting at the plane. It was like five or so hours. I had a couple of marks, pretzels, and like a little Oreo cookie that the, uh, like, Stewart is what's hanging out. And like, that was probably the hungry set of her been on the plane. Usually I get a bunch of like beef jerky or whatever, but so far I'm at 2300 calories. So, you know, I want to eat another 150 grams protein in me for today. That's actually gonna put me over the cusp into about two, eight. But that's okay. Because actually today is gonna, I think we're gonna make today a little bit of a two-day type action. Because I did back earlier, but Mark has only, uh, he's done nothing. He came straight from school, so I think we're gonna make a quick bit stop. What, uh, what do you got? I got a quick chest of triads, chest of iron, I probably said shoulders. If that's the plan, I'll just throw some shoulders in. But first, let's get some grab on our systems. Crazy cool looking, but I've never been cut off so many times. This quickly trying to merge one downside of the strip, I guess. And you got the stature liberty, though. Is that the real one? All right, man. There we go. All right, the guy taking the orders was, you can have a, kind of, a little lat mat. Wait, I didn't really get it. Yeah, I'm gonna stop doing my gals. What the hell is it, wait, bet it? A little lat mat there, right? But if the guy taking the orders is really out there, so it's, I don't want to actually clip him, but total, we get a full, uh, full little box of six double animal style. I don't know what I'm saying, protein style, sort of patties. No mayonnaise, ketchup mustard, onion pickle. And I don't think I've ever been hungry here. Is an absolute description. How I freaking be all right now. Let's break it. I think the last time I had any time was when it went to California. Yeah, nice school. Last time you had any time. I thought you had any time. Yeah. Yeah, that was back. That was before any training, it was like one fifty five or something. Oh, I go. You know what I'm saying? Five guys in the lettuce, a few days ago. This is better. I think the five guys might have been better. This is good. Not bad. It has that for a description. And then maybe it's, and maybe somebody else is a friend of that. Who's a sack? Well, a plan now. Finish these. Check in. And then go get some shit move it. So that's a, let's just jump to that part. Okay, so we made a little bit of a, a little bit of an executive decision last night. Which was kind of made on accident as soon as I laid down. I was completely not getting sleep. I, I was in my full clothes and I was like, you know, it's a, but swap ass. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to be a planning. But now so as soon as we got back to the, for the hotel, I fell asleep with my clothes on. It's not like crazy, but we are just a cardio. I'm working with it. I'm working with it. Even back workout is working with the trial. A little camera guy style for the later we're got today. So that quick stuff. I have a meal number one. Would you get some sort of, some sort of an outlet? I'm let steak eggs. Yeah. So you slide it, say, think egg white on the veggies. I should have asked. I'm going to use like late butter. A little better. Yeah. That and a table and steak, which, you had a restaurant that might be really big. But I feel like the eye-opper, totally going to sting you with it. And it's getting a little bit stem. So not so carb heavy. I guess 10 beats, meal number two, meal number one was like a bit crunch bar, which is, it's 12 bullshit. It's not even like a healthy, it may's all be even chocolate bar. That one is still 250 calories. But I gotta be mindful. Evench. I'm saying the same story again. But we're on the fucking plane. I was feeding her something. But we dealt with the clue today. I just gotta click one day one in the trunk. But we're going to get into some, not shenanigans. But we're going to run out of the place tonight. So we'll try to record some of that for a bit more.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 100 - Back - Every Calorie Counts Heart to Heart [WhBAlacb1Is].txt ===

Alright, little bit later in the shrieking evening. Six o'clock, but feels about right. I kind of wanted to wait a little while because I had a big bowl of kind of a ground beef, mixed with fat free cheese, mixed with barbecue sauce, plus some low-car buns, two of those accounting for the fiber kind of different than anything else of those calories. But I kind of felt heavy in my stomach. I don't really love lifting when I feel like kind of like, no, I don't think bloated is really the right word because it's not like I was full of gas raining. It just kind of had a really full stomach. So it's not as fun to train like that. So I pushed the lift back a little bit later. And now I feel ready to freaking go. So our cardio complete in the morning. I'm going to have another hour after this. Let's not think about that. Let's think about the back workout with the touch of shoulders. Hey, you're focused there. So, I'll play it for back. Going to a bit of a simpler gym. So nothing too wild. I'm talking pull-outs, rows, pull-overs, potentially some pull-ups supersetted into some seated rows on the cable stack. And then that will probably be it. It really doesn't take much. And then shoulders, I think I'll kind of splice the two together. For me, with the shoulder workout, like I'm not going to, these aren't in same failure sets. I'm just trying to get a rear delt inside the pump. So probably in between each set of rows, I'll jump over to the dumbbells and do like 15 sets of lateral raises. Or 15 reps of lateral raises, bend over, do a few more sets of rear delt focused lateral raises. Oh, they go from there. So, I'm currently unstimulated. I've got the pre-workouts in front next to me. So I think that's only going to say. Well, short and sweet. How about we just jump straight to the action with a first set being? Typically, I'm always doing like some kind of single-on pull-over or pull-downs. Usually I save the pull-ups for a little bit later if I do them at all. So I've warmed up a little bit in the cables. They'll kind of fresh. Let's start with the pull-ups. I have my body weight and so a lot easier now. It's a little trickier doing these at 270. Set with a, let's just start with a reasonably tempoed set. You've got to get on my tip to it. It's just strapping. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I can't. Oh, my God, I said. Yeah, that's you one more. Probably two sets per movement. Can't have a approach, I'm thinking. Yeah, that's pretty hard. Okay. Oh, my God, I said. Let's do something more upper back focus next. Why does she grip straight bar rows? Perfect. No. No. Oh, okay. One more. So I forgot some freaking mention. It's day one hundred. Day one hundred of dieting. Yippee. Yeah, how about, how about we save the celebration for the end. All right, this is, is one more lift. One more step. It was worth aiming, but we're not there yet. There's still some time to a. There's still some words to be done. So, how about we save the special for. Once this is all over, right, nothing to wild today. Oh. That's why I don't wait like seated rows like this. It's started with the weight down. Let's just pull over. Oh. That's why I don't wait like seated rows like this. It's started with the weight down. Let's just pull over. Sing along, of course. Sing along. Five reps on either side. Standing. Yeah, yes. And maybe three feet away. And then I'm really trying to feel my lower. Lats. Like, if my lat ties all the way down to right here, I want to feel every fiber that at the bottom. So in the spirit of that squeeze, no need to go that heavy. Six easy actually perfect. So, left side first. Whoa. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. One more. So, a lot of raises. And then let's get ready for what I know. Like, ish. Pulldowns will be the lat-focused portion of this finisher. And then, as I've repeated pretty healthy many times, this sort of seeded row situation will be afterward. Whoa. It's, uh, it's been tremendous in the working order. But a nice little alternation of pull-downs, lat-focused, to more mid-back kind of trap-focused squeezing. Never done me wrong. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I've paused out. Holy crap, I'm feeling the freaking deficit now. Oh my gosh. All right. Good set. All the added of those two sets of lateral raises. But I can still feel a bit of a residual shoulder pump. I mean, they already jump in out of the freaking sweater. Well, let's, uh, let's do it through the shirt. Pump check and see what we're working with. Yeah. There's some width in there for sure. Let's get a real deep dive though. Oh goodness. Very different from the beginning. Let me see if I can remember to splice in the back lat spread from 100 days ago. Yeah. It looks quite different now. Very, uh, which is very good thing, of course. But let's run through something. There we go. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I've never had some freaking shot right there. Oh, oh, yeah. It's freaking hard to hold a pose after a full on freaking left. But let's, uh, yeah, a little bit of shoulders things starting to poachrude. Maybe we'll breath hold a really jump on that. Oh, oh, man. Yeah. I mean, just standing here in a pretty relaxed, well, relaxed. Certainly feeling like a nutcase. But there's a few extra steps to go. I believe this was. That is for sure. Oh, my goodness. But sweet back pump. A little bit of shoulder action. And then note insane. Try substrations or veins. Yep. But we're getting there day by freaking day. So for you, we can go to the car and get back to the happen for me. I'm going to camp out right freaking there for the next 60 minutes. So better than I'm at freaking ace up. All right. I'm totally going to forget to crop it in and post. Remember this? I mean, tell me it's going to burn us down. So it makes the holy crap. Yeah, so that was back in freaking October. Yeah, we go right there. Yeah, that was a while ago. Holy shhh. Holy moly. No, I know how to freaking bulk. That's for sure. But one thing that is, it's kind of been grinding my gears a little bit. And half of me thinks that these comments are like trolling. But, you know, half of me knows maybe they're not. And those comments are the ones where it's like, Sam, and I'm just trying to, you know, put some emphasis on it. But they're like, Sam, why would you strain the fat off the ground beef? That's healthy fat. Sam, why would you eat egg? And why would you eat egg whites and not the egg yolks? And get those healthy fats, man, from your mega threes. And, you know, I think it, you got to remember healthy foods, which is barely even an accurate description. Honestly, we have such a weird, like, obsession with categorizing foods. This is healthy. This is not, but whatever. That does not mean that it's conducive with fat loss. You know, I would completely stop losing weight right now. If I started eating three and a half thousand calories a day of chicken rice broccoli. No sauce, no nothing. If I was eating 400 grams of rice per day, and evenly sized, like chicken rice broccoli meals, which you would think holy crap, Sam's really locked in, he's not eating any, he's not eating any treats. All he's eating is chicken broccoli rice. Oh, he's serious now. I'd start gaining weight and start bulking up because the amount of calories that I'd be eating it's just too much. So the battle that I'm facing is every day. My body burns this much energy. Now, I sort of up that by adding all this extra cardio and the workout, but that just kind of counts as the day. So every day I burn this much. I can't eat more than this. I have to stay under because if I don't, no more body fat. There are no more body fat burning. I guess I really mean there would be the same amount of body fat, right? So what I'm trying to say there is, regardless of what those calories were, even if it was straight, crispy cream and protein shake, mixed with ice cream or whatever, if it was under that calorie limit, then that's what I'm really aiming for. Now, of course, that's an exaggeration I would never do that because it wouldn't work. Treats do not make you feel full. There's almost no way that I could ever eat 1,500 calories in a day or 2,000 calories in a day of pure treats. Because every time I would eat something, it would immediately spike my blood sugar. They're all my appetite off, you know, out of whack out the wasoo and then I'd be hungry again. It just doesn't work. So that's why all these meals have been plain. They're not plain, but low carb, low, I mean, basically nothing for sugar. Apart from like, I'll do some yogurt with some frozen fruit and a little bit of like sugar-free maple syrup. That ends up being a pretty good treat for me. Cost and only 160 calories, which is really nice. But it just doesn't, like, treats don't fill you up. Whereas if I've got a bowl of a full bag or like two bags of a mix salad, I add eight ounces of ground beef. I add 150 grams of G-heans, sugar-free barbecue sauce, which adds up to like, you know, 12 inch grams of carbs. And then some factory cheese, makes the whole thing together. I got a huge bowl of food in front of me. And only costs 500 calories right? It might only be like 40, not even 40, like 30 grams of carbs. Maybe 10 of fat if that, because of how much I'm strain in the ground beef. And then like 50 of protein. That's a big meal. So that's what I'm really aiming for. Calorie-efficient food. Because I want to feel full. That is the primary driver or the primary, like, vector that I'm trying to use to make me not come back to the kitchen for seconds. But I got a counter that with, okay. I'd feel pretty full if I had four spicy chicken sandwiches from Wendy's. And that would be my entire calorie intake in one sitting. So that's not going to work. So I'm going to eat foods that make me feel full. But don't completely blow my calorie budget out of the water. So especially for this degree, yeah, that means really strain off all the excess fats on the barbecue, or from the ground beef. I mean, it's no egg yolks. Except for sometimes I'll do like a soft boiled egg and kind of throw that over top of the ground beef. But those five grams of fat from that egg yolk, I got a counter. I got a track of that is not just a negligible amount. And you really, I mean, at this point getting this lean. I got to be straight. Or at least I've got to, you know, make sure I have a solid accounting of all the calories that are coming in and out. Because I know it sucks, and I'm not trying to say it's easy. But you really do have to be on it with a hundred percent of the foods that you're eating. In terms of your calorie tracking, if you want to make consistent body recomp sort of changes. And I mean, that's with the calorie counting approach. I mean, there's all the Atkins and Keto and I don't know carb. And none of that appeals to me. That doesn't make any sense. I know the calorie value of proteins, fats and carbs, the amounts of the proteins that I need for my build, the amount of fats and carbs and that sort of ratio. So I want to play around with it. I mean, I mean, control there. But, you know, if I don't count the five grams of carbs that were in the barbeque sauce that I add on the eggs. Or if I don't count the three grams of fat that I used because I put some avocado oil into the pot or the pan before I could be eggs. Or if I don't count, you know, this is out of the other. It'll start to add up really quickly because What's five grams of fat in ten grams of carbs? Nothing. That could be like one bite of something. That could be, uh, well, let me just, let me try to think of an example here. I'll just, I'll just go there and go out in front of me. Well, whatever. And extra hundred calories can be consumed like that. Like it's nothing. You won't even notice. Having an extra hundred calories on a meal, frankly, you're sort of like overall fullness. If it was like a 400 calorie meal, you probably wouldn't even know the difference. Now, if you add a hundred calories up five times throughout the day that you're eating, not even including a random little snacking or, you know, maybe you take a sip of some whatever out of the fridge, just every so often, you know, you ought to really need to track it. Before you know it, you might have tracked 80% of the food that you ate, but you completely missed 600 calories. A 600 calorie gap or discrepancy in your calorie intake. I mean, you're not going to be able to make up for it. And I feel like that's why so many people try to get into calorie counting and they track their weight. And, you know, they get in the scale every morning, okay. 180, 180, 180, or 250, 250, 250, 250. Oh, I'm counting everything. Why isn't this working? I, and then it's always a deflection, which is pretty classic psychology. You know, it's just not my fault as something else. So it's, well, I've got a slum metabolism, man. I'm a freaking hard game, you know, where as in reality, if you actually have a solid accounting of all the calories and the macros and everything else that you are really eating, then the numbers would start to explain your situation. Okay, I'm 240 pounds. I'm probably like 180 lean. All right. Well, I work out every day. I don't do any cardio. I should. I've been telling myself I should. Sam keeps telling me that I should. I'm not listening. I don't know myself in this guy. But, all right, I'm counting everything. Oh, well, I, I thought I was eating 2000 calories a day, but really, I'm eating 2,800. Huh. I guess that kind of makes sense. All right. Looked up my maintenance calories and it said 2800 was my maintenance. Okay. Well, if I keep eating the maintenance, I'm just going to keep maintaining my weight. I got to clearly drop those calories down. You know, and it's not fun to say that because, frankly, I mean, dieting is hard. You're literally fighting against your body's instinct, telling you to eat more food because you're hungry. You know, you basically have three things that you're hard-wired to do. All right. Sleep, eat, drink, and then I'm quoting myself from Wallygo. But there's one more. All right. And we, I think we all know which one this is. But to try to fight against one of those, especially one that's like pretty dang important for your survival, your hunger. It's hard. It's definitely not easy. But, all right, you got a human brain, or the freaking smartest thing there is on this planet. Potentially this whole freaking universe, right, depending on how much of a conspiracy theorist that you are. So, it's not the hardest problem in the world. You know, it's definitely not rocket science. But, it's a bit trickier than just writing down on paper, eat less food. There's certainly some room for new ones there. So, all that's to say is, from my perspective, at least, I find it's the easiest to go about the problem of dieting, bulking up or cutting down by breaking it down into the basic fundamentals of, okay? If I want to gain weight, I've got to eat enough food to gain weight. And if I want to get leaner, then I've got to, you know, only eat so much food on my body. It's forced to use its internal energy reserves. My body fat has energy to make up for that calorie deficit. And really, there's no two ways of batter with that. Calories in calories out is a pretty dang freaking strong ass law. You know, you're not fighting thermodynamics here. Of course, there's little tips and tricks in the cardio and the meal timing, everything else. But, if at the end of the day, you're eating too much, you're never going to make the fat loss gains or even four. Or advice versus obviously, I'm going to be a bit more diet centered now that I'm cutting down. But, if you keep telling yourself you're going to seriously bulk up, but the scale isn't changing. What does that mean, right? You're just not eating enough food. So you've got to find a way to match that for your schedule. Right? I mean, this, for my, how I've got about it, the working at is very personal. Like, I want my diet, my approach to everything to be form-fitted to me. So, you know, I've got to take their responsibility to try to figure all that stuff out, make and mistakes and try to learn from them in a just over time. And now I've got to the point where I've got a pretty reasonable grasp of how to modulate everything to do with my build. Right? Size, leanness, bulkness, whatever else. So, it's not a question of if, like, once you get a good grasp of the rules of the game that you're playing, what it comes to the dieting, the training, then no longer becomes an if I can achieve whatever I want to do. Or if I can get there, if I can get this lean, if I can reach this bodyweight. It's simply a gain plan which doesn't have to be looked at as an om. And I wonder if it's just, alright, how long is going to take for me to do this? Because the mystery is gone, right? I mean, the magician to a kid is like, I mean, it's straight up magic, right? But once you know the tricks, you know, once you understand how it's executed and how it's done, you could learn it yourself. Now it's going to take some time and some practice and some effort and some adjustment, everything else. But it can be done. Now, if you can get yourself into that mindset, get that dog and you and thug it out with the cardio, repeat on the daily for months on end. I mean, you can make some pretty serious changes in a pretty reasonable amount of time. But, you know, the more kind of locked in you've got to be, more locked in you got to be. And that's the hard part, right? So that's on you. And it's out of my hands. I can tell you all this hype motivation, whatever else, work out every day to your cardio. But you can't, you can tell a lifter to download a macro tracker app. You can't force them to enter those numbers. That's where it's on you. I think that's a good ender. You know, leave you with that. So tomorrow, I've got a, what I hope to be in Saint-Leafriky, Vaney, striated and just freaking badass arm day with, actually with nothing more. I talk with cardio. That's basically it. And then I think I'm due for a rest day, especially before legs. So I think the day after tomorrow, I'll take a day and just do the cardio, save legs for the day after. Maybe. We'll see. But that's how I got day 100 complete. There's not going to be a hundred more. Or pass the half way mark, don't worry. So if anybody who's been waiting for the next bulking phase, it'll come. It'll come in time. But not yet. And I'm freaking, yeah, I got some stuff to do first. So until then, I'll see you for our us.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 101 - Arms You Glad It's Not Legs [cLq9IPxZZGQ].txt ===

Okay, I'm at war. I am at freaking war. Now, with a man or a country, but with a simple phenomenon of, well, I guess you could say, the body fat on my body that I'm trying to get off. But that might be the entity that's sort of putting up a fight. Oh, what I'm really feeling is the freaking hunger. I got a few weapons of my disposal. The cardio bike? That's helping me. The macro tracker app, I get on my phone. That's a pretty strong one as well. And kind of just dug into that, right, dealing. There's no way to get around it if you want to get leaner. That means you're going to be kind of hungry. You can make it easier in yourself by eating whole plain foods, low sugars so you don't only mess up your blood sugar and spike your insulin for no reason which is just going to make you hungry again 30 minutes freaking later. Now in a bulking context, I have a very different perception. Obviously, I'm not so concerned. It's sugar intake. Right, right? I should have leveraged it in terms of sort of pre-workout or post-workout kind of recovery. But right now, not so much, right now, not so much. So really, I just had one reasonably big kind of pre-workout meal. It was like a lunch about two and a half hours ago or so. And now I am ready for arms. That meal consisted of 50 grams of protein worth of egg whites mixed with, like a just sort of a chopped vegetable kind of salad pack. I throw all that into a little pot and put it on low heat and said the whole thing kind of cooks up together. And I got a couple of comments like the same way. You would cook, you know, cooked salad with eggs, what the hell? It's not that bad. It's frankly, it's pretty good. With two servings of fat-free mozzarella cheese mixed in at the end of the cooking process, once it's fully melted, some low sugar barbecue sauce, salsa, salt pepper, frankly freaking perfect. And then that was paired with a little bit later. Kind of, I guess you could say, separate meal more of a snack, maybe. A bowl of one container of some kind of Greek yogurt, strawberry, low fat. So two low fat low carbs, two grams of fat, four grams of carbs, 12 grams of protein, about 10 grams of carbs worth of frozen fruit. As well as some low sugar maple syrup, it's really kind of make it a bit of sweet treat. That's sweet calorie, smart treat, that is. I think the whole thing only ended up being about 100 something calories, which for a big bowl like that, that's pretty good deal. I feel pretty well fed, at least given the calories that I'm working with for the whole day. So I'm ready for arms, I'm ready for some try. A blue ratio. I'm going to buy some decimation to be finished off with a cheeky little 60 minutes on the seated bike. Nothing recovered by me, just the kind of regular one. So I think that's all I really get to say. And by just, I'm going to just jump straight to the action. I can tell, uh, sometimes the pre-gim talk is a little, I'm running out of things to say, just a touch. I think I'm really feeling the deficit before I get the pre-work out of the flon, through my veins. And the pump is actually finally complete. But no more jetting. Let's just get straight to arms. I've got a game plan. Two sets of a tricep movement. Two sets of a bicep movement. Two sets of a tricep movement. Back and forth. Back and forth. And maybe a tri-by super set has the finisher. And my logic there is the pump fleets, man. The pump is fleeting, especially, you know, actually let me just pull the real number. I'm not exactly sure how many. But I haven't had, you know, the old school typical 800 grams of carbs. 60 grams of carbs. Well, I want to say as soon as I get my triceps fully pumped, if I did a full bicep lift by the post down, tricep. We're a little bit depleted. So this might just be a little bit of a preference thing. But if I can finish an arm post down, I don't have to be fully pumped. Now, if I'm bolting it's a little different because, you know, you need to get going to do it. But let's start with some rope. Light, not the full stack. 67.5. Good squeeze. And then you go. Yeah. Just... Yeah. Yeah drank. sweating Let's grab some dumb balsh. Good boy! Yeah. Duh. Two more bowls of cake. Ok. Let's do some machine dips next. I think that'll be a good next phase. Oh, well, I had a lot of it's taken. Let's do something though. Not sure what. He's done. Let's go nuts. In a reasonable fashion course. Now you got some dears. You're not supposed to edit. It just won't work together. The other is my partner. Oh crap. Lightish, 25 and a 10. That's super good. Very control. I would not want to do nasty reps here. Just asking for freaking trouble. yes. 10. One more. We've my strength and durability is taking a hit today. Like these are good sets to finish. They're hitting the quick. I'm going to do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's stack plus a 25 or such inside. Straight set nothing fancy. Honestly, I wouldn't be surprised if I had to do these. All I feel the need for is one more set of eyes. Let's decide that. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Here's the plan. One more set of these push dance. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's go pose down. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 102 - Legs Post Rest Day [DBogg61gyW0].txt ===

 neben by blessings. ementeibile               Bright Neirly Or should I rather say darken early? So... This is actually two days from the last lift two days from that last arm day. Yesterday was a rest day and this was, you know, now the day after I'm gonna try and do it legs first. So usually I've been doing cardio session A, wait for some time to pass, lift cardio session B, but with legs I don't really want to wait until after I've done an hour of cardio and not really scarf down a ton of calories. So I did this a couple of, I don't know how many days ago I think it was back, I did it back day earlier in the morning rather than waiting for later into there. So mind the yawning, but that's the approach for this morning. So pre-work I'd not yet consumed, but I'll say that for a little bit closer to the actual ETA to the gym. It's just so it's really kicking in when I'm starting quads and then that's pretty much it. Some walking cardio after, no, no seated bike right after legs. The seated bike is a little bit too quiet heavy in terms of like stimulus and kind of fatigue. But the treadmill, not particularly, well I guess you can say tiresome, but not particularly soreness inducing, which is what I'm aiming for right? I don't need the cardio, it's a V, the tricky part and I want that to be getting more chill. So I do not anticipate that being too tricky to finish because I get episode one of season two of severance to watch. And I know that's like a 45-minute show. So I'll probably try to line it up such that I watch maybe 15 minutes or random BS, be it Instagram or Eels or just like a YouTube video or something and then get that show started a little cardio tip. If you can really get engaged and kind of locked into whatever show or like game your plan on your phone while you're doing it, time does seem to pass faster. I'd say there's most certainly an entertainment effect which offsets the boredom. Typically you're so here, typically associated with low intensity steady state cardio. But in terms of the left it's going to be pretty standard. Sissy squads, leg extensions, maybe some machine leg press superset it with some leg extensions as a pre-exhaust. And then hamstrings, hamstring curls and some Smith-Arty-Eels. Truly other is too it. Maybe a little bit lower on the volume side of things but that's not specifically intentional. I'm just trying to do as many sets as necessary to feel fully fatigued and fully pups, writing my hamps and quads. So if I get that sort of sensation of like completion after four sets of hamstrings and only like five sets of quads, then that'll be the end of it. Because that's all I really need right now. I'm trying to stimulate the muscle, maintain it and peel off that outer fat layer to reveal extra cut striations and veins which are currently being hidden, currently being subdued. And they want out. And I'm talking all the veins and spider webby wood bark striations. They want to be revealed. They want to be seen and they want to be put in the spotlight. So it's have to meet a get rid of this sort of soft blubber layer on the outside and be the be the messenger to deliver those muscular, well, it details. Not that I really think about it that deeply. It's just kind of the funny way to say it. But I think that's all I got to say. I'm going to get myself amptops as a music become caffeinated and let's say, well, for me it's going to be more like 15 minutes. But for you, I'm so happy to hear you. Adductors have been sufficiently warmed up which even though it's not like a massive part, it definitely comes into play. So if I warm them up first, this feels way better. And I'm curving my ego a little bit because instead of doing 200 pounds we're just a full stack. 170 felt a little hefty. So I think it's sweet spots around the middle. No. No my god ohahah Ah, let's towards 70, one more. Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Let's do some audio sound. I might come back here. But that'll be after... I forgot my straps. That's okay. 80 pando riels... Perfect. Now... Okay. Oh... Ah... Ah... I don't need it. Oh... Back to a curl. I don't need it. Oh... Back to a curl. Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Okay. Yeah... Let's get to quite a start. Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Okay... I think that's my time. First I'm a Sissy Squad super set. No... Light squeezing double-like light extensions... 10 repsish... Then some body widths... Sissy Squad's... Sissy Squad's... Alright... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Now... Okay... Let's go pose that. Alright... Legs complete... And almost exactly the amount of volume that I had predicted... Except... It was that five sets of both... Either way... Legs are pumped. Now they're not skin splitting pumped like a full, you know... 1000 gram a car a bulk day. But give my current circumstances. I feel pretty good. So let's just see if there's a visual reflection... That matches the sort of the inflated canis feeling. Yep... There you are. Alright... Shoulda weren't shorter shorts now that I... Not actually here but when you have a thick one. And I still work. Ooh... So give a little extra zoom in... Quad only. Yeah, there we go. No... Yeah... Yeah... Yeah... Yeah... Yeah... Yeah... Yeah... They certainly feel pretty freaking cut up. Yeah... That's a pretty good amount of quadra freaking hamstring separation too. And the ham's are as freaking... As they would be un pumped. Kind of cause when you have a hamstring pump... They sort of just... You know... Combine... Individive a blob just for the flationary effect of being pumped up. But... We are definitely on track to freaking something. So for you... Let's get in the car... Head back to the crib. But for me... I am not leaving yet. I've got an hour-long... Mill session. I can tell you one thing... If TikTok gets banned for real... And this isn't all just you know... Rain and Mass talk like it always is... That looks kind of suck. I've got a lot of hype... Edits that I've got saves on the TikTok like one piece and everything else. It's getting me going. I've deleted it off my home train. So I don't use it passively. Like I have at least relegated myself to just... Instagram reels. Which I think is at least a little bit better than bounce in between two... Apps worth of doing scrolling. But... Yeah... During the cardio. If you've got like 30, 30 seconds... Like hype one piece or hype a backier... That can tighten there any other kind of like... You know, a little badass freaking edit. It's a pretty good way to pass the time. I mean, it gets me going for real. So that's how I spent the last 10 minutes on the treadmill. The first 40... 45 issues show. Hmm... Oh... Including five of just a YouTube video. First... That was spent watching the first episode of the... Relatus to season of severance. Very good show. Very freaking good. I'm glad that it just released every episode at once. You know, as much as I may have liked it in the moment... I would have just... I probably would have just watched a whole thing today. And then I'd be freaking screwed at a lot. So... I'm... I'm strongly considering starting to watch last. But I'm kind of in... Like, season three of suits. I just got a... It is ordered that you just got lit up mug on Amazon. Because I just saw that clip, which I thought was pretty funny. But it's like... Six more seasons of the same... You know, this data, the other Harvey Spector, Lewis, whatever. I don't know if I could do it. It's a little too much. I'm... I'm... Spectering myself out. So I think I might... You... Well... Hmm... Hmm... Whatever. I'm sorry, but I'll be honest. I'm gonna start today off freaking nice and girly. It was kind of cool getting to watch the sunrise during the cardio, though. Not something most people get to see. I... I'm kind of... Like, usually I think of myself as a cardio-efficient auto. Right? Because I got the 30 minutes on the regular. Which is definitely more than most people. But I'm up there in like the top... Something percentile in terms of... Clock to hours of cardio, of at least the last like... Month-ish. I think it's been... I can go back and check the pictures, but I think it's been just about a month. That I've been doing the two hours of cardio per day. Phew! That's a lot, man. It's a freaking lot. But... I mean... I'm not trying to dog you on you. I'm sure you probably spend more than two hours just... Playing on your phone anyway. I know I do. So it's not like I'm really adding anything to the schedule. I'm just kind of turning one mindless task... Sitting around playing on my phone, which is not even a task. Into... Now a little bit of a multi-sask in the situation, right? And of course it takes some effort. I'm not using the cardio. It's not like completely zero... You know, 100% easy, whatever. But it's not really the hardest thing in the world. The hardest thing isn't even actually doing it. It's just going to do it. Because once you've already made a trip to the gym to do your cardio... I mean the success rate of that mission has now increased dramatically. I mean I'd say the success rate of guys where they just say to themselves... Alright, I better maybe have to drive to the gym later if you cardio. Or tomorrow morning and we need to cardio. Yeah, tomorrow morning I'll do it. The success rate of that thought... Pretty low. I think it's definitely sub-25% in kind of thinking that a lot of people think that to themselves. And then the time comes and they say, ask, screw. But the percentage that do make it to the car and actually do head over to the gym. They get their shoes on, they get their headphones, they get their phone, they get their... They're energy drinks sitting right next to them or whatever. By then the success rate is at least 80% you know. So it's not really an issue of maintaining the momentum of actually going. It's just getting that momentum started. Because even if I feel like total trash, even if I'm tired, I'm sleepy, it takes me a second before I even walk into the gym to do a workout because I'm like... Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Which sometimes I definitely do feel. I mean, not every one of these cardio sessions goes by extremely easily. Especially the morning ones. Like I think it was maybe two or three morning cardio sessions ago. It took me a minute to really get up and get my shoes on. You know, maybe not as serious as like the David Goggins scenario where he's like... I don't want to put my motherfucking shoes on. I don't want to get up and run out there, man. You know, however he says it, not that serious of course. But definitely took a second, right? But I know that I want to do my cardio, or I guess really. I know that I want the results that doing my cardio is going to give me. So if that's the case, then it's simply a balance of, you know, a balance of desires. And my desire for those gains, or at least the progress that the cardio is going to give me, is just strong enough that at outweighs my desire to go back to bed, put my blanket back on and say, I'm going to sleep. Even though that would be all, it would feel so nice. You know, it feels so good. It just cozy back up and dead. Don't worry, it's so warm in here. Nothing cool, or at least nothing worthwhile happens when you're cozy up onto the covers and you're scrolling in screen rails. Nobody ever did anything cool like that. Now it's a nice to come back to. And frankly, going out and doing your cardio or lifting and having a good workout, just having a good day in general, if you know you killed it, at least in some degree, then when you come back and you do get to chill, it's even more enjoyed. Because you kind of earned it in a sense, you know. So, all I'm trying to say there, get you free because you're a shot of this here. So, I am sure that I'm going to take a nap after my post-workout meal of some cubed top-round steak, as well as probably some frozen mixed berries in a little bowl on the side, with some yogurt. And then the real battle begins because for me to do all this cardio and to work out, even when I'm feeling a little extra weak and a little thorgic, that's not really the challenging part. Like that's, I'm enough of a gym-rat where that's like, that's just a given. You know, that's regular daily activities I'm working on. It's the calorie restriction, that's the variable that's taking the most effort on my end. But not rocket sites, not freaking rocket sites. Simply making sure that I don't exceed my limits. And then with the extra free time and I have to eat so much food and prep everything you just sit here with the full stomach. I'm getting clean. I got a straight-in-a-malfe as a bit more, I'm getting some junk and old boxes and stuff, but I got a shelf to put up as well. Yeah, I should probably do that today too. So, plan for the rest of the day, do a little bit of house cleaning, clean up all my dishes and the same can everything else feed the cats. They, yeah, crap, they don't have breakfast yet. It's not a clock, they're probably freaking. Well, this is about their breakfast time, but I know that they're feeding for it for sure. So, then it's all that. Go back to the apartment gym later tonight. Do another hour cardio, probably a combination of seated bike and the treadmill. And then just keep going from there, right? Goodness. Every day, a little bit leaner than the day before, that's kind of my current state right now. And it's not the most noticeable, you know, jumps in leanness from a day by day basis. Really, it's negligible. I don't wake up one day, you know, pounds upon pounds or percentages upon percentages leaner than it was the day prior. But, over the course of a month, pretty drastic changes. I mean, look at a go back to even just scrolling through the thumbnails, like look at the last day, there's the last days of the Bolton phase, to like halfway through this kind of dining phase. To now, I mean, it's only been like three and a half months. Or, it's not even that. It's barely, it's not even been three and a half months. Yeah, it's only been three months and like, well, now yeah, it's about three and a half months. But, it's pretty drastic. So, even though it's slow, it is steady. And steady is smooth and smooth as fast, so really, it's gone by pretty fast. But, oh, that's to say, if you're in a deficit currently, or if you're getting yourself amped up to start a deficit, then you're kind of like on the crap, I don't know if I'm going to really pull the trigger on this thing, man. You know, it's winter time. I want to be Bolkin, that, pick one. The worst decision you could make is in decision in terms of if you want to bulk up or cut down. Because too many lifters I feel are just plateaued and trapped in a state of maintenance. You know, they're just staying the same size, the same strength, the same everything. And it's like, if you're coming to the gym every day anyway, you only have to add a little bit more effort to tip the scales into some vector of progress, be it bulking up the more cutting down. So, slip a coin, hedge your bulk tails, you cut and odds are, once that coin is actually in the air, you're going to know which one you really want to do because you're going to get lean towards, lean towards whichever one you actually have a sub, sub-conscious preference for. But whichever one you do, if you can stick to it for long enough and adjust accordingly, depending on what scale reads, and I can guarantee at the end of it, you'll at least be able to say, alright, I may substitute it rather than just basically fast forwarding the next three months, and being in these X-AIMs watches that you work. That's the worst thing you could do is just become stagnantly trained. That's why I really like the bulk enough you can down because I'm always headed towards a specific goal, and it's very tangible and direct. Like, I know I want to lean right now, and I know in a few months I'm going to want to get bigger and bulkier. So, it's, I get kind of the best of both worlds you've learned back and forth. But I think that's all I got to say. I ain't ready to eat something, take a, take a mid-ish. Well, I don't know. Sometimes if I take a nap when I'm dieting, then it's hard for me to sleep at night, and I end up being a little more restless. But either way, I know I'm going to feel my legs tomorrow. So I think that's all I got to say. I will see you for what I hope to be a rather freaking chess day tomorrow.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 103 - Chest [JZxUeKP5uvk].txt ===

Maybe I should have uh... maybe I should have gone back and called this leaner by the day instead of winter shred of thundered. Maybe save a little reference title for the next diving phase. But focusing on here and now I've got two goals, at least two um... you know, overarching goals for this excursion. Number one, get a chest bump. Number two, finish my cardio afterward. This is the uh... this is the first session of the day. I am... I've kind of been like in doing the lift with the cardio first. Like you know, have breakfast of course, don't do a fasted, weight-based workout. I probably wouldn't recommend that. And then doing cardio on its own, or doing the cardio only session later at night. Because it's like... well, I'm waiting for you know. The day is gonna be hard enough just making sure I don't, you know, over grub. So the longer I can be, actually, you know, use my hands, do something. It makes a little easier to stick to this freaking deficit. But yeah, nothing too crazy in terms of heft. I'm not talking three plates, Smith, I'm not talking four plate barbell. I'm talking cables, machine press, and a variety of flies. Maybe even some pectic. There is certainly room for some pectic action as well. I'll have to think about it. But we'll just have to see here. So it shouldn't take too long either. When we frankly, the rate at which I'm gonna get fully kind of pumped and fatigued. It's a lot quicker when you're not, you know, rolling around with a million grams of carbs, fats, and proteins on the daily. So I can tell but it's kind of a hit like set five or six, like... The workout's over. And it's not in an arbitrary sense of like I hit a certain set number or workout or whatever. It's really just, I need a certain level of kind of fatigue and activation and workload that I know I've reached. And then that's my cue to say, alright, I've stimulated my chest as much as I can. No point to do anymore. And bulking up or cutting down, that's still the approach. So I'll still do as many hard sets as I can do. What do we need in five thousand calories a day? And usually I end up doing more sets more reps, more weights because I've got more energy in my disposal. And be it so full of food, never think else. But the approach is the same. As many hard sets as I can do until I feel like I'm fully fatigued, fully pumped. And essentially I'll be able to say, looking back over the whole workout. I did it. That was good. Some stimulative work has been completed. Now it's a good chill. Or in this case, now I get to go do my extra cardio. Which, yeah, you did your cardio today, right, too? Yeah, I know you did. You would, you'd never lie to me. That's for sure. But I think nothing else to discuss. This is going to make it just a happy. Let's start off like bent over, can of, well, a little bit of lower chest focus. But I'm not only feeling my lower pecks because when I bend over, I mean, it turns into more of like a, in front of body fly. But it is going to be slow controlled with a good squeeze. And I do some pumpish like partial reps at the end. But I think this will be a perfect start for today. It's just enough. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, crap. One more. None of them. No. No. No. Yeah. No, yeah. Oh, one more. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Go. Oh, okay. Oh, okay. Let's pick up our ass. Those were perfect. We're hoping sets though. Not too heavy. Just heavy enough. Straight machine pressed. Yeah. Do. One more. Yeah. Okay. There's not much left. But let's go back to the tour that I'm sure. I think I've got super self style idea. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. One more. No. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One more. No. Not one more thing to go. This one would be a little different. I'm going to pre-exhaust the peck deck. Then finish with some bento bar cable flies. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my gosh. That hit me the harder than expected. Let's find some lighting. We're done with chest at least. So that did not take too freaking long. Three sets of light squeezing cable flies followed by two sets of machine chest press followed by one set of cable chest press and then a fly base super set. Seven sets. That's pretty much what I'm freaking aim at for. So let's just see what kind of pump resulted. If you don't want to turn it to the right. It's an important challenge for the day for 50. But on the low side, but I'd rather be low than high because now I guess you go home and have a pretty substantial size post workout meal. It really sucks for me to have to limit the calories later in the day. It's much easier for me to just kind of, you know, weight to open the fludgits. stomach and it is to try to go bad hungry. It's creepy to that down just to touch and we go. Now we're working on something. Tip You the I told you real good about Click yell Don't ask its god food. Shownong Saturday The Alln Well, all that to say, I feel pumped. The amount of skin or like, you know, it's a lot of I can grab onto is getting pretty close to the lowest that's ever been to form me on my front side. Size for sure. I mean, that's a pretty decent amount of abdominal, whatever. But there's still room to lean out, do not worry. So that's kind of the plan for the next couple of weeks. So, so you can jump right on to it. That's good to have some cardio on. Bifched dead. That was a good one. It was a reasonable freaking chest day if I have ever seen one. And for being flat, low carb, that's still felt like a pretty bloodful, low-end skin stretch and pump. Of course, not as crazy as, you know, a 275 pound bulked pump, but it's just different. Right? Not better or worse. Being extra lean versus being extra bulked, just kind of with a certain set of pros and cons, that's for free, sure. But given that I've been nice and strict with my calorie of take so far, I get my very large postwork at meal. So I get really good nuts. At least in terms of not having to feel like I'm scraping around the bottom of the barrel. So a plan is I'm thinking, well, I definitely got to finish off the cubed stakes that got sitting in a little Tupperware that'll make up about 40 grams of protein. So that free cheese, barbecue sauce, sugar-free of course. And then I'll just have to see. I don't just have to see. All these meals are really protein-focused. I mean, I'm never eating anything where the primary macro nutrient is more than the protein. Even just now, I stepped at the Venetian Greengrass, a little pack of beef jerky. I'm not because I'm trying to jump start my metabolic window, my amino acid. But you can't just get that hungry for it. So that adds up to two grams. That's four grams of carbs, and of six grams of carbs, 13 grams of protein. And every time I grab something, every time I'm eating anything, every time I'm having a little snack or rule, a little whatever, it's got to be tracked. It's got to be accounted for. And the reason why I'm going to say to be so strict like that is because if you're not, these numbers fall through the cracks, and the scale will reflect that. Not only that, because sometimes the scale isn't always an indication of your fat loss and your progress, especially as beginner lifter, like re-comping. If you've never worked out before, and you start doing a real, like pretty stringent consistent work at routine, you're going to gain muscle and lose fat at the same time, to an extent. Now that's not like a perpetual state, of course, but it's something that's taken into consideration. So the scale isn't always an indicator of your progress. That's where it's looking at yourself in the mirror and seeing, okay, how am I looking visually? Can someone as being another sort of important vector to watch your progress from? But yeah, I don't think I've ever looked at myself in the mirror, unpumped with this many quad veins before, which is pretty cool for me to be able to say. So I'll get a, got about another two-ish months of being able to joy be in this lean, and then the floodgates will open. But I don't even want to think about that. That'll be for, it'll be for far into the distant future as far as I'm concerned. So playing for the rest of the night, and at this video, post it because I'm on a, I'm not on like a one-day delay. If you're watching this the day, post it at the night, I just did this work out like an hour ago. So tomorrow's video will be a little bit of a follow along to the cardio in the morning to get back on my regular sort of upload style schedule. But we not much else to say. I was talking with some of the guys in there, how about they're getting ready to start spamming some TikTok, trying to get some, and I had some TikToks, some Instagram reels, get the fitness going. I was trying to give them some inspiration, first and little, a little quotes to say. Like imagine if a imagine if a gym had a battle pass that you could actually get it, unlock achievements with, I'm sure we'd see a very different, populous, at least in terms of the younger, can't look characters. But this would be the last time I reference this for at least a couple of days and I'll try to get too repetitive. But with the cardio, man, I know you've got hours spent on your phone doing jack. You know, even if you're not doing jack and you're actually doing some kind of whatever like researching, I say researching, I go and down at you to rabbit hole. It doesn't matter what it could be. Coupling that with some cardio-based activity, not the hardest thing in the world. I'd really freaking recommend it. I just, I just ordered a little stepper, or not a treadmill, a step like a walk, mill on Amazon is a good 50% off thing, so it was like 110 bucks. A little scrappy and I'm getting close to the, to the recommended weight limit of it, but I'm going to see how that works later for tonight. Because I mean, all I need to do is three miles an hour for the hour. So if that, if that works, that will be a little bit of a boost for my routine. Because even though I've got the apartment gym that's close by, it's still a trip to go somewhere to do the cardio. So if you're going to have the cardio equipment at your house, like right there, separate room. I mean, as soon as you wake up, slam an energy, drink, slam a coffee, whatever your thing is. If you're trying to be a little more cost efficient, it gets caffeine capsules. Four cents for 200 milligrams of caffeine compared to like the two bucks that you might be spending on an energy drink. That's a, that's a little Gary V style caffeine hack there. But that's my, that's my sort of idea. So if I've got the treadmill right there, that I can get my ass onto it without even really being fully awake yet. And then those first 10 minutes are really go by like nothing because I won't even, uh, let's still be in the process of waking up. But all that's to say is more cardio, less calories, more leanness. It's hard to argue with that logic, that's for sure, good sure. But tomorrow's going to be a wide back day. Hope we can see some new veins, striations and everything else. But I'm actually looking at back pumps as I get leaner, not as cool as looking at back on pumps. And the reason I say that is because like with a full on back pump, the details of like my lower back in my Christmas tree and the lat tiny and all the fibers, they kind of get lost once they, you know, my back really gets pumped up because the act of pumping up a muscle like that. I mean, sometimes it almost takes away detail. Now it depends on the muscle. A chest pump versus chest un-pumped. I am a pig chest pump every time. But it was something like back in even quad sometimes at hamstrings for sure. And it triceps the little. It's like as they get pumped up all the detail and you know potential feathering and things like that. They start to kind of get lost. So something I consider. I'm really looking forward to the arm day after tomorrow's back day in terms of seeing how my back is looking like lower back, striations, everything else because back double by with an arm pump. That's where it's at. That is where it's at for free, good sure. I think that's all you gotta say. Highly successful chest day with an hour cardio. 30 minutes on like a little bit of a seated kind of elliptical looking thing. And then 30 minutes on a seated bike. Sometimes doing a full hour on one piece of equipment gets a little bit repetitive. So changing up like that is at least it makes it a little bit more interesting because instead of sitting in one place for an hour, that will always sit still for 30 minutes. And then, you know, calm me crazy. But I think this is my it's definitely my fifth. It might even be my seventh time re-watching breaking bad. And I tell you something. I'm not gonna say it gets better every time, but it definitely does not get freaking worse. You know that's uh if you're curious about my thoughts there, I'd say breaking bad is pretty much an ester show. You know, I've still got to watch the wires, they're gonna watch Game of Thrones, they're gonna watch Lost, still got to watch walking dead, still I'm all sorts of stuff. But breaking bad is up there. It's uh and I would say that's pretty uncontested take for sure. But that's uh that's what's gonna be keeping me company for the rest of these hours of cardio, at least until I finish it and then I've got to pick something else. But I think that's all I have man. So I will see you for a back date tomorrow.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 104 - Back - Hefty Sets [V-z7koK01Q4].txt ===

There we go. I'm beginning to suspect that an hour of cardio post workout immediately on the regular hour including the hour of cardio in the morning might be a bit too much. I'm starting to think that I might be creeping myself into over fatigious. And I'm sure someone is going to say, you got damn my talent. Telling you that the whole time. You might be right. But there's a certain value I feel in terms of basically every angle of working out where you know, there is like, okay, this is what everybody says to do. But then there's the knowledge of, okay, I've actually tried this. I've gone through the process of doing this and these were the results that I got. And then adjusting from there. Because what is a study, right? What is a work at a study? It's simply having a couple of guys, you know, more than a couple, but having a handful of whoever, you some shit and then analyzing the results. Why would you not approach your own training with the same mentality of trying things out for yourself, seeing what happens, and then adjusting from there? Because then this isn't a random control group where you need all sorts of different, you know, variables, whatever to come up with a random, like it's an actual, you know, amount of data, which you now can apply to your own training because it's your thing, right? So as far as I'm concerned with all the work and out, the guys who really make it, the guys who, I don't mean make it, the guys who really learn how to kill it are the ones who just adjust their training based on, like, okay, I think this is going to work. I'm going to try this for a few months. I'm going to look at my results and objectively say, All right, have I made progress or have I not? Have I been actually dieting and getting leaner or have I, you know, been having a few too many handfuls of cheese, it's every day, like little things like that. So that's where I think there's a real value when it comes to just straight up, trying new stuff and seeing what happens. But yeah, I think I might tone it back on the cardio just to touch. Because I'm trying to balance two things, you know, like higher energy expenditure every day, right? Burning more calories, doing more cardio with lower calorie intake, right? Bless food. And there's kind of a sweet spot because you don't want to completely starve yourself and then just do no cardio. Like I see a lot of comments like that, where it's, why would I do more cardio if I could just eat less food, right? And there is some value of the argument, but like what are you supposed to do? Each 1500 calories, you know, like totally starve yourself. But then on the other side of things, you're never going to be doing six hours of cardio, right? So somewhere is a little bit of a sweet spot, which depending on the guy, I mean, you might just have to freak it find out. But the hour in the morning, I don't think that's the problem. I think I'm going to go back to my 30 minutes post workout and then no cardio post legs. I definitely think that that might be adding to some of my, you know, some of my perceived exertion, because after a leg damage, a full on hour cardio definitely hits reasonably freaking hard. That is, it's undeniable. But playing for right now, with back, go nuts. I'm talking pull downs, I'm talking rose, I'm talking pullovers, and then everything in between in a couple of different ways. And by the time it's all over, I can guarantee I will have some veins creep in a cross, the side of me creep in a cross at the top to the bottom of me, lower back, your rectors, everything else fancy like that. Assuming I can find some cool lighting, and then 30 minutes on the seat of bike instead of a full on hour, come back home, have some more, have the last half pound of steak that I cooked in the, I'm a table top oven, 400 degrees for just about, I think, 25 minutes, maybe 30 minutes. I'm not really sure the time because I cooked it with, I just put a meat thermometer in one of them, and I left it until it was at, well, I wanted to catch it at 127, but I just played it like following a little bit too long, pull them out when the inside is at about 130. So a little bit more done than I would have liked, but it's still pretty good. And even with no sear, that's kind of the way to do it. I've been such a suvi fan for a while, obviously, the tenderness was there. I think I've been away some time, plus with all the frigging microplastic talks. It might not be the best idea to friggin' boil all these meats and steaks, anything else in the ziplocks, go a little bit more simple with just the convection-based cooking. But I think that's all I gotta say. Before the top of the next hour, I am ready to have a freaky back pump check. So let's just stop talking about it and go make it happen. Let's get straight to business. A heavy, fast, ish, hard set of pull downs. Nothing fancy, no five-second eccentric, what I'm really trying to maximize is my effort on this one. And later down the line of this lift, I'll have some slower, more controlled sets. One more, that was sad. Oh, minimum. And don't be afraid to do a hard set, man. Like that was good. I consider that good stimulation. One more, as a drop set though. All right, let's row something. Good luck starters. Five more to be in too much. Let's see four for this section. That's a good set though. Let's see what we have to do. The seat of rows over there. Oh, that was good. No need for a drop set. Let's do kind of a typical back finisher, which hopefully he already know what it is, but without me saying it. So we can pose down. This is a good back day. Pumped and a jazz. This is right. There are slightly different normal with sort of an easy bar instead of my normal two long de-handles. But this will work too. So I want a big, large stretch up here. And then a good mid-trap full back squeeze at the bottom as I lean back into the flex position. This flex position. Back complete. That's why it's a mere space, God dang it. All right. And with that, back is freaking complete. So let's get a little through the shirt, last sprint, get a little teaser of what we're working with. And then jump straight to the main course. That's a width. That means some freaking width for sure. So let's see how I really like it. I'd post some of the posing routine and stuff, but I kind of wanted to be a little bit of a surprise. So I'm not really going to knock it off a spoiler. Apart from these sort of, you know, more pump check looking chat to here. But we are definitely working with something. Maybe make sure I'm right in the center. Oh yeah. Oh my goodness. Yeah. All this freaking cardio is adding up. This is definitely the most interesting. My lower back has ever looked. Let me get a little bit more right in the line right here. Yeah, there we go. Yeah, see? I can hold a pose, especially a last sprint. I mean, I could sit here for freaking ever. The tricky ones are why I got to sit here in the front. And I really want to keep my waist in control. You know, because even if I'm taking the breath, I don't want my abs to get deflexed. You know what I'm saying there. But let's, let's run through a few more and get rid of the roll. No, I get it. Oh yeah. Oh, that'll be good. So plan for you. Let's jump to the car. Plan for me. Pop a squat on the cardio bike. And only 30 minutes. I feel like I'm taking an easy on myself. But I have said this before. So I'm kind of quoting myself here. I'd rather go too far than not far enough. And I think I, I'd like that sentiment with basically all the training, you know, because I think we're all pretty much well freaking aware. The harder you go, the more results that you will freaking get, right? The more cardio you do, odds are the better your cardio is going to get. The leaner you'll be able to get if you're trying to die it down. The harder that you train, the more effective the training you see on the B, the better results you're going to get. The structure you can do with your diet. And I don't even mean strict in the sense of like no treats. I mean even just strict in terms of like tracking everything and getting a grasp of like what kind of role dieting even has to play. In terms of returning, it's like they're the only reward that you get from taking it easy is the fact that in the moment it's easier. Right? I mean how much easier would it be for me to sit around and do every set that I just did in this workout at half that intensity? Or even like 30% net intensity. And it happens. Like it really pains me to say it and it really hurts for me to see it. But I see junk volume freaking every day, you know? And I'm not, not everybody has to be a freaking like bodybuilder, Jim Rath freak. Obviously not. But if you want results and then you basically just catch yourself slack enough and don't do anything about it, then it kind of sounds like you don't really want those results, you know? And I think that's such a silly and like classic phrase. Like I hate when people say it sounds so pretentious. Here's their go. You don't want to bad enough. But on a real context, like not, I'm trying that to be as meat-headish and lunkish as possible. It's like, the groundwork of gains as complicated as people make it. It's really as simple as diet, training, recovery. So if you can get these three in line or at least up your percentage of like effort and efficacy in a way, I'll have each of them even by a little. And by that I just mean like get a few hours more sleep on average. Drink a few more gallons of water on average, right? Just have a jug of like a freaking get a red zero or something. That still counts as water, man. That's going to add to your fluid and take for sure, as much as people are going to dog on the the sucralose and the ascertain, right? That's whatever floats your boat. And it's like, with the training too, it really turns me off when guys are having such huge back and forth like this. Back and forth like video arguments of reps and reserve and different training styles. You know the training style, it's going to be the best results. The one that you go the hardest with. So like the logic of like, oh should I leave four reps in reserve or should I do five reps in reserve? Or should I do high reps or low reps or high intensity and low frequency or high volume or like dude? I'm not going to say it doesn't matter, but you can take two guys and give them completely different workouts for three months. You give one guy this training routine, give the other guy this training routine. Let's say this has like doubled the volume of sets, but every set is like five reps in reserve. So the overall like workload is even. You know who's going to make the freaking most results? The dude who just trained the hardest and like wanted it the most and wanted to like, exert his will onto every set more powerfully than the other guy. And I know it's like it gets into the cheesiness and kind of a corny like the cornball factor motivation when guys are, you know, doing all the self help like motivation like, oh, do self accountable. But there's a reason why it's corny and cheesy. It's because it gets said so much because it's true. I mean, cliches are cliches because they've got a ton of freaking value so much so that they get over said and repeated to a blivower. You know, so all that's to say is I went stress it so much as like, okay, should I do a 10 second mezzo repy centric triple drop set or, I think you can pick a weight, go hard, get amped up to some attack and trying to opening theme songs, get a pump and go home, man, you know, and then improve your training slowly from there. But I can tell I'm getting into a little bit of a rant. I bet I'm trying to distract myself from doing my cardio. No, no more talking. Let me quit distract him. I'm only going to the bike. I, yeah. So I was about to say that was the quickest 30 minutes of cardio in my freaking life because I've been used to the 60. But also, kind of laughing on this, looking at the comments from the cardio video that I posted yesterday. So I took a rest day two days ago before legs. So the day of the last leg day video, I just recorded that and then posted it on the same day. Usually all this stuff suddenly go one day to leg. So to get back on track of like lift, record it, post it the next day. I recorded the cardio this morning and I didn't say check. I recorded was me sitting on the bike for the hour, pedaling, and then that was it. A little ASMR style. It's kind of funny. But now what you're going to do is get back to the crib. Not spill it, which is something to consider. If you're in the, I don't know if there's a specific name for it. Let's just say the mid, the kind of northeast side of things. It's getting snowy. Rather freaking snowy. We're just cool for me. I like this snow. I'm not talking door and he eats, trudging through it for an hour to get to the dungeon gym, of course. But it makes it nice. If it's going to be cold, I want it to be like scenic, we cold. You know what I'm saying? But style of back day, style of back pump. And I've got a full stomach full of food too. Yeah, I think I might do the arm day tomorrow with the morning cardio. So do arms and cardio early. Just to kind of get a glimpse of a empty stomach kind of post down. Because it really is something to take into consideration. Like not only is your weight going to be different later on of the day, but your midsection too, man. I mean, if you need a good chunk of food, even if it's lower calorie, you still get some food, your stomach. So something to consider, if you want to take some sort of posing shots, maybe in the morning, fast and post cardio with a little bit of extra kind of cardio-conduced pump. That might be your best bet. But either way, back you can come along nicely, waste tapering down, and more vein, and some kind of sensations and little separations are just coming slowly, but freaking, surely. So now all you gotta do is go home and chill. It needs a food, not over-eat, of course, which is definitely easier, set than done, and then that'll be it. So I'm getting excited for tomorrow's arm day. I'm definitely going to do it a superset style. Try-sipset biceps, try-sipset biceps, so I finish arms with a complete arm pump, which I'm kind of most concerned with right now, because when I'm bulking up, many crazy amount of food, I mean, I'm pumped for a while. If I finish my chest day and then drive home for 20 minutes, I'm still kind of pumped, at least like reasonably, from that whole period of time, because of full, you know, full of carbs and glycogen and everything else, freaking, circle plasm, but died it down, and those glycogen stores are a little bit lower, a little bit more depleted and flat. I could be fully pumped, and then 15 minutes of chat and goes by, what happened? Where'd all my blood go? And maybe not that seriously, but something to take in consideration, and even just in general, sometimes I feel kind of bad when I'm working out with some guys that I'm buddies with, because I've got a habit of chatting when I'm dead. When my lift is complete, I do not mind hanging out, kind of bouncing around, falling, falling, whoever doing their lift, chatting with them, between their sets. A little hypocritical, because I don't really like that. When I'm working out, I want to be working out, and kind of just chatting on my own pace. But, yeah, trying out to get caught. Because if you're mid-chast, you know, let's say your foreset's deep, you got another three or four heart sets left, and then, you know, somebody grabs you, and they're really, they're really holding onto you, like not letting you sort of escape. You've taken your few steps backward, your hand is on the machine, you're about to use, sometimes you just got to start the set, man. You know, it's as tricky as in my sound, just a, you know, quick little put up pin in it. All right, let me have my set, and I want to hear more, and get back to it. Because I mean, five minutes, when it comes to rest periods, like, like, how bounce around? You know, some days I'll have a little quicker pace lift. Like, today it was definitely a little faster pace, especially on the sets that were on the same machine. Like, between those sets of hold-outs, maybe a minute, a minute, a half or so, and then a little longer when I have to move, pick a new machine, loads of new weights, but five minutes, you know, it depends on your state, of course, because obviously, when I'm bolted up doing like squats or leg press, I'm in the set for a few minutes. Like, five minutes to reoxygenate, and can't let get myself back together to do another one. That's a bit more normal, right? But regular kind of sets, you know, your regular working sets, nothing too, like dramatic, you know, central nervous system, destroying like squats or leg press or anything like that. Then I probably wouldn't want to exceed more than kind of two and a half. Just because, not for any arbitrary kind of reason, but by the time I've caught my breath, I can tell that whatever muscle I just hit is ready for another hard set. That's usually my cue to hit another, you know, some guys like having a timer, I see some dudes, they got their phone out, it's like, okay, set is over, lap the time, okay, 45 seconds. Do another one. Which is totally cool. I mean, if that's your approach and you give yourself like a minute rest, and then you're doing a set right then, as long as you still take that set to failure, like, I mean, you're cool. Whatever constraints you give yourself for the workout, like, okay, I want to do one minute rest periods, a little bit faster pace workout. Let's go. Okay, I want to give myself one like two and a half minutes, really try to, you know, up the intensity of each set, let myself recover a little bit more, between, that's kind of the main differentiator between, like, a higher volume, and like, a higher intensity, quote unquote, workout, could potentially just be the rest periods, but as long as you're overall effort is there, then you're good, you know, if you can leave the gym or during your post-down, you can tell just by like, you're subjective feeling of whatever you just worked, like, okay, I pushed it, I'm pumped. I know I pushed it. And I didn't leave that much in the tank. You're golden. Nine out of ten times, if you can say you pushed it, even if some of your preparation was off, even if you didn't get as much sleep as you may wanted, you were potentially a little underfed, under hydrated. If each lift for the most part, right, above on average, you know you actually pushed it, then things are just going to start to fall into place, you know? Like, as much value as there is, and really trying to optimize your routines and everything else, who's going to get better results? The guy who just kills it on the regular, or the guy who's a little bit more lackluster, but he's, you know, doing the most scientifically studied and, you know, currently optimize routine that there ever was, but not going as hard. And I don't mean to say that those two situations can't overlap, right? Obviously, just train really hard, and use the most up to date science. You know, some guys really love to optimize it like that, and keep up with all the newest literature and everything else, and there's no dog and all that. That's what gets them excited, because you want to work on optimize your routine, improving it, and you want to do it in such a way that it's interesting for you. And fun. Yes, I'm in complete freaking agreement, you know? Like, working out if you can't have fun with it, and you can't feel like you're working at it, because you want to, and it feels like a chore, what are the odds you're going to keep doing it, you know? There is no necessity of working out, at least none that really is going to force you to do it, like a regular kind of chore, you know? Like, unless you're in high school, when your mom's doing your laundry for you, if you're doing it on your own, you've got to do your laundry, you've got to do your dishes, you've got to keep everything reasonably clean, and those are the chores you have to do, right? If you want to keep yourself in a reasonable kind of living environment, you know? But there's no force that makes you work out. Now, later on down the line, you're probably going to regret it if you didn't have a work to everything, and everybody's been there. But in the moment, there is no driving force apart from your own desire to go to the gym of work out, to make you do it. You know, we don't have like a social credit score based thing, where you get extra points for exercise, or hours, clock, of cardio. Now, do I think that would be a good idea? Potentially so, more certainly, but that's not even getting any kind of social, or fitness credit score kind of kind of, kind of talks now. But it really is the situation where it's like, if you can have fun with what you're doing, you're going to go harder. So, whether you want to work out a little more gruntish, keep it basic, curls, barbell, cable, everything else, like, you know, don't over-complicated with all sorts of fancy kind of sets, and just focus on your overall, Brent, you know, horse cock and Eric Boog and Hagen style, effort, bad freaking ass, or if you want to approach things a little bit more methodically and be able to explain the reason and why you're doing every set in a very particular kind of fancy pants, sort of way, and still, kill it, then you're going. But the killing at portion, that's ubiquitous. It's kind of the equalizer of all routines and approaches to physical training, you know, because there really is no getting around the harder you go, the better you'll do. And that's with anything. So, next time you're next time you're dogging on somebody for doing a set where it's maybe not your exact company, but see, you're a, you know, you're a more ego-lifterish kind of, you know, hard, heavy, whatever, and you're watching a guy do a, like a slow, eccentric set of something. Do not look at that and think, oh, that's a stupid, that's a stupid style of set of rules. Because if the guy kills it and goes to legit failure, and you can tell, and that's a bad set. And vice versa, you know, if you're a little bit more, you know, you can't end up shirt tucked in with a bow tie, kind of young, young, young style with your training. And you watch a dude do a little bit of swinging, you know, potentially body language style set of, like, easy bar curls, but same situation. I think the guy's actually killing it. He's going to failure. He's got his body helping him with some assisted reps at the end. Even if the set is a little bit more nasty, and not exactly your forte, if the effort is there, there's nothing to dog on. It's simply a, you know, a disagreement of approach. But the guys who go to the hardest, the most consistently. And guess what, they're going to be the biggest, or they're going to be the least, or they're going to be whatever vector progress that we're aiming for, because overall, time, times, effort, equals, gains. Now, you know, time, consistent time, right, lifting on the regular. But, I'm getting out there, you go hard, and if you ever catch yourself slack, and give yourself sort of proverbial slap on the wrist, and think, what the, what the frick man, what the frick are you doing, come on, get real. And then, that is probably a good time for a F-bomb, but I'm trying to, I'm trying to reduce those. I definitely try to reduce the F-bombs. But, I think that's all I gotta say. I can tell I'm running low on blood sugar, not in a dangerous kind of way, but maybe just a little bit of a brain foggy, just kind of way, so, time to get a meal in me, shower off, go to bed, fall on a sleep to a true crime documentary. I love, I've been going through those, like freaking, well, you go and say it. So, either way, I'll see for arms tomorrow.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 105 - Simple Arm Pump Only 2 Movements [GL9O8E9Xrgo].txt ===

Alright, I've got two descriptors for this lift with some post-lift cardio, or at least the day that it's being done on, and it is bright and freaking cold. I'm talking a nice cool six degrees, not Celsius either. I'm talking, I'm talking freedom units, Fahrenheit. So usually the glasses during the video, I can't feel like a chump, but I got to be able to see here. It's getting hit with those UV rays a little too hard. But, plan for arms, a little bit more of a simple lift, because this is a little more of a simple gym. Cables, dumbbells, not so many of uh, not so many of the works with like, dip machines or anything fancy like that, but it's mean really. If you give me a cable set up and adjustable one where I can actually move the handle up and down, a reasonably or even just like a normal weighted stack, I mean, I'm basically set, you know, like I wouldn't want only that sort of equipment of my disposal, like forever, you know, like a freaking, uh, preacher bench, I do want to kind of bounce around there. But, anytime I've had like a hotel gym lift or anything like that, where all I had access to was some cables, even just a basic de-handle. I first single arm push downs and single arm curls. I mean, it's pretty much perfect because that's really all you're picking arms you're doing. You know, I mean, obviously I want to get an overhead stretch on my tricep regular style loading with a, you know, like a normal push down, some kind of spreading kind of work with like a rope, dipping action. Like all those are definitely hitting your triceps in different ways for sure. But, I mean, biceps, I would say they're way simpler here to here with load, of course. So, of course, you can buy a different portions and, you know, have more of a stretch focus lift with like a preacher or more of a squeeze focus set with like a cable curl. But for the most part, I mean, you're really just going through that motion with load and that's on your bicep. No, so you're trying to set me up. No, because it can't really tell the difference on like muscle fiber by fiber basis of like holy crap. This guy's hitting me with a preacher curl. He's freaking shocking the muscle here. I've never felt this kind of stimulation before, you know, not so much, right? So what I'm getting at is not to say, don't change it up. Don't do different movements. But, I apologize. This is the first sort of excursion of the day. But if all you've got access to is some simple ship, it doesn't mean that your gains are now limited, man. I mean, I had, I've gone through, I don't know about years at a time, but like, you know, month long, stints back at home, especially kind of right around 2020 COVID sort of era, whatever, when everything was closed and all those working out with was set of dumbbells. I had a rack in the basement with weights in an adjustable bench. So definitely better than most, I think in terms of the home gym, stock,ness, which I was definitely spoiled with. But the cable just an overhead thing where you tie weights to the bottom and sort of work it like this. And I mean, those were some of my best freaking lifts, not to say they're, you know, magically better than the ones I do now. But they were just good. I hit the muscles I was taking my nap, stimulated growth, got to poke, have to try to keep the pre-work out. And then the lighting was actually kind of freaky down there too because I put these sort of LEDs strip lights, like all in a row, right in the middle. So I wanted to say I got to go back there for, you know, parents home, gym style lift for next arm day. If anything, just for the stout just sick. But as long as your curl and hard and you're pushing down hard and you've finished your day with a good arm pump, I tell you in the brain, man. You didn't. So that's where I'm more concerned with how hard are the sets that you're doing, rather than what exact sets are you doing. You know, kind of repeating myself here. But if someone were to, you know, point somebody out who was lifting and ask me to critique what they were doing. Unless they were doing something like blatantly funky and weird, like, are really kind of Arnold press into side lateral, whatever. Like if they were just doing basic stuff, then my sort of number one kind of factor that I'm looking at to, you know, sort of judge like, all right, is this guy killing it? Or is he, you know, probably not doing as much as he should? It's not like the exact perfect, you know, form and execution of the set. It's how hard is he going? Now, of course, there's a limit to how funky you're doing with your form. You know, I'm talking, especially in any kind of compound lifts, like swaths, bench, things where you really loading up here sort of whole system. Obviously, your form's going to play a big part of just your safety. But with, you know, curls and push-ups and things like that being a little funkier for the sake of maximizing your intensity, I'm totally cool with it. But obviously, that's within reason, you know. And this is coming from me where if you look back at the tricep days or the arm days, like a year and a half ago, especially on triceps, my execution of these sets are very different. And it's not for no reason, like, you know, people told me to do it like this and now I do. It's especially with like the rope. Like, if you find a clip of me doing rope extension, it's more than a year and a half ago versus the way I'm going to do it today, night and freaking dead. To the point where like, if you had, um, if you had just like a CGI model of like my anatomy doing the sets, you probably won't even think it was the same freaking dude because of how much I was just totally missing out of the stretch position and not holding the squeeze as much. No, I felt like I was going hard. But that's a perfect example of an instance where me working on my form, I feel like, has improved my tricep training pretty substantial. But no more chat, let's just get this pre-workout consumed and get this actual workout for people to be gone, starting with a set of probably real push downs if you like, yes, yes. All right, so it's slightly unspoken about, uh, benefit of dieting this hard is a weaker. I don't know I'm moving around as much weights. That's not a problem. All that means is I don't have to spend as long warming up because I'm doing, doing 80 pound of rope extensions. Like my triceps, my whole 10 nins and everything else from, you know, bulking up their use to lifting in much more, like physically I could load, I don't know how much weight. But all that's to say is like when I'm bulking up, I'm going to work my way up the whole stack, you know, five reps, give it a second, five more, give it a second, five more until I'm up to my working weight. But now, working weight just isn't that high, same thing with the curls, but I'm still going to little half here on the curl. So I did some, I did some warmups over there, 30s for a few, 40s for a few, and then ready for some 45s. So this time today's going to be tricep bicep supersets. So, you know, I don't need to rush and like completely sprint from the rope to the preacher, but I'm going to rest in between once the two sets are complete. So this first kind of pairing, light squeezing tricep, and I really want to kind of feel it the whole time. Because sometimes I'm going to say it's okay to do a nasty set. Like yesterday's back day, when I started with heavy lap pull downs, like it's not like I was throwing the weight around too hard, but I was definitely doing quicker reps. So I wasn't feeling that sort of slow, kind of burn, sort of squeeze kind of a teag, that I'm going to feel right now with this slower set, same kind of approach with the with the preacher. But this will be the first pairing. I'll probably do maybe, I'll just have to see. If this clicks, like if for whatever reason, this rope followed by those single-inpreacher curls just feels absolutely perfect, and I can tell I'm going to be completely pumped at the end of it. I can see myself just going back and forth between two movements for all six or seven sets that I end up doing. But I'm not like locked into that idea, right? I'm just saying I'm open to it. So after the first two, I'll probably know if I want to move on to something else or just keep these going. But no more chatin, let's get some attack on tight and opening songs playing and give myself hands up. Aw, these, Okay. It's I first with these. Hey shelters. Oh. No. No. No. Yeah. No. No. Oh. Oh. Oh. ooh nah nah nah nah nah Yeah, my left biceps the little head of the game. So I'll do the right one first and then match the reps and the left. But this feels good. Let's repeat this a couple more times. I might go one notch heavier on the rope, but yeah, I think we're going to sit here for minimum two more. I'll just go from there. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my God. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my gosh. Oh. Let's just keep doing these. I picked a good, I picked a good little pair of Swiss. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No! No! No! No! No! No! Alright. I think I might have actually called it. I'm just going to, not just to these two movements today. These are really clicking. So, what is what? Three? Probably two, three more of these. I mean, pomp-wise? Or definitely attract to something. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. No. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If this next set is good, I think that's going to be Aussie wrote only a five set arm day pump. Which... Don't forget, this is not a bulking building new tissue workout with, you know, a million-frican-excess-calories. This is me getting the solid pump. Good muscular stimulation on what I would call reasonably substantial deficit. You know, so it's definitely something to take into account in terms of what your workouts are kind of like. Because obviously, if I was eating 5,000 calories, I'd be curled a bit heavier, pushing a bit heavier, and probably doing a bit more sets because it has more muscular endurance. But one more? Spine some lighting, and it will help them to see the mic. Who? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Yeah. Arms are freaking dumb. So only 5 working sets really doesn't take too freaking much, at least, you know, given the circumstances. So let's just see how it will look at it. Honestly, this is definitely up there in terms of overall kind of quality of pump. As any of my freaking recent lifts have been, which is pretty cool for me. Especially again, and this is like an early lift. I don't really eat too many calories today anyway. But let's, let's get right in the line, like, yeah, yeah. Now that's extra cool right here. Honestly, that's like, I don't think I've ever seen how much brachialis separation on myself before. Yeah, all the crap. This diet is freaking working. Oh, geez. Oh, man. And then a little side tries to, for the road. I can barely reach around to grab my opposite freaking hand. Yeah, we go. We're getting somewhere. We are most certainly getting somewhere. But I think that's all she wrote for arms. So now I get to, well, okay, I'm not leaving yet. Let's get a most muscular out of here. Okay. Whoa, man. Dude, deficit plus pumped plus a breath holdy flex. I've been making myself lightheaded. I get to be careful. If you've ever done that before, you know the feeling, because you're kind of, whoa. And I guess if I actually didn't freaking pass out, I'd have to leave it in. I wouldn't just, you know, clip it so I'm going to try my best. Not to do that. But for you, let's see what in the car? For me, I'm going to camp out. Right there. I'm going to be staring at that screen for the next half hour. But I'll see you in the camera. All right. So I get this question every so often. Enough where I think it warrants a little bit of a deeper explanation on my end. And it's, you know, it's kind of just as basic as what am I doing all this for? What's the point of all this working out? Where's the point of all this bulk and up and cutting down? And everything else is like, is it purely because you want to be a competitive bodybuilder? Is it because you want to, and I mean, yeah, like that's going to be cool. But it's kind of just as simple as I like it. You know, I mean, this is my thing. I can work on it pretty consistently. I mean, actually, like, very consistently on the daily getting into twice daily. Now with the cardiovascular session, the workout session. And it's like progressing at a man, you know. That's like asking the bird-wise flies. Man, it's just what he's made to do. So the whole process, they're just getting bigger, walking around like it. I just like the whole thing. That's the cool part, you know. So that's what's getting the extra excited about once this dieting phase is over. Because I'm not really, you know, it's not like I'm not making progress right now. I'm like getting a leaner that is definitely a vector of progress for sure. But it's the building up of size that I really like. Like the dieting phase almost feels like a break from the bulk as it were. You know, in the pursuit of size, there's in the necessity to sometimes set up camp and kind of reset your system as it were. Which is kind of what the dieting phases are. Like in terms of overall kind of like stress on my whole system, the dieting phase is chill. I mean, I'm not as inflamed as I am as when I pull a food and you know, really kind of tackle on size and kind of constantly putting myself into a state of growth. Like all the extra cardio too. I mean, this is a much more relaxed state. Even though I'd feel a little more of the tharject from, you know, doing all the cardio and being in a deficit. Like this is definitely kind of a break from all the stresses of actual like, you know, muscle gaining. And then eventually, I'll reach a point where I can say, alright. This is big enough. I'm at a size that I like. I want to float around here for the next however long. And then, you know, go from there and stay at a baseline level of leanness for, you know, however long. I like. And that's in the distant freakin future, you know, because there's, I'll see all sorts of comments now. I mean, I forever, right? It's like, why would you want to bulk up if you're just going to have to cut down later? And it's, I mean, it's just a nature of trying to get this big, you know, and over time, it is a gradual game because I really don't think main gaming is something you can do indefinitely. I think main gaming is sick in the beginning. Like as a beginner, lifter, you do not need a bulk. You do not need like a hardcore 7,000 calorie. Not man. Each approach team. How many pounds you weigh is how many grams you should eat? Literally only do that as your macro tracking in the beginning before you really start to lock into it. And then just lift, you know, your body will regulate your calorie intake by eating when you're hungry. And then you're going to gain muscle for quite a while. I'm talking months on end, right? Beginner gains are the best because all you got to do is lift, hit your protein, and you're good. Now over time, it gets a bit more complicated than you really get a kind of dial again. But at the beginning, the only macro I'd say you really need to be counting is that protein side of things. Now, if the beginning of your lifting journey is a fat loss, you know, transformation, then that's a little bit different, right? You get a, you know, maybe try to limit yourself a little bit, potentially add in some extra cardio compared to the next guy. But still simple enough at the beginning. But over time, I do think there's a limit to that main gaining sort of stimulus because, I mean, it's happened everybody. There's a, I'd say there's a pretty substantial percentage of lifters out there, where they've been at a main gaining effort level. And what I mean by that is like, they still work out hard consistently. But they're not eating a ton of food outside of, you know, what they regularly kind of consume, like they're not really kind of leverage their diet towards, you know, more progress. And it's like they go to the gym every day. They get their pre-work out, they get their creatine, they get their whatever they're eating. Probably maybe even doing their cardio too. But if you're not fueling your system enough to give yourself that extra surplus of energy to build new muscle tissue, then you're kind of leaving games on a table for not that much extra work. So when I'm getting out there is, I really think there's a massive sort of, pool of untapped muscle, which could be built purely by a little bit of extra effort outside the gym. The problem is it's not as fun, right? Working on, working on, you know, working out outside of the gym is sometimes a little trickier for people because it's outside of the gym, you know, it's like that's your regular life. And then you get your gym life where you're actually in the gym, doing your workout. But there's a lot of gains to be had there. So if you can leverage your diet and combine it with some consistency on that diet, you know, if you're trying to bulk up, make sure you actually do hit your 3500 calorie per day goal. Or if you're trying to cut down, save yourself, save yourself the trouble of having to say crap. This diet was a bust and don't have too many insane off the wall 5000 calorie cheat days. You could have some, just not that you can't have a ton. You know, you can have like maybe one or two a month. But, you know, it's just a delayed gratification type situation, you know? So the guy who can lock into a diet for three months is going to have the results that lock into that diet, and it's kind of as simple as that, right? It takes what it takes. So if you can increase some cardio, decrease your calories, keep working out like normal, guess what? You're going to get lean. I can guarantee and freaking teet. So all that's left for you to do is download that macro tracker app and get to it. But for me, I got a throw away a bunch of cardboard boxes and we got piled up on a highway office. I have some ground beef. I actually know have some, make some ground turkey. And that's some ground beef with some lettuce with some fat free cheese with some low sugar barbecue sauce. And then I could see taking an app. I could force see taking an ice-posed workout in app. So I think that's not like I got the same in. Day at 105 under the books. I can't remember. Day 102 something. We're getting closer to the end than we are to the beginning. We're past the halfway point now. So I will see you for legs tomorrow. I'm going to get a good night's freaking rest.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 106 - All Time Leg Veins PR [1jqe1G3_q0c].txt ===

Alright, it's 2. And now not 2 in the morning it's actually, it's actually 7 o'clock. It's 2 freaking degrees. I'd say something, that's 2 cold for me. I'm, uh, I gotta start actually really bundling up or running down the steps, starting the car, then going back and on my pre-workout stuff ready. So I get into it, it's already kind of pre-heated a little bit, because I'm talking like numb fingers, and I'm only a bit in here for like three freaking minutes. But certainly non-optical that cannot be overcome simply, uh, simply a discomfort style situation. But plan for tonight's leg day. I think I'm gonna go a little easier on hamstrings. I might get hamstrings a little bit of a break today, because I'm doing a lot of seated bike right, and that definitely gives me a little bit more hamstring activation that I might have guessed. And maybe it's just something that I did, but like I can tell today just kind of based on a flexing sort of feeling situation. My hamstrings feel a little more tender than my quads. They're not sore by anything. It's like I'm not walking around my quads, my anise. But definitely a little bit more tender than completely perfectly well rested. So my my today a little more quiet focused, which is not a problem for me. His element really aimin' for is a full on leg pump. Overall kind of leg stimulation, some ad dr. work, some calf work, make sure everything's still flowing, and just trying to hold onto as much beef as possible underneath. As I peel off the, uh, the adipose, fat tissue layer on the outskirts. Yeah, I did, um, so sometimes in the morning when I go to my cardio and the, um, at the apartment gym, I'll just walk, so I'll kind of double up with like a long johns kind of layer, then sweatpants, t-shirt with it sweatshirt. So I really just get extra kind of drenched afterwards, but it was, uh, obviously nothing like the clips of, um, of Ronnie Coleman when he's walking around of those yellow tights, where you can see, I mean, even as well, look like these get the legs of a horse with his veins kind of all over his quads and everything else. But I was getting my own little hint to that because I could sort of see a couple of quad veins through the, uh, the long johns kind of tights between me feel pretty cool. But hopefully we get a little bit more of that now, and even just walking around, I've kind of just got quad veins now, but it's nothing compared to where they're fully pop. So I'm sure it's going to be a pretty large discrepancy in terms of veinyx, you know, vein, of viability in about maybe an hour or so from now, it's really not going to take too long, because I'm not doing any crazy heavy squats or crazy heavy leg press. Mainly leg extensions is my primary quad movement right now. Kind of similar to triceps, how I'm doing a lot more like lighter, squeezing kind of sets, because I may even for stimulation, you know, not complete kind of bulking annihilation, which is a, you get a little bit more of a buffer in terms of your recovery ability, you know. But all that's to say is I can guarantee that within about 60 minutes from once I'm parked and walking my buddy into the gym, I'm going to have a reasonably freaky quad pump, and then I am going to be ready for a good night's rest tonight. I think the house started to organize my little office space. I've still got a couple of extra boxes of like shelves and stuff I got to undo, so, yeah, probably not gonna do that tonight, I'll probably save that for, but we see it every tomorrow. But as a wait for the candy in the kidney, let's just get ready for this like that. Let's just jump straight to business. So I can't doubt on the ad-doctor machine a little bit. Nothing crazy, just like five or six sets of like eight reps of the stack. And I don't mean to start like the flex, like just kind of a basic wait, don't hook yourself, but I like doing that pre-handstrings, just kind of feels a little better, but let's start off like half a stack here, and really squeeze the top of these. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Who? You want to die? Very reminiscent of twice every extensions with a good hold on top. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. Oh, yeah. Who? One more thing. And then I've got a plan for how I wanted to change it up. Same machine, different execution. Yeah. No. No. No. No. No. No. Oh. Let's change up the style. Some single-linked alternate work instead of double-light. So same basic style, but now five reps on the left, five on the right, just alternate, until hamstring destruction. And very light. This is less weight than what I was just doing double-light combined on the 40 counts. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. I think one more though, some metal be in for hamstrings. I do not mind keeping this lift simple, given all a million before it's stimulation, and it's a big, much lower. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 107 - Chest [BIgGLZ-vkS0].txt ===

I think I might have lied. I am not a huge fan of the cold. This is good to be a little bit too much. I usually am one to say I am a little bit more indiscriminate with the weather. But one freaking degree, zero actually no. This is negative degrees. Celsius, I don't really know the exact number. But yeah, this is too much. This is a little bit too freaking cold. I think I draw the line where I am going to have to start wearing two jackets and two layers of pants minimum before not even a walkin' outside but just getting into the freaking car. Oh my goodness. But within the next 15 minutes but it's time to get to the gym. I will have warmed up. The heaters will have done their jobs and I will have again to drink the pre. And some kind of caffeine, amplification, hype and really just freaking concentrated pumpability improved so by the time I actually get there I will be perfectly warm for this chest day. Which I wanted to be first. Usually I am one to say cardio in the morning, lift in the evening. But dieting down I am certainly a little bit of a lift first and then cardio in the right now I have still got a post lift cardio. Like after this chest day is done I will do my 30 on the seated bike but that is not really too tricky. Honestly the cardio post workout feels easier than the cardio on its own. Oh, look at this. Because it is like I have already built up some momentum of having already broken the sweat. It will pre workout. It just feels like a matter of course that pop a squat on the bike and have a little bit of cardio activity. But in terms of what this chest day is going to look like, nothing wild, cable work, a lot of squeezing, a lot of very controlled, methodically executed reps. Since there is definitely something to kind of a faster pace just straight up hard set heavy weights to failure really leveraging the amount of tension that your chest is feeling. But right now it is not what I am aiming for. I need a few things out of this chest. I need a pump. I need a reasonable amount of weight exposure. Like I don't need to bench 4 plates on Smith. My 3 is definitely my limit right now in terms of his heavies I could probably go as well as not pushing myself into the danger zone of pulling anything which if I trained in more of a powerlifting manner I would have a different take. Like obviously if somebody does wonder if max is all the time they are used to it. That is kind of the training style that they are used to. It is when you are doing more bodybuilding weight based workouts of the regular and then out of nowhere you go for that 1 grip max and you hurt yourself not going for a good. So that is part of the reason why you are never going to see a same solic 1 grip max out squat bench deadlift. For one it doesn't give me any gains and also the risk to reward ratio is simply not in my favor you know what I am saying. So that is where I am under the impression there. I am of the opinion that the 10 rep max should be given much more respect than height because going for 10 rep weight max is pretty much perfect. Is you break new ground. You do something you have never done before. You have the gentlemanly hidden a new personal record and that set is stimulated towards giving you more goals in the future. Like anytime anybody ever goes for a wonder of max of bench it is just not really like you don't get anything out of it. It is simply a test of where you are out of that current moment. Whereas trying to do a weight you have never done before for those 10 reps let's say even if you hit 9 and you are not fucking okay no way. That is still a good set that is going to be gains and do some. I mean doing one rep max is apart from the like the central nervous system training of exerting your system that hard you don't really get much out of it. I mean most of the strength that even the power of the sugar is building. It is not from their one rep max outs like a 95 or like a 100% full on max day. It is from all the slightly higher volume work the 5x5 or the 3x3 is the 532 or whatever. That is what I am more interested in. It is cool as it is looking at myself all extra lean now. I guess you could say the leanness is almost like the competition side of things about building as a one rep max would be for a power lifter. It is cool as it is now. This is a new ground. I have always been this big. I am not breaking into any new muscular range of realms. I have already built this muscle up all I am doing is simply revealing it. It is not like just looking at the end results shouldn't get you as excited I feel as how excited you should be about what actually gets you towards that end or so. What I am trying to get out and kind of around about way here is as crazy as a big set is if you can get amped up by really pushing it on regular volume based work. Every time you have a crazy working set that gets you excited. That is a much better situation to be in because then you are getting all these dopamine releases and hype kind of adrenaline. From what is actually going to give you the results that you want. As much hype as you know whatever is the risk to actually craft you to get an adventure PR. It is like what did you really do? You showed how much you could do this current moment but it is not really working up towards anything over time. That is kind of my thought process on the manner. So I don't mind if I end up doing 30 pound cable flies for a set of 20 because all I am aiming for is chest stimulation blood flow and a freaky, viny, grainy. Any other kind of weird around to that pump at the end of it. 30 minutes of cardio to finish before coming home for some kind of protein heavy lunch. I went classic this morning of having a hankering for just a buttered bagel. So at the cost of 40 grams of carbs, 10 grams of fats. Still weighting anything out of course. I get to go a little classic with breakfast rather than the eggs and salad cheese mix that have been doing. So not all meals have to look like that but anytime I break away into more kind of conventional just food usually it comes to the cost of all right that was a pretty decent hit towards my calorie count for the day. I gotta take that with no count. At least I got my bagel hankering out of my system. Now I can tell I'm just freaking rambling. How about I thought we just get in there and get this just a started? Let's start a little heftier. An exactness predicted three plates is the limit. Then keep that out of mind I'll smell criay from it. Yeah. Yeah. Probably just one more. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One more. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my gosh. Let's get some people working. Oh, crap. Three plates is not supposed to feel like that. Let's see some bent overflies. Not super slow. A little more brutish. And then probably either the next day or the one after. Well, look very different in terms of its execution. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One more just like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's fine. It's a good lighting. There we go. All the good lighting spots are taken by yoga classes. Don't think I'll get a freaking pose down. That's kidding. This is a cool spot in here too. But three sets of pretty heavy incline Smith. I'm kind of surprised I could even still throw that way around and have it feel so good. But surprised in a good way. Right. Didn't overdo it. I think that was just about the limit of good, hard, heavy stimulation without creeping into the range of potential injury. That is, that's the side of the spectrum. I want to stay as far as possible away from like as much as my goal is every lift. Go hard. Get a crazy pump. Equally valuable to those two if not maybe even more important. Don't hurt myself. Because that's just taken maybe not even two. I could say even upwards of like three steps back compared to tweaking your stuff or pulling something. Me and just sucks. And that's something which unfortunately I've had a learn from experience. But still learned either way. So let's see how we're looking at. This is with a reasonably empty stomach. Nothing like a real depleted completely like, well, I think I said another exact word, a perfect depleted. But. Holy crap. Even just sitting there holding the flex like that. It's making me lightheaded. All right. Well, chest pumped shoulders are even feeling pretty freaking angular. And this is with no shoulder pump whatsoever. Just the residual shoulder activation that comes with like doing pressing and flies. So. Honestly, that's probably the craziest part of this right here. Even with a chest pump. My shoulders are still kind of maybe not totally dominating, but they're definitely. They're definitely good with their ad. So as I get leaner and excited to see. I touch more shoulder striations, but even just the current state of things. I am feeling pretty good about that. Whoa, let me get one more of those. Oh, my God. All right. So for you, let's get in the car. But for me, I have got 30 minutes on. Not sure if I want to do the seated bike or the seated elliptical. I guess I'll tell you which one I picked. I think I forgot the scale of just how freaking cold it is right now. Didn't everybody. I didn't even realize it's freaking snowing and Florida as well. Oh, my goodness. So you guys know what I'm talking about. Yeah, being cold, not the most fun thing in the world. But that was good lift. I ended up doing the peddler kind of. It's like, I mean, really it's like the seated bike in the elliptical. Somehow had a mutated kind of bit of offspring, Xenomorph style, because you're seated. Like, I'm not standing on the elliptical like foot pads, but I'm still getting a little bit of like that paneling action. Either way, that's just, you know, me saying that I liked it. So 30 minutes there, I'll have another 30 on the seated bike later tonight, which I kind of, yeah, I sort of like this lift early and then cardio in the evening kind of approach. Because I'll get to the point where I'm kind of just like ready to do something, because I'm so used to the late night lifts anyway. So, I mean, by the time it's like five o'clock or six or so, I'm eating some food. I'm going to set it around a little bit. I'm kind of just going to have a little bit of an itch to get something going. So, plus I'm going to be playing on my phone anyway. The 30 minutes of cardio, not the trickiest thing in the freaking world. Let's say you're one. But it's too soon to really tell how I'm adjusting to back and off on the cardio a little bit. Because I think the two hours a day was a little much. So, I'll see over the course of the next few just how. Just how things change. But still getting steadily in leaner. I even just like laying down in bed. I can see way more quad veins just all over the place. And we're definitely on track to something which, you know, forget man. This is a freaking long game. You know, there is no kind of instant whatever. I, I want to be too repetitive. But one workout, one day of dieting, one day of locking in. It doesn't add up to much, right? It's really just a drop in the bucket. You know, but if you've ever dealt with a leak. Those drops add up and before you know it, dude. Your gym has a big ass nasty five kelom. Low's bucket of rain and whatever they came from the ceiling. And somebody's got to deal with it. Not me, of course. I was just the one lifted there. But I mean it happens, right? So, I see it today. I mean, it's, it's, I meant to ask this guy just because I was kind of curious. But, I don't know how to, I don't want to like invade space, whatever. But, if you go to the same gym for long enough, you see the same people. And if you're at least like a little receptive to your environment. These changes are noticeable. I mean, I've seen this same dude on the, I know the elliptical that he likes because he's on it all the time. He is substantially leaner than a couple of years ago. And I mean, like probably two-ish or three. Like the guy looks like he's down 60 pounds. Yeah, that's the only one that really kind of pops in the mind right now. But I don't even know the dude. You know, I, I see him come to the gym a lot. I never talk. And he has made some pretty substantial gains in terms of, I guess he can say, losses, right, and fat losses. And people notice that even if they're not right, and you'll be a bit of a circle or so. But it takes a while, you know. Everybody would love the end result of, Yeah, I wouldn't mind being 20 pounds a layer. Or I wouldn't mind getting, you know, usually people don't think of it like that and they'd say things like, I wish I could lose my love handles or I could feel you know, I could fit into a certain size jeans. Like I used to. Like that's usually kind of people's measurements of like fitness progress. But, you know, any version of that, which fits, you know, whoever sort of thought process everybody would hit that button, you know. If I could lose an extra 50 pounds instantly, me being like somebody who's got an extra 50 pounds of loose odds are, I'd say, I'd say, I'd say, I'd say, I'd say pretty dang close to 100% of people. At least up in the 90s are going to say, they, holy crap, a 180 again. Nice. But, you know, if you, if you add the terms and conditions into that equation and you say, I mean, you can lose a hundred pounds this year. And that's not unfathomable. That's definitely like you're locked in. But a hundred pounds in here has been done. I mean, I get to see a lot in all my, like I see a lot of tagged posts on Instagram, and guys show off pictures of their cardio and like, this was me last year. This is me this year. Like frankly, that's a lot more impressive to me than just like, you know, a couple of pounds of muscle gain. Because anybody can gain some muscle, you know. Just by adding working out to your routine, you're going to start to beef up a little bit. But there is no getting around blocking in if you're trying to get leaner. So what I'm, but what I was kind of getting that was a hundred pounds in a year. Dude, everybody would hit the button to say, I want to lose a hundred pounds right now. Boom, no strength attached. But as soon as you add those conditions of right, man, you can lose a hundred pounds. In the a hundred pounds leaner. All right, you can be back to a Spray 190, like you were back in 2004, or whatever. But you had to do 30 minutes of cardio every day. You got to watch your diet. You got to only eat so much food because you have to stay in the calorie deficit so that you burn off, you know, whatever percentage of body fat every day, which, hundred pounds, one year, that's about point. Point two something pounds per day. Let me only think about that. Hundred pounds. Three hundred sixty five days. Uh, sure, sure, sure. Don't see if I can try to figure this out. Well, either way, about a third-ish, maybe a little more of a pound per day of body fat. And, you know, you're not really going to see those results until a year from that. And you got to be locked in the whole time. Now, that's where reality kicks in. And, you know, the percentage change is going to drop from that hundred percent or 90 percent who would totally take it, no strength to touch. And as soon as you add those extra caveats of all right, you've actually got to do some shit to make that happen. Ooh, wow. Partio? Come on, man. I don't want to be sitting around sweating. That's freaking hard. And that's where the value comes, right? I mean, anything cool that anybody does ever usually has a pretty substantial amount of time and effort done on the back end before, you know, the cool part actually gets shown off. All right. There's nothing flashy about 30 minutes of cardio every day. Especially when you're tired, it's cold now. That being the car is freaking freezing. I'm fogging up the windows just by breathing. You know, the lifts at least are pretty hyped because you can get excited about it. You know, it's really going hard. I mean, there's like this just hyped to the working out of the cardio. And not the most fun thing ever. You know, the flash factors pretty low. It's kind of close to almost a chore level, at least, you know, on average. If I'm really getting into it, I got my music playing. If for whatever reason, I'm extra hyped. You know, I can pretty, I can be pretty amped up for my 30 minutes on the bike. Sometimes I'll do like some extra minutes of like higher intensity. If I've got a good song playing or something. But for the most part, it's, I'd say 90% of the time, the tricky part is really just sitting there doing, you know, which, I mean, yes, not the most fun thing in the world. I would never go on record and say that it is. Even less so is the dieting side of things. The calorie restriction. And usually it's not even just calorie restriction. I mean, it's treat restriction, man. Look, I think I'm definitely above average. On the sweet tooth meter compared to most as well. Right? So I get the challenge of having to back off. And you're really fighting your basic urges for the most part. I mean, you're hard-wired to say, Ooh, I like how that tastes, I better eat some of that. I mean, you're going against evolution by trying to tell your body, like, hey man, come on. No crumble that I do. No cadence, no crispy cream, no skittles. It's, I'm in thinking about the skittles a little bit. You know, that will be a nice treat for later. But like, yeah, that's even harder than the cardio I would say. Because it's all the time. You kind of have to be thinking about it pretty consistently to be able to like, you know, hold yourself back and they go, right? And it probably shouldn't have that today, you know? And if you're counting your calories, I mean, you can add treats and two, but then you got to pay for it. Because if you have a huge breakfast, and you want to, you know, you actually stay on track with not overreating for that day, then you get a back off for dinner, you know? Or if you have a huge dinner or whatever, or if you totally go off the rails, you just do a few days of a serious, like, just, you're eating anything in sight, then you're setting yourself back progress wise. So, you know, you got to really get back on track before you even start burning fat again. Like, there's a lot of downsides. And by downsides, I just mean costs. Effort before you get the actual valuable reward afterwards. But the fact that not a lot of people will really go through that effort is why it's cool when you make it happen. When somebody posts a picture that they lost a hundred pounds in a year, that is bad at. And there should be no angle in which you could take any value away from that. Because that shit was hard. And then you're getting around it. So, whether your goal is lose 30 pounds or 20 pounds or 10 pounds, or even just start counting your calories at all by doing so. And just try to remember, it's going to take a little while. But just because things take a little while doesn't mean you shouldn't go after. And if anything, that's going to be a little bit of a sort of fire on a knee to you to make you say, okay. This is going to take a while. The sooner I start the better, you know, the classic sort of phrase of like the best time to plan to tree would have been a hundred years ago. The second best time is right and freaking now. Because then you can at least kind of get ahead of the game on. But apart from that, you gotta just find a way to get yourself amped up. Like as much value as there is in me, you know, saying whatever, like get yourself in the zone. It's like, you know, you don't need a third person motivating force to get you going. Anything that anybody really does hard, they do it because they want to do it. So, get yourself in tune with what your goals are. And like, really just as simply as thinking, okay, what would be cool for me to do? Like this is, this is you talking now. Like, yeah, it would be pretty cool to get a 225 bench for 10. It would be pretty cool to actually see myself lean. I haven't really seen my abs for a while. It'd be cool if I could run a four-minute mile or just anything. Of course, if I'm talking about something, it's going to be fitness-related. But I mean, it could really just be anything. What do you think would be cool to do? And then how much time a day can you spend getting yourself closer to whatever that end of the goal is? And as long as you can work at it consistently, you know, sure, it might not feel like a lot. If you just scoop at a little bit of dirt at a time. But before you know it, as months pass as years passed, you had a big ass freaking hole, and then a big ass pilot dirt right next to you. You know, it's like, I'm talking prison break style. And a couple scratches of concrete off the wall with your little, you know, she-of-spoon day by day might not seem like a lot. But before you know it, you're freaking broken out. Freemand. Now, I'm really getting some random ass analogies there. But if you've gotten the hype from that, then that's what I made before. So my plan, go home. Cookin' oven steak probably, I think, well, I get the meat thermometer, so I'll just cook it until it hits 125 internal. At 400, it should take about 20, 25 minutes or so, ish. Probably closer to 25. Maybe some, yeah, I think I'll go for three packs of cauliflower broccoli on the side, just so I really have a good, like, volume of foods, so I feel full. And then you ready for cardio later? So, one day leaner, one more day under the books, or under the belt, I mean. So, oh, guys. And I'll see if there's a back-action tomorrow.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 108 - Back [BVzlQcFHG7s].txt ===

Alright, I just had a very serious moment about 40 minutes ago. Before I got ready for the gym, before I get the bag packed, though, the great make sure I had the SD card, the battery charge, and my straps, and my pre- and my gallon of freaking half gallon of power is zero. Frankly, orange is a mile's ahead of any other flavor away, but it's not even close. But I was in a position of weakness. I'm looking at the pantry, okay? I've had 1,600 calories so far. It's a good chunk. I got a couple of the low-calorie carb hack protein bars, because it's treats. It's pretty good. Honestly, I mean, it's got all the extra fiber and the aliolo's and the sugar alcohol's and stuff. It really is a lower calorie alternative. A little tricky on your stomach, though, because all of those like sugar alternatives and the sugar alcohols and things like that. They can totally mess with your gut. Like if I ate all of my calories coming from those, like each one's like 190, 140, 50 calories, whatever. If I had all 2,000 calories or all whatever number of amenforves for the day of those meal replacement protein bars with all the extra random stuff in there, it would totally, I would feel like totally mess up my stomach. And I think I'm pretty resilient when it comes to being able to tolerate kind of funky foods like that. So even if you're a little, so if you're a little more kind of normal, then might not be the best sort of treat for you. But I mean, the kitchen, walking around, you know, just me and doing about, grab two of them. Right, grab two of them straight out of the cupboard, hold them for a moment, put them down on my desk, come up at the chatdown. And I think to myself, okay, am I really even hungry? Am I really actually hungry for food right now? Or am I just kind of bored and I'm letting my boredom kind of motivate me to, you know, munch on something just because I don't have anything else going on at the moment. And guess what? Guess what happened to those two little bars? They got put freaking back on the shelf. And that's hard to do. That is not an easy freaking thing to do, you know, as silly as I might be making the sound like picking up some kind of snack like that. Hold it, it's in your hands now. I mean, you're holding the murder weapon. You haven't used it yet, but you're thinking about it. And then putting it back, dude, plus I mean, nobody's there to watch you. That's a, that is a small victory when it comes to dieting. So if you've ever been in that situation, you know, I feel like it's cool, you know. And I know that seems so silly, especially to anybody that doesn't really get it with a dieting. Like for me to say that, and something like, who, what? For cares, you know, but if you've ever gotten into calorie tracking, the value of saving those 300 calories for later on down the line, right? And fighting the urge to just, you know, chat on something for no other reason that you just might be feeling a little bored. You know, frankly, I think boredom is often confused with hunger, at least in people's minds, like that, like, you know, physical mental confusion, I'm just talking like, and let's check the cover to see what's in the fridge. Let's see what's in the pantry, can you meet? Like, it's just, I mean, it's not even human nature, it's simply like the nature of being alive as an organism, you know, scanned around for any kind of grubby and get your hands up. And that's like your primary objective. So to fight against it, definitely a little trick here. But that's a little swarrow victory for me. And now, you're time to have a bigger one by having a solid ass back day. I'm talking pull down, I'm talking rows, I'm talking pullovers, and then some kind of combination in between of some sort of kind of pullover combined with a sort of row as a finisher. So that my entire pump back is, I think that's basically so many entire pack is pumped. So my entire back is pumped up to the post now. And then I get to camp out on some kind of, uh, probably just regular seated bike, not the recumbent one. And then I've got the most recent episode of Beast Games to watch. I, uh, squid games, only seven episodes of season two left a little bit of a hole in my, a little bit of a hole in my heart. Because I was getting ready for another 10 freaking episodes. So the real version is definitely tied to me over. So I saw that guy drop today. I knew to save it for later. So another little hack with the cardio, at least in terms of being a little bit more efficient or effective and kind of consistent with it. Save yourself a showman. You know, if you know you've got a 45 minute episode of something that you're going to watch anyway. And you're going to watch you just sit in the round, you know, doing nothing else. And then saves for later post workout, you know, pop a squat. And if it's to show you actually enjoy watching. Guess what? That cardio is going to happen like that. Like nothing. And then you get to go home with, uh, a known you watch to get episode of something or other. And you did your cardio. And you had a good lift. Only upsides from my perspective. But I think no more chatting. It's not too cold today, which is nice for me. So not, uh, I don't feel like I need to warm up as much. What is it? What's it in there? So I think no more discussing it. Let's just make it happen. So dieting down is especially given the fact that I'm not trying to do insanely hefty sets. The warm up phase much quicker, right? Because I don't have to sit here and get my lats ready for like a full stack set of pull dents. I mean, for a lot of stimulation. You know, so I mean, I get to play around here. But this is basically the first working set. And especially as a light squeezing movement. I mean, how much prep do you really have to do? You know, so that's one, uh, one little tip I can say. If you're ever in a bit of a rush, like, let's say you get an arm day and like, you're on the clock, you gotta be done in 45 minutes. Maybe it's in your best interest to start with light squeezing rope extensions. Instead of real heavy strape our push downs or something, because you don't have to warm up as much, right? So a little bit of time can strain thing, but if that's ever situation you're in, not about approach. But for me, it's just because I don't need to go that heavy right now. So five reps, five reps alternating with a good squeeze. Then we'll just go from there. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. One more. One more. I was considering moving on, but I think one more. Then jump something new. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Let's do some kind of rowing movement next. I really don't even need straps. Like this rubber pull down handle has enough grip, and this is light enough. I really don't think my forms would be a limiting factor, but just for the sake consistency. Let's do some straps on. I really want to feel my shoulder blades touch. They're not going to, but that's what I'm trying to envision by pulling the bar. I'm not pulling with my hands down here. I'm not thinking about any of this. I'm thinking, you know, you're working. That's what I mean before. Then light weight. So, very squeeze focus and control. No. No. No. No. No. No. Oh my god. One or two more of those. Yeah, that's really good. I never felt so much lower lat-activation or lower trap-activation, I've freaking life. No. No. No. No. No. No. Okay. I think I've got a plan for what the last two steps I've been looking like. One more pull-and-s, then a superset. And back up, you ready to check out. No. No. No. Oh my goodness. That might have been too heavy. All right. Let's do a little hold-and-slaze-roll. That'll be all she'd freaking wrote. Assuming this is it. Well, assuming this is good, this will be it. Lat-focused stretch. Mid-back-focused squeeze. And I sit a half and a half. Pull-and-slaze-roll. No. No. No. No. No. Let's pull this down. Let's do it. Let's see how we're looking through the shirt first. And then get down to real business. I can tell you something. There's definitely something blood flow related going on back there. Let me show you. Actually sharp and focus. So you tell me, is this freakier or less freaking in the last few back days? I think that shot definitely was, but let's say. Let's keep running through a few here. No, man. No shoulder pump. Much thinner than it was three months ago. But I wouldn't call this stage ready yet. Oh, my goodness. Oh, geez. Well, backpumped. I'm tired. I don't need to torture myself by waiting any longer than necessary to get the cardio started. No. Okay. That was actually a very quick 30 minutes of cardio. Sometimes I have a, well, I always cover the clock. Like the cardio bike itself has a little timer. And sitting there staring at it, watching it just creep by extra slow. Let me just say this, no fun whatsoever. So it's always been in my best interest to cover that up and keep it a mystery even myself. So the time kind of passes a little faster if I can get a little bit more enthralled into the clash game or to the show that I'm watching. But luckily enough, right when I flipped over my jacket, so look at the timer. 29 minutes, 30 seconds. I was kind of, well, I was hoping I wasn't going to flip it over and see it read like 15 minutes. The early stuff checked it before was like 10. Well, I mean, I probably checked it all sort of in our roles, but what really sucks is if you think you've done like 25, and you've really only done like six. Absolutely no fun. But that was a really good back day, frankly, I felt a bit stronger than expected. Like muscular kind of endurance, everything else. Yeah, I think easing back to only one hour of cardio a day is about my limit. Because you gotta think there is a balance of, and I've said this a couple times. There's a balance of trying to burn extra calories every day, right? Increase my energy expenditure as well as decrease my calorie intake, right? And this gap in between is me burning body fat, you know what I'm saying? So the logic there, some might say, well, I don't want to do any extra cardio, just eat less food, which you have some logic there for sure, but if you don't do extra cardio, then you're kind of getting a slow down your metabolism a little bit, because it's going to be in pretty much direct relation to your activity level. So I don't think zero cardio only reducing your calories is the way to do it, but you also can't do four hours of cardio every day. So somewhere in the middle is a sweet spot. And for me, I think 30 minutes of cardio in the morning, followed by 30 minutes of cardio, post lift, combined with my calorie deficit, is about there. Now, I don't think I like screwed myself for the last month or so doing the two hours of cardio a day. I think it definitely worked in terms of fat loss, but I think I was overdoing in terms of the energy expenditure in relation to my recoverability. But that's something, you can't just guess that, you can't have to find out. So now I know. And I'd rather be the guy who did the two hours of cardio a day for weeks on him, and then realized, okay, I should tone it back rather than the guy who would never even consider and think, oh, two hours, cardio weights are free and much roof. You know what I'm saying? There is certainly a difference in holding yourself back from doing something versus not being capable of doing something in the first place. Like it's such a classic trope of like, oh, dude, if I locked in, I could be jacked. Like dude, if I went to the gym every day and I did my cardio and I like really locked into my diet. Like for the, if I did that for the next four months, dude, I'd be yoke. It's like, yeah, man, you would. Are you gonna? I'm sure if somebody just popped in your mind. Yeah. I mean, it's true though. They definitely would get themselves in solid shape. Like if you lock in, it's not a question of if. I mean, serious gains can be made at any level, but the if is, are you even gonna do it, right? So that's what separates the lifters from the non lifters I feel. But now I get to go home. Have a protein heavy meal. I think in egg whites melted cheese and a side of something or other. Maybe I'll do a yogurt with some frozen fruit and some sugar-free maple syrup. I think that sounds pretty dang good to me. And then chill. Added this a little lift together and then that'll be the end of it. So we're getting close. We are closer to the end of this dieting phase than the beginning. That is for freaking sure. And I am definitely, like I'm definitely looking forward to the bulk that lies ahead. But, you know, before that, before that sunrise and the dawn, I've still got some things and some freaking business to keep taking care of in terms of this calorie deficit. So holding strong got me another month and a half ish or so. And then I'm talking carb-dub. Skins splitting muscle exploding. Weight-thrashing, stack slamming. Every other descriptor under the sun of a crazy ass, bulking lift. But I'm not, so when it comes to when that bulk is going to start, I'm not just going to open the floodgates. You know, I am going to ease into it, of course. Because if I started eating five freaking thousand calories off the rip, all I'm going to do is totally oversaturate my ability to load up on those carbs. And then just spill over and start packing on body fat with your joints of my own. So the same logic with the dieting phases, going into a cut versus the bulk, it's an easing into a kind of process. So as a little bit of kind of summary of how this diet has gone so far, the first month going from like 270 to 260 to 55 or so. That was just going from bulking diet to eating as much as I was hungry for, which was not very much. I mean back in the, oh my goodness. Yeah, back in October during the, during the Olympia, when I got to live with hers after that chest ache, we stopped at this kind of like Chipotle style restaurant. And you know, we each got a big bowl like rice and chicken, whatever. I barely had half of it. Like my appetite was freaking crashed because I just finished the bulking phase, right? I was on the diet. But now, oh my goodness, I could probably thrash that same bowl of chicken and rice and 0.4 seconds I'm talking light speed. But that first month, me just eating when I was hungry, and getting my appetite was so low, put me around like 3,000, 3 1,000 calories or so per day. And that was enough of a deficit to lose weight slowly, right? And then that next month, I had a decrease at such more, get into the 3,000 range. Then to be in balance around the 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1,000 range, now getting like 2200 is having some lower days of, you know, 2,000 if I'm not doing like legs or something or other. And now it's just kind of maintaining that deficit and making sure I keep getting the leaner as the day is passed. And I'm not really freaking out about my morning weight with the scale, you know, bounced around kind of 2,30 or so, just because on any given day, I mean, I'm going to have a certain amount of food that's still in my stomach, originally from the night before, or I might be a little more hydrated, maybe a little less hydrated, or let's just say, I mean, you've got more food in your system. What I'm more concerned with is really just visually how much leaner am I getting on a day by day, well, more of a week by week basis. But feel like I'm on track to get in pretty freaky, or at least a few levels freaky than I already am now. So, I gotta do this, keep this momentum up, which boring, you know, acts of a higher power, we are good. So, I'm going to enjoy the fact that it's not absolutely freezing cold out. Hopefully, let's just hope it warm up at least to a reasonable degree. I mean, I don't want to have to jump in the car for cardio and have it be like negative 10. That would kind of put a little bit of a downer on the whole situation. But even if that's the case, what are you going to do? Bundle up, put on a double layer of sweats and get freaky in real, the least, or the less that you can let your routine or whatever else, even just your hype and energy be derailed by any outside source of whatever, the better. Try to imagine yourself as a goddamn unstoppable force or an immovable object. The fact that maybe the cardio bike you were looking forward to was taking, that shouldn't stop you. That should just make you think, alright, let's change it up. Let's pick the seed in a liptical. Let's pick the treadmill. Let's pick this out of the other. Just try to flip it into a little bit of hype if you can. But I think that's all I got. So, I will see you for an arm date tomorrow. Now I'm getting myself real excited.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 109 - Arms - Christmas Tree Coming Back [ZVYtRfIlfSo].txt ===

Alright, whoever came up with these things right here, God dang genius. It's like a blanket for your hands, man. I'm just joking, Kevin. I've been well aware of what gloves were, but for one of the reasons did not have any of the freaking apartment. What the hell? He's taken for granted. I'm sure nine out of ten of you guys have that front door, cupboard, or a front door, a little coke room, or whatever. And you have a million pairs of your families, winter gloves, and it's just a drone about you can never find the right set of any of them. Hopefully this doesn't turn into my own collection of those. But keeping the thing, he's nice and warm. So I don't have to spend extra long warming him up before I go. Hands on steel, hands on with the iron, and the god dang, well, you get the idea. So basic plan for arms is as such. Fill them up with blood, pose down, say holy crap. That's a good pump. And then leave. And I mean it. Don't have to do 30 minutes of cardio afterward, because I did two sessions of cardio today. All right. I wanted to see what it would be like to do, well, just to have a more chill post lift. So Eric, Eric, Eric, Eric, Eric. Hey, the clock cardio in the morning. Followed by two o'clock cardio. Can I just, because I was ready for it. What was doing the else? And then a nap. Some extra time is passed, and now here we are. So I'll probably still do some cardio just out of, I think, yeah, probably just out of habit. But no need for a full 30. And honestly, I mean 15 minutes of post lift cardio on the bike, not the hardest trick thing in the world. I mean, I'm going to sit on my phone for 15 minutes, sit in the car. I really couldn't recommend it enough. But I don't want to turn every talk into a, every talk into a cardio rant. I know that'll probably, probably start to kill something. But I went old school hobby-wise today. I got a 13 by 13 unit, Rubik's Cube. Things, freaking huge. I'm talking, well, it's like small, but pieces wise. So I was sitting there for like two freaking hours trying to get it back together. And it's just a pattern recognition kind of thing. So I used to be really into that when I was younger. So I still kind of remembered how to do it. But I couldn't figure out the last section. So it's still sitting on my desk. Maybe I'll do that way. But a little more excuse to bust that a pre-work at John. It's late. It's a late one. I probably should have came in here a little bit earlier to keep up my normal kind of sleep schedule. 9.35 on a Friday. So it's, I don't bring it up as much because I'm not at school anymore. I'm not really surrounded by it. But it's Friday night. The bars are still open. And if you're in my 18 to 22, 18 to 24 year old demographic, AKA college students, you get in thrashed tonight. Is your crew about to get freaking spawning tonight to the point where you're going to, you're going to get more dad lore. Really? That's the dad lore. Just getting the records on the regular. Whatever suits your boat. But in a games specific context, I really can't speak any worse about it. I mean, you're killing your games. You're going to feel like shit tomorrow. You're legitimately, I mean, it's a performance de-hancer in terms of your, in terms of your actual muscle building capability. Like, after drinking and stressing at your whole system like that, hypertrophy is basically just putting it on a freaking hold because you're making your body deal with that extra stress. And now, of course, that's not rhetorical. It's up to you. And this is your life, right? But for the most part, I only see the negatives. And that's coming from my perspective as a hardcore muscle above all. Kind of kind of kind of guy. So obviously, I've got a little bit of bias. But I mean, it's a pretty good case of things in terms of tips and system effort and everything else that goes along with building muscle, like a bodybuilding nutcase. Typically has a pretty big overlap with just general overall well-being. And I'm not talking about getting to 250 pounds. I'm talking about the cardio, the consistent weight training, getting your diet in order, having a pretty reasonable routine. And then getting even a step further and just kind of like your mental sort of state. It's like if you want to get into any endeavor and a long-term sort of format and you want to do something every day at the same age time, you know, of course, it can vary. And you want to feel good about it while you're doing it, but then you're going to want to have your mental state kind of in control too. So it's like, anything that's going to throw off gains typically just throws off people's enjoyment of life, you know? I mean, who's going to have more fun? Just on a not even on like a long bigger than this guy kind of whatever. Who do you think's going to enjoy their day more? The guy who got a good amount of rest, the guy who's well hydrated, the guy who is eating a reasonable diet. Now, of course, I might not be the guy to go to, to say either reasonable diet. But, you know, I'm hitting a solid amount of, I was going to say healthy. And healthy is kind of a weird word when he picks them up and diet. Because it's like, what are your specific goals, you know? But hitting your protein goals on the regular, not getting like 20 grams of protein per day, and then having the rest of it come only from like crazy high process, whatever. I mean, there's dudes where breakfast, lunch and dinner is all McDonald's, everything else. And you couple that sort of diet with zero work in that at all. It doesn't lead to the best result, I'll say. But obviously, the guy who's got all that in order is just going to feel better, you know? And the better you feel, the better you're going to perform. Even if it's just, you know, walking around doing your regular shit. And what I think sucks is feeling good, like feeling what really well-rested, is a bit understated, you know? Because I think a lot of life is like this. The bar of comfort is right here. Now, being above it, being well-rested, being well-fed, being well-slapped, being well-everything, well-high-dreated. You know, you're in the green. You're not crazy high in the green. It's a pretty, it's not the biggest change. You don't take your multivitamin's and drink a gallon of water, I think. Man, I feel good right now. It's not like that. It's not very hype and do so, you know? So, it's typically overlooked and put on the back burner compared to... Yo, man, you going out tonight, bro? You want to stay home and go to bed early? What do you have frigate, dork? I mean, insert whatever kind of frat style chat you like. You know, the value of, okay, should I get a good night's rest and go to bed early? Or insert Tom Fulher. Usually the scales are going to tip over here. So again, I mean, this is just coming from my perspective, of course. But at least in the long run, set of things, looking back over all days that are in the Green of that comfort level, they add up. Now, of course, it's not as fun, but... I'm alzin' your court, man. Dude, you want? So, that's my little anti-drinking kind of shit dick. But of course, I'm not your dad, so you do you. But for me, I think that within the hour, I'm going to have a rather nasty arm pump. It's going to be a little lengthier, at least, well, not lengthier, but a little more complicated in my last arm day, which was just rope extensions and dumbbell preacher curls. And I got a couple of comments, I'm like, well, see in this. Yeah, that's really a whole workout. All you did was rope extensions and preachers, man, that's not enough to do growth. And I've been getting these comments forever, you know, it's even with the, like all sorts of other lifts, too. It's like, your chest day was only inclined Smith and cable flies. It's like, yeah, it's eight hard sets of chest. You know, it doesn't really... I'm not really one to, you know, be of the, of the mind that it's like crap. If I don't hit eight different movements and suddenly this workout is complete bullshit, you know. Like, it's, it's almost as if somebody could have access to a gym where all it had was a Smith machine. And in their mind, they're going to say, oh, there's only Smith machine here. I guess I can't have a good chest day today. I'm going to skip the gym altogether. Now, I just, I don't get it. But that's, you know, that's coming from me having done a lot of really simple lifts. I mean, a lot of my high school lifts, too, in the beginning, I would just go down to the, you know, the weight room, like, for weightlifting class. And I knew the PE teacher who was teaching it because I remembered him from, like, elementary school, because he used to work there and then he moved to the high school. So he let me work out then there while the other guys are doing their class, which, honestly, if he did not do that, there's no saying if I'd be in this exact specific kind of position I'm in here. So it's, could have been a freaking massive blessing in disguise. But either way, all that was down there was barbells, racks, and dumbbells. And I might do. This is freaking perfect. Chest shoulders, back arms, legs. Now, of course, my hamstring training wasn't really awesome yet. I, uh, I didn't start really training hamstrings at all for, like, six months. Because in my mind, I used to think, well, why would I want the back of my legs to be big? I want the front of my legs to be big. And what my quadstegrot, who gives it freaking, who gives a rat to ask about hamstrings? Little to life, freaking. No. But all that's to say is, if you don't have access to the most cutting edge equipment, you still have access to enough to get a pump, man. You know, I'm talking with Giver up in here. If you give me a gallon jug in a shoe lace, and, you know, 30 minutes in some pre-workout, and then you come check in on me and about, you know, half an hour or so, I'm going to have a skin spilling chest bump. And even if you only gave me a damn pencil, I'd probably pull something out of the jar of wick. But the heat is heating. Let's get these freaking gloves off, and give you a ready start this workout. I am going to start this arm day just like the last one. But I'm definitely not just going to stick to these two movements. And we'll certainly bounce around. Try to set up bicep, try to set up bicep, try to set up bicep, but I know that the rope extension, don't belp, preach your combo. It's pretty good. So that's what I'll start with first. Very light, at least for me, like this is weight, that the first five reps absolutely know a shoe. So what I'm trying to maximize is the fatigue per rep. So I'm not going to sit here and just bust them out. It's not the point. What I want to do is feel my triceps kind of like, gradually loosen loose and loosen loose and loosen. And then have a good hard tight squeeze on the bottom. And I don't know why the squeeze gets no love. Like the flexing kind of contraction is getting absolutely no love right now. It's all about the stretch. It's all about, you know, somebody making a face like, why is he doing it like that? And then it's, it says, though, this is the perfect rep. I mean, what the hell are we talking about here? I know for a fact, my triceps are going to be more pumped in the universe or at the bottom of every rep. I have a good hard, crazy squeeze versus the one where I just like, tap it for a second and then focus more on the stretch. Obviously, there's value in both parts, but it's a complete rep, you know. So don't don't freak about any kind of new age, new wave, style of execution. That's just views for jargon or like new jargon for, you know, views. Like people trying to spice up fitness. Go hard, get a pump, you're good. Like trying new shit too, of course, like spice it up, but you don't need to completely uproot your training routine because so and so is doing it like this. If you know you're working out hard, I think you're good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my god. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think I know what's nice. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my goodness. Let's take a second and freaking poach down. Even though I'm a bit lighter, bad ass arm day. Yeah. Yeah. I'm dying here. And I just mean that as though I am going to sleep like a freaking baby. That's for sure. But let's see what kind of pump that arm day related in resulted in. Yeah. Go on old school. The freaking gold's gym take. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think all this freaking cardio and calorie counting is definitely added up to something. That's for freaking sure. No. All right. Now let's get out of here. There is strong potential that tomorrow ends up being a rest day. That is for freaking sure. But anytime you think like that, late, you just finished to work out your extra tired. Is that playing a role in the little bit of a bias in my mind where I'm going to be resting right now. And I'm in a very restful or at least anxious to be a restful situation. Because I'm doing the workout. It's late. I'm ready to go to bed. I don't want that mentality to creep into my plans for tomorrow. Because then you're just not planning based on an actual plan. You're just planning based on how you're feeling the moment. You know, like getting groceries when you're hungry, you're going to be a bit more likely to get some treats and get some extra everything. Whereas if you get groceries when you get a full belly, you might be a little bit more... Not even strict, but you just want to even feel the need to do that. But I've also got a balance out. The hard-headed approach that I've kind of got of like lift every day no matter what. Because right now is definitely not a situation where that's the case. With this calorie restriction for sure, my recoverability is impeded. I don't have a zillion freaking extra grams of carbs to really fuel up and get everything back in working order to come back in the rash tomorrow. So we'll see. If I feel good, then I'll just hit legs tomorrow and then do a rest day afterward. But definitely a rest day either tomorrow or the next day. Just as like a little bit of a reset. I'll still do some cardio too, of course. That's not going anywhere. But I just mean in terms of the actual lift. I'm not sure whether that first portion that posed down is out of focus. But... Definitely getting leaner. Definitely getting freaking leaner. So... Now we wait. Now we freaking wait. So postwork out meal. I plan on scarfing down some turkey. Not ground or deli. You gotta go to Costco and you get this big five pound vacuum sealed chunk of turkey. I'm talking fresh off the bird, not like reconstituted or whatever. And then I'll cut a couple of probably ten ounce or maybe 12 ounce slab there. I don't really... If I'm gonna overshoot calorie-wise, I definitely think it's in my best interest to have some extra protein rather than some extra carbs. So usually if I'm itching for some kind of snack and it's late, I'm gonna go for some straight protein first before I start reaching around. Like some of the yogurt or blueberries or anything else. But... Currently I've been having the same treat on repeat, which has actually been pretty much for your perfect calorie-wise. It's usually two tubs. Sometimes... I mean, well, that's sometimes, yeah, but I could definitely imagine doing it three at once. But two tubs, a little like non-fat, Greek yogurt. So each one's got seven grams of carbs, 15 grams of protein. Mixed with about 20 grams of carbs worth of frozen pineapple. And then like 30, 60-ish milliliters or whatever kind of whatever of sugar-free maple syrup. To give that all kind of a bit of a stir. And then you might think that I would want to blend that up into a bit of a smoothie type situation. But I don't think that would be any better because then rather than getting to actually like, you know, bite into and chew the frozen fruit chunks. You're just drinking it and drinking your calories in a deficit-type situation is not the best way to go about it. You know, because you can definitely... Well, I mean, it's just the nature of a liquid. It's going to want to fill up whatever kind of container you put it in. So drinking a big shake is not going to be so filling as eating that same amount of food in physical form. You know what I'm saying? So I leave that frozen fruit intact just so I feel like I'm actually eating something. And then it's definitely a good little sort of sweet tooth kind of curber. So I think that'll probably be a good pairing next to the mix of that turkey. No, at the same time, I'll probably do it like dinner dessert style, save it for later. And then I'm talking straight to bed soon. So I think that's all I got to say, man. Sweet arm day. Lower back beginning to look extra nuts. And I haven't even really gotten into a peak kind of finishing form. Because not only am I going to get a little bit leaner, but there's also going to be some kind of, you know, water cutting going on in terms of like drying out and carbon up and sort of everything else. So I think I'm definitely in for something coming next month. But no point talking about it now. Well, we'll just see once that actually happens. So plan for tomorrow. Either legs are rest. But in either case, the deficit will be maintained. All right. Make sure you lock in if you're really getting into any sort of calorie restrictions or certain calorie goals that you're aiming for. But that's all I got, man. So I'll see you for whatever tomorrow brings.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 110 - Legs [Ud4MnAEDYH8].txt ===

Alright, you know something's bad. When walking outside, I think to myself, wow. 30 degrees. This is nice. This is pretty freaking enjoyable. Of course, 30 compared to zero. I'm talking Fahrenheit. I don't know. And I'm not exactly sure what zero degrees Fahrenheit is. Celsius. But either way, I'm talking, you know, freezer butt off cold versus, you know, where a jacket is a little bit cold. But that's nice for me. So I don't have to sit here freeze. I'ma fingers off. I mean, honestly, 30 is alright. 30 is a, oh freaking K with me. So, play it for tonight for likes. I was on the, I was on the fence about whether or not I wanted to make it today or rest day, or save it for tomorrow. And I think that today being the rest day is not necessary. And I might even just make tomorrow extra chill and just do, uh, just do shoulders. And by shoulders, I really do mean like a chill, like probably only four sets of reverse, you know, rear delt work and then four sets of laterals. So certainly not the most stressful workout in the world. But, you know, it's, uh, it's a balancing act right now, you know, because I don't necessarily think there's such thing as, um, over training per se. It's more so a situation of under-recovering, right? I mean, you're pretty tough. We've evolved for a while to be able to handle some pretty damn serious situations and circumstances. But, not having enough food in your system, not getting enough sleep, not getting enough, you know, hydration and recovery, that's going to mess with anybody. Across the board from a damn perfect organism like, Zina Moore fall the way down to, you know, whatever kind of a meat is or floating around. You don't get many food or water. She's going to stop working, right? So right now what I'm balancing is, okay, I would need some weight-based exposure and I want to maintain some strength, I want to maintain my size. I want to keep all the muscle that's already built up, while I reveal that muscle by peeling off the body fat, right, by eating that calorie deficit. But in doing so, I'm limiting my ability to recover from the workouts, because I'm no longer eating, you know, five or six thousand calories a day. I'm down in the low-toes to somehow just two and then on a lower day. Even below that, getting in the 1900s sometimes. So, what that tells me is, maybe I don't need to do five plate squats. Maybe I don't need to do ten plate leg press, and not even maybe those are off the menu for now. So all I'm really aiming for on a lift by lift basis. I mean, really my two goals are only, don't hurt myself and get a pump. And this don't hurt myself as definitely goal number one, and get a pump as followed that. So, if that just means four sets of laying leg curls, and go hard, get a burn, know that I did push myself for my current sort of circumstance. And then some leg extensions with some cyscizy squads as a drop set, you know, certainly not even close to the most weight and my tension that my quads could feel on like a max exertion crazy heavy set of squats. Like I'm not even getting close to that. The amount of quads work that I'm getting from like crazy squats, mid-bulk. I mean, I'm not sure how you could quantify it, but it's probably like, cumulatively, as much as it's being done and like all of these sets kind of combined. Now, maybe not exactly the amount of that amount of that abrupt, but it's just not necessary for an aim at four, right? Which is a little bit of a downer for me, because that's kind of the fun part of the training. I feel like right now the training intensity side of things is getting pushed onto the back burner a little bit, because the trickiest part for me right now, the hardest part, is the diet, right? Not eating in a food, or not eating too much food, right? So the training is, I mean, it's going to be done, it's doing it's serving its purpose, but it doesn't have to be absolute balls to the wall muscular destruction. This is where I'm definitely going to agree with the stimuli, don't annihilate, kind of crowd when they talk about working out, because yeah, that's what I'm aiming for, stimulation. Now, fast forward, you know, three, four months, once I'm getting into a legit surplus and I'm chowing down on all sorts of rice, ramen and everything else, so I'm talking treats will be included within reason. Then yeah, I'm going to be trying to go as nuts as possible, because my results are going to be pretty much determined on how big of a stimulus can I give myself in the gym, and then can I recover from that? On my, you know, out of my, outside the gym or team, right, diet, sleep, hydration, everything else. So as long as the food is being consumed, which, I don't want to speak too early, but to give it to my track record, I've never had a problem with the bulking side of things in terms of my calorie intake, then there's no reason to hold back when it comes to the weights, but right now, not so much, certainly some reason to hold back, get a pump, go hard, be a little bit more, a little bit more controlled on a set by set basis, which is definitely a good thing. A little bit of a break for my knees and my joint to everything else, and I still, uh, make some little reset, because as much food as I'm eating in as much as I can recover, when I'm going too crazy with the weights, constantly every left, it's still, excuse me, definitely kind of accrues some kind of stresses and everything else. So that's one reason I like the bulking and cutting side of things, apart from just the fact that I feel for me, it's my fastest track towards getting bigger, is it's a nice little break, you know, you are almost in season in the training and then off season in the training. But now I can tell I'm just getting a little bit rambly. If I had a, if I had a little blood glucose monitor with me, I'm sure I'm in a very healthy range, I'm talking maybe a little bit too low, right? Because I'm not a huge pre-workout meal or anything else like that. But more than enough food to get a solid leg pump, and I'm hoping to see some brand new veins, cut striations and all sorts of separation and everything else from need a hip. So now that's left to do is the work ethic is going to result in perhaps not a skin splitting pump, but certainly something close to it. So I think no more gent, it's just going to be going to happen. Not even the whole stack, but with these leg curls at the top of every rep, I really want there to be like a momentary. Oops, even if you can't really see it, like two guys can do the exact same set at the same tempo, but for just a moment at the top, like imagine this is my leg. If they have an extra little squeeze, I feel they're going to get more and that set. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Few more just like that. Methods you complicated. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Yeah, okay. Two more like that. And then I'll do a fancier, light a squeeze in the set. One more basics that way, then. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Okay. I think one more squealing set. And that'll be it for haps. Short squeak. I think a little five, five, five style. Will be perfect in some finisher. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. I think that's it. Let's start with some blank extensions and then go from there with quads. Instead of doing the 5, 5, 5 style, let's just take legs to failure. Left to failure, then right to failure. Go from there. Turn it to the inside. There we go. There we go. There we go. There we go. There we go. There we go. There we go. Just like that. A little heavier for the set. There we go. There we go. There we go. There we go. One more simple one right there. There we go. There we go. There we go. There we go. There we go. Let's do some alternating more burnish stuff next. This will be left side, right side, right side, right side. But instead of nasty pumpish, fast reps, much slower with a much more intentional squeeze and up at the top of each one. And as such, a bit lighter. There we go. There we go. There we go. There. There. There. There. There. There we go. There. There. There we go. There we go. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. I think that's all. Give me a moment to really decide. There's one more. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 51 - Legs [kyLj36NLI88].txt ===

There we go. Okay. Playing for today and insanely early lift. This is crazy. It's 1120 and not 1120 PM in some kind of weird apocalyptic like night sun kind of situation. Early ascortial. And then a reasonably timed lift. So only one pre-workout meal and then added up being a bagel, buttered with 10 grams with the fat of butter as well as 50 grams of protein of egg whites, salt and pepper style, reasonably plain. So it's really just a classic breakfast for breakfast. Which I know is kind of, that's not really much point to say in that sort of twice. But I really do feel like there is a, there's this misconception that you can't just eat regular fucking food. The out of everything calorie wise and planning and protein, simple portion control has got to be the most valuable fucking skill that you can get as a lifter. And then just as a dude, everyone has got to eat. Everybody's got to get a certain amount of calories in and your body is going to run off of what you end up eating. So it's at least worth thinking about. And in my case, that's not so much of like trying to optimize my, like baseline markers or whatever. It's eating for the purpose of the muscular gains that I'll be able to get from a certain bulking kind of diet and then muscle maintenance while I get leaner from a calorie deficit. But it's, you know, it's serving a very specific purpose for me. And if you can manipulate your calorie intake and not just purely each shit because you're, you're hungry for it. I'm, at least lifting wise. I can promise you that is going to improve your performance. With legs, nothing too crazy. Handstrings first laying curls seated curls, RDLs presumably on the Smith machine. And then quads will just be, we'll just be whatever kind of feels right. I'm trying not to overdo it with the weight on quads simply because in a deficit, I, it's like I can hit my quads too hard. And what I mean by that is like if I hit him as hard as I fucking possibly can, even just to regular like seven total set workout form, then I end up overdoing it. And I'm like putting extra stress on my knees and my adductors and just, I think there's no, no point to like a 14 plate set of leg press, even if I could do it fine, just because it's going to end up being so damaging and stressful that by the time I come back to do legs the next day or at least the next plan like day, I can't even do quads. At least not in the same fucking way before. So that's where I don't mind taking quads a little bit easier. And I still want to hit him as hard as I can, but I have to take into consideration that recovery component as well. But hamstrings I can pretty much thrashes hard as I want. And I'll be back for hamstrings again. Next leg day pretty much for sure. Now that's not the same. I'm trying to completely recommend pulling anything, but I do want to stimulate them as much as fucking possible. So, you get pretty much clears up what's about to go down. And we stop just yapping about it and get straight to business. Alright, let's not be too crazy. So we just a moderate, second-ish hold of the top swings get a laying crout. I've been starting with a lot of cdc, so even though it is only a minor change, it is still changing up. So let's, uh, one not check it out. No. One more just like that. Men and women. Maybe too. You So, I'm hoping that the audio didn't cut out for the last couple of sets. I think it didn't, but either way, whatever. Just change the workout. So, leg extensions, I want to ease into it this time. Not just go fucking crazy, false-dax, single leg, that's nuts. I'm talking 115. So the equivalent of 230 double leg, and then I want to do five reps on one side, five on the other. Very like, thoughtfully done. Like, I'm not just doing five like that. Like I want to fold, squeeze, and extra hard contraction, and then a reasonably slow negative of these. Because this is not only serving as like working set number one, but it's also kind of a primer. So before I jump on anything else, I'm going to feel and extra warm and ready for it. But let's go nuts here with reasonably lightweight, and then, uh, so the heads and the right. No. Okay. Alright. Let's go a little heavier for the next one. That is a fucking sweet start. Uh... Yeah.benben!! whoo Alright, let's pick the same weight, but for this set let's make him a little nassier. Let's do some machine like press nice. Not too heavy. This is the stack load. Not the plate load anyone. Okay, so not the heaviest set ever, but it will be a good one. One thing I really like about this machine something about the seat angle. I can still get a ton of quantic division with zilch for glutes. But let's just grab the stack here. And this is going to be a bit more of lengthy kind of set. This isn't like a six reps and eight reps and then that's failure. Like I'm going to be in about 15 inch range for sure and I'm really trying to like get pretty deep to the point where especially with my legs this pumped. I have to kind of like pull the seat into the stretch position. But let's just go nuts here. Where do I put this? Good oop Mmm Whoa. Do it. Let's go back to ligate extensions. Get in this. Like that wasn't a bad set, but I kind of kind of feel it in my upper right quad. Like right next to where it ties into my hips. And since the ligate extensions, you're not doing that. Just go burn out a few more thumbs. And then that'll be good. Oh. Oh. Oh yeah. Oh. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. That's good. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. All right. So certainly not the craziest lift ever. But pump wise. Yes, I don't think I'm going to be very disappointed. Now of course there's no way to know that. And so we actually check that. But simply based on the feeling alone. Let's just say there's some blood flow. There's been some blood flow that has occurred. So let's let's just see to what actual extent. Now hamstrings got hit very well. Quads I just said, the pump the brakes on. Just a touch. Just a touch. But even with being a little bit less intense than normal. It's still appear to have reached the reasonably fucking pump state. Oh. You're okay. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. So right here I'm trying to smush my hamstring up against itself to make it look extra big and fucking round. And the leaner you get the more pronounced that that sort of thing is going to become. But even fully pumped. Reason all that separation. That little bit of quad feathering, which was done to be revealed a couple of list of go with unpumped quads. Has now disappeared. And that's just the nature of having a fucking quiet apartment. And as you get, I mean you basically just swell up. You're not, you're not so defined and separated. But even so. Man. There's like a very pinchable layer of fat here. And once that is close to the like, you know, forearm level leanness. Because I mean my forearms. I can see all sorts of little like individual fibers and stuff. And I attribute a lot of this backside of the forearm games to doing those reverse. Forearm curls even just with like 10 pound dumbbells. But yeah, once my legs start to get as lean as my arms are. Or I can see like some arm veins and some separation that would be else. Then I'll really be in for a fucking treat. But plan for the rest of the day. Clean up the house basically. Eat my meals. Don't exceed my calorie deficit. And then just go from there. When, as long as though as as long as those three things are met, then I can go to sleep and know on a montrack towards the things I want to make for the cap. But you know it's all you got. It's gonna human back to the car. All right. Yeah. Good lift. Basically succeeded in the fucking goal I wanted to achieve. Pump my quads up. Activate them. Make sure they don't shrink down over the course of this dieting phase. Which of course I mean, I don't think they're gonna. At least not to a seriously noticeable degree. And now just. Not the fucking most positive. You know, this feels like that clip of. His mind's been an old mic mentor quote from one of his. Either a lecture or some kind of something. He's got all sorts of archives of all his. Well, his talks and things, but he basically says. Or one of his clients are talking to him. And one of the clients goes, well. We only worked out for 20 minutes. What the hell if I supposed to do for the rest of the nation to stay longer. You know, and mics fucking nice like baffled. He's like, what are you talking about? You don't know what to do with the rest of your day. Whatever the hell you want, man. He's like, you could start studying. You could start looking into. Whatever, like art. And it's like to the lift or that's. You know, you got to be a little more multi-faceted than just the workout for sure. But. Man, and an op-alpha and something. But good lift. Much better on the hamstring side of things. Yeah, I'm starting to feel a little bit. That's the way I self sabotage the touch from my last leg days when I was doing those extra heavy leg press. Obviously it feels cool to do, but it's I'm paying the price now. My quasi's so sore. And not so on like a tired way, so on like kind of a tender sort of way, which is not what I want at all. That's the complete opposite of what I want my stimulation from these lifts to be like, I want pumps. I want fatigue. I want tired. And I want recoverable as well. So if the. You know, if the meal or that was a good thing. So if the training is pushing it beyond. Recovery, at least within the scheme of like a working out twice a week situation. And it's. Simply doing something fucking wrong. So. Try to hold me to it. Don't let me go too crazy or quize. Oh, over these next coming months. And get a pump. Don't pretty hard. Don't go too hard. Don't go too hard to the point of injury. And that would suck. I don't want to make it better. Knock on the. Maybe take word of the camera. Can't re-medium. But meal wise. Yeah. I've been. I've been sticking to the girl, man. I've been sticking to the girl and it's been working. And what I mean by that is just like mixing a base carb like. You know, be it rice or actually should mainly rice. You know, for breakfast or something, sometimes I'll get the like a bag or something. And then the like oatmeal. I'm not going to mix the oatmeal with like grand beef. But with most of the regular kind of meals like past breakfast into dinner. It's just rice with some kind of protein mix in heated. And then. You know, some kind of sauce or some fat free cheese mixed in. You can. And it works because I can have like a 600 calorie bowl, which is about 25% of my caloric intake. That means I get to eat four of those throughout the day of, you know, 50 grams of rice or 50 grams of carbs worth of rice. 50 grams of protein. Maybe more like 60. Sometimes I snack on some proteins. So I've got like some beef sticks in the fridge or, you know, I might just scoop out some ground beef. That is a separate way and have that contribute towards my, towards my daily protein intake. But you know, 50 grams of carbs, 50 a protein ish. Maybe 20, 15 or so of fats. When I add the like the sauce or whatever cooking oil was involved or anything like that. And then, you know, just kind of makes the whole thing up together. You got a pretty filling meal and it's not particularly exciting. I mean, it's very. It's very much akin to like, even like a dog, you know, same shit all the time. But, you know, that's just the point, you know. That's what makes the, that's what makes this deficit a little bit easier to stick to. So it's a given take, you know, the give is I get a filling meal that tastes like a little bit more. That tastes reasonably good for me, at least, you know, your results may vary depending on your cooking skills and your seasoning and whatever. But to the take is it's pretty plain. No, it's not that. Not insanely exciting. So there is definitely some benefit to the, to the phrase when these guys are like, well, you know, now you're for enjoyment, bro. I mean, for fuel. I mean, for fuel, I don't care how it tastes. You know, that's sort of thing. So with everything, usually it's not a one set of the other type argument. You know, it's kind of a usually a gradient somewhere in between is where that right answer is. So if you actually want to stick to a calorie deficit, then, you know, you can have some food that tastes pretty good. You can't have that much of it. So you got to be a little tougher with your tracking. And also, if you, uh, was a way. So yeah, so you can have food that's kind of good taste. If you track your calories, you make sure you don't over shoot, you don't go crazy with it. But, you know, sometimes you do have to be a bit stern with yourself and say, okay, man, shit. It's three o'clock. I've already eaten 1500 calories today. I only get 2200 for my daily alignment. If I want to keep losing a pound of body kind of weak or so, then, crap. I better not slam those remaining 700 calories in four seconds so that I can actually have some food to eat before I go to bed. Because for me, at least, my number one goal with my deficit on a day by day basis, obviously it's to stay in my deficit. But that's not an answer, right? That's just kind of, that's just obvious. So what I'm trying to do to make that go more achievable is to leave some calories for later. Right? I want to have, at least, a thousand calories or so left to be split between my last two meals or last big meal of the night if I feel like a bigger one. Because for me, to go to bed hungry, just doesn't fucking work, right? I might sit and turn, or maybe if I'm a little more restless and kind of letting myself get the better of me or letting my phone get the better of me. And it's in here scrolling. But likely, I'm just going to stay awake extra long, thinking about food a little bit. Just not even like, man, like, oh, man, I gotta get some crumb like I'm not even talking totally feeding for it. But if I'm just thinking about it in the back of my mind, and I can feel that I'm hungry, I'm still awake. And I'm just going to get up and go to the kitchen and grab some kind of something. It's in increases. It's simply increases. There's no way to get around. So if I can be a bit more responsible during the day with my calorie intake, then come nighttime, you know, come nine o'clock in night. If I've got a thousand calories left, there is basically a hundred percent chance that I'm going to stick to my deficit without blowing over. Because I can make that thousand calorie stretch. And depending on what food I eat, that could be a very billing meal. And then I get to go to bed, you know, sometimes with like a really full stomach. You know, like if I've got a full thousand calories left, and I make a big ol' bowl of like rice, ground beef, some low-sugar barbecue sauce, some fat-free cheese melted in. And then maybe you can do a couple of low-carb, like keto bread, buns on the side, and even like a sloppy joe. That can be an insanely filling fucking meal. So that's what I'm aiming for. And that's just, you know, that's not a, I do think that that's a good approach for anybody. Like, it just makes sense to me, but maybe it only makes sense to me. Like, for me, that approach works pretty well, but maybe you're going to do better if you eat like evenly sized meals, very evenly dispersed throughout the day. I don't mind three meals a day. Like, I don't mind a reasonably big, you know, 800 calorie per workout meal, maybe an hour and a half, two hours before I lift a similarly sized post-workout meal, and then like a big meal a night. Like, that's totally fine for me. You know, is that perfectly optimal instead of eating six smaller meals at two hour intervals? I don't think the difference is insanely huge. So, you know, for me, that works, but if for you, you know, if you can't go two hours without eating something, you're having some kind of plate, then you might want to start eating more food, but not more calories. So, what I mean by that is make use of making use of some vegetables, man, make use of the fluff. I can have a big ass bowl of like a pre-chopped, like Caesar salad or like a mixed green salad or something. And I've definitely thrown, I'm not so deep in the deficit yet that I'm doing it, but this is a pretty good trick I like doing, because I'll take a full bag, like I don't know how many servings just let us in, like, it's really just water and like some five versus not much coloric value. Apart from like some micronutrients. But all the full bag of that makes together some kind of fat-free dressing. And then, you know, if I've got a 50 gram protein bowl of ground beef with a little bit of fat-free cheese, then I'll eat that whole salad first. Maybe adding up to like 20 grams of carbs total, maybe, usually like 15. And then I've already got a ton of stuff in my stomach, which is given my body to the cue saying, okay, you get a lot of food in your man. You're getting close to full. And then when I finish that half pound of ground beef or turkey or whatever, then I really feel like I've had a full stomach. And I can go back whatever the hell else I want to do without feeling like I got to come back to the kitchen and get more. So, it's not only a question of like making sure that these meals are enjoyable enough where you're not just going crazy for sweets on a meal by meal. But also, so that you're full enough for long enough where you don't feel like you have to come to the kitchen 30 minutes later and start grabbing some crew times. Or start grabbing some cheese or some goldfish or whatever kind of like random snack you've got lying around. Because those are the hot ticket items which love to creep into your diet and add calories. They are sneaky. You wouldn't think that one little handful of goldfish would screw you over. And maybe you're right. One small handful might be like 10 grams of carbs or 12, you know, 12, maybe 15 or something like 70 calories. 70 calories is probably within the realm of variability of your daily intake anyway because a lot of these nutrition labels aren't even like 100% accurate. There is a little bit of like, you know, up and down with some of them. But, you know, sure one handful might not mess with it. What happens is throughout the day you don't even think about it and you've hit five handfuls and some of those handfuls turn into two handfuls. And then maybe you didn't even just do one, you reached around, you were snacked around in the cupboard, right. Even though you might seem like you're in a safe place, nobody can see you doing it. It's just you and the snacks. Yes, what? It's got repercussions. And all those little handfuls add up potentially to like five or six hundred calories easily. And then, you know, you might think you're in a deficit and you tracked everything else. But it's just those little things that you didn't track, which are now screwed you. So that's why I can't help but highlight the necessity of what may feel like a bit of the OCD style approach with the calorie tracking because all of these calories really do add up. There's no way to get around it except for trying to count them all. So that's not to say that you can't have random snacks like that. You know, if I'm coming home from the lift, or if I do send a shit workout in the venue machine has like, you know, some random protein bar. I might say, huh, I'm kind of hungry. I like how that protein bar tastes sort of like a way for cookies with some chocolate coatings. Okay. I like that. You got bang and I wanted to pay the dollar fifty for like double price if you got it in the store. And then I flip it over, read the nutrition label, okay, 12 grams of fat, 15 grams of carbs, 10 grams of protein, boom. And that just adds into my, you know, overall total for the day. Now that's not to say that I want to eat my entire, you know, daily calories from that kind of food. I'm really trying to maximize more plain foods, right? So like, ground beef like basically just wanting gradient things like that. Just makes me feel more full doesn't thrash my digestion. Like I think my gut biome has definitely improved in health from not only just eating less food, but also eating much more plain and simple foods. Like my ratio of treats to regular shit is like 90 to 10 right now. Like I feel pretty good. You know, I blood sugar's not over the place. But if I'm thinking of myself, I want a couple of scoops of better juries. I want to have them. Take the tub out, put it on your food scale, zero with, read out, okay, one serving is 200 calories and that's 46 grams. Okay, so if I have 26 grams or no, if I have a, if I have 21 grams of ice cream, one big scoop. Okay, I weighed it. Look guys, you're coming back and it's up. Dr. Macros. You can still completely be on track for your fat loss goals, man. You know, it's not necessarily a question of like, okay, you can never anything to make too good ever. And I think that's kind of a stigma that dieting gets unfortunately, just because, you know, most people who are really into dieting and working out are very like meat head-ish about it. I mean, the devil is a value to kind of a sort of simplistic brutal approach. You know, like stick to this plan, stick to it consistently, you get the results from it. But he doesn't have to be so torturous. You know, there's a, there's a lot of ways to skin that cat of dieting. So, that's how he got him. I could probably go on to, we can hours about the calorie counting. I should, I should see if I could do a TED talk about it. Let me really funny. But, legs pumps, I'll definitely feel him tomorrow. Especially on those leg extensions, I was really feeling sort of tear-droppy kind of a kind of hell of a question. So, the quadricep, I don't know, I don't know all the names of the insertions. But the tear-dropper was really squeezing at the top of those leg extensions, I bet I'm going to feel that tomorrow too, especially during the, during 35 minutes of cardio on the bike. But, I tell I got, I got chest tomorrow, which I'm already excited for. And then I've got back to the next day, which is get me going, I'm going to get arms the next day, and then leg the chest and then back and then arms the, and the loop continues. The loop continues to infinity. So, I will see it tomorrow for some hopefully crazy chest action.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 52 - Chest - Happy Thanksgiving [km-Vqhzsaus].txt ===

Alright, not so much bright and early, more like freaking dark and early. I'll set my alarm for 5 o'clock, 515, and then 6. I kinda thought I was gonna sleep through the first two, but load behold, last is up. Yeah, it feels way cooler doing your cardio extra early. It doesn't change anything. I'm still gonna burn my regular 30 minutes and 300 or so calories. But there is kind of a cool misfactor of getting up extra early. Everybody else is asleep, well you're grind. But on a more real note, you just keep it better schedule like that. This is nice. So one little trick that helps me wake up a touch earlier. Even part of it is you just have to want to. When your alarm goes off, you kinda, well I don't even tell you this, you know. But you gotta have something you wanna do when you wake up. So, it's for each or two. What? I got a bunch of cold brew coffee like in the tub. You know, it's like a leader, leader in the half or so. Just plain cold brew coffee. And I had a bunch of zero calories, sweetener and cream. So that maze will have 250 milligrams of caffeine worth of, like a goddamn Starbucks drink. But, you know, not in a Starbucks cup. In a freaking empty gallon jug. Honestly, it felt kind of, well, tasted pretty good. But whether that was from, you know, that little kind of extra steps to make it a drink in the morning. Have it a monster or what I really think is the best is just get a little caffeine capsules. So instead of having to, you know, make something or, you know, a freaking monster is like two bucks. Which, whatever, but I mean, if you do want to a day for a long time, that kind of shit has up, you know. And it's like, Jesus Christ. You go back over your, you go back over your, like, if you could see your product specific spending for like a whole year. It's like, what the hell? Let's say, let's say, so it needs to two monsters a day. It's like, like, a $1,500 that year on monsters. Oh, but yeah, so I tried to just slam one of those instantly. Somehow get some caffeine in my system and have some kind of tub of water next to, with electrolytes typically. So a leader, so, a leader, so some kind of electrolytes water paired with something caffeinated, or even just like a little 200-millimeter caffeine capsule. That's what I try to get down basically instantly. So I already had that ready, makes it all, I mean, that little coffee thing tonight. But I had that water jug with the electrolyte makes already ready. So as soon as I get up instantly, sit up, slam it, then move on. But, plan for, yeah, plan for today after this cardio, just trying to have a bit of an earlier chest day later. And then let's do some, let's do a little bit of pose and down as well. So this will be a good baseline look. And it's pretty drastic how, uh, well, forgive me for the on-hand edge of wake up. But it's pretty drastic how different I can look, unpumped in the morning versus pumped up later tonight. Like to the point where it's pretty fucking serious change. You know, so I think I'm gonna, I'll try to do the exact same poses. So I'll do the same like front-lats, front-lats, front-side chest and stuff, and I'll line them up side by side. I guess I don't want to spoil it, so I'll save that for the chest pump later after the actual workout. But, I mean, not only veins wise, but physically wise. Pretty crazy. So that's where it's, you know, it's like as good of a reference for my leanness as the little check-ins are unpumped underfed, like just waking up. It's not exactly doing me the same justice as looking at yourself extra pumped up, at least in a like a bodybuilding show context. Because you don't just roll into there completely flat, and you know, just hop up like mountain like you do kind of, you do got some pumping up activations in the beginning. So that's where even though I feel like my chest is a little bit behind, relative to everything else. As they chest and arms are, some two parts I really want to bring up over the course of time. If it just gets a pump it up specifically, then you can kind of counteract that, you can counteract that weakness because you can simply make it fucking bigger. At least for a little bit. But don't get too fooled by looking at yourself pumped up, right? Try to stay reasonably grounded because it's crazy in sick as it is to see yourself fully vainly, vascularized, but just striations or whatever. And depending on how lean you are, you can have like much more detail when you're pumped up versus unpumped. So don't forget men, you are just you, right? That's pretty much as true as you can fucking say. But with a little more explanation, it's like you just need to take in the consideration the full context of, you know, wherever you are and keep that in mind if you're judging yourself based on how you look at the time. Right? Because not only just on a pump to buy unpumped basis, I think some guys get a bit. You get really say spoiled by seeing themselves fully pumped up and extra cool lighting and, like ever, you got to, you physically took pre-workout, which makes you more vainly and gives you extra kind of blood flow and everything else. It's like, yeah, obviously you're going to look extra crazy. But then you come back to, you know, your regular normal walk around and kind of look. And that doesn't take away from the fact that you look extra crazy when you're pumped up, but don't make it feel like you're coming, don't make your pumped up state feel like normal. And then you have to like come down to an unpumped version where you're going to call a feeling shit right now. It's like, no, man, you should feel normal just walking around. You should feel extra crazy when you're pumped up. And that's, of course, that's going to be easier for me to say, get some already, that's such like a vass level. But even when I was younger, like I never looked at myself unpumped as like 160 pounder and thought like fuck. Oh, it's my last or way too small. It's like, even if I did think that, I knew that I was working out and, you know, eating my food. I wasn't so good about meal tracking back to that, but I did know. And part of it was maybe just like delusion. I wasn't based on anything, but I was pretty convinced from the get-go, like right in the beginning. The harder I work out and the longer I work out, the bigger I'm going to get. So I'm just going to keep that up for as long as necessary. And so far we're six years deep and apparently I still haven't satisfied that need for more softness. And it doesn't look like it's going to be satisfied for at least a considerable while longer. So I, yeah. I don't know exactly what I was thinking right in the beginning, but I definitely had no idea that this is going to take me down. This exact path, which I'm on now, but I am fucking grateful for it. So speaking of that, it's Thanksgiving, right? It's Thanksgiving, but it's time this video will be posted. So yeah, I'll get into, I'll get into a bit more of it in the specific things you've talked. I totally forgot about that. But either way, I'm going to go pop a squat on the Recome Ben Bike, or if it's taken, I will just do the regular seated bike or something for 30 minutes. And then let's just jump straight to the straight to the yoga room. Get some, get some un pumped posing done. All right. 35 minutes in change. Not the hardest thing in the world. I got a little bit of sweat going on, but part of that was because I had to use the seated bike. So instead of kind of having a recline position, I was standing a little bit more upright. So it almost makes you, I guess it's almost like I got more ventilation coming up the shirt. Because on the seated bike, I'm almost laying back a little bit because the pedals are more in front of you. And it kind of shuts off all my kind of interest shirt air flow, meaning the extra sweaty. I should have brought shorts for a little bit of a good little more kind of leg exposure, but what do you want to do? So 35 minutes, 300 in something calories. I'm not running the marathon here. I'm not doing anything too crazy. It's crazy enough to break its wet. It's crazy enough to get my heart up. I'm not just, it is like an active thing. I'm not sitting here like completely mindless. Having a difficulty set at two. And then doing that for 30. It's not going to cut it. It will take a little bit of effort. But it's nothing like a fucking run, man. This is not like do eight laps on the track. It's just pedal. My heart rate's probably actually, I think I might need to start up in the intensity. So I can get up in maybe like the 140 range. But I'm floating around like 135 for the full 35 minutes. That's about right. So it's not a, I don't have like a formula. But usually what I stick to is about 30 minutes or so baseline. That's bulking or cutting down at a difficulty where if I pedal at like a regular specific, I end up pedaling like 85 RPM. Ish. I pick a difficulty where I burn. Early with the machine says I burn is 10 calories a minute. And then 30 minutes 300 calories. That just feels about right. You know, it's some machines are going to be a little bit harder. Like if you can tell you're using the same settings like difficulty nine, 80 RPM and your pedaling and you're not feeling anything, then you wouldn't want to up it a little bit. But that's for, I guess that's only a tip for anybody who's already doing their cardio. So it might be a smaller percentage than I would like. But let's, let's run through a couple of impose. So even just standing like trying to, yeah, totally abs like reasonably relax. The apartment just like the activation of standing up. And we're getting somewhere. I'm, I got to, I got to go back and get a look at a clip of like the beginning of this dieting phase. But just standing here. Yeah, we are looking far leaner. Plus getting into a little bit more of a like wide shoulders relax pose. Yeah, it's sweet. So instantly, what's the start of dieting down? And it dropped like 12 pounds. That was not like in a week. That was not 12 pounds of fat. Those are not 12 pounds of water only. And it wasn't just 12 pounds of muscle either. Half of what it was. That's at least five or so pounds over the course of those couple days. We're just extra kind of food, flow and enemy. You know, because if you're eating upwards of 5,000, you know, into the five and a half, thousands calories per day, it's kind of just a constant stated digestion. You know, even throughout the night into the morning, if I'm eating a ton of food, I ain't up still having something like residually working my way through me. So after a few days of, you know, a more chill intake, like 25, 3000ish. Yeah, probably come back 3000 in the beginning of this dieting phase. Now my stomach's much more empty, right? Like I got nothing in there. So that's one boost for anything posing related. If you got an empty stomach, that's when you're going to want to practice a vacuum. But we'll have what we talk about that in a second. Just run through your supposes in here. So I'm trying to get my arms in like the exact same angle to each other. Sometimes I got a tendency of leaving this right one out a little more like this. So that's where this little camera set up helps a lot because I'm kind of copying like a posing room set up. Is that what I really love. There's this mirror and then I love one behind me overhead a little bit of downward angle. Because then I'd be able to see myself backward, same thing over here. So if you ever look back at your posing shots and then maybe you set up your tripod or something. And you're like a little off kilter or maybe you get a little lean. Having a little reflector like that is going to help. So no one legit benefit of busting out the tripod. You know you put it in front of you selfie camera facing the mirror. For any back pose, if you've got it like maybe right here above your like shooting through this gap between your head and your arm. You can adjust those little nuances. And as much as it's like you can look at the picture in the just seeing yourself while you're doing one of those. Very different because it's so much easier, you know, but yeah back is getting considerably leaner, especially. All this freaking is where it's separating like lower erectors to where my lap like actually inserts. I'm getting really excited to be like peeled in the back because I'm definitely lean. But especially like down here, there's a pretty pinchable layer of stuff which right now is only serving to like muffle all this kind of fanciness down here right in the waist. And as these weeks pass, every pound that I continue to lose is going to be more impactful into like the fucking freak factor because I mean, I've referenced this before. If you've got to lose a hundred pounds of fat. If you lose one pound, that's only a one percent change. But after you've lost enough to the point where maybe you're in the 20 pounds of excess fat range, one pound of fat now that's a 5 percent change. You get down and you got 10 pounds of fat left that you want to get off like you're getting lean now. Every pound they lose is a 10 percent boost in your leanness. So it's, that's probably one of the only things in training where the more advanced you get. The faster the rate of return ends up being. But it's also trickier because of course, obviously to lose any amount of weight is going to be a little bit hard. And those last few pounds are definitely a bit lose or they're a bit harder to lose. So greater reward, not greater risk, but like more difficulty to get it. But let me do, let's see what else is there. Oh, and then maybe yeah, yeah vacuum or am I thinking, and then after this we get into here. So this is where I'm really trying to blow all the air out of my, out of my lungs, not only like regular, but I kind of crunch down. And I really sense my abs and it kind of just helps squeeze those last little bits out. There's every breath you can blow out means more of a deeper vacuum and a crazier ratio of your waist to shoulder. And in terms of executing it. It's really just practice, you know, everyone knows how to like kind of suck in their stomach a little. So if you just keep doing it with a little more, a little more, you will get used to it. But if you ever try to practice that in the morning before you beat anything is the time. I would never even want to try a crazy vacuum with a full stomach, you just wouldn't even work like I'd sit here like. I said, I'd have too much food in here to even, to even move it around. Oh my goodness, alright. Cardio complete. Bad ass, pumpless, pose down complete. So now I just get to go home, eat a couple of meals. And then how about I meet you in the car on the way to chest in a couple hours. How to do a little, how to do a little check to make sure there's still open. Yeah, regular hours, regular freaking hours tomorrow be a little different. Because tomorrow will really be Thanksgiving. So I guess if you're watching this video that I got posted tomorrow for me is today for you. We give the gist, but yeah, so I'm going to try not to go too crazy. I guess I should talk about tomorrow now. But when it comes to the Thanksgiving meal, I really meals, can't imagine around a couple. I'm not going to go crazy, I'm not going to go insane. And that may sound me even saying that may sound kind of wild. I'll get a lot of comments where it's Sam. Why would you ever want to do a dieting phase during the holiday season? How the hell are you going to do it? Because you got Thanksgiving, you got Christmas, you got New Year's, you got anything else in between where eating a lot of food is pretty much part of the fucking course. And you would be right, you definitely not wrong. But what the heck, man? Just because everybody else is doing something doesn't mean you have to. It gets kind of tricky, that's for sure. I mean peer pressure is not a negligible component of your day, but there are tricks. There are little tricks that I'm going to employ to make sure I don't completely blow my calorie deficit out of the water. So for one, I only have, actually doing a couple days of Thanksgiving. I've got like the first day up to, I think, the third day of Thanksgiving kind of spread across a few. But my plan to at least make sure I get to have a reasonably sized meal is to save calories for later. It's not going to kill me to do like 500 calories as a later in the day like pre-work at meal. So let's say I worked out a four clock. I might skip breakfast, skip everything, like drinks and water and electrolytes of course actually still be hydrated. But only have my first meal at like two. 500 maybe make it 600 so it's reasonably sized. I just that sort of, you know, kind of reap the benefits of getting some extra carbs into my system. Go hit whatever that lift is. We're just going to be back. And then come back straight to Thanksgiving dinner. You know, because I can work out a four, that's probably not really even going to be back in shower and then going to my parents house until like six or maybe even six thirty seven when it's kind of a bad to start. And then I've got 2,000 calories left in the tech or so. And a 2,000 calorie plate is very large. I don't even anticipate eating a 2,000 calorie plate. I'll definitely eat a good chunk. I've used at least my level of guest-dominating skills on like how many grams of fats and carbs and proteins I'll eat. But by saving some calories from earlier the day until later I can kind of, you know, even though it might feel like a big plate of food right then, if you didn't really eat much beforehand, it's not going to be that trick, you know? So one more thing is when I actually get to my Thanksgiving plate, it is going to be very protein focused. You know, I'm talking a lot of turkey. I'm talking a lot of ham. I'm talking a lot of maybe just some kind of green vegetable. Maybe I'll have my mom make it kind of broccoli. Go, go real bodybuilders style. Have a huge ass. I'll have broccoli next to the protein stew. And then I'll have to back off in the devil's eggs a little bit. I'll still have a couple. Historically, I have my sister will take pictures of me sometimes. Or I've got a full size dinner plate. And half of it down the middle is like, you know, basically six whole eggs with the devil eggs. So like 12 of them in a little spread. Cut that down to like two, so four halves. But it can be done. It doesn't have to be so crazy. And, you know, if you really don't want to think about it, there is value in finding a ratio where you can actually stick to a legit deficit for however long. And then every so often, you can say to yourself, okay, I don't want to worry about calories today. I just want to eat what I'm hungry for. You don't go too crazy and do like a 10,000 calorie fucking challenge. If you eat an extra, you know, 1,500 calories above your deficit, like one day out of like the month. Or like one day out of every three weeks. And I know that doesn't, that sounds pretty sparse, which you definitely is. You can do that. You know, you're not going to immediately gain four pounds of fat. Really on a refeed day like that. Game much fat at all. All you'll really end up doing is filling back up with carbs and glycogen and water. At least as long as you didn't eat like an extra, you know, 10,000 calories above your maintenance. So, you know, you'll fill back up. You will gain some weight that morning. You might be two or three pounds heavier. But it's nothing that can't be sort of tuned back into your routine. Frankly, I do a refeed every so often. Usually I just time it to when I'm feeling like that. And I'm like, oh, how do you eat something? I'm fucking sure. Let's make today a refeed. Which usually is only like once a month at the, at the high end. But I haven't even really done one of those yet. And I'm almost a month and number two. No. But there is a value to it. You can't have to get your metabolism going again. Not that it ever stops. But you can't have a ramp up. So you're adding, you know, putting a few more sticks into the fire. It's going to burn a little bit hotter for a second. But what I don't like to see is The abuse of the word refeed Because, you know, somebody could say they're dieting. And it's a very easy excuse to just completely blow your deficit out of the water and tell yourself, and I really do mean tell yourself, guys, you're kind of lying themselves. I'll just make today a refeed day. Yeah, yeah, I had a couple refeed days last week. I'm still locked in them. I'm still getting leaner. Yeah, I think it's time for a refeed. Dude, the guy's not even dieting anymore. You know, he might do a few days of a deficit. But I think, yeah, it's not that crazy to say that a week of good dieting, you know, a week of a, basically 300 or so calorie deficit every day. So what that would mean is, like, if you're eating 20, let's say you need a 2500 calories a day to stay the exact same weight. Like, if you eat 2500 today, you will not gain weight, you will not lose weight. That's your maintenance. So if for a whole week, you're in a 300 calorie deficit, then across that week. Now, you basically just burned 3000 calories, ish on or from your internal energy stores, right? Your fats. Like, policies. If that burning, you know? So that's about a pound. A good way of measurement is usually 3000 calories or so, is about a pound of body fat. You know, so if you picked it, or no, no, no, no, no, no, my sin. 2,100 calories, yeah, week is not 10 days long. But if you're in a 300 calorie deficit for a whole week, seven whole days, you just burned 2100 calories from internal energy stores, from your fats. If that next day, you went crazy and you had a 45, a 4500 calorie day. You just completely blew your deficit, now you're way over, you know? Because when you're dining down, it's not just about how hard you dieted for one day or two days. There's three to, even five fucking days. It's about your prolonged average. So if for this entire, what's 50 divided by seven? That's seven. Seven in change. If for these last seven weeks, deficit, Monday through Saturday. And then Sunday, I just ate whatever I wanted to had a ton of food. I wouldn't have lost any fucking weight. I'd still be sitting at like 252, 255 or so. Like not bulking weight, but just maintain maintenance weight. Because if you looked at the average, I wouldn't be in a deficit. I'd still just be eating a calorie maintenance. So there are tricks to go about it. You know, there are insane. There's a lot of value to like eating specific meals and getting the low calorie buns and diet sodas and like saving breakfast for a little later in the day, shortening or eating window, biasing more filling foods. But you can't get around being hard on yourself in the sense that there is no work around being in a deficit. You know, increase your cardio, of course, that's going to help. Maybe increase your frequency of the gym. And by that, I mean, if you're lifting three times a week, if you started lifting four or five, you would be burning more energy throughout the week. That would help increase your average energy expenditure. But apart from, you know, increasing your activity level, the only fucking method I feel is controlling your calorie intake. So if you can't do it, then you got to figure out how. You know, and it's funny. I was just reading the comment by somebody. It was like, what the fuck happened to Sam? He used to eat so much fucking shit. And now he's like crazy strict. What happened? Well, dude, what happened is I'm dieting. You know, I'm kind of, it's like when I flip the switch, it flips pretty hard because bulking up. Like, I'm not, I'm in no way, am I saying this is the greatest method ever, right? But, me historically, if you eat enough food, you will start to gain fucking weight. You know, whether it's from the occasional canyac combo with some extra tenders, or if you're just doing straight rice and chicken, like a baller, if you eat enough food, you're going to keep growing. So, you know, I leaned, at least I have leaned a bit more towards the dirty side of things. My bulks are getting a bit cleaner, and I am starting to see the benefits. Just less stress on my whole system and my gut, and everything else. Like, the, all the, and if you've ever said like, Sam, you got to start eating more like conventional bodybuilders, style meals, like plain ingredients, oats, rice, potatoes. You're totally fucking right. You know, that is, it definitely helps. But it's still a question of if you eat enough food, you're going to grow. And if you stay within a certain limit of food, you're going to get leaner. It's no way around it. So, if you can flip the switch like that, it is going to do you good. Plus, it's, I almost feel like the harder you bulk, the easier it is to die down. Because for this first month of the dieting, it didn't even feel like I was trying it. Like, the first month of this dieting phase is just like a fucking relief, because I didn't have to eat so much food, because I was getting, like I was getting sick of it, it was just too much. So, it's like, it's like a little yin and yin kind of up and down, Evan Flow sort of thing. Because it's like, I bulk hard enough to the point where I'm like, so done with it that I'm ready to get into a deficit. And then I die down, usually hard enough, where at the end of it, I'm like, all right, I'm really ready to get bulk it up now. So there's never too much of a low, which, which is done me pretty. But in a, in a calorie talk, what's my plan for chest? I do have a plan. I at least I have, what was it about to say? Well, I've got a basic plan. You know, I've got an outline. It's, uh, some pressing of some variety, probably Smith machine, some cable, converging press with an inclined bench as such. And then some fly base movements, you know, and I might change the order things, but at its core, those are going to be the primary movements. And I'll still get these comments. It's like, you only did one heavy press. I mean, you know, I did like three sets of it. What's the, I don't think I'm going to get more out of chest if I do, like, two sets of inclined Smith, then two sets of hammer strength press, then two sets of dumbbell bench, then do like, do you pressing movement? Go hard, of course. But after I've done three or so sets of a heavy press, sometimes for if for whatever reason I've got some extra kind of strength and endurance on that day. But usually three at least in this deficit, it's like, okay, let's move on to something a bit more, direct squeezing, because I can feel my chest on a press. But I can feel it a lot more. I'm like a cable squeezing kind of press, or a peck fly kind of thing. So, I mean, your bicep does your chest doesn't know that it's doing a dumbbell bench, or if it's doing a Smith venture barbell, it knows if it's getting wrecked. So, if you want to have a workout where you do ten different movements, if you're fully pumped at the end of it, and you're growing, you're good. But usually I like to keep it a little bit simpler. And then that helps me keep the workout moving a little faster, because all the time that you're unloading machines, and loading machines, and moving from this to that to here, and then you're waiting for this guy to be done. It, you know, just taking time and energy away from what you should be focusing on. You've set by set basis, f***ing hype. But no more chatting. Let's just get started. No lift off of nothing. I think I might have like 12. I'll see you here. Okay. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Yeah, let's go. Whoop. Probably there's one more of those. Yeah. Yeah, still going on. That's enough of that. Reasonably light. Very squeeze focused. And I want to get a beep stretch at the bottom. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One more. Same weight. Same freaking weight. No. Yeah. Cool. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Go. Let's see one more a little lighter then move on to some kind of fly. move on. All right, let's do some flies. Let's do some heavy-ish bent-over flies. Much more pumping style fashion, because after those heavy sets of pressing, and then the solid squeezing stretch-focused sets of the cable press, my primary concern right now is to give as much blood in my Texas possible. And some good stretch flies with a hard squeeze, I like it. I most certainly fucking like it. Wait within a reason, but still reasonably have to do. All right. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Yeah, okay. All right. Yeah. That was good. Next, it'll be a slightly different execution. But honestly, I didn't get after that. I could, yep. Let's do some early style flies first, and then finish with some deep-lying flies, sort of as a super-setting style action. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Money make this a triple drop set. No. That's good. Oh. Yeah. Let's go pose this shit down, man. We done. Just completes. Just complete to a satisfactory degree. He thought it was going to say, saddest, ethonth factory degree. Try not to, I promise. I don't swear so much in regular life. Something about the one on one here just gets me going. But basically exactly what I predicted. Heavy pressing, squeezing pressing, and then fly base stretched up at the end. Guess what? That is a certain recipe. That's a recipe for a freaking pump. And let's just say it's time to pull out of the oven and see what we're working with. And as these lifts progress, or at least chest-wise. My chest will only continue to get more and more separated and vein-y and, like, and strike-y. And everything else under the sun. I'm excited for it. But I mean, I kind of, that goes with that saying. So let's just, let's see what we're working with. Oh. Oh, yeah. I promised that it'd be far just then, as little like armpit action. And then, I'm going to do this. Oh, okay. That was officially the vanias pose of this diet. I've seen fucking stars after that. Be careful about doing a flex where you really won't your breath. I'm fucking squeeze like that. Especially after hard lifts. And if you're carb-depleted from having dieted down, you need fucking pass out for real. I've taken a wobbly step after a, you know, vani can pump, pump-check like that. So be mindful, be mindful, not joke. That's why the deadlift, you guys. They'll finish your deadlift and then, okay. Just a little bit of, hmm. What you call that? Rapid onset hypoxia? Not exactly, but whatever. So one of us says they're chest-wise. Maybe just classic double-buy. Oh, man. All right. Let's get one more little relax, most muscular. I know what you have here. So shoulders are beginning to get more and more straightened, which is good for me. And that will just continue to kind of increase and freaking this factor as time progresses. So right now it's kind of just in a waiting game, you know? I'm dropping weight at the rate that I want. I'm staying, you know, a size that I'm comfortable with. Let's just keep going, man. You know? Spea, slow, but smooth. And smooth as fast. So let's get in the car and discuss some other tantalizing topic. There we go. That was good. That, that wasn't just good. That was freaking crazy. Especially with that breath-holdy flex at the end. That gap. That small softness factor. Separating, you know, separating veins and muscle from skin of some, let's just say, some adipose tissue, right? Some fat. The thinner that gets, the freaky of this diet, will get. And I've never been diced. Like, I've been lean. Like, I've been pretty lean. But I've never been like, even close to like, show kind of ready diced. So that's part of the plan for this, for the next few months, just to get to that level. And I don't mean part of the plan, like, you know, an arbitrary sense, like, maybe maybe not. That is the plan. So, we'll just have to keep riding out. See, exactly how far this should go. But, you're ready for some kind of something. And it is right. It's not even like a prediction. It's simply an observation. You know, so postwork at a meal, not really sure. But I know it'll be something with a good chunk of protein. Might just do some, might just do some ground beef and rice, man. It works, you know, no reason to complicate it any further than that. But, we'll just have to see. I did a breakfast, with a pack of ramen, with 50 grams of protein, worth of egg whites. And a little bit of red hot, wing sauce. Fat free. Well, might have like half a gram of fat per serving. But that was good. That was pretty good. And you might say, see, you are never going to get lean. If you eat a pack of fucking instant ramen. Well, for one thing, it's just not true. But, you know, you're, I'm not going to say you're wrong. And, would it have been better? Would I have had a better workout? If I had 50 grams of carbs from, like a sweet potato, with those, with those egg whites, maybe. But, do I think it would be very noticeable? Not exactly. You know, got some extra fucking electrolytes from all the sodium in there. Drink more than enough water to counteract it, so that I use it for, you know, hydration instead of dehydration. Because there's, you know, the misconception about your salt intake is that, you know, if you take into much salt, you're going to dehydrate yourself. You know, like drink it, see water, but you need a certain amount. Because that's what runs your whole fucking body's process. You know, I'm talking all the way from, just basically a stand-live, but also listening. You know, your muscles don't just, they don't just suddenly move. It's all about a potassium sodium, magnesium, all sorts of other shit sort of balances, and outs of positive and negative ions and stuff, where that's what actually makes your muscles contract or release. You know, that's why when guys get insanely dehydrated, and they're running on the zilts for potassium, then it's just physically dangerous, if you don't do it right, because then they're completely, like, rung dry of all of those necessary kind of, you know, well, would you call it an electrolyte on micronutrient? I guess you would. But, you know, if you don't have any that shit running around, you're asking for a fucking trouble. But, a salty meal, more than the fluids to make up for it, hit my protein, and then 15 grams of fat, or actually ended up being 20, because there was, I cooked the eggs in about five grams of olive oil. So, all that's up to about a 500 or so calorie meal, reasonably filling, and I think the kicker behind it all is I liked it. You know, like there is a, there is a certain balance that you have to take any consideration, because you could write out, the most insane workout regimen, or the most insane diet regimen, or whatever, but if you can't enjoy it to some degree, then what sort of likely that do you have? Basically, do you have to stick to it for a fucking long period of time? You know, it's like zero. So, don't just suddenly jump to, like, you have to do it exactly perfectly, or else there's no point at all. I want to go all in, everything absolutely perfect. Wow. If I can't see it all the way, I don't want to do it all the way. Oh, man, that's just fucking, but we noticed, if you've worked out for long enough, you know that you've got to have a routine that you can't stick to, in perpetuity, and then build up from there, right? Because you can have the perfect for protein, or you can write out the perfect routine, or you can have your perfect routine. And you are a different guy that everybody else in the fucking planet, not only just, like, genetically and subjectively, in your own life experiences, and what gets you amped up in what kind of, you know, turn it off, but also your schedule's way different than everybody else. So that's where you can't look for a specific answer, and like, how do I do this? And which, like, there are a lot of overarching values to be taken about working out, calorie counting, training intensity, for the most part, work at frequency, you know, twice a week kind of deal. I mean, a lot of the grunt work in terms of figuring out how working out and building muscle works. It's already been done, like it's not, you don't have to reinvent the wheel there. But you just have to, you know, accommodate yourself to be able to do that on repeat for a while, because some guy who burns himself out in two weeks, if he was trained in twice as hard as the dude who got into the gym has been working out for now six months deep, and he's gonna keep doing it for years to come, and who's better. And that guy has so much more time to build up and get used to it, you know, it's not a sprint man. Like if you're thinking about working out, and you're excited about what your build is next year, or when six months, or after like a four month Balkan phase, or like maybe try to widen your horizons just to touch, because hopefully once you start working out, that's a forever situation. Like I am, the body building insanely bulky kind of approach. That's not forever for me, but the gym itself, I mean, at this point it's fucking hardwired. I'm not even talking like encoded into my mind. May as well have taken a, like a hammer and chisel, like the metal kind of like presses where it stips, like an engravings, and me as a little bit lifter right in the front of my, what do you want cerebral cortex or whatever else? That's not going anywhere. You know, so like it is a long game man. And if you can get excited about that part of it, then you are ahead of fucking everybody else, you know, because you got a constant source of motivation, because you know you want to just keep working out it for a long time. And I feel a little bit out of place when I talk like this. When I say like you know, it's constant workload, it's constant efforts because it, I mean it is like you are constantly working out it, it is definitely you're putting physical effort into this thing. It's taking a lot of time, but it's like I want to do it, you know, it doesn't feel like work. It feels like an activity. And half of that is the fact that I've got a routine, or I mean just like an approach to working out where it really gets me fired up, you know, like I've got a routine that I like to do, every part of it, at least in some way for me, I have a good understanding like okay this is going to do this for me. Now I want to do it even harder, right? Because if you put somebody in the gym who's never worked out before, and you write out like a workout program for me, give them like a, you know a chess workout, a back workout, just some basic stuff, full-lands, rows, pullovers, bench flies, pack that current like you write somebody to push pull legs workout. And you say, here you go, you get free range, follow these workouts for a while, keep going. It's probably in a suck man. You feel like you're doing a, a damn to do list. Now of course you got to get used to working out and build up some training experience from zero. So you do have to go through the process of learning how to do a curl and do in bench and you know having a reasonable form. But to have a deeper understanding of why you're doing some of these things, it just adds up so well to how hard you can go at it. You know? So what I'm trying to say there is like, if you tell somebody to do a couple of, if you tell somebody, dude, tuck your shoulders in, keep your elbows a little bit beyond 180, like don't bench parallel, like put them at a little bit of a camera, and like whatever, like you, this is now getting into example of like explaining some form style tips. But if you just tell somebody like that, do it like this. This is the right way to do it. That's not how you teach anything. That's not how you, that's not how you would still fucking knowledge or whatever, right? It's, whereas if somebody were to be explained like, okay, if you do these curls in this way, you're going to feel much more of a kind of burning sensation of the top, and the harder that you can do that, the more beneficial the curl is going to be for you. Like if you can explain the process of like, the what and the why, and not only like for somebody explaining it, but if you can get that, and you really have a grasp of the what, the why, the how, then it no longer becomes a guessing game. It's simply okay, if I follow these steps, I will get the results that I want. And it's, I think it's just an ignorance as bliss type situation. Why not so many guys are looking in the macro tracking, or counting the calories, or you know, making sure they're taking all their multivitamin to try to get their sleep done, because if you don't think about it, you don't have to worry about it. You know, somebody who doesn't have a good grasp of like, okay, if I get a really good night's sleep, not only am I going to feel much better than next day, but in a lifting context, I am going to be so much more recovered. I'm going to be able to go harder. I'm going to have a better workout. I'm going to enjoy it more. And I'm going to get better results of the work that I'm putting in is going to pay off, you know, much denser way that if I'm just scrapping around. The guy who doesn't give a shit about his sleep, he doesn't have to worry about that. You know, he just gets to say, man, I didn't get any sleep last night. All right, let's do some chest. You want to do legs today now? No, no, no, come on, let's do arms. Right? If you turn away from it, you don't have to worry about it. Right? But I think that's the more, I mean, especially right now, you've basically got the entire damn freaking world that your finger tips with your phone. So, to not look into it is, I would say that's a, that's a conscious fucking choice. You know? But if you got those basics down, then it's really, you know, you're going to get them into a question and just how bad you want it. And I don't mean that like an overarching sense, like, all right, like sometimes shickets in the way, you know, whatever. But by going to set by set basis, the lift by lift basis, and then just on a day by day, like making sure you leave a good chunk of time for you to have your workout, whether you want to schedule that for like six o'clock, or maybe you just save it for like, okay, I'm going to lift around seven or eight or so, then come back, like having that ready for you, makes it so much better. Because it doesn't, because eventually, it'll no longer feel like a chore. It will just feel more like an activity that he gets a duke and a joy. And, you know, it's like guys where they, ah, well, I mean, just imagine this, right? Who, who do you think is going to have more fun? The dude who works at MicroCenter and is putting together computers for work, or the guy who is like, oh shit, this is probably somebody, specifically, who's about to get a badass, like set of PC parts for Christmas, and he's better put it together to play some games to get to enjoy. He is going to love putting that fucking thing together. He's like, oh man, I can't wait for this, I can't wait for what lies after this, where is the guy who's kind of forced into it, and he's like, ah, it sucks, you know. So, whether or not that came across, how I intended, he get the gist, right? Try to work out in a way that you enjoy, and if you enjoy it, you'll go harder at it. You'll get better results from it. And once you start getting some results, I'm not even talking and insane, like, you know, get a 315 bancher, like simply making any noticeable changes in your progress, be it size, leanness, strength. That is such an awesome validation of the fact that what you've been doing has been working. And once you know that, it doesn't become like, if I do this, then this will happen. It's like, if this happens, I'm going to do this. And then it's just upwards from there. That's why I feel that the matter. So, if you know somebody who's part of the new year's resolution crew, make sure that they get into it in the right way. And that's actually, I read that, that's such an open end piece of it. That doesn't even, that doesn't even try to, it's a piece of advice that's silly. But, you know, try to, if you know something like that, try to ease them into it, and make sure it's a positive environment. The last thing you want to do is like, look at somebody say, why the fuck you bunching like that? So, this guy's been in the gym for a week. What the fuck he's talking about, you know, so that's my shit there. I, yeah, so I, I always better say something I tell him to forget. Well, either way. Why does back day tomorrow? So, I'm going to go eat something. I'll just see that.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 54  - Arms - Value of the Mind Muscle Connection [3Lu0tIVPl50].txt ===

I'm not even sure I really need the glasses. It's kind of muggy out today, but even though it's just cloudy, I see the comments saying it's not winter yet. Freak it feels like winter. It's like 31. When I got up to the car, this morning, I even just went to the apartment gym I got. I was freezing. Yeah, yeah, I can, that's one thing which I get jealous of anybody. You know, none of the Southern coasts I'm talking for to California, at least at your other bottom side. You know, starting to miss the warmth, but maybe I just got to start dressing appropriately. You know, a t-shirt and the thin pants, I'll have to swap them out for some more thick kind of sweat suit style stuff. But regardless of temperature, it'll not hinder the pump, even if the weather gets close to not even close to literally just emergency level. These lifts will still go on some way or another. I've never had to do like a dory in the eights walk to the gym, kind of thing. Usually I just, I guess you can say, got a risk where even if the rows are kind of un-plowed or whatever, still just try to drift in. Probably usually within reason. Like if it was actually too crazy, just do the home gym kind of a kind of a lift. But yeah, one time in school there was a really bad kind of snowstorm. I think it was, trying to think about maybe two years ago. No, no, no, no, no. It's more like three and a half, four. Not four. Probably three years ago, two years ago or so. When I was at school, everything fucking shut down. Class, gyms, and I called ahead in the plane and fitness that was about 20 minutes. I think east. They said they're open. So I get in my car. I could barely go over 20 honestly. Like the roads were actually really fucking slick. I already drank my pre-workout. I'm excited for some legs and low and behold, shut down. Whew, I guess they can staff in which would make sense. And then the problem had even allowed to force, you know, to force somebody to come in and work if it's an actual fucking snowy emergency. So I'm sitting there in, you know, basically 40 minutes away from the house. Stimmed up, but luckily enough, there was actually a pretty hard chord gym. There was 24 hour about 15 or so minutes further. And that's snow time, not like regular drive time. So, you know, I roll in there and ended up saving me. And that gym was actually pretty cool for a while. But yeah, that day I didn't, did not pay for a day pass. The people that were working there just weren't there. You know, obviously it was like extra snowy. So I just roll in. Whew. Ask, uh, asked to the guys next to me if I need to do anything. They tell me the same shit. And like, yeah, we would pay for anything either. You know, we just came here because everything else was closed. But with, uh, with a couple of these 24 hour gyms. Yeah, there is, uh, a part from catastrophe. There's really nothing stopping from getting to work at it. So that's part of the reason why I like having a couple of different memberships. Just let's you change it up. But today with arms, tries buys. I want to do a touches, touch of shoulders. Nothing crazy. I mean, um, mainly side delts. Maybe like touch a rear delt. So really, I think at the end of arms, I'll just do like a couple sets of side lateral raises just to really kind of pump them up. But arms specifically, I've had a lot of luck with triceps these last like six or so months, maybe even more like seven. Bicing a lot more. Squeezing extensions, you know, like if you fast, uh, oh, I guess you can say fast reverse, like a year and a half and you click an arm day that was, you know, that far back. All my triceps stuff was way different than I do it now. It was all like two plates slapped on the stack. Really heavy. Not even breaking 90 degrees on my on my tricep angle and just kind of bounce them down there. Which, I mean, it worked like a totally full like I was thrashed my triceps, but I was definitely missing out on a stretch position. So that's something I've really been trying to work on. I actually have been working on it. I am now executing. Like with the rope, especially in the, the dead machine too, but mainly the rope or single iron push down, I can really feel like I get... Oh, it's too, uh, almost to the point where like my arm is just running into itself because it just can't bend any further and then going back into the squeeze position. And not only do I think I've seen a little bit of extra tricep gains that way. It just feels better. Simply getting more pumped quicker and with less weight. So my elbows are barely ever tender. Only if I accidentally like, you know, bump it on the corner or something, do I have to kind of, you know, hold back a little bit on the triceps side of things. And then curls, and then I'm not simple enough. Maybe some self-assisted reps, some, you know, dumbbell preachers with some, like, assisted concentric and then ride the negative. But I think we'll just have to see this really not much point in guessing what the curling portion of the lift is going to look like. Because I got to finish the whole tricep portion first and then be able to decide there. And depending on how that portion of the lift goes, it might change what I think would be good to start. Like, right now, even just guessing I could say, all right, I would probably like some regular alternating dumbbell curls to start. But, you know, who knows, maybe I actually finish triceps, move on to a couple of light dumbbell curls to warm up and I say to myself, yeah, let's start with some creatures here for whatever reason. That's what I'll do then. So it's almost a, uh, it's really a start that set when you get there. Kind of deal. But as long as you're nuts, your lifts finish fully pumped, you can feel legit fatigue and you know that you actually push yourself. You weren't just lying. Then I think you're good. All right, change it up. But if you've got a basic skeleton, kind of framework of how your workouts look, no need to flip it onto its head just for the sake of, uh, you know, the fact that you watch some video tell you, like, oh, this is the greatest way to hit arms, like, you know, get a pump go hard and then the rest should begin to fall into place over time. But I think that's all I got there in terms of an arm introduction. Let's just go start this arm destruction. Yeah, there we go. Took a second to find a rhyming word. That's not getting too crazy. Just start with some moderately weighted ruby acceptance. And these I want like a good second hold, release waves. I can try to bend my arm backwards, hyper extending itself. I'm so you can't. But like that's what I'm trying to imagine. And then go from there. I can't handle the wires. I can't lose the wireless headphones. I tried. But this disconnect is too nice. But let's, uh, let's get real here. Actually, one not checking that. Yeah, I got dropped the weight. But let's do one more. Failure is much more abrupt. When you do a full kind of stretch like that, because I mean the strength curve of your triceps is actually a little bit easy up here. It gets hardest when your arms are 90 and then almost gets like easier again. Just because you have better leverages. So now it's surprising that's the sticking point. But keep my head. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. One more with that weight. And then maybe do it. Yep. Next or something? Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's move on. This will be a little on the lighter side, at least relatively forming for these dips. And basically just going to do them in the exact same executed style as the rope. Deep stretch. Holder and squeeze position. Maybe some partials at the end is a burn out and you know, some shit like that. All right. Not that I can go a little heavier. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Oh, crap. Let's do more and more with the same weight. But maybe make this next one a drop set. The pain of how many reps I can actually pop out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's just do one more straight style. And that actually might be it. I think some overhead extensions might have some value after this. But yeah. That's probably about seven sets of tries and that's sort of some curl. That's the one I'm fully pumped at the end of my mind. I may make reasons a little bit faster this. Now the time a bit. I'll let it slide. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not done. I just want to make this like a rest-post. So those reps are going to be hard. I'm going to give myself a second to breathe. And then be able to get more than if I were to just got a regular failure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's enough of those. Fuck. I think I'm really feeling the extra carbs from fucking yesterday. Yesterday's the day after Thanksgiving. I don't think I've got much room, pump-wise for two more biceps sets. I think one more good one. Well, probably fucking at least in this fully cooked. Now, what do I want to do? You need to move on to the side, but I'm sure it'll be a reasonably good decision. Reasonable strong probability. This is going to be it. So I think I'll probably turn into a bit of a drop superset. But the first portion will be underhanded by set by a pull-outs. So you know, it looks like I'm doing a fucking pull-down. I'm not trying to activate my last, my traps or anything in my back at all. I'm trying to purely isolate my biceps. And this is the moving I'm doing. I need to fucking curl. Now, it's a little funky because it's like way up here. And my arm is changing angles. But at its core, I'm still just pulling my hand towards my shoulder. Trying to use everything in between. Except for my forearms, of course. But after this sort of first burn-out portion, I think I'm going to drop the weight. Back to seat up and burn out with some light cable curls. This will definitely result in some bicep pumpage. I wish there were some way to like have a sensor or something that like some kind of electrode that could actually portray it. But until then, you just have to take my word for it. Okay. I just saw that. Yeah, what's in here? Now. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. That is all she's bringing a rope for bicep. Let's go fuzz down. Well, no one need for the side ladders. They're not today. Alright, little, little spits softly lit in this kind of pose down room. But well within reason. Plus, if you're standing right under a light, no matter what the orientation is, it's probably going to do something for you. But let's just see how pumped arms were after that reasonably. I mean, I reasonably use the right word. Relatively lower volume arm day. At least compared to what the last few have been like. But I say, oh, I just from looking, you'd never know it. Ooh. Let's start with the start with a little back pose from already facing this way. No. Yeah. Let me actually step forward a little bit. No, okay, that's it. Alright, let's see what else is there. I'm part of this classic kind of fucking most muscular. Oh my gosh. I'm getting excited to get extra lean in this portion specifically because the lean arm's get and also just my waist in general. It makes your arms look like there extra beefy. I mean, I'm getting to the point out where the waist arm ratio, at least where arms are pumped. Like, that's not enough in bouncing around in there, you know. There we go. Yeah, we got something going on. But that is most certainly a solid arm day, especially due to this one little caveat. I didn't have any carbs yet today. I, you know, given that I kind of overdid it a little bit yesterday. I have a little bit of a Thanksgiving refeed. Now nothing serious, but like, enough where it's something that I do have to take into account. I might be a little bit extra sparse today in kind of an immediate, like, reactive sense. Just to sort of jumpstart the getting back on track. But the whole point of the refeed is you kind of, I mean, basically just poke the fire that is your get running through shit. So it's like, okay, I got to run off some extra energy now. Oh, I get to get used to extra. And then when you go back to your regular deficit, it almost feels a bit more intense. And not like feels for you like subjectively. I mean, feels like like, oh, shit. Now I'm burning extra calories. Because you don't want to completely crash your metabolism off the rip. If you're about to start trimming down, because then you'll have nowhere to go. I'm bulking up and coming down. I've, and it's not like I discovered this people in the same this for a while just took me, it took me a little bit to really grasp it. But it really does help to ease your way into it and to increase the stimulus that is that diet. Be it like the amount of extra food you're eating in a bulk or like just how low below your maintenance you eat in a dieting phase. Because if you shoot it too far in either direction, then you're just going to burn yourself out. And I don't mean like mentally. I mean physically, you'll notice results begin to fucking cease. You know, I've been bulking for so many months on end over the course of time where I was like, oh, I'll just, I'll suddenly break through this plateau. But really, I had just eaten so much food so quickly already that it like totally gas my whole system got biome thrashed. I've known his way better results. Increasing calories throughout the bulking phases and slowly decreasing calories throughout these dieting phases. And that just jump and straight to like, I'm freaking starvation mode. But arms wrecked. And you're stomach at it here. It's gonna go. Arms complete. Arms very well complete. Might I add? Might I freaking add? And quickly note just as a general recommendation. I think there are two kinds of people. There really are two kinds of people in the world. You know, the people who have not watched a berserk and the people who have, right, a little bit of a, a little bit of a plug there. I, uh, I'll tell you something. I, uh, I think Netflix took berserk off of the three movies. I think they used to be on Netflix and other gone. And those three basically covered like a good chunk of the story. So if you can handle it, it's a little long. But you know, go on to read it. Look up berserk redux. Because it's got, uh, you know, there's like an old show from the 90s. And then there's some newer movies. But each one of those iterations individually skipped a couple parts. So if you look up, um, if you watch that, this guy basically really like, methodically clips together the two so that it was a cohesive kind of story to live. But just trying to put you on, man. I'd tell you, I think I've probably rewatched it maybe three times. And it's not the whole story, but it's, you get the gist of it. Uh, it's, uh, unrelated to the arm day, but just, uh, just something I wanted to say. But that was good. Those, uh, I could definitely tell that pump was, what's the opposite of hindered? It was aided by the fact that I had so many extra carbs yesterday from Thanksgiving. So I actually kind of got extra pumped extra quick to the point where it's like, okay, that's it. You know, no need for really much more. But it's, uh, it's kind of a fine line, right? Because you want to do enough where you actually stimulated growth, obviously. But you don't want to do too much to the point where you're just working for no reason, tiring yourself out, you know, increasing your training stress without increase your training stimulus. And usually I think a good little, uh, detector for where that line is, as long as it, as long as your sets are done with a pretty reasonable amount of intensity. Then I would say whenever you're just about ready to be fully pumped, that's usually a good key you've done enough. Now that's, um, that's not like a blanket statement because obviously for somebody who isn't so in tune with just straight up getting a pump. It's kind of a heart of the tell, right? So that's where as a beginner, for not even as beginner, but earlier in your training career, it might make a bit more sense to stick to like a specific number of sets per lift, like I'm due legs, eight set to quad, eight sets of hamstrings, chest, eight sets, four of pressing one of a squeezing or light of pressing the two of a fly, arms, eight sets of push downs, eight sets of curls, dry a couple, you know, bounce them around because it's just a little bit trickier to, uh, to know where that line is, and to you've built up enough experience to be able to say it. And I'm not trying to say that like, like a flex, like it just, it does take a little while to be able to tell like, okay, should I do one more, or should I call it there? Because that's kind of the enigma of every workout, you know, zero sets will induce zero gains, but infinity sets will not induce infinite fucking gates, right? If anything, if you sat in there and did, uh, bicep curls for eight hour straight, you're probably just going to, totally, after you feel better. Well, yeah, this is having that. You're totally just going to burn yourself out. You're not going to grow. You're just stressing out your system, you know, so clearly infinity is the answer, and zero is the answer. Right? It's the way we're that implied, somewhere in the middle, and not really in the middle, just somewhere along that line. So usually, I've, uh, it's taken me a while to bring it down, uh, in the beginner for whatever, or in the beginning, for whatever reason I had it in my mind, that I wanted to do 25 set workouts twice a week. So everybody part, 25 sets from the get go. So 25 sets of leg curls, or 25 sets of hamstrings, which I wasn't even doing hamstrings for like eight months, because I didn't, in my mind, wave hack then. I was like, why do I want the back of my legs to be big? Oh, my quad should be big. All right, thank you. Didn't, uh, I didn't have all these same values I have now, way back when before I knew it would be better. Right? So really just goes to show the fucking evolution over time. But for arms and back and chest, five movements, five working sets each, to go from there twice a week. So I'd have two chest days a week, and each one would be 25 of a con set total. And so five sets of bench, five sets of inclined bench, five sets of Smith, five sets of cable flies. Five sets of sopen. Oh, five sets of peck deck, you know, whatever, which was definitely overkill. That amount of volume was not necessary for the amount of stimulus that that volume was giving me. But it did do me some good, and actually not some, I think, a lot of good, because it gave me a lot of training experience. You know, so I was doing three times the sets that somebody else might have been doing, and maybe a bit of a more optimal workout. But I was also getting three times the experience in three times the amount of reps under my belt, which I think definitely ate it in my comfortability with these lifts. Because with anything that more often you do it, and the more comfortable you get with it, the easier it's going to become to do. And the better that you'll get at it, right? I mean, you put, uh, you try to put me on a tight rope. I'm not going to make a few steps, but if you thought somebody practice it for years on end, to guess what? The guy can do a freaking double back flip, land on his leg, like laying on his back, double front flip, land again. You know, that sort of thing. So, don't, uh, if you can't feel your chest when you're doing a bench, or you can't really feel your lats, you know, you're kind of, uh, when guys say, you know, really activate your mind most of the connection. And it kind of puts you here a little bit of a loss. Don't freak, you know, do not freak. That is something that is just going to come with time and training experience. And it's a pretty cool feeling when that training experience kind of manifests itself as a realization. One, uh, probably the most abrupt I ever had was when I was in my basement gym at my parents house, doing chest one night. I'm doing incline. I got a mirror on the wall, so I could see myself do it. Mmm. Mmm. There, I'm sorry. That's just the nature of the deficits, making me sleep here. But, uh, they're not even like sleepy, people just like a little bit more, uh, a little bit less energized. But, so I'm in the basement gym. Inclined bench, barbell. Probably only had like one, probably only had like two or five of the bar. Maybe actually one like one, eight, five, something like that, you know, and, uh, Well, it's got a lot of it. But, I'm looking at myself in the mirror, and as I'm doing these reps of incline, something in my mind just clicked, where I could actually feel my chest, pulling my elbows upward, rather than just feel my hands pushing the weight upward. And those are very, uh, that's a very different feeling. So, I think another thing that kind of helped me with that is, uh, if you ever look at like just human anatomy, or just try to imagine like what's really going on, because I don't think a lot of people think about like, okay, if I'm going to pick something up, I'm not just like, my hand is not just something moving, and then my hand is raised from like, some non-existent force. Like, you are just this mechanical system of fucking pulleys and levers, where it's all about, uh, you know, contractions. So, rather than think of like pushing, you really never push anything. There is no push in muscle fiber, it's only pulling against opposite kind of levers. Like your tricep is pulling this part of your elbow toward itself, and that's resulting in your hand moving that direction, right? Your chest doesn't push, your chest pulls your upper arm towards itself, right? Your hamstrings are, well, your quads, and you're doing a leg press, you're not pushing that weight up. You're actually just pulling your shins into a stretch position and pulling your thighs into a straight position for your glutes, and that's what's actually moving way to right. And it's not like you have to think about that or think about it like that to be able to imagine it. But for me it helps. Like for me that really clicks. So when I'm doing those tricep, push down to those dips or the concentration, uh, preacher curls, or just the preacher curls, that's what I'm thinking. Like I'm trying to put my mind into whatever muscle I'm working, or at least just, you know, be extra sensitive about it, and really try to feel where that contraction is pulling. And in doing so, I swear you can squeeze harder. So just something to think about, right? And then the long thing you do it eventually, you'll get to the point where you can just like flex all sorts of muscles all over the place, like nothing. You know, I'm talking like pop in your peck style, that's sort of stuff. And it's kind of funny. I catch myself doing it a lot, especially on back, like when I edit my back day videos. Like sometimes I'll sit and I'll like squeeze and like tense up my lats. While I'm watching the reps, I think I'm, I think I might have lost it a little bit on the lifting side of things if I'm, if I'm doing that. But I mean, it's just, that's just part of it, you know. And the more you can do that, like the more isolated of a contraction signal that you can send to whatever muscle across your build, the better. Because it just makes you more efficient. If I'm trying to do set of curls and I use the straps which definitely helps. And I only send signals to my biceps to really curl and not to my forearms and my, like, break your, I think, break your radio alicir or something. The part of your forearms that gets worked and like a hammer curl. Like if all of that can stay relatively relaxed or at least as relaxed as I could make it. And the target in muscle on trying to work is the one that ends up doing all the work. Then I've succeeded in doing a well isolated set. It's a little different if you're doing like a compound, or especially if you're trying to work on like a strength vector, like your power lifter. I've seen you want to lift as much weight as possible. Then it's almost a complete opposite. Like you want maximum muscle recruitment of everything. They completely tight tense and brace. Like I think that's where power lifting and body-building really differ the most. Because body-builder is still going to do a relatively heavy set. Like not for one rep, but, you know, for eight or 12, like still hitting failure. But it's in a way where it's much more concentrated. It's like a stipe of rifle versus a shotgun. Dealers, dealers, choice there, I guess. But whether or not that analogy made sense, just keep it in mind. Before you know it, you'll be sitting here just fucking flexing your chest and your triceps and your lats and your glutes and everything else. You start to understand what these guys mean. And they talk about that mind muscle connection. Because it really is just an experience thing. So eventually it'll begin to click, click, click, and click. And then you'll be the guy telling somebody else that, like all you do to get a feel of your lats broke. You have to relax your forms and your biceps. Pull with your elbows, not your hand, pull with your elbows. Your hands just need to act as a hook. Like, you know, all the classic kind of phrases. But, playing for the postwork at meal. Might do a breakfast for dinner, type situation, egg whites and a half a bagel. So only 25 grams of carbs, maybe a little bit of butter, five grams, seven grams worth. And then go from there. My primary objective is not eating a ton of food here. It's really trying not to eat a lot. So it's, but I'd say it's still just as tricky, even though it's the absence of effort. Because when you're bulking up hard, I mean, it's hard to eat a lot of food. But in a complete opposite spectrum, it's also hard to not eat a lot of food. But if you're getting ready for a dining phase, or if you've already done a couple of dining phases, you don't even talk about it. I think that's all I got. I'll see if I hope to be a wild, like-day tomorrow. I know I'm gonna thrash hamstrings, but if I had to take quads a little bit lighter. I was hitting quads a little bit too hard. The last three lifts a week and a half ago and before. And I can tell I kind of like stressed a little bit. Not like a serious muscular pull or anything, but just like little kind of twinches. Where if I were to keep doing a really heavy quad day lift after lift after lift, it would add up to potentially some more serious tweaks. But we'll just soon read it there. And of course 30 minutes of cardio in the morning. Don't skip your cardio. That's one of my main pieces of freaking advice for anybody. So I'll, I'll, I'll just see it for legs then.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 55 - Legs - Veiniac Combo [hCzEVZBvX-c].txt ===

I don't think it's necessarily anybody's fault specifically, but training legs legs getting a love. The lower body does not get as much love as chest arms, shoulders, at least not for enough of the male demographic. It's kind of crazy to complete opposite on the other side of the spectrum. But yeah, we want to say it legs, man. It's hard. It's not a lot of fun. And I think the thing with legs is there's not much to, there's not much to flex about with legs. And what I mean by that is if you do an a crazy S arm day, even if you're 180 freaking pounds, your arms are fucking pumped up. You get bigger arms. That looks pretty fucking cool. And arms aren't a lift where you get crazy props for lifting super heavy. You never bad S arm day, which is a 30 pound set of dumbbells, doing some curls. There's no point. So the showoffee part is just kind of in doing it. But with legs, not so much. Where's what are you supposed to do? For anybody who's rapping above three plates is kind of a rarity. So it's like the flex of it takes a little while. Because it takes a bit to even get to that level of strength. And then I think people just don't feel as cool if you're sitting doing like a set of leg curls compared to doing some kind of shit. Rherended. You fucking, I got to go to, man. Holy shit. Not Jesus. Well, either way, three current pile up here. I was about to say, oh, now I'm getting distracted. Yeah, so it's, I think it's just not cool. If you're sitting doing a set of leg extensions, there's a little bit of hype there. But hamstrings especially, now breaking down legs in a subculture. There's not as much hype when you're doing a, you know, when you're doing a set of leg curls compared to anything else. So that's where you got to be. That's a probably legs is the lift where you've got to have the most sort of contact with your delayed gratification. And, you know, it's easy to get hyped up about legs, at least for me. Because usually the way I think about is like, oh, yeah, nobody wants to do it. Nobody wants to do the hard shit. Everybody wants to sit around and fucking, you know, do bench and back and shoulders and arms. There's a reason you don't see a lot of guys. Well, actually, there's a legitimate reason. You know, it's a lot of guys post leg day videos like any kind of, you know, influencer character. And it's not just because they were skipping legs or anything. That's how I'm saying. People don't watch them. You know, legs not only gets no love from a consistency standpoint of anybody else, but yeah, I'm not sure what the solution to that is, you know, I'm not necessarily making a, I've gotten those suggestions on doing it's making an observation. So if you're on the edge, if you're teetering around, you know, some of your buddies are going to say, oh, come on, we're all lifting the Friday at five. We're all doing chest. You're really going to do arms. You're, you're really going to do legs. You're really going to leave us and then, you know, go do your own thing. But the fuck man. So the peer pressure is strong. So not only legs are hard, you know, getting to kind of like extra satisfaction pound leg pump. And then also, you get dudes at your gym physically trying to get you to skip legs. You know, the odds are against you. But that's where you can pull sort of an underdog move, right? Hit legs like a nutcase anyway. And then fast forward how many months, even during a bulking phase, you should be able to see some pretty noticeable differences. But it is going to take off. So in terms of the progression of my leg training, it is much different than when I was a beginner. So it's not like you have to make any of these changes right this second. You know, I mean, back when I started, I didn't even do hamstrings in my mind. I thought, why do I want the back of my leg to be bigger? That doesn't make any sense for cares. I'll just work my quads. So I think I probably went six or seven months maybe with like very minimal hamstring training. Like it took me a while to even get to the point where I started doing that even. But after that, yeah, just kind of increase from there. Hamstrings and hamstring curls and leg extensions there, my bread and butter. But I think it was maybe four years deep, four in something. I don't know. I like that work, but I wasn't doing a crazy mental leg press or squats. Once I started doing the squats, I can see something that's where it's, well, maybe not like just the rate of growth. I mean, it's completely different depending on the dude. But that's where I saw better results for me. Just because I'm getting into deep kind of press, it's like taking somebody who only ever does cable flies or pectech and then showing them like a chest press. Once you figure that out, like, oh shit, I should be doing this. Why the hell have I not been doing this? So for a while, I think I almost took it a little bit too far. Kind of, you know, it's kind of being a squat supremacist in a way, because I would say in the quads, I'm looking back at all the Tom Plats clips. Why would you ever do leg press? Why would you do an inferior movement, right? I think he might have gone a little overboard. But when it comes to leg training, there's not much room for criticism, for Mr. Plats. Of course. There is a big difference between the lift or who squats on the regular and the one who does it. I'd say it's a similar difference between someone who really goes nuts on squats versus someone who just is kind of leg extensions and maybe some leg press. And then somebody who only does, well, upper body, right? Not to be a leg day skipping basher, but it's kind of a, so. Oh, that's just a, with this lift tonight, given that I'm dieting down, I'm just trying to maintain and not tweak anything. Probably not going to see a five plate squat, but I will make sure I get a nasty ass squat pump more than stimulating enough to maintain all the beef I've got built up. So hamstrings, very similar to normal, Artiels, laying curls, seated curls of some variety. I might even have some supersets in there if I feel crazy. And quads will just be, whatever quads that's not being, you know, some leg squeezing, leg extensions, maybe get a little heavier if everything feels kind of good. And leg press of, yeah, not going to go so crazy and the leg press might just do some single leg kind of stuff. And then maybe back to some Sissy squat, leg extension, the supersets, and that'll be the end of it. And I'll probably camp out of the ad-ductor machine as well. That's one thing I can't really, I can't really stress enough. The ad-ductor machine, right, like the ball crusher when you're sitting there, squeezing your legs together. That's not just a random ass move that really strengthens all sort of stabilizers. Intra, you know, what's this bone? Femur to spine, or wreckters, all sorts of stuff. It, yeah, can't speak highly enough of that. Because if I, you know, squat or doing a leg press or anything, and I haven't been doing much ad-ductor work or any ad-ductor work at all, it really does kind of show in my feeling of stability and confidence when I'm pressing. Because if your ad-ductor's in a week, man, I mean, sure you can have pretty fucking strong quads, but if you start pushing too hard or too heavy, it's probably gonna end up pulling something. You know, it's like so counter-intuitive, right? It's like, I'm doing a squat, why would my ad? I'm not squeezing my legs together. If you're really pressing, they do end up getting a pretty good amount of activation. So like anything, you know, same thing with your rotator cuff, make sure your whole system is moving. So before I even do a set of amphrine curls, I'm gonna camp out of the adductor machine for at least a couple of sets just to kind of get the area warm with a little bit of extra blood flowing. But until then, I think let's just, let's all get to say. So let's get this leg day started. Let's keep the classic. So with the heavy set of leg curls, slow and fucking controlled, I think, well, you probably shouldn't go that heavy anyway. But I think I'm kind of at a point where the stack is reasonable weight. Because this is gonna be like a set of 10 minimum with a full contraction, pause, and a slow eccentric. But the real gist I'm trying to get at is like, you know, pick a weight that's heavy enough. With something like hamstrings, they get no love. I feel like they just get treated like an accessory movement, which depending on the movement isn't a bad thing. You know, sometimes doing some stuff for your rotator, especially as a warm up. I mean, I'll catch myself just, I mean, I'm literally listening to like a video on my phone while I'm sitting here doing some kind of warm up stuff. Every set doesn't have to be like a ball to the wall, explosion of intensity. But with a regular working set, this is legit muscle group I want to build. Don't take it too easy. Like, you know, push yourself to legit failure. Maybe not for a weight that's so heavy on you, fight reps. But within that 10 to 12 range, I say, go as heavy as you can where that 10th rep is like a legit run. But that's a, it's too couple of these and then we'll move on to something else. Oh, my, okay. Yeah, Robbie, I wanted to more like that. And then I think, well, either land crawls or artiels would be next. Yeah, that was good one. ooh violent Oh my god Okay Looks hard Let's move on. But not to another hamstring movement. I think if you have a change of plans for the form of that a this like day, which I'll explain in one second. It's been a while, but on occasion, more so for arms, sometimes I like doing two sets of tries, two sets of buys, back and forth, back and forth like that, maybe you kind of have a, I wouldn't say super setting, but almost like tandem workout. So I do it sometimes with legs and usually only when I'm diving. Something maybe it's like some of the extra rest, because hamstrings now get basically two sets of rest while I do quads. So it's almost like I can build up some strength again, or kind of let them have a little bit of in-set recovery, but half of it is also, once this workout's over, since I've been doing hamstrings in quads at the same time, my legs are pumped front to back. Usually if I do all hamstrings then all quads, my quads are fully pumped, but my hamstrings it's kind of deflated at touch. And especially in a dieting phase, it's just the nature of a man, your pump is fucking fleeting. So let's start with some single leg leg extensions alternating reps. So 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, not too heavy either. Like actually this is pretty moderate weight. So this would be more of a burning out, it's kind of set, really just half working set, half like warm up so that when I move on to something like a leg press or whatever else, likewise there are almost primed for it. But either way, I want to squeeze the shit out of everyone in these reps. I'm gonna give a quads burning with a different song though. No right now. questa use Oh my gosh. All right. Let's go a little heavier and then do one more. And this next one I might make a little bit faster paced. A little more of a burnout style than a slow squeeze style. But one more and then back to some kind of curl. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Let's do some light curls now. No. This one will be on the lighter side. But again, I really want to get a good squeeze out of it. So imagine curling 50s versus 25s. If from curling 50s, just doing the rep is the hard part. If from curling 25s, I can really give it a hard squeeze at the top. Which occurs damage very quickly. Like I get a so much hate on the squeeze. Like it's I don't know why it's the meta to be like you only have to focus on the stretch position. Dude, if I did all these reps and I was barely contracted in the stretch position and all I do is bounce around the stretch position. Oh, it's rewind if you say it's if I didn't squeeze during the squeeze position and all I did was bounce around the stretch position. My pump would not be as far as good. You got a contrast with the squeeze with the stretch. Right? And we're getting in the game. I've said that a couple times, I'll probably say it a few more. It's kind of a good analogy. But this will be a squeezing set. Relatively faster pace though. Not too slow. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Oh, you're acting. Oh. That was good actually. I think one more just like that'll be nice. No. Oh, I got it. That was good. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Let's make this one a bit lighter. With the reps is done in a bit of a different way. Right? Yeah. You're going to have to pick up. This will be sort of like a half a rep style sort of thing. So half way up. Pause completely stop the momentum. And then I can't just ride the weights movement because I stopped it. So I have to send extra signals and really squeeze my quad, which is obvious. Right? I mean, it's it's a simple. I go obviously you have to flex your quad to move the weight. But it's usually so typical that like we exert our hardest signals at the bottom of a rep to get it started. And then once the weight is already moving, you know, it's like why I don't really love dumbbell rows. Why I'd rather do it the cable row because if you launch it at the bottom, you can just ride that weight up to it at the top. And then just keep launching it like you're a spring like that's the activation. So doing a pause rep like this, it does help me get a good kind of connection with okay. That's what it feels like to really squeeze instead of just down here at the bottom. But after this one, I think back to leg curls and just go from there. And I am aware I just said in the car all that shit about how I'm trying to change up my quad training from doing the leg extension leg curl stuff. This is not a building workout per se. There's as much more in tune with maintaining the quasi of already built. We'll have you up there. Alright. Yeah. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Okay. One more like that. It's slightly heavier though. This one's just going to be as many reps as possible. Burning out and probably the simplest way there is. No. No. No. No. No. I can't get up. I like that. I can't close the bat. I'm really supposed to have a point. No. No. No. No. No. Oh my god. Yeah. That's enough. Alright. So paired with the badass song, which I have yet to pick. This is going to be a reasonably torturous. Like per se. I want to mean by that is like it's not. I'm million pounds is going to crush me if I fail. It's that it's actually light enough that I can do 10 quick. I can do like maybe 14 or something without like pausing at the top. But then it's kind of gets extra challenging. It's like a little bit hard. You're long. Obviously you're fucking breathing. You're working the biggest muscle on your body requires. But yeah, it's just a different way to go back. And sets of leg press like this. Higher rep lighter weight. I want to really get my quads pumped up. Like heavy sets definitely do it. But some of these lighter more. I guess kind of volume focus sets. Really just final blood in here like. Well, what gets funneled. Alright. Some shit like that. But let me pick a good sign. Give this out. Bring me the horizon fails to let me down. In a while though, let me see what comes up. Yeah. King's lighter action. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Oh my god. I'm going to give myself some assistance with the press. I might own quads at the top of those. Oh my god. Yeah. This is a good leg pump. A little bit of hamstring activation from the leg pressing too. Not to be forgotten about. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. You're good. Oh, I did okay. Oh, yeah. I think that's finished with one more set of those leg extensions. That would be it. A little less pressing than I had in mind, but a lot more leg inflation than I had predicted either. So, you're good little given give. But one more. And then I think let's suppose that, see, it legs look off of 120 grams of carbs. Let's sum... Let me think about this. I want this to be a very pumping set. So, if you could call each of the sets of done so far and experiment on, like, what the set wise versus how it felt for today, the sets of quads, they made my quads, well, just feel the most pumped. At least of the leg extensions, or the ones where I kind of threw the weight around a little bit. Like, not to the point where does this as ludicrous? This is stupid. Like, if someone's doing a set and you see this, like, they kick it into the air and catch it. That's, you know, I think you're within the realm of goofiness, beyond, like, stimulus, right? But a quicker rep, which still has tension all the way through. That's in the green, and that's good. So, I think let's just do alternating reps, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, until quad destruction. A little heavier. How about 145? 145 paired with... paired with what? Yeah, in the night, GXX got dang it. ......... yukaaaak, Let's get a surprising. Right leg went out before the left. Ooh, yeah, we're good. Let's not waste any time talking. Get straight to the mirror. And see if there's any new veins. All right. Quads, hamstrings, both complete. And I would say both equally complete. Not so much bias towards one or the other. Well, last couple of quad days, or the last couple of leg days, I've had a back off a touch on quads just because of my own stupidity. I was going to wait to have a couple of lifts like two weeks back, like 12 plate leg press. And you know, in like the lower 2000s of a calorie intake, that doesn't really match in terms of the rest and recovery set of things. You know, so I've had to take it a touch easier on quads. Which I still am, you know, at least in like the weight department. But I think now back, so now I just have to curb my ego, quad-wise, and not go so fucking crazy. But one thing that I think might change soon, might start busing out some shorts just for legs. Well, okay, actually maybe not. I don't like bare skin on the leg extension pad. That's not really something I'm into. Yeah, that's really things up. See, I've got so many older pairs of shorts, which I used to really like, and which now I just can't even fucking wear anymore. They don't fit my quads. All right, cool problem to have, but honestly, I have like, like these shorts fit a second to go. I don't have a lot of shorts like that that I actually would wear. But I'm actually kind of telling myself to shut up just from looking at this. Yeah, about we get a little extra zoom just for this sort of display purposes. So this is this is just the veins that are out purely from standing. No breath hold, no nothing like these ones are just here. So let me take in a big breath really squeeze and see just how many we can force out. But either way, yeah, this one especially is probably the freakier side. There's some, there's some veins in here. And the right leg is actually a little bigger up in this quadrant of a quad, but yeah, I think the left side has the vein, the vein superiority, whatever. Oh, no. No, I got it. And then I'm even just standing, glutes are going to fucking be exceeded by the thickness of the hamstrings, eventually not yet. I mean, like my hamstrings are small, but they're not overpowering, but which is why you're not going to catch me do any like hip thrust. Like glute wise I'm all right, I need more quad and hamstring. But let's see what the arm looks like, you know, here. No, oh my gosh. Oh, well, I would, I would pop a squat and do a little bit of post lift model I'll just right now, but the music is so loud, let's just cut to the car. But yeah, man, I mean, nothing to fucking complain about. And then they're only going to get freaky from here. Let's try to pay at least a sense of an homage. Yeah, not the same fucking freak factor, but it's still a quad nonetheless. So it's going to car. I have a post lift discussion and then get ready for, I guess you're ready for bed, then. It's fucking late. That was a really good fucking leg pump. Right. And half of that is to do with the fact that that lift was pump oriented. And what I mean by that is like my main goal was not necessarily like complete destruction a little bit more so in the stimulating kind of side of thing. Right, you know, that was cool. That's a, so that's one thing I have kind of implemented before is I've had a couple of really cool shirts like a long sleeve, whatever a couple of like some all like short sleeve. Just let me just play that fucking church and they used to be very baggy. Like they used to be like draped over me and you know, I just didn't get rid of them or anything. You know, even if they get tears or holes because over time. And I've kind of filled them up. Even, I mean, I've had shirts that I, you know, were extra big on me when I was one. 60 and then once I got up to like 200 or so by the end of high school, I was like, whoa, that shirt is a little tight. That shirt is coming out of the daily roster. You know, got to be retired, got to make a pit stop and find something else. So same thing with the shorts. It's just a, it's a cool physical milestone where you're like, okay. Hmm. I was, or I used to fit into these. And now I'm now I don't. And that might seem like pretty arbitrary to be uninitiated, right, to the non-lifter. But, you know, it's anybody who's really been putting in a lot of effort into working out and trying to make physical progress. Right. I mean, usually just for it's own sake, you know, or, I mean, if you're doing some kind of sports specific thing, that's a little different. You got a different metrics that you're aiming for. But, you know, it's as simple as shit, man. You know, something that I, something that I couldn't do before. I can do now. All right. Guess it's kind of a reverse. Something you used to fit into before you can't now. But, I mean, that's just cool. You know, again, it's a very, it's a very validating kind of thing to see that, right? I mean, that's, and then it just feeds into your motivation. You know, I'd say out-growing clothes, seeing people you haven't seen for, you know, at least like six or so months. And then they noticed that you've like beefed up a touch or in reverse. I mean, I run, I'm bouncing around all sorts of gyms. So I see it on both ends. You know, in my, at my level of things, like, and especially how I'm doing it, I've got insane weight fluctuations. I'm, I'm damn near 35 pounds lighter right now than I was, like six months ago, or four months ago or something. Or whenever, you know, my peak hadiest was. So, I mean, if somebody, if I even run into somebody for like six months or so, they don't know what the fuck they're going to run into, right? They're either like, like either extra big and soft or a bit leaner and dice peel, kind of, I'd say, in a subjective sense, better looking. I mean, like, do not give me wrong. I love the bulk look. But it's kind of just, like, a stepping stone to get into just big and lean. But I mean, fast forward a couple more weeks of dieting. I mean, I'm already feeling the hunger even when I was doing that. When I was walking into legs there, I was like, I could tell I probably wouldn't mind slamming, you know, some kind of random ass protein bar or something, just to have, like, something in my stomach, right? But until then, you know, it's, I like both sides of the same coin, right? bulk up, cut down, big and strong, leaner and crazier looking. It's a good little back and forth, you know? But, but yeah, I mean, seeing legit third person sort of validation or objective, like, values where you said holy crap. I've been trying to beef up. I've been trying to, like, bulk and count my calories. I haven't stepped on a scale for a few weeks. I'm six pounds heavier. Or I'm however, I'm pounds heavier and whatever time frame. Holy shit. What I've been doing has been working. And usually it doesn't take much. It does not take much to feed that sort of, uh, drive to say, hold crap. Okay, if what I've been doing has gotten me these results, and I like these results, then if I keep doing what I'm doing, or I do what I'm doing even harder, more diligently, then I'm going to get even more results, right? And it's just kind of, uh, sort of an upward positive style. I mean, I kind of want to say a addictive thing, right? Because, I mean, the second that you, um, you know, go to grandma's house and you haven't been there for a year or something, and she says, who is that? That is not my grandson, I don't know. Like, that's a cool feeling, you know? So, it's not the end all be all of life, of course, just being bigger, but it is certainly a fun aspect to it. And I'm sure I take it a bit too far, but, you know, what are you going to do? Right? Everybody needs a thing. My thing just also happens to be the work and out. And it's like, it doesn't have to be just lifting, you know? I think everybody should be working out, but not everybody has to take it to such a crazy level, you know? Like, don't be, don't be fooled. I'm like, I'm self aware that I'm taking this to totally, it's just crazy point of like time and dedication and effort, but, you know, just wire like that, right? You'd say the same shit about somebody who was like, cooped up in their car, I do work in hours and hours upon like, like, welding and modding cars and sort of shit like that, or like getting really crazy into coding. One of my friends, he told me, or he keeps me updated sometimes. One of his brothers is like a crazy ass high level, like, coder, like national world level competitions. It's just crazy to see what happens when he's do something for hours on end, on repeat, and you're doing it actively. And usually that only lines up with things that you like. So for you, I mean, you're your own dude, you've got your own life experiences and preferences, and you've got your own like, narrow pathways. Like, two guys can live pretty similar up or things and be like completely different on the outside of it. You know, I can't even be predicted. So I think there is a bit of an overlap of certain things for certain people, where it's like, okay. I like this. I have a little bit of a natural kind of like aptitude for it, and I like it, that's usually it. I like it, and I've got an aptitude for it. So if you can combine those two things, or potentially find something that you can really dive into, like that, and just put hours upon hours of time and effort into, and then you get some kind of something back, and it doesn't have to be like, it's not monetary, it's not like competing wise. It's, I mean, it's really just taking a hobby to the extreme, you know, because you get a certain, like, development, I think, from having something like that. And it just feels better, you know, because regardless of whatever kind of random shit you got to do that day, or that week or that whatever, if you've always got something to spend a couple hours on, or even just an hour, like on, doesn't have to be every day, every couple of days, whatever, where you can get really excited about it. You're just enjoying your time for the sake of enjoying it in the moment, like it's not for any other purpose, like that's just fucking fun, you know? So that's where I say, everybody's got to have a thing like that. Or at least it would be nice if everyone did. And if you feel like you don't, then that should just be a cue that you haven't found it yet. You know, and you got to start looking around, right? Try new shit, you know, pick up, well, I don't know, right? It's up to you. And it really comes down to like, okay, what do you think would be cool to be good at? There's a beginner stage for everything. And honestly, right now, is probably the peak time period of being able to utilize all the information on the internet to learn shit. Right? We're a little bit before the age of like, near a link, whatever, where, you know, if you want to get good at working out, you can just download like, you know, the work and out update into your mind. Hopefully you think, don't get that crazy, but you know, whatever. So it's like any niche interest or whatever that you want to get into. There is already hours upon hours of information that's been documented. And with everything, there's always a place for people to talk about instructions and how to do it and how to get into it and different tips and all sorts of everything. So it's like the barrier to entries, it's on your end. I mean, if you think something could be cool to get into for whatever reason, I think go for it. And then the worst thing that happens is, eh, I don't know if I really, I don't know if I actually really care about that. And then you just, you know, you had a face. And afterward, shipment, you probably learned something. Or if you didn't learn much, you at least learned okay. I don't really like that. Let's try some other shit, right? And then just by pure statistics, eventually you should find something where you're really into it. Right? Be it, ah, the fact man, I'm, you know, what else do people do, right? Who knows, maybe you could be the next world championship boulder. I mean, I don't know, right? That's, it's not for me to tell. It's for you to find out. But I like it. Because then I can go to bed and say, oh, I did that. I had a really good lift. I was sweet, okay. I really pushed myself. Or I can say, oh man, I can't wait to go eat chest tomorrow. Which, I can't wait to go eat chest tomorrow. I'm already getting myself like an excited about it. But you know, it's, it's just nice. Because like regardless of if you're planning to have, like, you know, hang out with somebody or like go do something extra, like just for fun. You've always got something to look forward to and to enjoy on a daily basis. So, that's where I, that's where I say, you gotta find something to fill that void. So, I mean, just a little tip, which I'm kind of spoiled. I found mine a while ago. All right, like this working out thing is, not at the end of it yet. And I don't seem to be for, well, forever. And this is kind of going to be a, a long term type situation, which the longer the better. All right, I mean, if you were like, done with it in just a couple of months, I think that's where some of you guys could learn from some long term thought processes, and then you could enjoy like one piece or, you know, or anything else long like that. That is the crazy shit ever. So people will totally watch all of the game of thrones, but then they'll hate on one piece and say it's too long. And if I can nuts, I'm not going to have to do that. But either way, that's all I got for a little post-lift talk. Good leg session. Now I'm ready to go eat something. I predict ground beef. I predict your ground beef. And then whatever sides will be paired with R to be determined. And half of that is just to be determined by what I've got. I think a grocery trip is long overdue. So I can guarantee that I'll see you tomorrow for chest. And a grocery haul, or I guess the amount of you can haul just a grocery trip, you know, popular cart. That is also in the near future. But I'll see you for chest tomorrow.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 56 - Chest - Freak Factor Over 9000 [BKgLLKfZLmU].txt ===

It's officially winter. It's gotta be. It's fucking December 1st. So honestly, I should have been a little smarter called the video. Because all these videos are on a one day delay. I should have titled the one I posted today the first day of lift-less. Even though technically it's today because today's the first. But anyway, the first day of lift-less. I'm not going to be hitting some chest. Some chest with a touch of shoulders. Just for kicks. Just for fucking kicks. And the reason I say that is my shoulders are overdeveloped. You know, like when I have an arm pump and I do like a back-to-l-by-shot. When my arms are a little extra bigger than normal, then it's like okay, we're working with some work-a-cooking fire here. But in a lot of other, like side-chairs, anything. A little bit delt dominant. So, you know, for that reason I just don't do much much. But they do need some activation every now and again. For probably too full, right? Just to get a moving. But also, I'm just like I'm going to shoulder pump every so often. So probably the last couple sets of chest. All, uh, all superset them. And not like a legit superset. I mean just kind of in-between sets of flies. I might just do four, uh, four or something. That's a lateral raises. Not the hardest thing in the world. But, uh, a little boring for some, you know. The shoulders, um, shoulders gets a lot of hate. Shoulders and arms, I feel, for the same reason. Because it's always like, oh, one of my supposed to do. Just eight sets of side lateral raises. What am I supposed to do? Just eight sets of curls? I mean, I don't see it like a ton or anything. But that is the argument, you know, hype it up like doing back or chest or something instead. Even legs. Because these guys are like, oh, well, what am I supposed to do? Just sit in one spot with the 30 pound dumbbells. And just do sets a lot of raises back to back to back with that really. Change anything up. It's like, I mean, yeah, man. Kinda, you know. And I see that as a positive. So all that means for me is, all right, it's window. Methodist shoulders. I don't have to move on to different kind of machines or anything else. I can set up camp, you know, pop a squat on a bench or a little seat or something. And then, just go nuts, right? So I see that as a simpler being better, not simpler being boring. But with just, I know I want to start with a reasonably heavy press. I've been doing a lot of incline smith or barbell. So I think that might be off the table. And I might want to swap it with like a plate loaded flat press or Pensually a hammer strength press. I'll just have to see. I'll just have to see when I get in there. But after that, I kind of get free range. I'll move on to some kind of fly some kind of cable press perhaps kind of a superset between the two. And then, without a pro-chman, just always leased me with a pump chest. So there's a certain skeleton of a workout plan that I have. But the actual details and like the, you know, the order of everything. It can fluctuate based on the day. And for me, at least that works really well. Because it makes me excited. Because I know that every workout isn't the exact same workout I just did. You know, it's not giving me like, day job, ooh, like, oh, I just did this chest day. Last chest day. Okay. You know, we're like some shit like that. So I also think that lets you accommodate for any, you know, particular ins and outs of how you might be feeling on the day. Because if you, if you just stick to a random, and not random, but a set routine without much variability, then I feel like what can happen is you can actually, like, put yourself in a position to, I mean, even get hurt. Because if I roll in and I'm doing lateral, uh, or I'm doing like, rotate a couple of warmups. I could tell my right shoulder is a little, uh, it's a little funky, it's a little, and something's awful. Like nothing, nothing jarring, but like I could feel something's off. Maybe that's a good indication or I shouldn't try to do, you know, three plates or access on the incline barbell, or this or that or whatever. You know, like there's a lot of little warning signs that you can feel for and kind of just have a sense for in your warming up phase, where that's what I want to have complete before I decide to say, okay, what should I do next? Because if you don't, I mean, they feel like you're just going in blind. And of course, that's a bit easier for me to say, because I mean, by now I've done almost like 2,000 lifts. So split between body parts. That's like 500 or so chest days, probably actually maybe a little more. But, you know, I've done them that many times. I've got a bit of a feel for like, okay, if I do this and then this and then here and, you know, I know this is going to add up to a workout that's going to feel good for me. If it's easy to pump up, you know, that's kind of what I'm aiming for, right? If it's easy to pump up. So after, you know, having be able to look back on that bank of experience, I think I'm getting a little smarter, or I can say, okay, maybe 4 plates Smith machine isn't a good idea right now. Maybe I should maybe I should go in the lighter, or maybe I should do just some cable presses today, make it a bit more squeeze focus. Like some guys do like a heavy quad day versus a light one, you know, maybe they do heavy leg press, Smith, Swat, whatever, and then they counter that by doing more squeezing stuff. The next leg day, just so they don't kind of start to a crew stress like in your hips or knees and everything else. So all that's to say is just have a good try to develop a bit of a lift or sense for whenever anything is a little bit off-kilter. And not only that, but if something is like if you're patch the point of like, okay, I'm hurt. Don't do the same shit that just hurt you before, or like if you're if your forums on fire right in the pity or elbow when you do like really heavy curls. That's a pretty clear indicator of a, you know, of sensory response, maybe don't do those curls anymore, you know, maybe do something a little lighter. Just get the area warm while you sort of recover it. And I know it obviously sounds simple here in the third person, right, but I've seen guys where every lifts to my shoulders like really screwed. I get, I can't even bench and I'm watching the guy say that as he's batching, you know, it's just doesn't compute sometimes, but either way, five, 25. It feels like it's freaking eight o'clock based on how dark it's getting. So I'd say within, before the top of the next hour, we're going to do in a freaky pose down, preferably, or at least hopefully with some veins creeping across my chest. And then I'll say, uh, I'll probably end up saying some shit like holy crap. Whoa, you know, it is something silly like that. But I think there's nothing else to discuss. This just makes this chest slash shoulder day happen, pose down and come home. I, uh, I've only eaten one meal today. It was like a late, actually more like just like a late lunch, and then I took it now. So, I mean, I've been up for a while, but I did, uh, yeah. So, we're in a little lower food-wise, but that's kind of the whole point of the diet, so that's good with me. All right, the fact that I've got 1,800 or 1,700 calories left to eat after this workout. All that means is I get to go to bed with a full stomach. So that's, uh, honestly, that's pretty much a W every time, or at least every day that I'm dieting. Because going to bed with going to bed hungry, ah, just sucks. Plus, but likely, how you're going to get up, find the randomest snack you've ever found in your club, in your, uh, like in your cupboard that you've never even thought of eating before and say, to yourself. I don't know if I'm kind of hungry, you know, maybe I should just eat some, some, whatever. Maybe it's, uh, try not to try to save some calories before bed just to hold you off and see you fall asleep. But yeah, no more chat and let's get started. I'll be honest with you. I don't think this is, because there's a ton of different hamster-string chest presses, and this one's good, but my favorite. And then this isn't like a grading scale, which one's better, just like my preference, but they've got like a really incline one. I guess this is the other version of their flat press, and I got more of a decline. Usually the flat presses my favorite, but this one's just something about it, not perfect, but for what I get available, this will do the trick just right. So three plates into 25, which like, it is heavy, but I don't feel like I'm going to hurt myself. Like the three, three filler reps, the three plates felt very doable. So I mean, I can see this being a 15 reps set. But one thing with a lot of these machines is I'm going to put these plastic clips that spacers, because if I don't, I feel like I'm going to hurt myself. Because I'm like, I'm going to get a stretch, but I don't start at that starting position. I feel like I'm just asking the trouble. That's like putting somebody onto a, a cambered bench bar, where they get an extra two inches range of motion. I don't know where. I can, well, a freaky, but by adding these two spacers, and as soon as I lift off the fall of the ground, and then I can get into it. But, you know, I think left me to do this pick a good song and go nuts. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, oh my god. Three plates of the 25 was too much. Let's lose the 25. But it really gets started though. One thing I like about the chest presses specifically, much more cost and tension. I'm going to work the whole time. But that's kind of a get out. Let's do the next one. I was just going to do that. Let's groove. Kind of old school. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh, good. That was a good starting machine. But I think I've got my, you said of it. Let's move on. I got a little faster pace because I'm dying now. It's not like I need five minutes. It's like really tips to the damage that my sets do in a bulked up state when I've got extra energy. Extra fucking like glycogen, extra everything. I can really swing and fucking heavy hammer. But dying down. I'm going to get more of like a, like a nail hammer, right? So I can swing and start as I want. It's just not doing as much damage. You know, like fully carved up and bolt. I mean, this would be like 25 reps. But it's not about the numbers. It's about the subjective intensity. No matter where you're at. So if you wake up week one day, the musician, man, failure is still failure, whether you're doing three plates or one. But let's move on to something else. Maybe, uh, well, I guess we'll find out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm surprised I can even rip out three plates after those sets of chest press. So I'd say the heavy portion of this lift is complete. So I want to totally contradict it with this set. 35 pound flies, which very doable at this point. But kind of a high angle. And then I'll just go back to the shoulders back here and keep my palms up. Because whenever I do any kind of fly or even chest press with cables, once you start pushing like this, especially for me, I'm already prone to hunch. As soon as I got my hands over here, front delts pump to help. So keep my palms up. Help to keep my front delts out of it because it almost like rounds them out of the way. So it's more chest. So to do these, maybe a superset afterward, or close to done more than halfway for sure. I mean, four crazy sets of pressing done. That's about right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Let me make some adjustments. I think I got a lower heat scapula for the next one. Another set of flies. But this one is going to be a bit more pump focus. And what I mean by that is of course, that ass value through a slow controlled set. But you don't need great. Don't neglect. I don't know what words I'll try to combine there. But I think there is still a value of doing some pump out reps like quicker faster pace. Just constant tension the whole way through. Not even crazy slow. And I mean, I can't explain the myel fibular process, which makes my chest inflate with more blood than normal. But I can say this, my chest is going to be more pumped after this set than if I were to do something else. So 35 is again the same weight. And nothing crazy still pumps up. But instead of taking a few steps forward, I want to say right in the middle and bend over. It sort of gives a similar effect. But now I don't have to worry about back and forth balance. All you got to do is worry about. Keep my shoulders out of it and go nuts. Oh, I think that's good. And I think I lied about the shoulders. Wow. Yeah. Let's go search. Let's just go straight to the pose down space. Alright. So that was two sets of chest press. Two sets of incline. Two sets of gables. Six hard sets. All done pretty quickly. I said some shit in the car before. Yeah. I think I said before seven, I'd be fully pumped. It's 630. So obviously not the longest workout in the fucking world. But it just doesn't have to be. And that's. That's not a blanket statement. Don't forget the fact that right now I'm simply trying to like stimulate my chest as much as I can. But there's no point really in me trying to overdo it because I'll simply end up stressing my system out from overwork. And it'll just like totally throw up my whole time frame of getting lean or anything else. So I want to get to a point where I'm fully pumped. I'm fully fatigued. I've done some stimulating work. But not exceed into overreaching too many sets. Like physically. If I were to do three more sets today, it would do me no good. It might not do me that much bad. If anything, maybe it would be good because I've burned more calories for the day. But for the most part, dieting especially. I want to do as much as I need. Post down and be done. Your home needs something. And that last portion that same is extra legit today. I got a lot of food eat still. Which is a nice feeling considering I am in a fucking deficit. But no more. No more chat in there. I'm just going to get ready to get the car. So. Oh, we can't. Yeah. So the leaner I get. Obviously the trimmer my waist becomes. And then I mean even just standing no pose no nothing. I feel like a total fucking freak show. Which I guess should be the point by now, right? But still. Maybe it's just something I don't have. But it never ceases to fucking give me some feel. Give me some feel. Goods in my mind. To see myself pumped up in the mirror. But let's, let's run through some shit. Oh my gosh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh. Oh, oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, oh, oh. Oh. Oh, oh, oh. Oh. I can hold these poses after I fall on chest A is getting tricky but as I'm sure it's coming off. Very goorainee getting much ges die. As freaky is this may look, now. But oh my gosh Yeah, we're definitely getting somewhere with this fucking side profile. This was uh This was the coolest shit ever for me. It's obviously or maybe not obviously, but I'm a huge a Bucky fan Like I was watching the uh the 90s show Bucky or the 90s version when I started working out like that was an awesome source of hype for me So the first time I can see myself do like Like a side profile like this and it's just like that one frame That really got me fucking going, but let's uh, let's see if I can reach around and do a side choice Which with a full chest pump it's harsh me to pull my fucking shoulders back that far I A lot of the uh a lot of the bodybuilder characters that always tell me I want my like this shoulder up Which I'm not saying they're wrong or anything, but I kind of like the freak factor like the full on sideways looking Oh goodness, but either way feeling quite fucking freaky And I just don't even want to leave I want this pump to last fucking forever But the fact that it doesn't is what really gives it a true value Oh, yes, all right Enough pump checking I Yeah, this is I mean this is just crazy cool for me. I don't and it's hard to translate because obviously I'm like 240 No, like 238 239 right now But even at 170 look at myself pumped up like just going back and remembering like my sort of level of satisfaction of like looking at myself with a pump back then versus right now It's really not that much different because You know it's like how Getting something is usually less enjoyable than chasing it. I I'm trying to think of an example, but like whatever, you know like something that you used to think was like oh once I have this I'll be crazy happy and then you get it and it just doesn't work it's like You know you get spoiled over time, but with the pumps It doesn't matter if you've been working after two months or two fucking decades Every time you get a pump and you look at yourself extra-freaky extra-vani or even an A bolt's context just a little bit extra big and like defined That's just cool man and it's simply a boost from your baseline That's what gives you it's satisfaction So whether you're walking around at two 80 lean like an absolute freak or at 180 on a irregular character Dude the feeling of satisfaction of raising yourself from that baseline at least in a post-down context and This might only have to do with You know anybody who's got the fucking Jim bug and they're nuts about it, but honestly I mean everybody watch the original spider-man and use when we saw Toeim Aguire a little extra beefy in the mirror. You don't think everybody was like man That would be cool that would be cool to wake up jacked right? I mean if you could press a button everybody would do it But when you put it in the reality it's okay You know workout for this many years do all this cardio do this diet, you know don't eat pure just regular food the taste good all the time Makes people take your step back, but You know now I'm just getting into random ass rambles. Let's get in the car This was a fucking awesome night All right, so this is not actually immediately post lift I had a little bit of a pit stop There was a need a little bit of a pit stop before the car and that was just 10 quick little minutes on the seated bike difficulty level nine RPM 85 or something which when that all adds up together that puts me at about a hundred calories a minute the Machine said I'd burned and oh holy shit a hundred a minute would be insane No ten calories a minute so that put me at a I was at probably actually pedaling a little faster So that put me at about 114 calories in those ten minutes that's what the machine said and I mean they I'm sure they're based on some kind of metric actually if you if anybody is aware of exactly How they're calculating that I'd be kind of curious to a to read that comment because I mean It's That value is not gonna be the same for everybody because everyone has different levels of efficiency You know and what I mean by that is like if you take somebody who's a serious Marathon Would you say marathon cyclist or would you just say competitive cyclist? Well, either way that guy Is much more efficient at his cardio than I would be you know so for us to both pedal at Let's say Well, they're same difficulty level nine 80 80 RPM for 10 minutes Both of the machines are gonna read the same amount of calories But his heart rate is gonna be much lower than mine You know for him that he might even just stay at 80 and barely even get raised above I mean get get raised above baseline a little but he's just more efficient, you know whereas I'm gonna be up at like 120 130 like I'm That's what you're really aiming for so it's a it's not necessarily aiming for like a specific number It's just making sure that your heart rate is elevated to a certain zone for a period of time And it doesn't have to only be from sitting around doing cardio, you know if you've got a crew Where every lift at like five o'clock, you know, they're playing basketball for an hour That is cardio that is fucking legit, you know and if you've got like a little techie Like Apple Watch or some kind of heart rate monitor and you can look back and say oh shit for the past 45 minutes of playing basketball my heart rate was 120 on average, you know maybe it spiked up a little when you're really going for it and if you You know if you back off and defense maybe it gets a little bit lower but if the average is elevated Dude, you just did some cardio you're good and it really just adds up throughout the day so I You know I added a little extra 10 minutes post lift Which not that hard, you know 10 minutes post cardio you guys have no excuse and I'm not saying you specifically I just mean in general like 10 minutes on the cardio bike post workout as like a little bit of a Dip your toes into what cardio is like Dude, not the trickiest thing in the world and then just work your way up from there You know of course I'm gonna be saying do your 30 minutes of cardio every morning on its own like having it be a tone of vent Underrelated to the lift so you can really optimize that lifting portion but yeah, just easing into it, you know Let's say you just finish arms You're not totally dead. You're not totally fatigued like I'm gonna go Yeah, it's just arms man, you know even if you went extra hard your whole system is not so stressed after like a leg there Something you have some energy left in the tank and before you know that 10 minutes is gonna turn into 15 And then maybe you're feeling extra excited to watch and like some hype tick talk at it's I mean I'll get into that pretty seriously where not even watching a video or anything I'm just scrolling through some of my saved shit that gets me up it up and like I'll be I'll be like don't heart in the cardio I'll up it to um Up the difficulty a little bit for a couple minutes and like really if I can get into it You know because it's not a and that really helps for me because then you're not treating like a chore you're treating it like like an activity I mean why do you think all the cycling classes or Like the pellets on classes and stuff they're trying to get you excited about they're trying to like turn it Like maybe that game of five but like make it make it an exciting thing because it's more fun to do it that way, you know like get If you can get into it it's I mean it'll it just makes sense you go harder So whatever Whatever gets you known I say go for but that's one benefit of The phone right and just like scrolling social media style stuff Or like watching all sorts of YouTube videos or catching up on your shows if you get 30 minutes of cardio Then I mean I don't I don't feel bad plan on my phone for a half hour straight if I'm on the cardio bike Because I'm like dude. I just got to pass the time anyway, right? You know scroll away so That's why that's why you're not gonna catch me do the stair master too often or like The treadmill Like I I know a lot of guys love the incline walk But I want my hands free, you know I want to sit here and Fill around and before I know it that 30 minutes is over like I don't even think about it I if I'm feeling really crazy sometimes I'll do an hour But not not on a regular basis and hour every day I'm not that level of I'm not at that level of dieting yet I think it's gonna happen I mean today was a 45 minutes total 35 in the morning 10 post workout But yeah, so what I'm trying to do is just increase my overall energy output like that And then simultaneously Decrease my calories as necessary because those are the two opposing forces Which will either put you in calorie A calorie surplus calorie maintenance or calorie deficit Bolking maintaining or Dining down getting leader Right, I can lose any fat if you're bulking up and Do not I don't like when people talk about well When I when I first started working out at gain five times a muscle and they got leaner at the same time That is true That is for sure, obviously There's somebody recomp Value as a beginner because you've never trained before like you're Really getting a new stimulus But I'm talking like once you've been lifting year year and a half you're legit like you've sort of got those new begins down Which are I feel like sometimes people say new begins like kind of arbitrarily But it seriously is just a phenomenon if you take somebody and you change nothing about their diet You change nothing about their sleeper Hydration or anything and you just add weight training five days a week Not even like crazy way training we just like some basic shit or if you take a weight training class in high school or some shit like that not to Feel like it is such shit 10 times enough in a freaking row But purely adding Weight based training like that you're gonna see gains as a beginner that's enough to put you past the The threshold of No results into results but over time That threshold increases and now instead of Seeing some progress with just five workouts a week reasonable intensity, you know, just getting into it Breaking a bit of a sweat It's hard to do so that's where I think that the calorie side of things the dieting side of things is like It's like cheat coats. I mean it seriously is you know if you take somebody who knows anything about uh I mean it's like having a having your maintenance matchups do and if you know all the tricks and you know all the moves and everything else It's so much easier right so If you if you're the guy where you're like oh man, you know Which I could get a little bit leaner and which I could Man, but it's you know the actual like Action step of what you should do to start to approach that goal is a little bit arbitrary Fuck man cardio bike Macro tracker Those are some pretty damn powerful tools if you utilize correctly and they're so unassuming, you know it's not It's not so flashy It's simply a question of doing doing this stuff on the regular and before you know it well Never seen latstriations before Never seen that vein before never seen you know it's but The tricky part is it just takes a long time and depending on the guy I mean if you take uh If you take a beginner dude and hundred sixty pounds He starts working out He gains 20 pounds a muscle over the course like three years or 15 or however many like he goes from more of it Just regular looking dude to like this guy lifts Which it doesn't take that much you don't have to be 230 lean to look like you work out I mean when I look back at the pictures when I was 180 lean Yeah, man, I like fun cool. I wasn't as big but that's not like a negative and I was just at that love You know so there's a you don't have to be a freaking 260 pound But don't don't don't think I'm trying to say that But Oh, that was a better say But you know when I hear that That's not so impressive to me and I'm not trying to like take away from it Anybody's gains but what really gets me going is when I hear the stories or I run into somebody of the gym and they show me some before and after pictures Where like they used to be a hundred pounds overweight And over the course of like I mean they always like a year year and a half They're down to like a 15% body fat That's what really gets me excited because these guys as a beginner I mean like he being introduced into weights Now they did have that extra difficulty you have to have an idea with that fat loss in the beginning which I mean I think nine times out of ten not even the dudes fault especially if you're younger that's uh that's really wrong I'm gonna put a lot of blame on the You know any of you guys who are parents Right trying to try to it's a feed your kids too much junk Because it does add up and Man in the future You're giving them a problem to solve later really I mean it really sucks So it's I'm never gonna look at somebody who's overweight and think man what do Sometimes that you can't even fucking troll it man you know you just get a you just draw some bad cards But the guys who show me those sort of progress pictures those journeys like my My eyes light up Because they know They know about the cardio they know about the calories they get it they've done it they've seen it happen And until you've really gone through that and made like Significant body recomp changes by way of you know extra cardio calorie restriction like and simply just having Gone through the process of like Straight up half in the mental toughness of okay I'm hungry But if I overeat that's not conducive with my goals all right I can I can handle I can handle this Like that's what's most impressive to me because those guys Usually are the ones where they go the first and they work out the longest they stain Reason will shape for the longest that I kind of and half of this is me just kind of guest-imating But from what I've seen that's kind of what I've what I've got the gist of because for them to get into fitness The barrier to entry was much higher So If you overcome a hard to challenge you're gonna be tougher at the end of it So I mean a lot of the times that's what gets me fucking excited because anybody can start working out But to really get a good grasp of like You know I'll say the same shit every time I'm like okay, so you know about the calorie track you're actually doing your cardio God damn right because it's the only way to do it Right and I'm not saying it's easy but that's what gives it its value the fact that it's hard and you can look back and say holy crap I lost 50 fucking pounds this year like that isn't saying I'd say that's cooler than saying I gained five pounds of muscle this year Just because it's got more It's just got like a fucking cool as factor to it, you know, so that's where That's where you get a whole strong right when it takes a year two years or However long those results are there waiting for you If you can get all these sort of things in place. I mean that's why I'm never gonna stop talking about the calories and the cardio and the like getting a good Sort of sense of just you know how the food that you're eating is gonna react So that's how too live is kind of flash and over in the field or something distract me But you get back to what I say and like If you can get a good grasp of really how this food that you're eating affects your end result Lifting wise performance wise just overall like feeling wise like I feel pretty good right now Just subjectively like my end state is not me walking around at like two 90 bolts like I'm gonna be a leaner baseline state not really pounding down food Just feel better you know I sleep well. I feel a pretty decent amount of energy I'm much more flexible like I'm I'm certainly in the realm of like being Reasonally muscle bound but when I'm dieting down and I'm not so like full of carbs and just like Like I feel like if I like when I get a I'm sure on some of these leg pumps Into this next bolt and face like I'm probably gonna get a new stretch mark somewhere like It like a day it'll happen and won't just accrue slowly like oh that was a crazy leg pump Oh shit that's a fresh one really outside of a quad like that's you know, but that's not forever Going to get to point where I got This is about as big as I want to be let's stay here for a while. Let's stay here and let's stay here and just kind of Enjoy the being right but Clean is freaking us stretch but yeah, so you know it It's just nice so all that's to say do your cardio Think about oh yeah, I'm not I'm not done yet. I lost my train of thought, but I found it So that's where I'm I'm never gonna stop talking about that because it's such a powerful fucking tool If you take a guy who's worked that for two years He's got a good grasp of working out he knows uh, I mean, I was I'm soon he's really you know trying to learn about it But he knows all sorts of curls he does good workouts. He pushes himself hard. He doesn't go easy Like he's an experienced lifter To take that guy where he's like you know he just kind of eats whatever He might get a he might do a protein shake every now and again, but apart from that He's not really leveraging the diet to you know target whatever goals he's really aiming for And not everybody has to there is definitely a draw to not worrying about your diet at all because working out versus not working out Is already a massive boost You know not everybody wants to be dealing with counting calories all the time But I'd be I mean I feel like I'd just be holding back information if I didn't really say Like dude If you can get a good grasp of these of your calorie intake Carb's fats proteins meal timing like how to maybe you're trying to diet down you want to leverage more meals later in the day So that it's easier to stay in a deficit like Dining but it doesn't have to be torture like you can make it easier on yourself It takes a while to get there because like anything you gotta learn about it You know it's gonna take some Basic just skill acquisition and practice But once you've got reasonably or a reasonably good grasp on it I promise things that used to feel like a crazy plateau like this bench number or these this body weight or this level of leanness Those things will I promise Expand Beyond like what you thought you'd be able to do before it's just that powerful you know So you know we're gonna hear me You know you're never gonna hear me shut up about the cardio over the or the diet like I mean obviously go hard That's what separates Some guys versus even some others but that's all you gotta say there I am very fucking hungry. I'm gonna I don't know what I'm gonna slam I got about a pound of ground beef left I might do some My do some deep constructed burger So that's where I take uh I'm doing like a pound of ground beef Catch up low sugar mustard mayo Relish gonna make the whole thing up And it's like you know getting burger esc no carbs but it's uh yeah I mean that that's the kind of shit you start to get into but I'll get into some more dieting stuff soon enough I get it uh I'll add um I'll try to record a couple of those and make like a little Dating Cooking series. I might just do I'll probably just do one long video with like Four or five different little meal recipes that I like doing like the ground beef balls love them Some peanut butter or some powdered peanut butter stuff with some low-court low-carb tortillas With like sugar free maple syrup like I got a couple tricks here but I'll uh I'll try to put it into something soon enough So play for tomorrow slam back Yeah, I think I'll add some calves to have haven't really been smack and calves around too hard and then Come back all meet something go to sleep and repeat that's kind of gonna be the plan for the next couple of months Actually, well, go home eating sleep as a plan forever But in a dieting phase just the next couple of months So that's all I got I'll see you for back tomorrow

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 57 - Back [L-29eNGK2Ak].txt ===

It's been a little less since I gave the critters an update. This is kind of a classic little 3P spot. Rocky, Rio, Rascal, little triple R. This is just lucky. That was his name already. They have no comprehension. They've got no idea what a back pump is or what lifting straps are. Reptent reserve and a little jealous. They probably live a little more, a little more purely than we do, right? But rather than just lounge around, how about we go get this freaking back day started? Let's get the car. Speaking of updates, two-thirties have finally been broken into. I'm talking morning body weights 238.6. Of course, that's just like the low of that of today. I mean, if I, I get to start, I get to actually track in it. I'm like a little graph up in it's like, but if you look at your weight on a day by day basis, up and down, all freaking over the place. It gets hard to really look at your actual sort of progress. If you're really focusing on the cocaine. I'm five pounds, everything that was yesterday. Crap. You didn't just gain five pounds of math. Five pounds of fat. Move gain five pounds of muscle loose. It's all, you got a pretty solid amount of water, car based fluctuation, which can really throw off your daily readings. So all that's to say is, you know, don't freak about the daily. Try to find it like a weekly trend. And if you're headed upward or downward, or if whatever reason you want to just main gain, you're on track for whatever that trajectory, or I guess intended trajectory is, then you're fucking good. But let's say, so cat update, weight update, a little bit of a clothing update. The freaking t-shirts are almost sold out. The smalls and the mediums are gone. There's a, which, it's come on. I was on the impression that three XLs would be the first to go. Yeah, I'm just kidding. But we'll see. So feedback noted, the over the shoulder lettering, a little much, a little much. But yeah. It's, so that's where I less is more turned out to be the actual, the sweet spot. But you know, since there's a new thing, I think I subconsciously wanted to be like a little, a little more out there with it. But we'll make some adjustments. I, yeah. I think next, the next time we do a little re-stock, it'll be, it'll mean new stuff. It won't just be the same shit every time. Especially now in the beginning, you know, it's changed it up. Different styles, different all sorts of, all designs, whatever. But that's, that's kind of the, that's the behind the scenes. But in terms of today specifically, with back, I'm talking the same stuff as normal, man. I did a, hmm, I did sort of a low, mid back row to start last back day. I think I might, well, I'll see. You know, I'll make sure I change it up enough from the last back day, so that this one is a bit different. But, you know, for the most part, as long as you change up your movements, and you finish pretty well-fati, pretty well-pumped, and you're good, you know. And I think some guys take it a little too far. I mean, especially older, there's a lot of quotes of like, more power lifter, like guru style guys, and I don't mean that, like, these guys were the shit in terms of power lifter and training and knowledge, and, you know, they'll say pretty blank at statements. Like, I would never start a workout with the same movement twice in a row. I would never do that. And I think it's just a, you know, a testament to you should change it up and the benefit of variability. But if you got like a badass chest-day, and you love doing inclined Smith, pecdec, pec-press, and then one like superset of, like cable flies or something, if that's your bread and butter, it's not too bad for doing the same one a couple times, but still it's going to be good to kind of just explore the space, try new shit, and, you know, sometimes even stuff that doesn't really connect with you in the mall, I mean, for a long time, you would never catch me do a chest-day starting with, you know, any kind of pec-fly or cable press, like it was always heavy bench-only, heavy dumbbell bench, or heavy dumbbell press only. Like, start with your heavy shit, then move on light or stuff at the end. But, you know, I'll throw in the occasional chest-day where I start with cable flies as like a pre-exoster, and then move on to some of the clip-pressant. Which I think both have their positives and negatives, you know, you're going to be pre-fifteen so you're losing that kind of maximum workload and tension from the heavy pressing, but then you've already got some pre-activation some by the time you move on like a Smith bench, even if you're not doing three plates, you know, you back it off to one or, and I want it to lean. Two or so, then, you know, you are kind of already pumped. It's a good little, like it's pre-fifteen, it's kind of just the right word. But, you know, we're changing you up, man. And then there's only two outcomes, either, wow, I did not really like that workout. I'm going to go back to what I do like. And then if you went hard, it's still going to be good. You know, I could just roll a dice that had like seated road, dumbbell row, pull over, pull down, chest-supported row, hammer strength row. I could just roll that seven times for this workout. And then as long as I went crazy and whatever set that ended up landing on, like a wind-hard push myself to failure, did reasonable reps. I would still have a good back to me. So it's not like your exercise selection is the most important thing in the world. But it's just something to think about, you know. And the other scenario, if you try some news that you haven't tried before, is you say, holy crap. Single on pullovers. It feels so much better than double on pullovers. What the hell have I been doing? You know, and then you got a new little, a new little bonus to your workout arsenal. But for 14, reasonably early lift, even though it feels like seven o'clock, without muggy it is. But that's alright. And that's alright. You got to make use of the grunge to speed it back into your internal hype. But I doubt it's going to be too packed. It's getting cold. I feel like people are, you know, anybody who's not really locked in, they might want to stay home. Stay nice and warm. Come on. Not fucking cool. So have I, have I, no more talking? Let's just go get this lift started. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. That's all right, Yalike. Oh, you got to say. I don't mind leaning back a little bit on those. I'm kind of trying to get lads, but a little bit of lower and good bats too. But let's just repeat that. Keep it simple. You go from there. We'll pull that out start for today. Yeah. It's. Oh, I'm going to say. Let's switch to a row. Feel back and forth. Let's see some. Well, I guess individually loaded double arm seated rows. Little more upper back focus than regular seated with. Because the cables are lower than, you know, chest height. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, no. Yeah. Oh, one more. I'm going to say, let's see a little two-wing two-stop. Two rows, two-pole nands, two rows, two-pole nands. Until I'm too pumped. Let's move on. Well, that way now, I'm going to say, let's see one more. Then move on. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I think let's say right here, get some single on pullovers done on this cable. As one more benefit of being a little more open instead of rigid. With your workout plan, I already got this cable open. Mayors won't make some extra use of it. But let's get the pullover started. It's not like I was saying in the car. I am definitely a thin of the single arm pullover instead of both at once. I just feel like I can, like, if I'm doing double the rope, I can get some like here. But I want to be like down here, like, almost hit, hit distance. Oh, either way, light-ish. And then you can also kind of hold on to the top part of some extra stability. That's good for me. I'm trying to isolate my lats. Now work my whole system, trying to bounce. But let's go nuts here. Let's that first. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, right there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's go a few pants lighter. But we're on that chin up one more time. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Look at a really dealt activation on those two. Not a problem. I don't really do many of those dealt sets anyway. But let's, uh, it's fine if real. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. It's trying overhand a set of unusual techniques. And then one match lighter. That's all too patty for this. Fortunately, the lift. Yeah. I think I know exactly what the finish was. And if all some cables in the bench. I'm sure some of you already know it's all good. As I'm sure some of you predicted. Just this sort of long double D handle. Pull down. Slatcher row kind of combination. Just does the trick for the end man. Really get my whole back fucking hot. But I think this will be it. We can go do a little pose down and it's ground. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I got it. We know it's next. That's fine. That's what I'm saying. So reasonably simple and quick back day done. Doesn't take much. So that was, uh, let me go back to the beginning. Two sets of pull downs. Very like squeeze focus on the bottom. I didn't hold it, but like that's what I was trying to do. Like, Oh, that's sort of just a little momentary extra like flex. But two of those. Two cable rows also pretty squeeze focused. Two pullovers. So that puts me six. Two. Well, shit. Wait a second. Two pull downs. Two cable rows. Two pullovers. Two machine rows. Yeah. That's a good work, man. Nine sets. That's more than I'm actually usually fucking doing right now. But all that's to, uh, all those sets. Add it up to the pump. And we're about to see. And carb-wise. Not doing so hot. Carbon take today so far. Well, I mean, it's good that it's low. Obviously, I'm, I'm trying to die down. I want it to be low. But I definitely felt it a little bit in my endurance. Set by set. So it's not always the best idea to completely save all your calories for later. Like after the lift. Because you get to run on something. But yeah. 70 grams of carbs, 43 a fat, 115 a protein so far. All adding up to about 1200 net calories. Which I want to track for fucking, you know, my fat loss. But I definitely feel that lack of, uh, glycogen. But more hype and kind of excitement in dozing that is feeling the lack of fucking body fat. I mean, this is way more like abs and strations. And I've seen for quite a while. I've, you know, I bulk up and I cut down. But time-wise, I've been much more bulk than I have been cut for a while. I kind of want to even those scales out. Over these next couple of months really see what everything is kind of added up to. But let's run through some shit here. Oh, he grabbed it. Then same thing for the back. And this is one awesome benefit of bust and out the camera instead of your phone. Because I'm looking at my own reflection right now. So I can see if one shoulder's a little bit skew and when I last spread. Because if you can't see yourself doing that, you can't really begin to build some bad habits. For a long time, every time I do a double-by-shot. Here. Oh, he's... Oh, he's... Oh, well, let's just do the pose before we say anything else. Alright, I think that actually... That warrants a zoom in. Let's get a little tighter here. Now, I would not go so far as to say even close to Hanma back status yet. But definitely getting somewhere. Oh, yeah, there we go. Holy crap. So that's why I've been... Oh my gosh. You can't see it. But I can see the autofocus like eye tracker. And it literally thinks this chunk of shit right under my rear delt is an eyeball. Oh my god. And it might not even seem that crazy. Like relative to my last back day or the last one, especially for anybody watching this clip like in the third person. I guess that's the only way you could be watching it. But it might not seem like much. Like, oh, you can see a few more fibers and maybe some veins in there. But... For my perspective, this is fucking nuts. Let me get one more double-by-subscibe in here. I don't want to stop fucking posing, man. There we go. Yeah, so... I think without exaggeration, that might be the freakyest my back has ever looked. Like, just a combination of today's pump, the lighting, maybe whatever level of hydration or like sodium intake. But I think some of those were my craziest back poses ever. And that is such a fucking insane thing to say. That's what's extra cool about the workin' out is if you don't take your foot off the gas and you're just kind of constantly in a state of progress. And it doesn't even have to be the craziest progress in the friggin' world. Let's say you're bulking up. Yeah, I'm three pounds heavier this week. Or this month and I was last month. Or I'm one pound like if you don't slow down. Now, obviously not everybody's gonna begin a crazy amount of muscle in the beginning. Or at the end or whatever else, I mean, it's all different kind of rates. But as long as you're on track to some kind of progress, eventually you should get to a point where you're constantly breaking new ground. And that is the most motivating shit ever. As much as there's value of like, oh, you know, just grind even if you don't fucking feel like it or like, you said you would do it. Like there's some legit mentality like self-discipline there. Obviously, if you want long-term results, you kind of have to put in long-term effort. But it's so much nicer if you just enjoy it. So that's why I really hate all of the kind of gatekeeping that a lot of dudes will get into. Like if you see the like all the, what do they even call them? It's like the panel videos where there's like five guys like five from the fitness industry. And then I mean, they specifically just get like five people who don't work out or like kind of I'm a heavier side of things. And they put them in this debate and then some of the real like, I guess, rude or guys are like, you guys are just, you're just back because that's what you want to do. You're not willing to put in the work. Like you can be right, but you can still be an asshole, you know. So that's where the guys who I find make the most gains are the ones who are just doing a routine that they enjoy. And that takes a little bit of time to like learn. There's definitely some upfront effort of like getting into it and getting to feel for everything, you know, have some guys who already work out who you know, take you under their wing shadow and for a couple workouts. But before you know it, you're going to have a macro track on your phone. You're going to be doing cardio every so often lifting on the regular and dude in two years. You can be a completely different guy on wreckage. As bad as better drop one there on wreckage freakingizable. So I, I just want to rewatch that fucking posing clip, but let's let's get in the car. Back day 10 out of 10 done. Well done. Lots of fun. New ground being broken into this diving phase. Getting me up to up. That right there, that lean air slightly, veiny back pump check. That's part of my, that's part of my primary motivation that's keeping me from having a quick pit stop at a. At a certain establishment. Red hair girl. Pig tails. Makes a mean spicy chicken sandwich and a vanilla frosty with fries. And hold off. I am going to hold off a little while longer. And one thing that also makes it easier for me to be a bit more chill is the fact that a. That just makes me feel like shit, you know. It's different when I'm in a bulking phase. And that sounds kind of bad because it's like, I'm used to eating a lot more junk food. But in a way, like, you really are, you know, because right now I'm being a bit more. I'm a thautical. And not even a bit more like very freaking methodical about the foods that I'm eating. I mean there's no treats right now. Treats are off the fucking menu. I've got four pounds of ground beef that I cooked this morning sitting in a big. Tapper wear ball. So every couple hours I end up scooping about 50 grams of protein worth of that. Some sugar free catch up or some barbecue sauce or something. And then a carb of some variety. I'm kind of chilling on like big carb meals because I don't have that many to work with. You know, I'm in the sub 200 range right now. So if I have a 50, you know, if I've got like a lunch or some kind of meal with 50 grams of carbs worth of rice or something. That's that's one third of my whole day, you know. So what I end up doing is like I've got some granola in the, I'm, why don't I keep calling it the cupboard in the pantry. Yeah, what the hell? There were pantry has like a looted me the last couple days. But I've got like some little blueberry granola stuff in the pantry and like some, I've got some Graham crackers floating around and some all sorts of stuff. I'll just, I mean, I'll do some oatmeal too. But my carbs kind of just sort of seat in throughout the day. I mean, earlier when I had a, when I had like some ground beef with the catch up, the mustard, the, like, basically relish and a bit of like fat free. We're not fat free, but lower fat man is with some low carb buns. I'd add it that man. You know, with the catch up, you know, it's no sugar added, but there's still sugar. I mean, there's still a 20 carb meal. That's 20 carbs, you know, you don't have a lot to play with. So the, you know, the benefit of pretty much classic bodybuilding eating is the fact that it just simply works in a dieted phase, you know. Protein heavy meals, minimal, you know, minimal on the side department, beat carbs or fats. It's just kind of the only way to do it, you know, because I mean, yeah, this is a rare occurrence. I mean, more protein than I am carbs when I'm bulking up, it is the other way around by like a pretty big fine degree, you know, to the point where I'll be eating on a, once I really get into a bulking phase, basically not seven, but about like five or six times as many carbs as I'm eating in a whole day is what I get to, you know, I get a fifth of that now. So it's kind of crazy to think like in a couple of months when I start bulking up again. I'll be eating a weeks where the carbs right now per day. Oh, goodness. I don't even like to think about it. But, you know, that's all right. So until then, I can held off. I can hold off. I got some mental fortitude there. No, oh shit. You know, let me, I'm trying to remember last time I had a crispy cream. That's kind of, that's like my version of a crumble for everybody else. And with the crumble, I'm not sure I see the appeal. Like, you know, you tell me, but I've gotten crumbled before way too sweet. And I know that's crazy for me to say, but it's like just way, it's too much. It's like all frosting. Some of their plain stuff is cool. Like it's hard to screw up a classic like chocolate chip cookies, I'm thin. But at that point, like I'd rather, I'd just rather have something else, you know, but insert. If you really want to make gains, you should never eat any kind of junk food like that. Hey, man, near the, you might be right, right? But I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to be in some crispy cream on this next Balkan phase. I'm sure. Not a ton, but I'll have a little. A little like an urgent tube bed. And it's just, you know, it's fuel for the fire. So you're trying to bulk up. There is benefits who simply getting those calories down. Now it's not the best method, of course. You want to optimize it. Like, I feel so much better. The protein's always the same. I kind of, I don't remember the last time I had a, well, that's not true. I've got a bunch of like pre-made little protein shakes in the fridge just for like if I've got to stop at the house really quick and then go somewhere else. I'll grab one, you know, like the 40 gram, whatever. But for the most part, all the protein is just, you know, meats, eggs, protein, or obviously eggs. Eggs, beef, turkey, ground turkey. I, um, I've been like in the can to chicken. It's just so easy. You know, I'll see, some of you guys are commenting saying, why would you ever eat can to chicken? Cook it yourself. I don't see that, like, did the can to chicken. It's right there. It takes one second. And you don't make a whole mess because you're not getting the whole pan dirty and, you know, it's kind of instant. So that's the benefit there if you're curious to my thought process. But, you know, kind of just plain where I really try to indulge sweet this wise is you have, like, like, I think I've got like 10-2 liters of my, in the pantry too. All diet soda. I've got some, uh, got some diet dew. Got some sugar-free red faggo, some Sprite Zero, all sorts of shit like that. So that's kind of, uh, that's my sweet for the day. And I don't know if, uh, I'm, you know, am I crazy for this? My crazy for flattening the soda in, like, a separate gallon jug and then drinking it. Because it's like, what are you supposed to do? Drink a, drink two liters of carbonated something or other? It's just, you know, I, uh, doesn't, I'm just looking for something sweet to drink. So that's kind of, that's right, get after it. Crystal light, that's sort of thing. In fuckin' words, man. You know, and I think the craziest thing I've ever heard is when guys, uh, are somehow under the impression that the diet version is worse for you, or, like, makes you gain weight faster than the full sugar version. Right? Out of every misconception, that one is, like, the absolute freaking gnarliest that I've ever heard. Oh, my goodness. But, you know, if you know anything about macro tracking, which hopefully you do, hopefully you're getting into it, you can, and we can relate. We're on the same wavelength when it comes to that. But I think this puts me a day fifty seven. And we're day fifty seven for this dieting phase. So we'll get up, uh, oh, yeah, shit. This will, is this gonna be the first dieting phase that extends beyond day one hundred? I think it might. I don't think I've ever dieted down for more than three months straight. So yeah, shit. Fast forward, uh, you know, just about six weeks. I'll be into some new territory, even some new ground. But until then, I'll just stick to this deficit, not to go too crazy. Uh, and at this point after, you know, bulking up and cutting down so many times, I think I'm pretty resilient to the, to the allure of having a crazy, cheap day, refeed. I, uh, I'll keep you updated. I mean, if I, if like, for whatever reason tonight, I, um, like I stopped at the store. I got two tubs of, um, two tubs of what? Like two tubs of Ben and Jerry's, and then like I stopped at, like, I mean, I'll tell you, but I don't think it's gonna freaking happen. So really, it's just a, uh, staying on track. Because I know that the cardio and the calorie deficit and the training is resulting in continuous fat loss for me. So if I know that's the setup, which I'm trying to follow, then I'll just stick to it if I actually want the results there. So that's where I think a lot of the, disconnect from, you know, really lock an indesum shit. Just comes from lack of information, you know? Because I think everybody would probably like to get into, at least, a position of a bit more control with their diet and their food and their training. But sometimes it's, uh, it just feels so far off from what you, you know, what you know how to do. So that's where I use your, you know, user two thumbs on the most powerful invention ever created by man. I would say to cell phone, right, information. And, you know, just start looking at the shit up. It's, uh, the information's out there. So readily available to those who want to find it. But until then, I've got arms tomorrow, which I'm already getting, uh, which I'm already getting excited for. But no, uh, no point talking about arms today. I get it. Just get back home. He's not going to pass out. I was, uh, I was rolling around last night to make a while of fall asleep. One of Fetch's start to melt at tone it again. Well, anyway, I'll, uh, I'll keep you updated. So I'll see for arms tomorrow.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 58 - Arms - 7 Set Draw [hUn7cT-RW-c].txt ===

Alright I've got one word to describe the camera. This is December 3rd and it's December 3rd Tuesday evening. It's a cold man starting to feel it. It might get to the point where I do where I double up the pants even instead of just pop on a sweater or something. But the lift goes on. The temperature would have to get to a point where well if he's subatomic zero to great Kelvin level to keep this arm punk from happening. I was about to say something almost. I'm getting into it. I'm watching land man get to episode 4. I've got to learn these actors names so I can make better references. But 6 show. Oil fields kind of a little bit of yellow stone vibes but not as country I guess. But I get that episode 4. It's coming out right now again. I can't just binge it. Which is probably a good thing. Good things will come to those who wait. But I wouldn't mind just basically watch the entire show. Oh it was. Two. It's entirety in one sitting. Early sitting. Direct sitting. But when are you going to do it? I'm going to wait for something. But to the way I'm going to switch that phrase around and get it related to the workouts themselves. It's just a time thing. I mean to expect games after just like a month or two months. I give there legit. This is my end game level games. It's not exactly. It's not as easy. You can't make progress in that time period. But it's all about gradual percentage changes over the long run. We've all seen the numbers. If you got 1% better a day for I think a year it's like you are now 90% better so good. Excuse my yawning. I don't have a food today. But the caffeine from the pre-started end. The caffeine of the beta alanines specifically are starting to get me feel a little bit tingly. But let's all that to say is, you know, if you want bigger arms try to just enjoy your own workouts because you're going to have at least a couple of hundred before you get to probably whatever your end state is aiming to be. But playing for tonight's arm day. Keep it simple. And by simple. The cold adds to it too. I get the cold car. But when I say keep it simple, I just mean nothing too flashy. I'm talking just straight set. The dips, straight bar push downs, rope extensions. There's no need to do any kind of extra fancy overhead this twisting single. It's a funny deal. If something becomes too complicated, I think he kind of lose the actual value of just doing a regular rest fucking set. So it's, I don't see it that much. I do see it sometimes. Somebody's doing a really fancy curl twisted up on the way down, twisted back, then go back down and do a few back and forth. But I don't know how to just don't see it. Right. Of course, there's value in a very, very lift. You know, do some dumbbell curls. Counter that with some preachers. Counter that with some straight bar. Counter it with, uh, try to hold that with you. But counter that with like some straight arm, uh, straight arm. Pull down, like bicep biased. Like there's a lot of ways to do it. But the overarching theme across all of those sets is if you go hard, you will be pumped. And being pumps doesn't something mean that you're growing. But it's just a good indicator that what you did is at least put me close to the right direction. The lifter who gets pumped will be much more like that to get gains and the lifter doesn't. And it's not like a one to one guarantee. But you know, if a dude always has scrappy lifts, he's taking 10 minutes between sets. He's not really getting into it like his, uh, his, like, subjective or, I guess he could say, objective, like level of excitement and hype. It's not even close to 50% capacity. Then, you know, how can you expect that guy to be killed? How could you expect that guy to make legit gains if he's not given himself a legit stimulus? So that's where I can't really get behind all the guys where they're kind of like their anti-music. You know, they're like, well, I don't want to rely on my music because it's, it's just a distraction. You know, it's just like a crutch. Like, what if I don't have my headphones one day? What am I just not going to have to work out? You know, like little things like that. And I don't hear that much. But when I do, it's like, well, I kind of feel like you might be better off if you had some kind of tunes going. If they get you really excited and they have to up because then, I mean, just, like, I guess I'm not you. So I can't say that for sure. But for me, at least, if I've got a crazy S fucking song playing, just gets you excited. You know, and even if you're only going to do like a 30-pound set of squeezing dumbbell curls, the more like hype and excited and energized you are about them, the better. Because then you're more in tune with what you're doing, you're more excited about what you're doing. Like, that's your shows. You know, if you had two guys, uh, well, let's just like, what do people do? Right? Let's say somebody made you do your laundry or like clean your house, or like, like, back in your kit, you know, like you got two kids, the clean one, and then the messy one. The one who wants is room to be clean and just like, stays like that. Like, that's this baseline. Whenever he wants to clean this room, it's because he wants to do it. So, guy, I want this way to clean. That's how I want to do it. You know, if you got like a younger brother where him cleaning his room is like a chore, look what happens. Like, what's look with the end result is? All it is is, you know, if I could kick everything out of the bed and just made it, like bare minimum level results instead of a little bit more above it beyond style. But oh, that's to say, you know, if you're going to do something, do it 100% man. Because if you have acid, you're going to get half as results and then you're going to have to somehow explain those results later. If not to anyone else, definitely to yourself. And that's just not cool. You know, what are you supposed to say? It's like, yeah, I could have gone harder, but I just didn't really feel like it. That's not an awesome self-reflection of the half. But I think we'll leave the pre-lift chat at that. I got to plug in some directions because the this main road got closed down. There's like a big accident over there. It's my end of the week you turn. But either way, let's go get some triceps started. And the first movement I have a reason to believe will be I want to change up arms from what I normally do today. So my logical, actual supersets. I'm talking straight from the rope to dumbbell curls. And that will basically be one set of bisey trice. And then just kind of, you know, pair some shit starting from there. Not the craziest approach in the world, but if I go hard, it shouldn't be at the end. My arms should be completely pumped both of the ones. That is why I get my knees playing. Mmm I got it. Hmm. There. TB. There's only one seventy so I gotta do the sixty-five's. Oh my gosh. One more dose. That was a good little combo of something heavy. Squeezing focused over here. Oh my gosh. Yeah, one more at the straight double crochet. See you on my jacket. All right, same theme of a paired up movement. But this time dips followed by, I wouldn't say a machine preacher. I think a better description is just a regular machine curl. But it is a little bit preacherish because you have like a pad on the back of your tricep. But either way, this being a combo. And this will be a stark contrast in style. So these dips are going to be heavy. Like that 85 pounds of the rope, very manageable. Like what made those reps hard is the squeeze and like slow release. But here I'll go a little heavier in the tricep movement. And the curls will be a little more lighter sweeping. So just a total flip flop of a perch. Yeah. Yeah. Nice. Okay. Do everything. I'll go lighter. That's fine. Oh yeah. One more. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Let's go back to some cable for something overhead. So this will be overhead cable extension jumped into a decline drag and style hand curl by sets. So yeah, shit. I kind of got a theme going right now. The first set heavy buys lighter tricep. The second one heavy tries lighter buys. And now this pair of sets. These are both very stretch focused. Maybe the next ones are going to be squeeze focused. I'll use to say. But anyway, let's throw the sac around because with no extra weight that's within reason. Make sure I really feel my fucking arms bend as much as possible at the bottom. And then I only tip for the drag curls and go nuts. You can't really swing. I mean, he just kind of have to get yourself into a good sound. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my god. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I think the finisher is near. Let me think about it. Make sure. Pretty sure. This will be the ender. I'm thinking 10 or so reps regularly push down. Drop the cable lighten away because I can I can rep the stack pushed on twice curls not so much. But 10 or so regular push down's not to failure but to uncomfortability and basically. But that's not it. I'm not just going to be done. And I'll go back and forth back and forth a few times until my arms are completely burned out. Little rest pods super set style. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was a good under. Oh, my gosh. Alright, so let's be quick. The regular yoga room studio occupied. That's cool. Ain't get about a minute. We're letting line here. It's freaking enough anyway. And frankly, even if I was out in the freaking, you know, the outdoors on a cloudy day. Soft as letting ever. I don't think it'd be able to take away from today's arm pump. So by strides, both fully pumped at the exact same time is a rare occurrence. Doesn't freaking happen too often so I better enjoy it. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, one more backwards. And then I'll stop taking all the freaking public spots. Yeah. Oh, my gosh. Actually, when you say that. There we go. Now I should be looking a little more symmetrical. Oh, my gosh. Alright. Well, arms complete and thrashed beyond reasonable doubt. Let's get out of here. We're done. Arms pump to hell. A little bit of a quicker lift today, a little more efficient. And part of it, part of that arm did today was inspired by the last leg day where I did a two sets of hamstrings, two sets of quads, two sets of hamstrings, two sets of quads kind of back and forth in that sort of style, which dieting down that's when I like that. Because I mean, you gotta remember when I only consume or a sense of only consumed about 50 grams of carbs so far today. Oh, my gosh. I'm gonna break your stomach and eat it in a clock. I mean, good for me, I get to eat extra carbs tonight before I go to bed, so I'm not gonna be hungry when I go to sleep, which is just gonna make that, make the dieting phase, like sticking to my deficit a bit easier. But, I mean, when you're running low on carbs, like you basically had a gas tank of how carb-up you are. You know, how full of galega-jane and intramuscular circle plasmos, sorts of shit, which basically just makes your muscles extra full, right? mainly glycogen but when those gas tanks are low it's not as easy to get us pumps up your muscular endurance is a little bit lower than peak and your pump fades you know carb-dup it's the complete opposite you know so it really is kind of a bummer to have to go from carb-dup to carb-depleted because you're simply getting you got a hard time getting pumps you lose your pump faster and your little bit weaker I mean if I were to eat 500 grams of carbs the next three days which wouldn't be an awesome idea especially in that sense I'm trying to continue to get leaner but split reality I would be lifting heavier weights I would look freaky here because all of the muscle on my whole build would be up a touch because they fill back up with carbs I'd be extra pumped given that I have been depleted for like two months or so now I'd probably feel like insanely pumped and I'd be like holy crap instant level up but that's the that's the tricky part right that's the give I don't know I guess I guess that's the take the give is you gotta be flat to be in a deficit it's just a nature of it you know so if you're actually eating in a calorie deficit on the regular then you are going to be carb-depleted right you're gonna be on the flatter side of normal so it's you know it's kind of a if you're hungry then it's working type situation with a diet you know so it's a it's definitely tricky there's not really much getting around it right make sure you get your pump ingredients and whatever pre-work at your taken so they get your extra nitric oxide blood flow vasodilation and as long as you're very hydrated I'm talking water with electrolytes I got a I got a gallon jug sitting in the car I've been sitting on this whole time that's gonna help you get some good sleep make sure you hit your protein you are still you know eating enough food while maintaining your deficit you're still gonna be able to work at pretty hard right I mean I don't I don't walk into these lifts when I'm dieting I think oh my god I'm dying which maybe in a few months I will because I've never been stage ready lean I've only been like this lean maybe a little bit leaner really diced that's gonna come with his own with his own consequences which I have yet to see or I guess it's own challenges right but it's just the it's what it takes man so you can make it easier in yourself prep some meals you know make four pounds of ground beef leave it in the fridge whenever you're hungry for something have that first I'm not saying don't have like a sweet but if when you're hungry and it's time for a meal if you have a legit meal first right 50 grams of protein 20 is some kind of carb maybe 10 of fat from like whatever sort of sauce you put on it or maybe add a slice of just like a slice of American cheese if that does it for you I know I've got some fridge at all times just because I like it like you know not it not even like 10 slices of day I mean you know one every so often but like just little things and then if you really need something maybe open the cupboard open the open the pantry grab a little grab a little something and ideally you don't just immediately have like Reese's minis in the big ass bag for you to grab like you know keep some keep some intermediary sweets before you go complete the off the rails like I've always I've been getting these little bags of like different sort of fruit flavor granola and I can have like it's very light like it's an airy kind of crunchy sort of thing so I can have like a full mouth full of this stuff and it's only 15 grams of carbs when I weigh it out in the scale but yeah I'm not gonna turn this into a whole calorie deficit drive back to the crib but that is the factor which I've not changed which is making me get leaner it's not that I'm training harder it's not that I'm sleeping in some kind of different way or I've discovered like whim-hoff breathing it's because I'm eating less calories than I'm burning per day and my body's got a burn nose extra calories and keep itself moving from somewhere so instead of just like photosynthesis which I guess if that were possible then I maybe dieting down would be impossible but it's just gonna come from your internal fat stores man right so that's where look up some mat look up well maintenance calorie calculator how to track your macros tutorial beginners on YouTube and just go from there that would be the that's my last stick of at the dieting for now but solid arm day yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm I'm gonna sleep hard tonight I think I might have to bump it up to 40 minutes a cardio the morning soon not yet because I'm still losing weight at a relatively steady pace I was 2308 this morning so we're getting down there my so the basic plan which like I don't have a specific show pick yet once once those dates get really locked down this is gonna this series is gonna flip from the winter shredathon to like prep day whatever which I guess technically you could say I'm like prepping right now but all prepping is you know you're dieting down for a show so it doesn't make change much for me all I'm doing is taking a few levels further than I usually do but I was a yeah so but once I get that you know time frame down that's the plan for February ish so that's my time frame but for my height for classic physique I have got a weigh in in check-ins at 217 now that's 217 dry cut a bit of water totally absolutely depleted and then you've got kind of from check-in until finals that night need a couple extra carbs fill back up a little bit and then you look like a real freak that night so I'm well you tell me I mean I know comment sections aren't always the most awesome source of information but if any of you guys have some body-building competition history I'm under the impression that if I can get to about 27 lean walk around weight so within the next basically 10 weeks continue to lose about one pound per week then those last couple days of really getting you know depleted and dry I think I can drop about 10 pounds of water so for my size I mean if I like if my water and take his off after like a day of travel or whatever I'll wake up like six pounds lighter than next to anyway so 10 doesn't feel like a stretch and then that should put me at well just as lean as all end up being you know but that's so as long as I'm on that sort of pound a week track then I am good I am freaking good but I'll keep you updated once I get that actually planned out because some of these shows aren't planned out until like reasonably close to when they're gonna happen especially the smaller local ones but yeah that'll I'll keep you updated with whenever we really kind of hone down how that's gonna look but apart from that I mean nothing really changes you know still just diving down like normal like no matter what your end goal is dieting wise like getting leaner it's still always just calories and calories out man do your cardio train hard don't over eat hit your protein try to maintain all the muscle you've already built up and then just gradually get leaner and the scale will be a very good indicator of if you're on track or not because if you're the same 180 that you've always been they probably not getting leaner man you just probably eat a little bit too much yeah but yeah it's all we gotta say there so I've got legs to tomorrow I'm gonna try to do a bit of an earlier lift I need to get on a little bit more of a regular schedule because I've been kind of just lifting like whenever like later in the evening five, six sometimes like three if I'm extra ready for it but I think I'm gonna try to get a little bit more of a set of routine where I'm lifting on a more consistent like time-cramed basis the cardio I'm good with the cardio is like roll out a bed caffine of some variety drink some drink like a leader or so a water go to the bike at 35 minutes that's quick but the lift is a little more variable and I kind of want to get this routine a bit more well just smooth in a way maybe smooth's not the right word but maybe consistent is what I'm thinking about so I think the lift in it more similar times might do me good keep my sleep schedule a little bit better not that I've been sleeping bad or anything but that is something I want to continue to try to to try to optimize always room to improve like I think that's something that I definitely do not want to try to put out is the idea that like yeah you know I know exactly every little detail facet of what I'm doing and I implemented perfectly like no man you know simply I mean don't forget it nothing is perfect right but to even have the idea that you are you know I know it all body building training like kind of just you know what are you talking about or completely close in yourself after any new idea come on right I mean we've all heard the classic sort of phrases like the guy who the guy who asks a question is a fool for a minute the guy who never asks one is a fool for life like you gotta you know you gotta be wrong for a little bit before you can figure out how to be right and I think with the training that is as true as anything you know so it's like if you're putting in a reasonably conscious effort on the regular trying to improve your routine trying to improve your routine you're you're a team again trying to improve your sleep in your training and like looking at your metrics you track your way you track your calories you get into or you work your way up to tracking your calories or you work your way up to tracking your way like any of these little just small percentage changes will begin to add up and before you know it you're gonna be saying the same shit like yeah crap those open your packets aren't really they're kind of upset and messed up man I got a switch to cream or write so I got a switch to cream a week or just like random little details like that like the the adjustments you'll end up making later on become so like fine tune to you that I mean you almost you know it almost feels crazy for you to think that like two months and to work it out but I think it'll really give you a real real real yeah I'm sure he tested my blood sugar with like one of the one of the blood glucose monitors it's probably on the lower end of like 60 or something getting a little hypos well 60s and hypoclicy that'd be like more like 30 or so but I can tell when I'm dieting down sometimes especially if I'm talking like directly after a lift it's usually legs that like I can feel I'm running low on carbs and that's what your brain is we can run it out for the most part you know so it's just feel it will not absent minded but kind of like sometimes we just go our way well good lift I'm gonna stay well within my calorie deficit for tonight and then I'm gonna get some crazy ass sleep wake up cardio in the morning you need a couple more meals tomorrow and then have a nice what's a good descriptor a nice pump and I pump inducing leg day tomorrow and that was a I don't think the guy was talking to me that day was getting cut into traffic but either way the year is almost over so if you look back and think fuck she locked in my damn I said I was gonna go crazy this year just didn't make it happen right the bright side of that statement right the end the opposite side of the coin you got all of next year to try again you know but the sooner that you can jump start that that you know really trying part the better because as much as you can really like hope core like you can always you've always got time there's not infinite time we only get so much so the sooner you can start locking in the better but now I'm just saying classic mumbo jump I'm a freaky ass pump I'll see if there's a leg tomorrow

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 59 - Legs [4EaE8HZdpQw].txt ===

There we go. Dreaded by most loved by some, completed by maybe some percentage of lifters in the middle is a good description for a legit leg day. In terms of let's just get out of the way with the plan is for it. I'm thinking alternating between hamstring and quad movements so that I can kind of sort of maximize my energy reserves in a way and also just be more pumped at the end of it. Like that's a non-negligible aspect of me wanting to do quads and hands sort of congruently because at the end when I during the post down the pump check my hamstring will be fully pumped my quads will be fully pumped. It's just fucking cooler, you know. But more like I said, a little bit of adductors at the end too but that's usually just it's to end playing my phone for a couple sets. This morning after cardio I spliced in some abs and calves because at the apartment gym bike, like it's a gym, it's got cables, it's got dumbbells to 50s more than enough so like if that's all you've got access to there's no reason not to kill that. I mean that's definitely enough stuff to actually get a good workout. But after the 35 minutes on the bike I did like six sets of cable crunches and then I think it was maybe it wasn't anything crazy. It was like maybe five or six alternating sets of just 10 reps of calf raises on the leg press machine. Like nothing wild but just enough to get a pump up I'm gonna start adding that a little more with the cardio. Just I'm like kind of more regular base. I mean everybody's skipping calves but you still got to hit him a touch. I mean as long as you don't want like you want a little bit of a like a drumstick look below the knee. So if you're somebody who's a bit less fortunate in the calf insertion slash calf genetic set of things. One praying for you. So two excuse man. Still try. There are videos of guys where they just can't get over the genetic factor for their calves. I don't know if it's like a fast twitch slow twitch sort of thing about we have a we hand that over to some of the more science-based guys to say well the guys with some of the calves have more this M-Tor fiber which doesn't allow. There's probably some reason but the fact is you know if you want your calves to grow hit your calves if you want your chest to grow you hit chest if you want bigger legs you have to hit your legs you know it's it's as simple as that for the most part and then little details can become more complicated but it's now worth getting into too much. So that was more like an eight o'clock it's now five ten even though it feels like nine I'm I don't know what's wrong with me this year but it's like it's taken a minute to just to the fact that it's getting this dark this early which I guess is a good thing. It's making me sleep a bit more of a regular schedule but yeah gonna go to a good one of the little more grungey kind of hardcore gyms. I haven't gone to the same ones that kind of close to the house the last few weeks and it's short of drive but that is one benefit of the multiple gym memberships is it's not just different places and you know different hours which depending on where you live that can be a pretty serious thing. I mean I've got a couple of things where they especially like peak clocking back hours it was a time when they were only opened like ten to three. Now of course that was like mid-COVID it shut down everything but still it's taken a while to claw our way back to a regular like you know close to ten kind of situation but apart from the fact that it's just different hours and different stuff. That's just different environments you know like a real grungey pretty hardcore gym all metal plates metal dumbbells little rattly like it's it's just got a different environment than like a planet that's and that's not to be like forgotten about because you know if you want to be in a space where you feel hardcore it's always going to be a bit easier for you to go if you're really trying to like get yourself in the zone because it's fucking taking you a little bed to get amptop because like I don't know maybe something about the blue lights that's it's just not as fun right so if you've got a I see this a lot whenever I go to like a cool gym and I talk to any guys who are actually like regular there I'm always saying like yeah you guys are fucking lucky this is a freaking awesome gym to be left to live but then it's like you know be really neat all the fancy shit anyway it's even look good for some different fucking angles either way let's just get ready to go slash a slash but thrash quads, rec hams drinks and then hopefully not even has to take my pants off to the pub jack because they won't have exploded because they got so a swollen and popped up you know do I think that's really gonna happen no but is it out of the realm of possibility not so short how about we have we're just getting there find out let's start simply enough moderate wheat land curls not crazy thing in the world but it's hard to start with anything else if I were to start with like a already-live something it's almost a little too like stretch folks you know it's like I want to be pretty exhausted because then when I do do an idea not to say do do but two plates only on the Smith I'll be able to feel my fucking hamstrings really firing because they've already been burned out so you know it's almost like well it's not a good analogy but it's like if somebody punching the arm it wouldn't take much force to get you to feel those pain signals again because it's already kind of tender now of course this damage is in a good way but I think you get the gist of one again so let's let's just go nuts in a controlled fashion ugh well too heavy but let's see one more just like that and then move on to some like extensions and another sort of back and forth silence today oh okay let's go grab a white extension rest periods are getting shorter you know the incest just aren't so damaged I get still failure but I'm hitting failure earlier let's carbs let's kind of just set high set endurance I guess but the pump goes on let's grab something let's belt in and then 10 reps on the left side 10 of the right back and forth until just quad up moderation and this weight is within race like this is nothing crazy one sixty a little more than double stack or a little more than half this deck but it's a kind of a late stack so this is serving two purposes for one it's a good work and said but it's also warm up my knees like wands in general so if I move on to some kind of pressing next like a squatter like press I'll just feel more ready for it you know like you're not going to want to bust that into a full on sprint without warming up and that's kind of what these are serving a purpose of at least in the scheme of quads you Oh, okay. A little head, let's not just one. But that was good. Meas are feeling really good. One more. Give me a second. Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Oh my god. No. No. No. Oh, yeah. Wow. That's a good. Slaw or stretch focus style. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Oh, holy shit. One more. But slower pool of damage on a repy. It's not out of the. It's so fucking out of the. Yeah. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Okay. That's good. It's going again. Movements. TBB. I got to play you better for a second. Well, the idea of what it is, money will be a leg extensions again, let's say. A little bit of at least wisdom that applies directly to me on kind of. I'm feeling very strong. But usually this leg press full stack is pretty fucking head to the point where I mean, after like, you know, a few sets of leg extensions more. even get the first rep moving. Loading low in a good set. So you might think, okay, well, like what's feel extra strong? My knee's still really good. They have been a little bit tender the last few days, but now I got the green light. I should try to, I should try to just want six plates on Smith vision. Now I can climb that's the exact answer. So I'm gonna air on the side of caution. I'm still gonna, I mean, this is the sack, of course, but this is gonna be a bit more lengthy torturous set. I'm gonna try to do as many reps as I can, no rest, no nothing, which is, I mean, I guess that sounds like it goes with that saying. But for some like a leg press, or even bench, it's very easy to do some, get a little tired, and then rest at the top for the extra breaths. So I'm gonna try to get as many rapid reps in a row, and then obviously burn out with a couple of big hoffs and puffs in between to get, you know, whatever benefits, a little bit of mid set reoxygenation to do for me. So now I gotta do is, okay, good song, get it up and go nuts. And I think I'll go one notch deep there. That'll be good right there. Actually, now. That's good. There we go. All right, come on. Here, here. Boom. Let's hit him. Nice. Nice. Nice. Its going. Boom. Boom! Ooh! Keep there! Oh! Well, Emm! Yes! Ah, me! OK. Oh gosh. Oh Oh Oh Oh crap That is like the weirdest shit. Here's the first two reps feel like nothing but then six hit you like a fucking uh Oh Like a full bag like Let's do it for Mario's nice Smith machine If it's open Not my favorite But dumbbells will still work 75 Same as normal Hinge at the hips And feel my hamstrings do the main pulling Much easier said than done So start lighting just try to get a beautiful for it Let's finally tip to anybody There Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh One more Alright come on Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Ah I feel like starting this old time my good Oh Oh Oh Let's move on to some of the extensions again I'm fucking dying right now And again the good way but I'm putting on the deficit Back to the outside I have reasons to believe that this might actually be yet Left right right Alternating this time Every five months And honestly my quadro It's fucking cool I wonder I think I might actually start after like Like leverage My carbs during the week To bias a carb heavy quading Because like arms doesn't suffer so much from the player And I'm still a good chef and back day flat as your flat AF right But legs I'm hitting the thick point of difficulty Diet related to the point where I might need to get myself a little more food on leg days And let it less on the rest of them It's a kind of counteract the average calorie intake Just so I can really keep thrashing legs Or alternate solution Drop the leg volume Doesn't feel like a cooler option but that might just be there Might be decay Well Either way I think this will be it Post down And then for you we'll go to the car But for me I'm just gonna go camp out On the ad dr. For a while Okay Let's go plant some beer today Appreciate it Alright Let's get a minor zoom in here But legs I would say legs have been stimulated I think thrash is not exactly the right word But that's kind of not what I'm aiming for right now It sucks because like it's not cool It's not cool for me to say I kind of took it easy But the amount of energy to recover that I have right now And the calorie deficit It's just not fucking infinite You know like bulking up If you're eating in a real calorie surplus Like you're eating an extra five 700 calories On a day-to-day above your maintenance Then I would go so far as to say over training At least in like a regular working out Kind of context Is damn near impossible Because you just got so much fucking food in your system Like if you really were overtraining You would know it Dying down That's where it's actually a bit more legit Because it's like yeah, I've simply only got 23-ish hundred calories a day So recover from all this damage I'm trying to do And if I overdo it I'm gonna get gradually more tender And so I'm gonna hold it all Like random pieces of shit And my knees are gonna like you just fucking adds up You know, so I gotta be a bit smarter And the dieting down context Which unfortunately for me means you know No nose bleeding sets of sniff squats But that's okay That'll be for the bulk And a few months from now But let's roll up these pant legs and see just how we're looking I need shorter shorts Because when I roll these up I get a little A bit of a diaper look But what do you ever do? So That's certainly a set of freaking squats No, I'll get this Yeah, you got a hint of quad feathering I'm not sure it really comes across in the camera It should And then let's see how the size of the camera Now I'm gonna get this So gradually giving vaneier Caffe veins I'm becoming a more apparent We do a little breath hold see if I can bust him out a little bit extra Y'all Oh, well Any other case Quad's breathing will be pumped Hamstrings definitely fucking fatigued And now all I get to do is Run over to the ad doctor Sit down play on my phone and squish my legs together for a couple sets Back to shit up in the car and go eat something Okay, starving Okay, I think I Officially need a Refeed day It's not that does not mean I'm now gonna eat ten gazillion calories Ten thousand calorie refeed challenge Not exactly not a freaking exactly But a refeed is not just an excuse to cheat on your diet It actually does have some legit utility That is if it's actually used and it's intended to fashion You know because there's a diminishing return effect that happens as you diet And then dining down especially And I will explain This is a little bro sciency But the basic sentiment is there like it's a pretty good description I feel As you get lighter you physically get You're holding on to less mass You have to keep less mass on your frame alive Which is your main energy Not source but your main consumer of energy It's just staying a fucking life You know do in your cardio whatever you burning calories you do whatever But as much energy as you output physically I mean you're burning like ten times that just in like heat production And you know keep in all your muscle oxygenated So obviously a whale is gonna need to eat more food than me It's bigger So as you get lighter as you get leaner as you get smaller You actually have to eat less food Because your body now needs less food to stay that weight So it kind of you sort of like a self regulating system You know if if a famine were to hit And you were suddenly now only able to access Twenty you know two thousand calories per day If you only ate two thousand calories per day And let's say you started at three Then you would get lighter you'd get to a lighter body weight until 2000 was your new baseline Three thousand used to be your baseline up here when you were this heavy But now that you're lighter Less food will let you stay the same size So when you die down you have to fight against that because your metabolism wants to slow down Right food is now becoming more scarce So as a system you like dude fuck But then I start really running through this shit like Like whatever like I got to conserve this energy You know see your metabolism starts to slow down a bit And that sucks because what that means is if you want to continue losing body fat Then if your baseline metabolism if your maintenance calorie number is now decreasing Then if you want to keep getting leaner you have to continue to eat less and less and less and less and less So one step which helps mitigate that effect is by doing your cardio Like maintain some extra activity in calorie burning So that you're always you know kind of keeping your metabolism a little bit higher from being more active Right if somebody were to do two hours of activity per day versus someone who doesn't even if they're the same weight That guy who did two hours of any kind of activity. I'm not even saying working out But anything like being active He will burn more calories in the day Then the guy who didn't so dieting wise That's sort of the gist that's the situation The longer you diet you have to continue to eat less and less fucking food But if you do that before you know it fuck man I'm an 1800 calories today if I want to keep losing this pound or whatever You know and I do not want to be eating 1800 calories per day at least not yet You know dude I'll do it. I'll do it. I have to do later on in this what is going to end up being a prep Right once I'm really getting an extra lean but right now I don't have to go that drastic So the logic of a refeed is okay My metabolism is slowing down. It's getting I'm getting used to this deficit It's not giving me the same like fat burning effect that it used to because now you didn't use to it So the refeed and then you take a day you eat an extra I don't know what the standard amount is Usually I just kind of end up going like a thousand calories over maybe an extra like 300 to 50 grams of carbs of whatever variety usually a treat That's a I use the refeed kind of is like a cheat in a way but The idea there is okay now you're suddenly adding extra fuel to your system your body's like okay, dude Now I get a lot of food eat all right Kind of ranch your metabolism up a little bit more because now you're used to running on that much So you almost give your metabolism next to kickstart and as you keep getting leaner Or as you keep a or as you get back on track to eating in your calorie deficit Then it'll be a little it'll have a little bit more of a punch You know and then that's not the best explanation But you know it's about it, you know So it's been about two months of Consistent calorie restriction It's probably about a good time Especially today I could kind of feel a little bit of extra extra lower energy in that quad day And not like overall energy but really like set by set kind of endurance because I want to be I still want to kill it even if I'm darting down So that's and then if you're thinking well Sam what you're really need to change is start adding some goddamn rest days Why are you training every day you might be on a something that is also something I'm thinking about too Because like I was saying during the post down like if you're eating the ton of food if you're actually eating more than enough fuel To run your system and keep training on the regular then over training gets tricky You know not the easiest thing to do but you start restricting your calories You start getting extra lean you're really kind down Then the rest might be necessary So we'll just have to see I'm not anti rest day But I just don't want to take him if I don't need to you know because it's like I'm just a freaking you know lifted nut You know you can't you can't take the gym rat out of the gym. It just doesn't work like that you know But you know rock so that's something that I might kind of consider but with the might be a little hiatus I guess on those days I'll just because I'll still do cardio of course. I'll just that might just ease back in the lift So in days like that maybe I don't know what I'll just show you some bills and stuff But good lift There ain't good friggin lift even though it was a little bit later on the gas pedal Then I would probably prefer it's just a nature dide down right now I'll get back to full throttle once we start bulking up again So that's the that's the given take you know you're bulking up Big strong crazy pumped Not so lean you're diving down you look a little crazy But you know feel so crazy so it's it's always just like a back and forth right can't have it He can't have it exactly perfect there's always a given take with those sort of things But that's why I like either bulking up or cutting down at least for now Because I'm still trying to like make gains and continue to beef up eventually I'll reach a point where I'm like, okay, this isn't I'll stay here for a while and then back off to a bit more regular you know, I'll probably do the classic Body bill they're a transition into like more athletic face training because I you know I don't know how long it's going to take but I'm sure eventually I'm going to have my fill of you know chasing size And then I'll want to get more more limber again, but that'll be a little while right for now We're really into this part of it, but for now I'm either bulking up or cutting down right no matter what time of year it is There's always a specific directive which I'm aiming for which I really think is important for I mean anybody lifting context Because if you're trying to make progress But you're not like working towards something specific then it's such an arbitrary goal man, you know, it's like You kind of have to pinpoint yourself down to some specific metrics that you want to work on And that makes it so much easier to adjust and try to improve on them because you actually know specifically what you're aiming for Right, I mean telling somebody or somebody saying, okay, I want to get better or golf I always add that golf references just because Mark does it but I want to get better at golf man It's like what the fuck is that you want to you want to you want to better drive you want to stop a slice in it You want to get your short game back in line like well, there's a many ways to look at that Whereas somebody who says to himself, okay for the next couple of weeks I really want to work on my internal rotation and form and keep it in my left arm totally straight And keep not tracking the ball, you're just like little things like that, you know, it makes it so much easier Because instead of a big or a big overarching like just idea of something you want to do If you pinpoint it down you magnify it out, okay, I want to gain weight I want to gain muscle, I want to bulk Then that's not arbitrary, that's okay. I want to eat in a surplus, I want to train hard, I want to recover And I want my trend line on the scale to be positive That's it, that's not it, but that's the gist of it, same thing, dieting down All right, I mean, I want to get lean Calorie restriction cardio training recovery It's four parts Now it's not as easy as dad, there's a lot more that goes into it But if you're looking at it, are you looking at your routine, you say, okay, what do I need to improve on? It's really just those four things, man, you know, are you slacken off or are you taking a couple extra Rest days or taking like weeks off of the gym consistently? And dude, you're training's off, what the fuck? Are you staying up crazy late and waking up at a regular time? Like you gotta do like school or whatever, and then you stay up until two o'clock Played four night or something, you're sleeping shit Fuck man, you gotta work out Are you actually eating in a calorie deficit? Are you trying to track your stuff? Fuck man, you gotta start tracking that shit, you know? I'm not trying to cut back on the swearing, it's, I don't know I swear I don't talk that this in real life, like person, person So you have to drink today You had a monster and a Coke get lunch, your hydration is off that And that's like those four main things, if you could jump those a little bit closer to ideal And I'm not even saying perfect, but just a bit closer than lifting wise progress wise You're gonna see some pretty noticeable fucking changes And the best part is it's insanely direct Like if you get a good night's rest on average for the next week, you're going to feel it right that If you stay and actually get yourself really hydrated, you're gonna feel better If you're actually eating as much food as you're aiming for, being bulk cut, maintain You should see those results basically instantly on the scale Now I say instantly isn't like, you know, over the course of a few days or like a week But in the scheme of working out a week, it's quick And if you actually start training, extra hard, you know, a lot in the in the sense It'll notice it takes a little while it takes a little while But you will notice and the best part is it's hard in the beginning, but it gets easier You know any top level dude at anything Sure, like they're putting in it same effort, they're really grinding All the time they're looking at all these little details about what they're doing Try and improve it, but since they've worked their way up to that speed It's no longer like a challenge, that's just their baseline day Like that's what they're used to Like to reach a state of locked in It's I feel like it's so like Pandered on all the TikTok hype edits and stuff We're like it's just crazy maximum effort like everything But the reality is I think really being locked in It's not to the point where you feel like you're full throttle redlining your effort like every day Because locked in is just what you're used to Like going to the gym every day is normal life Doing your cardio on the regular just feels like another step Track in your calories It's just what you do, you know Like you wouldn't look at a tuna or a freaking What's like a marlin swimming what like 60 miles of freaking hour in the water Like that's just what they're made for you know so you can get to that state just by exposure I mean sure tracking your calories sucks at the beginning as much as I love talking about it I'm not trying to say it's easy you know You feel like you've got OCD you know you're weighing everything you're counting every gram of everything Like yeah me it sucks I'm not a I'm not oblivious to that but the longer you do it eventually it's just still normal and you don't even think about it Right, I mean that first day that you came in and worked out And especially you know maybe the day or two after you really felt like it hit you But two weeks later that's soreness is gone right you're getting more use with your adapting to the training environment that you're putting yourself into And if you continue to give yourself enough stimulus to adapts Then before you know it like 90% effort will just feel like regular effort You know so just something to think about right I mean the guys who And it's kind of it's so counterintuitive you know because I'm sure anybody who you've ever seen in your gym where they're like a top dog bigger dude And maybe not even bigger but just like they're training consistently for a long time they know what they're doing For them it's not a challenge to say okay, I'm going to the gypsa day Okay, I'm gonna get my pre-work out and get my shoes together and I put my gym back in the car with it's get after this run Like that internal battle that doesn't exist for that that's just how they do it But as a beginner if getting through that internal battle of like a fucking guy got to go to the gym Then that's just the difficulty level that you have to reach and if you can break through that in two weeks later That little debate in your mind will begin to fade and now instead of thinking okay, am I gonna go to the gym today? It's like okay, how hard am I gonna go today? Okay And then eventually you get to a point where you have to tell yourself okay, I better back off on legs today because I'm dying down, I don't want to stress out my knees from trying to go too heavy I'm like press in a calorie deficit you know, so it's a momentum which takes a while to build up But once that speed has been acquired then object emotions can sustain a tricky portion So the tricky part really is just building up that speed at the beginning But that's my stick there and if you're working on the regular you already know this someone I don't have to say that to you know what you're doing But playing for tomorrow some chest Maybe a little bit of side duts just get kicks but we'll have to see I've been saying that and I don't really do it So maybe maybe I'll have to have it tomorrow Well, I'll see how chest feels if I feel crazy pumped after the chest after the chest portion Then I'll just call it there but either way, I'll see you tomorrow

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 60 - Back 2 Month Mark [QNzqI2OdEb8].txt ===

It's pretty cold man. It's 22 out here with wind. Not my favorite state. At least it's just a cold and wet. Cold and dry, you know, what a cold and wet. But plan for back will be an earlier lift actually made freaking day. It's up 30. When are you going to wear this? In a few words, hump the S.H.I.T. out of it. Lats traps and everything else in between, which is, I mean, it's not cool to say, but the training metrics right now, it just, the stakes are a little lower. You know, because all I'm doing is maintaining the muscle that I've already built. And maintaining is not so tricky as I really build it. So, I, like, it's not like I'm bored for say, but the dieting down phase is a little bit less stringuous overall just because the tricky part is the battle of okay. Maybe don't listen to it. Listen to you, body telling you. Sam, don't get three double cheese workers. Sam, I know you would mind a big ass bowl or whatever, which I'm not feeling insane like cheat on my diet or urges yet, but that's the hard part of the diet, right? It's, uh, it's simply fighting your instinct to want to eat more food. That's the, really the number one factor. Herdo is whatever. I mean, the acarrio is not the trickiest thing in the world, but the dieting calorie restrictions. That's what, that's what tricks people up. And the hard part is, it's like, it's, it's purely for your own sake, you know? So, it can't be cheated. Like, every time you go to the cupboard or you go to the pantry, nobody's watching and you get just a handful of anything. You know, a couple of pretzels, a couple of whatever. Those calories add up, you know? And even if you try to, like, forget about it or you ate it and passing and you were just kind of mindlessly, like, there's a bowl of chips on the table, so you had a couple, like, you might forget it, and it might not seem like anything even noticeable for your day, but your body walked, right? So, it really does require some diligence, which turns it into a pretty serious freaking chore. But at this point I've done it so many times, or at least, I don't know, I think I've gotten lean, maybe five or six times from being a little bit softer, so I've gone through the process of restriction cardio, everything where, you know, I know I can do it, but I think I might just want it to be happening faster. And I'm definitely starting to feel some of the effects, especially in yesterday's leg day, you know, was really feeling some fattest fatigue from something lack of calories. So, the point where I got home, I had an extra big bowl of the race with my grab beef, so I went about 800 calories over my limit, turned it yesterday into a little bit of a re-feed day, and as expected woke up a couple of times heavier, but every so often re-feed does have a plate of silence, that's all I talked about in the way home, get the carton, the way back, legs, last week, but back, nothing braised, last time I did it, it was like alternating like two sets of rows, two sets of full dance, two sets of rows, two sets of full dance, kind of back and forth like that. So this one, I changed it up a little more, maybe I'll do all rows first and then finish full dance or, oh, it's just have to say hey, I mean half of a half of my thought process is right now, it's like okay, let's go in, let's warm up, let's see how I feel, and then also see what machines are taking, and I'd heard about the puppy gym, okay, I'll work out what's up, and it's like yeah, I asked to work in, but there is a point and I think I'm better fit to be in, say okay, but machine I wanted to do was taken, no need to dwell on this, even at all, immediate pivot, do something else, just kids, and you're not sitting around waiting, and if you're waiting like five minutes between machines, five minutes, especially guiding down, not full carbs, that's a time to completely lose salt pump, and then you almost have to build back your momentum, it just sucks, and so if you wanted to do a hamstring row, but then you had to crew three-due the rotation using it, pick something else, Pronto, and then get that, because you gotta remember, it's not necessarily important that every specific set is done in a very specific way, but I always come in at six o'clock in your chest, I always do the smith, and I always do the kiddo, so if you're a little more on the superstitious side, this might be a bit of a hard tip to roll to get into, but it's not about a set by set basis, it's about an average cumulative set of tits, which if overall, it's great, then you're good, and you've got a little leeway where maybe you think you wanted to do this row machine, you get six reps in, and you think, and yeah, I don't like to play these fields, let's just jump into something else, the quicker you can make that decision, the better, because if you don't make it decision at all, then you just sit around like, oh should I do this search? Oh, this is, then before you know, you're spending an extra 30 minutes in the gym lead, and after, it barely pops, probably not have a much fun, it's not conducive to me that during a literally flow, you don't say it, but either way, I can predict with 98% certainty, that 2% uncertainty, that's, uh, that would have to be packed in a higher power, I'm talking to you, you're straight, that in an hour or so time, mind you have a freak chance back, so don't point yourself in it further, just go make it happen. I never start with V bar rows for a reason, sometimes I don't like the fact that it's kind of restrictive range of motion-wise, like with a wide grip, I can really pull far, and think of it as a close grip, it's like almost running into my lats, but if this had a different kind of squeezing feel, I started to explain, but it's almost like I'm feeling my lower lats and my upper traps at the same time. When usually with a wide grip, I kind of either hit one of the other, but either way, a controlled squeezing set, it started nothing to the wild, bit Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. One or two more. Same style, same everything. Not the heaviest stack in the world. Honestly, probably good thing though. If it did go heavier, probably go too heavy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. One more. One steak and more. I think one more piece. Maybe an upper back focus rail over Yonder. And pull that. I can see a three moment lift. Doesn't take much of a whole thing. But let's get one more going. I might, uh, uh, mostly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Holy crap. Oh. Well, that was good. Let's do a chest supported row over there. And unlike, uh, five. Well, unlike this stack, that one's fucking heavy. It's not going to need full stack action over there. More light and controlled. All right. I might have theory just a little bit. This first one, I'll try to go extra heavy. The next one I'll go a bit later. That's a little stronger than I expected as all. No. No. Oh, yeah. Oh. That's too heavy. That's a good set. But I was still at the chat. Let's drop a 30 instead of 300. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Okay. Let's go back to some of that. Let's do it for a moment. Pull down to occupied. But the cable is not so. Left-back first. Then right side, single arm, squeezing. Pretty heavy. I mean, the full stack. So, I'll go to the announcement. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think one more goes. That'll be it. Six set shooters today. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my gosh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 63 - Cardio [K1nGto647Fg].txt ===

There we go back to, back to base, back to regularly documented, working out, working out related discussions. But yesterday we ended up flying back, so I mean Mark were in freaking transit from a 10 Vegas time till like 9 o'clock, Ohio time. So I mean you know, a little bit shorter only like 8 or so hours. But enough where, by the time I got back, it just made more sense to save legs for today. Instead of trying to sneak it in yesterday at like 11 at night and then not go to bed till who knows, like 2 or 3. So cardio this morning, 30 actually, document. And you hear, I don't like shit. When J tells you the kick and in gear, I think you, you kind of have to listen. So I think that's a good cue to jump it from my 35 minutes to at least a 40, maybe even 45. I've been doing 45 the last couple of days when we were at the like going to the random gyms when we were down there. I think I'll see how I can handle 45. But year almost over. I mean, what's today December 9th? How many days is that? 3308 or something? 3 into 39. Either way, something like that. And I tell you something, there's two kinds of people. There's the guys who did their cardio and were reasonably informed about like calories and shit this year and then they were the guys who weren't. And I think it's unfortunate that that's the case. But it's still true nonetheless. So which category were you in? Hopefully if you're watching this, I mean, especially if you're watching this, the cardio video you've been on your shit. But you know, the results will show. The guys who did that odds are they looking. And the guys who didn't odds are they don't. You know, it's kind of just a, uh, it's like a give-and-take. All right, if you can clock in that many hours of just elevated heart rate, combined with some reasonable weight training, plus a little bit of diet intervention, even if it's just like making sure you get your protein in per day. You can have completely different results than if you had done none of that at all. I mean, I can't overstate the jump from going from no gym, like zero, nothing to just five days a week or four days a week of, uh, like some weight training. Not even like the most stringuous crazy shit in the world. I mean, just like regular, uh, you can say even casual workouts, like just, you know, getting active. I'm talking like the same level of intensity as if you were to just grab a set of dumbbells. If you were at, uh, like the grocery store or something, then you crumb like kind of as a joke a little bit. Doing volume like that compared to zero is massive. Now, of course, doing like real intense hard working sets from more casual, just getting exposed to the weight sets. That's also massive jump. So, what that tells me is, I want to be as close to the max of training intensity as possible. So, just going to keep you the best results. But, you know, we see it every year. I mean, gyms are going to start being extra packed for maybe a month. And they're going to clear out a little bit. And the guys who stay, right, and sort of break that pattern. They're the ones who next year are no longer going to be saying, all right, let's get after it this new year's. A new year, new me, they're the guys who are now going to be saying, uh, shit. The January's coming around. Better start lifting it five to avoid the crowd or whatever else, you know. Like, it feels like it's a long time. But really, like, look at back. I mean, it's kind of just a fucking blank. You know, I mean, look back in the last three months. If you had a little bit of a portion of time where you're like, okay, I probably could have done my cardio this morning. And then you didn't do it. I mean, odds are you're not still riding the high of, like, oh, I don't know how to do my cardio. Nice. Like, the the reward from not doing it. It's like that. Like, it's enough. Now, in the moment it feels pretty good. Right. I mean, if you're, if it's even not really interested in the cardio, you're not really feeling that you're feeling just straight tired. It's like skipping class, you know, you get this little relief of like, oh, shit. I'm not going to do it. Oh, and that doesn't last. That's over right then. You know, any amount of time passes, that feeling is gone. And not only that, but you're not basically behind. Because time is constantly flowing. So it's almost like you're always subject to inflation. So if every day you're not getting at least a tiny, inksy bit of head be at the working out, be at the whatever, then you fucking fall in behind. Because it's almost like you're fast forwarding time. And if you're the exact same dude that you were in the beginning of the year, then what you really do this year, right? I mean, what are you going to be able to look back on it, say, oh, shit. Even on the crazy side of things, if you didn't want to stick with the working out at all, you can least say, yeah, I was a real workout in that 2024. Got over that really quick, but at least you had something you could say, like, yeah, I did that for a while. Not a lot of people even get to that step. But who's a, it's not my place to judge, you know, but I can't say this. If I were in somebody else's shoes and they weren't doing the cardio, and I guess I would be the one not doing my cardio, I'd want to get on it. But that's coming from my perspective. Obviously in my fucking, you know, Jim Ratten, not, I'd say, I'd say probably beyond Jim, not, I'd say, probably Jim Attect. So, you know, take that with a grain of salt. But this morning, let's get cardio done, do a little post, cardio check in, then just getting the card drive back home. Now much to say, because this is kind of making up for the fact that, uh, this is, this is just making up for the fact that there's no lifts yesterday. So every time I'm, uh, every time I'm traveling out somewhere, for whatever he's not a student, you know, busy in that day, we can have a workout. I'll just place in some little cardio talking for you. That's torturous as it might be for some guys to see winner shred of thund day 60 cardio. I'm, uh, out of all, out of everything that I talked about, the cardio is not going anywhere. Cardio macros, I guess I got four pillars of the CM style. Cardio macros intensity, consistency. I think it all kind of boils down to one of these four topics. But that further ado, how about we just jump to after cardio and see how we're looking two months deep in this dieted face. All right, so after what I would say was a highly successful cardio session, 49 minutes, 630 calories. Now, the time is right. The calories, I mean, that's a great of like how hard you went. But it's kind of hard to think. Because, I mean, your metabolism and your, I guess the word is like your efficiency as a guy doing the cardio, the, the machine doesn't take any that into account. So it's a good representation of how hard you went on like a scale of zero to, you know, whatever. But I never end up doing the math of like, okay, I ate this much food today. I'm going to burn this many calories and this much cardio and like that's not really how I end up doing it. You know, like 30 minutes of cardio and I'll just kind of ramp it up, time wise, a little bit intensity wise over time. And then whatever my deficit bulk, I mean, its calories are like that just stays the same. Like I don't try to do all of this addition and subtraction by what my activity level was there. It's, I feel like that's, that's kind of too much. It's like cardio and the lift should be a staple of the days. So I don't consider that like extra energy that I'm burning on a day by day basis. That's just the amount of energy I'd burn. So I mean, I guess if you skip your cardio a lot, you might have to take that into account. But if you're doing it consistently, I wouldn't worry about trying to do the math. Just make sure you do it hit a good number for me at like if there were no numbers, if I was just on an old school cardio bike that was like big metal flywheel with a little plastic like dowel that you tighten or loosened it affect the resistance. I just said it where I could spin it and I guess the pace I'm used to and then by 10 minutes in, I should start to feel a little drips on my stomach or so and then by 30, I should have a good amount of sweat. This is extra. Like my whole, this shirt is now freaking too tonk as the old torso is drenched. But usually I don't get this sweaty. That's only when I'm doing extra long sessions like right now. You know, because the deep I get into this dieting phase, I'm changing two factors, two variables which are helping me continue to get linear. For one, I want to increase my activity level, more cardio and I want to decrease my calorie intake. And by doing both of those at the same time, it kind of gives you the best of both worlds. If you do no extra cardio, then you really have to fucking starve yourself. If you're being a bit more active on a day by day basis, you get a little bit more food. So that's why I can't help but like get curious why people aren't doing more cardio. Because the more cardio you do, the more food you get ate and not gain weight. There's a value of the burning it off sort of effect. So even if you don't want to be a die hard like, you know, diving, that case. If you are just more active in general, your baseline level of leanness is going to decrease. But enough of cardio, you happen. Let's run through some classics here. Get a little torso, check in at day 60. Is this day 60 or 61? Well, need away. Oh my gosh. Oh, goodness. Let's see what else is there. Not freaking much. Yeah, yeah. Usually all the fancy stuff. Kind of like, man to see. I don't know, that's more so for like, yeah, and to diving. But as you leaner, I mean, more poses will start to look more cool looking, right? I mean, even some shit just like, oh, goodness. Well, cardio complete. I'm starting to see a bit of shit. I mean, starting to see a little bit of like, abvane, just like creeping up down the middle. So yeah, definitely making some fucking moves that last wise. But I'm going to go up, do some more cable crunches or not some more, but do some cable crunches. I'll talk to Marks and see sit in arms up there. And for you, I will see you in the freaking car. All right, so Marks curl in in the bathroom in the background. So when it comes to abs, I mean, I've done a zillion different kind of ab workouts, like, all the gymnastics, all the diving stuff, very core focus. So I mean, I've done all the leg lifts and the crunches and the leg, especially like the V-ups and everything in planks. But, you know, I actually getting in to controlling my own workouts. I'm not doing those anymore, right? I'm going to treat my abs just like I treat any other muscle. So I'm not going to sit here and do a chest workout of like sets of a hundred pushups. Now, in an athletic training style, you're going to want to look at it a different way. But in a muscle building style, what works? Working sets reasonably loaded. And the way that I like that the most is something like this, kneeling, grab a rope, grab like a V-bar, grab anything, you can get a good grip on, and then just crunch. And the more you do it, I think it might be a, I think it's good I need to start reasonably light because then you can start to build a good connection of like feeling like you're actually pulling your rib cage down to your hips. Because that's all your abs are doing right? That's just that big chunk of fucking muscle crunching your torso inward. And once you got a good feeling of that, just spam these, man. And it doesn't take much. I used to go through periods where every lift or every morning after cardio, I would do some abs training like this, but they get so much work, just like living plus if you're a gym rat, you're going to be fudging your abs all the time in all your poses. They just don't really go away. Though I do an uptraining a little more and a little more in a dieting phase. And half of that is sort of bro science, old bodybuilder logic of you harden your abs into getting into compensation shape. And nine times out of freaking 10, all the old school bodybuilding logic ends up being proven right later. So, you know, I'm sure we're going to see the Jeff Nippard video, the scientific reason why ab training in a deficit is actually more, right? It doesn't change the fact that the shit's still true once you've got a study explaining it. So, all I'm going to do is camp out here. Do, I don't know, maybe seven or eight sets. You can probably do the stack once you get into it, but don't go too heavy that you start feeling like you're using your lats and you're like, I want to work my abs and that's all. Alright, There we go. It's been a minute since we had a little desk meal talk. So we got four pounds of ground beef thrown into a damn pot. Low. Give it a stir every couple of minutes. And then the real tricky part is just straining it out. So if you get a... I don't know. If you use the lid and close the lid on itself and then flip it around into some kind of strainer bowl, that's probably your best bet. But what I usually do is I just kind of smash all the ground beef into the bottom corner kind of an angle so that if I flip it sort of sideways, I can strain it all off without having it topple over and just splash hot like you just a beef juice all the free go over the place. But that's probably the biggest extent of my meal prep so far, just because it's the easiest because the protein, you know, not even a ton of carbs. I don't need a big ass bowl or like a rice cooker going all at once. Like if I were to have all my carbs per like for the entire day right now in rice, it'd be less than half of this bowl worth. So the only thing I really want to have prep is the protein. And having the ground beef right there, it's kind of just the best of both worlds because like you're saving yourself the time of having to cook individual portions at once. And you know, with anything else, there's almost no point prepping it. I guess like chicken turkey, if you're into a... If that's one of your main sources, but like something like egg whites, if I've got an egg white based meal, I'm just going to make that right then. I've seen guys prep the egg whites and it seems a little bit wild. But half a pound of ground beef, some low sugar ketchup, low fat mayonnaise, mustard, dill relish. It kind of gives me the essence of a hamburger, but no carbs from the no bun. A little bit from the ketchup, so even though it's low sugar, it's not no sugar. So this puts me in about 50 grams of protein. I think it was eight grams of carbs and then with the low fat mayonnaise, about 18 grams of fats. And that's not much, you know. I mean that only puts me like, like this isn't even a 500 calorie meal. So at my rate of consumption, I get to have four of these plus some snacks in between throughout the entire day. It's pretty filling. So one more tip I'll leave you with before you know, get back to this meal and we get back to it. Or I guess you can get back to whatever you were doing is I would highly recommend eat your protein first. Like if you're really doubting down to the point where you've got, uh, well, I guess I leverage my carbs in weird ways because like this isn't really low carb meal. I'm going to have a higher carb meal later. But if I've got a bowl or some portions of protein and then carbs, specifically be it rice, potatoes, anything, I'm going to try to eat the majority of the protein first. One more filling. And then you've already got this sort of like innate sensation from having food in your stomach. Like, okay, you've got some food in here. Finishing off with the treat, right? I mean, if you got rice with like some kind of like zero sugar, sweet teriyaki sauce, so I understand something like that's pretty sweet. Like that's good food. You get to eat that having already, you know, eating the fluff or whatever your main meal was. Just more filling, right? It really is having, well, you know, dessert after dinner. Now the dieting phase of things. That's not it's calling like just rice dessert. But you know, I really do think it plays into it. And I see a lot of studies about that. I mean, I'm not looking at these studies, of course, but I'm saying like I see it referenced where it's like, you know, your blood sugar releases much more flatlined. If you have protein first and then your carbs and half of that is probably just due to the fact that like when you eat any food at all, it's going to trigger an insulin release. So if you're eating your protein first, your body's already shooting out some insulin because it's got to send all these nutrients across your freaking cells. And then you eat your carbs. You're already in a state of like utilization of whatever those calories are. But that might begin a little specific compared to the regular like calories in calories out. Depth of things that we're, that we usually talk about. But I'm not joking, man. I mean, there's so much like, you can almost say like cheating the system that you can do when you've got a good grasp on how you're dieting, how the amount of foods that you're reading affects all sorts of end results. You know, I mean, if you're a die hard like health nut, like if you're watching the dude who's trying to like reverse his aging and he's like he's got this perfect sleep score for a year straight and that sort of shit like if you're looking at those sort of metrics like making sure all your levels and everything or within certain ranges, the diet is going to be a pretty damn important part of that. And then for us more on like a macro-scopic level, if I want to get bigger, I got to make sure the fuels there. And if I want to get leaner, I got to make sure that not too much fuel is there. You know, only you could think of yourself all me in pretty healthy. And then you got a big ass bowl of like salad with like Italian dressing, 30 grams of fats and then you've got like you know like a steak and potatoes, you think you're eating healthy and you just had a 1200 calorie meal and you're having a couple of those per day. Like it's not all about specific foods, the amounts like the pure calorie values. You gotta look into that a little bit like the taking one step further and getting into that sort of tracking, I promise results are to be gained from having done it. But that's a, you can't be forced, you know. I've said this a couple times. You can leave the lifter to the macro tracker. You can't force them to use it. But going into going into 2025, if you haven't really taken the calorie side of things, the diet side of things seriously, I'd recommend. But I'm going to sit here. Eat this, have another meal or two and then I got legs tonight. So, I'll see you for that tomorrow.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 64 - Legs [daRv-k6TdKA].txt ===

There we go. Finally back into the finally back into the regular swing of things. Going places, if I can throw it's the after game, you know. Time zones change and you get a days where you just travel around. So you either get a first you live first. A little unprepared, potentially underfed, or saved it for later after day of being a little bit extra inflamed. And then odds are you're probably just better off turning that into a rest day. It's a lot of angles to look at there. But finally back, carb intake for the day so far, quite low. I think I've only had like 60. Little higher in the fats. I had to have left over. It's a grand beef. I finished off basically everything I was still in the fridge before I made some extra ground beef last night. But yeah, perfectly prepared for a leg day. At least I will be once I get this pre-workout consumed in the caffeine. Kind of working so I can magic. And the reason I haven't yet is because... ...legs is a long lift. And if I already, with most of these workouts, I end up drinking the pre-workout. Like obviously beforehand. But like if I'm about to go do chest, I get straight into it. And the workout only takes like 40-something minutes. So if the gym is 20 minutes away, I'll drink it at the house, drive, but it's how I get there warm it up. And then the main component of that workout is already begun. But with legs, I've got to do hamstrings first. Mmmmm. Oh, excuse me. But gotta get hamstrings out of the way first. Or I might make tonight a little bit of the back and forth of hamstrings and quads. And we'll just have to see. But it's a bit longer. And two big muscle groups. Something like chest, I'm only going to do seven total work in the sets. But something like legs. Hamstrings and quads together. Takes a little bit more. Takes a little more adding. So usually I like to sort of delay my caffeine release by drinking the pre-workout right when I get started. Because I don't need to be fucking, you know, steam that on my mind for hamstring curls. I want to feel the full effects of the caffeine. And some of the legit performance of the handstand effects. Like it does have a bit of a pain tolerance sort of something or rather going on. You're literally going to be able to go harder fully caffeinated. But. It's just. I don't want it to run out. All right. So I feel like if I drink it. Now it's fully kicked in by the first set of hamstrings. It's like a metinol time energy high in the beginning. And then I reach sort of a low. Right is on about to start quads. The hard part. It just doesn't work for me. And you might think to yourself, okay, say I'm one of quads and hamstrings together is too much. Why not split them? I think about that. But. It's like I could either save hamstrings for a separate day and just do quads only. But then I got to throw hamstrings in with like a completely unrelated muscle group, which just doesn't really feel right for me. Or I got to turn my leg days into leg two days where. Oh. Look. Excuse me. Where I've got hamstrings in like the morning of the evening. And then quads at night. It just. I don't see it. You know. And the reason I think that doing hamstrings at least. More bias towards the beginning of the workout for legs if not just in the beginning of legs. Like same just finish all quads first then you're done and then do hamstrings. Well hamstrings like it takes some out of you. But it doesn't take everything out. Like after my last set of quads, I want that to be it. Because I don't want to have to like think to myself okay. I want to leave some juice of tank for this next one. And if I've got a full on hamstring workout afterwards then that subconscious voice telling you, okay well you still got hamstrings and inches of work. So eventually I think I've come to the conclusion like days are just meant to be fucking hard. No way to get around. But that's cool. That's what gives to the its value you know. It was easy. It really, it was quite good. Beware. Wow. We do not take these yons for lack of enthusiasm. Let's give me a second to read just to regular day schedule. But either way I can say with certainty that before the top of the next hour. Actually the top of the next hour would be in one. One minute right. But at the time I roll up it shouldn't take me more than about an hour or a half to completely finish legs. And even then that's given me a little bit of extra time. Because when I'm guiding down, I'm not doing it. It's saying the huge set to like press where I need six minutes in between sets to recover. You know, it can be pretty moderate with it you know. So I think this should only be more like an hour. But I can go back and look at like the times that the first set I hit record. And then the last one when I got actually seen just really hell on. Did this lift take you know I don't have to just keep a watch on there. A time or a go on there and everything goes like that. But I can say with certainty there will be some extra veins in a pumpage in the lower body. I like to switch. We'll just have to switch for the pump check to see what extent actually. Actually a curve. But no more gentlemen. That would just make this really like they get started. So movement number one. Not that freaking heavy honestly combined with the fact that this stack is just insane. Like a feeling I could do this stack full stack single leg would be a look up as Instagram gym damn. Probably the crazy hamstrings. And I think in the world would be a pretty app description. But either way I don't even have to stack. I don't even. I don't even do a quarter of the stack. I'm doing what is that? 15% 25 pounds single leg burnout style slow controlled with a momentary squeeze on top. That's the plan here. And then you know next my piece of heavier RDLs are laying curls. But this is a good start. Because it's a light. I don't have to take a while to really warm up. There's no danger like physically. And then also it's just like again. Good opener. That's the best way I can figure this out. So left side first. And then we can go from there. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Let's see one more same weight. And then I got to have it. I do in curls back to back like seated and then laying, laying and then whatever. Let's do Artiels first. So standing curls, Artiels, finish with laying curls. And then move on to whatever movement number one for quarts ends up being. That's the game plan. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Let's see some dumbbell already. I'll next. 85 should be just about the sweet spot. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Oh, goodness. One more than I'm saying. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. It'll be it for hands. No. No. No. No. No. Let's start some like extensions. Let's start with five reps on the left. Five on the right. Five on the right. Five on the right. Again, Very similar to the benefit of starting with the single leg standing curl. I don't have to go monstrously heavy on this to make it a good opening set. And I give the benefit from getting my quads completely warmed. Meas everything else. So when I move on to a press next. I'll be ready to go because if I were to jump straight to a press on the first set. I would still want to send it like extension anyway and get warmed up. So I want to feel like while I'm here, I may as well just get quads started anyway. And you know, very contrary to what I used to think. I don't lose that much strength. You know, I'm sure my like one rep ability will decrease after T set the leg extensions. But in working set ranges. I mean, really I just feel fresh. You know, even when I'm going extra crazy heavy like doing a couple sets of leg extensions to value your first. Maybe it just doesn't hit the same fibers or in the same layer or something, but I feel just as thick and strong. And twice if not like three times as warm. I mean, it's a pretty even fucking balance. So let's get to start in these. We can't have nasty. I don't need these to be super slow and controlled. I can say that for later than the lift when I won't be able to go as heavy. Shit. Alright. I want that chip. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think one or two more just like that. And then move on. What to? I said the price for both of us. Whatever I think will feel the best. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One more. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Let's go press something. Alright. I'm going to have some restraint and just six or four plate squats here. I think I want to try some sets of 10. So 10 reps with this like quick reps. They're going to be hard. But almost similar style to the leg extensions like those weren't two absolute failure. Okay. I can still probably bust out some extra partials. So I'm going to see how I share with just some lower, well, it's not lower volume because instead of just doing one crazy set, I'm planning for more like at least two maybe three-ish slightly longer sets. So the work loads a little more even. Because if I try to smack around five plates or anything heavier for like eight, and then hit complete failure, I'm going to tweak my shit, man. I'm not going to say the dieting down sucks. And it's not because of the difficulty of dieting. It's because I'm fucking pulling back on the gas in the train. But that's just the nature of it. Right? Everything comes in and out, getting in the air, abs and flows. I'm just going to be a clean, get ready for this. Yeah. Yeah. Mmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, a few more dollars sets. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, shit. What am I going to do? Oh, shit. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Holy crap. I can't see the whole thing on the screen. That one's a good, freaking three. It's quite heavy enough that it's hard, but not so heavy that I feel like I pulled anything or I'm going to feel it in the morning in a bad way. 45-year-old, but dining down, I mean, I am trying to reduce my injury frequency, which I have gotten better at, you know, it's going to take a little while for me to lose the ego-lifter chocolate melt-grinker cinnamon toast crunch eater sort of, uh, I've got, but no, I am improving, like, even my thought process about how I'm going to go about this next bulletin phase, much different, and it's not only like trying to fit the box of like, how should you body build that like I'm here and from everybody else, not to say that everyone's wrong or anything like that, like I've gotten so much like denser information from having like the outreach and the response that I've gotten now, but it's more so just if you're looking at your own results and then like, if you try a new shit long enough, you notice this works, this doesn't, and then you start picking all the shit that works, and losing all the shit that doesn't, then you know, you can put two guys and you completely separate room or completely separate fucking world, and if they both have the same goal, you know, let's say Musa Billy, they're probably going to come to the similar conclusions over time, right? I mean, it's, uh, it's like funny enough, there definitely is a science student where some stuff is objectively going to help you improve at a faster rate, and then some stuff might seem like it, but you're really just, you know, you're peddling with that movement, so that's where, um, extras, I mean, I'm always extra excited about this shit, every bulking phase I get smarter about it, every dieting phase I get more diligent with it, because I got to be bigger and like, or I don't have to be bigger, I physically am bigger, and it takes, it's like a bit trickier to back off on the calories, it's like, over time, all these little things are starting to improve, and I'm getting really excited just, like, I'm getting so fucking mad on myself here. Let's just focus on this last finish, you're set, and we can talk about this after going to the post on. 5555 in a slow, squeezing fashion in the beginning, and then I'll translate that, they're all switch over to some more factors to bendler. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's enough. Let's go find some airspace. That was good. Hamstrings obliterated, quads highly stimulated. I would not say obliterated. And then now let's just see humpwise what's fucking resulted. And even just stand in here like if somebody gave me a behind the knee push, I would probably crumple. And that's I'm not asking for it either. But let's let's see how they look. So this would be, yeah, I mean ship. This is just fully pumped. So let's just pop one pat leg out. So veins are beginning to freaking up here. Slowly but surely. Let's up the zoom and you touch. And there we go. Oh, for ready this far. Yeah, perfect. Oh my gosh. Oh, that breath will just make me fucking lightheaded. But yeah, man. Okay. So you're now we're cooking with gas. Especially this left quad. That is some detail which will only get more and more like an interesting. The leaner have become. And there's some on the right side. But it looks like the left is a little bit more spoiled with veins and feathering. My right quad's a little bigger up in this top quadrant, which I think is to do with with the diving background. Because every time I, I've said this a couple times, every time you go to do an approach for diving. And this is for years on end. A little step, a little step, a little step, a little step. And then a big jump all on this leg. So it got a little more pressing development when I was younger. But let's zoom back in and get a few more. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Even just fucking standing up and saving me going. Let's see how they look back here. Oh, oh, here. Well, I've directed how that we, I know we pop a squat and discuss it. So I would say that was a good lift. Kind of a basic, a post-lift chat. Like I'm managing it if I can soccer game and coaches like good game guys. And that was the end of it. I mean, that's one I'm fucking aiming for. Like as detailed as I could get into it and like I could have a tracking app where it's like, okay, make sure you get three mezzo repsets and three of your heaviest pressing and RPE12. And then four back offsets of 10 reps and reserve, like, you know, for some guys, if that clicks for you, like if you're looking at these lifts in a very, like objective numerical approach, gets you going, makes you train harder. Then do that, obviously. I'm not saying, I mean, that whole show is talking about over there on the last, um, instead of leg extension, so like you got all this shit at your disposal. Use it in such a way that you can improve the gains and the training that you do. Then whatever fucking method you come up with that ends up working for you, if it's working, that's the fucking truth in the pudding. What you're doing is good. But what I'm trying to get at is if a real like detailed approach like that is what gets your fucking engines firing. Do it. But for me, at least, you know, you know, I don't really like having a, like it never gets me, like excited to have a just training log recording all the sets numbers I do, which in a way I do, because I got all these videos I can look back on. But that's more just for like, how did I look back then? How was I training back then? Like, I'm not looking at it at a set by set basis. Because for me, my approach is always okay. Every muscle groups workout has a couple different ways to go about it. Quads, leg extensions, pressing, sometimes leg pressing versus like squatting. That's a little too factors split there. That's basically it. Hamstrings, artyos, and leg curls. They get a little activation on your pressing during quads, but that's all there is to it. So in my mind, it's like, okay, I'm doing quads, I'm doing hamstring. I want to hit them in those two ways or have any ways I have available back. You have pull down, throws, pull overs, and sometimes some variations in between chest pressing flies. So it's like I can net it down to these few staple kinds of movements. And then I just make sure I do some of each go hard, you know, do some heavy ones, do some light ones, do some fast ones, do some slow ones. And as long as the effort and intensity was there, and I'm pumped and fatigue at the end of it, then for my perspective, I'm going to say good set, go home, feel good. I know when I sit down in the car and fucking like cool down and like scroll my phone for a second. I'm going to feel pretty satisfied. Mainly from those sets of Smith squats, those were really good. At least I can feel cool. And then, you know, I get to go home, he's on front and no, that the training I did today is going to count towards my overarching goals and I'm working on it. So it takes a minute to get that feedback because if you've never lifted before, you have to do a training routine with no results until those results start to, you know, make themselves apparent to you. And then it's simply trial and error, you know, because nobody has your exact routine. Nobody has your body. Nobody has your food preferences or like, well, genetic, I mean, nobody has your genetics specifically. That's the whole point of them, right? Every dude is completely fucking different. So, you know, don't feel like he have to fall directly into this cookie cutter approach that everybody else does. And half the time you do that anyway, you're going to get the results that everybody else gets, you know? So, right, don't feel fucking spooked to do something that not anybody else is really doing purely because you're like, oh, I want to, I want to, what they're going to fucking think if I do, if I make any noise on this set or if I do, I set a 60 squats to do. You are in your own fucking world and everybody else is in theirs, right? So which one do you think is going to be most important for you to take fucking control of? But I'm, if I did a blood sugar test right now, I bet I'm running a little low. I haven't done that lift with no intercarb or anything else. So now I feel like I'm just starting to fucking ramble. But either way, sweet lift, veins out the wazoo. Let's get in the car and head back to the crib. I feel really good about today's like day. Now, this is most certainly an all's well that ends well situation. But I didn't, I didn't reference it before because, you know, word of mouth is very powerful, right? Like, do you think something to yourself a little bit, you know, whatever? But if you say shit out loud to yourself, it just becomes the fucking truth, you know? So once I parked it, I was sitting on the pre-workout and sitting kind of screw on my phone for a little bit, just getting distracted. I almost, almost freaking fell asleep at the car. Like, I was a little tired from today with everything else. But that's half of the reason why I was so giddy at the end, or quads, well at the end of the lift, but at the end of quads specifically, because complete 180, like once hamstrings was moving, I was basically into it. And then those sets of Smith machine squads really got me excited, because it just, it gets me going to do the squads. Like, I feel, um, I feel like I'm missing out when I don't. So I think that's where I got to be a bit smarter about not going too crazy, heavy with them, and doing like that tonight, where it was like a moderate weight, not pushing it to the absolute extreme, because, I think, fuck man, how am I expected to do the same workouts and recovery the exact same way? Now I'm like 20, like load 2000 calories compared to, like, you know, more than double literally like 5,000 from months ago. I'm starting to get it a little bit more goodness, but yeah, that was a good, that was a good flip-brain. The music I was playing was getting me going to, I love, um, crap what's this name? I don't want to say it wrong, so I'll just say what it was. And get a look it up, it's like, it's called an epic concept album. It's like all, uh, it's kind of Greek mythology, yes, can whatever, like, sort of, uh, it just musical kind of song style shit, but it's like tells a story too, which that's half the reason why I like some specific songs, for specific sets, like whenever I do a crazy set of squats, I would always, like, there's like this attack on Titan edit that I like playing in my mind, or, well, not in my mind, I'm playing it on my phone, but it's one that I like picks specifically, because it really gets me going, I'm like, you know, some dragon ball shed, or, like, some rock lead music, and it's not just because, like, it's from a high band of the edit, that's, that's, that's, that's going. It's like the music is hitting me on multiple different levels of excitement, because it's like a cool song. It's got, oh, you know, I got it playing loud, and then it's also, like, bringing back the story about whatever it's talking about, you know, like some rock lead training, some dragon ball style shit, like, those songs, I think, play into the training so well, because now you're like, envisioning yourself as a fictional, not envisioning yourself as them, but like, you know, taking this hype from this fictional kind of story and bringing it into reality, you know, which some guys that might sound like crazy fucking corny, but if I got a badass, like, goku song, edit plan, and he's about to go super Saiyan 3, and I got, like, damn, you're 500 pounds in my back. That gets me pretty excited, you know, and I don't mean, like, or bitterly, like, oh, this is going to be fun. I mean, like, heart pumping, like, you get this sort of, I mean, there's no better word than excitement than, like, hype about your lifts, which totally separates you from somebody who's working at completely calm, you know? I mean, I see guys, there's some guys when they're doing their sets, like, they make a thing out of it, they never, they don't make it face at all, like, they're almost like, well, if you guys are making, why are you guys making faces? I can still train hard and not make a face, like, I mean, you might be right, I'm not saying these guys aren't going hard or anything, but it's like, I want to be excited about these sets. On a set by set basis, I don't want to be sitting here, like, you know, talking to the guy I'm next to, during a working set, like, that's when I want to be really, like, in the zone, you know? Like, I couldn't care less about having my music playing in between, like, between sets. I don't mind some chatting, you know? I could sit in, like, just be, like, totally goofing, whatever, but those 10, 20 seconds before set of squats, before set or whatever, like, that's a couple big breaths. I got whatever song I got planned. Okay. Kind of center my mind, like, I'm not even, I didn't, like, before some of those sets of squats, I don't think I was really thinking about anything specific. I was just like, okay. Grab the bar, give it like a shake, like, that just gets me fucking going, man. So less than learn for me, still squat, but back off on the weight. Still squat, but none of this six plate mumbo jumbo. Alright, let's be a bit more considerate to my lower body's health. And really what I mean by that is, like, if I go too heavy on the pressing, sometimes I, uh, I'm not even sometimes, like, literally recently, I'm doing some heavy leg press. And of course, this is, like, heavy leg days, row, row, row, like, back to back to the point where, like, I could tell, like, I could pull something in my upper quadra and a little. And when I say pull, I don't mean, like, a big, like, tail. Just like a minor, a little thing. But enough where, like, I could still feel the next leg day, and even maybe attach the day after that, where it's like, it's enough where I got to take action, or, I guess you could say, inaction to prevent it from going any further. So that's my, that's the line I made before, right? Because obviously, you're putting yourself at risk of injury. Every time you come to the gym, you know? Some guys, perfect form, perfect everything. They're doing a normal weight that they can do. And for whatever reason boom, pectair, like we rare, usually there are warning signs, but you never fucking know, man. So to an extent, I do think, okay, well, if you don't want to have a risk in her, then don't come to the gym, right? But there is a balance where you look at somebody like fuck. That's the same weight that guys been doing for months. He's totally fine with that. That should not have happened. Whoops. And that's maybe, honestly, that's maybe 1% of the time. That there's no real, like, cause, it's just random accident. Usually, and by usually, I mean, 90, some to percent of the time, it's I'm going to heavy. I'm under recovered. I wouldn't say over trained. I would usually say under recovered. Didn't get enough water. The hydrated, warmed up too fast. Didn't actually get a good amount of, like, I guess you could just say, activation before, whatever that working set was. And then they tried to jump the gun with a weight. Or did these reps with a heavy weight way too fast? And I say, they, that's a pretty exact example for me. I mean, I just pulled my chest a while ago, doing, like, four plates on Smith. I felt crazy strong, but I was doing them, like, like, I basically, like, dropped it for the top of my car to the bottom. Like, it's totally fucking 80. So, that's the thing, okay, that's, I'm putting myself in harm's way. So, you've got a back off from there, but I still want to train hard enough, where I'm in this green zone of intensity and stimulus. So, I'm, I'm getting the better gauge for that. Usually I call that the lifter sense, right? I say, it's like, okay, this is, this is a good set. Everything is in order. I'm warm, I'm fresh, I'm rested. This is good. I can go all out without worrying about, much of anything, right? And then, if any of those sort of prep steps are off, then that's usually one of a little bit of an alarm system will go off, where I'm like, okay, my knees feel way more tender than they usually would on this set of like extensions, what a warming up. And if they did, then that would have been my cue. No squats at all today, just stick with like, like extensions. You know, don't put myself in harm's way. So, it's, it's a hard thing to say, right? I mean, I'm, I'm guilty of it, too. It took me a little while to get it, and I'm still working on getting it. But it's, it's hard to say, you don't have to lift that heavy. So, the guy who's like, you know, really obsessed with getting bigger and getting stronger, but there is value to both sides. Obviously, you got to push it hard enough where you're giving yourself new stimulus to grow from, but you can't overdo it to the point where you're going to fuck yourself up. And instead of, you know, making progress forward, you're taking two steps back, three steps back, or, I mean, worst case scenario, you had some crazy catastrophic. I don't even want to think about it. Then you could really screw yourself up. So, there's like, there's a balance to, you know, and a lot of it's just like, common sense, but I'd say even more of it just kind of comes to training experience, you know. You're not going to, what's the phrase, and I'm going to make a mom of that break in a few eggs? It seems kind of stupid, right? Obviously, you have to break them to make it. What's, well, you give them, I'm saying there. But, yeah, highlighted point of that lift was, even if you feel a little bit off on the way in, once you catch a free workout in your system, once you've got some warm ups that started, and once you, once you get your music playing, at least for me. That gives me a good, good, good, good. I can have a good ass lift that I can feel extra good about afterward. Because now it's not only I had a good lift, but I had a good lift where I went into it, not really feel in the best, you know. Didn't I have a rattlesnake bend over blood walking into the gym today, but I definitely did when I left. And that cow voyage analogy is mainly because of like three seasons deep in the yellowstone now. You guys were right in the comments that I was watching, land man, and if somebody said that the same guys, when we yell at stone made land man, then we got me a little curious. But either way, I needed to go home as top plats were there. I feel like a winner. I could eat a big old bowl of ground beef with some probably just some barbecue sauce. I've been doing these bowls where it's like ketchup mustard, low fat mayonnaise, relish. So I mean, once you chew on it, you may as well be the hamburger, but I'm going to see no bun, but I think I'll just do a big bowl of ground beef. Barbecue sauce, some kind of carb, at least as many as I, goodness, as many as I've got room for, and then I get to have a good night's rest. So just in a mile, hopefully chess will reflect the same amount of vain improvements that legs had to night compared to last night. So I guess we will have to see. And then another another thing I kind of didn't really reference. I had a rest day yesterday. Matt, anti-freaking resting. Half of that was just because we were, you know, me and Mark were traveling. So it kind of, it would have been a 10 o'clock lift, I'm like, not the best sleep. So really, like I was saying, second ago, the preparation steps were off. Usually, cue to back off. But still, I think some rest days are going to have to be implemented a little bit more, especially as I get a bit steeper into this diet. But I think it's not so, well, actually, I guess, I was about to say it's not so much your over training, but you're under-recovering. But really getting down lean-wise, like near, basically getting into trep, level lean. Like, over training. It's a little bit of an aspect I'm going to have to get to it. So, not going to, obviously, I got to approach this time frame of lifting a little differently. Then I usually would, like, a bad-ass, bulking phase. And, well, not that I'm too worried about anything, but it's definitely definitely a different challenge than what I'm used to. But that's the cool part. It makes an interesting thing. So, you guys all I got. I'm excited for some chest tomorrow. And then, I have a sneaking suspicion. I'm going to sneak in suspicion that me and you are going to be in the grocery cart. Oh, yes, I'm not going to be in the grocery cart. You are. Sooner than you might think, sooner than you might expect. No promises, but we'll see. Because I got to, my cupboard, or my pantry, is running low. So, I will see you for guaranteed chest tomorrow. And potentially a little something else. But we'll just have to see that.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 65 - Chest - Few Months To Go [5GCbRrToGaE].txt ===

It's getting free and cold out here, man. Not so cold today, but the given take of it being... What's temperature is that outside? 48 extra wet, so it's like what's worse? Colder, dry or slightly warmer, you know, from rainy kind of whatever. I'm not to turn on these intros into a freaking weather forecast. Oh, yeah, not to turn into a weather forecast. So, playing for a day with chest, don't nuts in a controlled manner. Go crazy! Within reason, my plan for that is some kind of pressing, and I might even change up a little bit further and start with some cable pressing. I think a lot of something there. But I don't just have to see. I got a warm-up, give my roti-to-cuffs going, a little bit of back warm-up, chest, shoulders, triceps, forearms. Because, I mean, I got a lot of load that's being put through multiple chains of different systems. So chest has my longest warm-up. I'm not going to sit here and jump straight on like a leg curl, and then I'm ready. Like for hands, you know, chest is a little more methodical with that warm-up, we can't afford it. Which I've changed a few things to. I've been tucking my elbows in a little bit more. When I press, I used to bench like arms almost parallel. Like bar, not at like neck level, but a little bit below. That was my efforts to focus on my upper chest, which, I'm not saying that doesn't work per se. But so much torque in whatever kind of internal pressure on my roti-to-cuffs. I'd have a crunchy shoulder like every couple of months. I mean, that's just sucks. So that's just me being stupid with a training tweaking myself. But ever since I switched to pressing with my elbows a little further in, you know, not like a close grip bench or anything. But, you know, like a little bit more than normal, as well as a much more extensive roti-to-cuff warm-up phase. That my shoulders have been good, right? Not on the, you know, the fake canry wood, but so far, that extra warming-up phase for the roti-to-cuffs and, you know, whatever kind of internal muscles are in there. We're trying a little bit trickier to get moving just from regular pressing. That has been doing me good. That has been doing me quite freaking good. So, after some pressing, you know, just bounce around. There's, uh, yeah, I'll see. Maybe some Smith went to Marty fatigue. Some cable fly action at the end of it. It's really, I mean, I'm seeing this yesterday. I'm trying to hit a couple different, like, styles of movements. Heavy pressing, lighter squeezing pressing. Cable flies, some stretch focus flies, some squeeze focus flies. Yeah, and there's a couple other little variations in there as well, but it's not, uh, if I get most of those moving, then I'm really just concerned, making sure each set I go hard. I'm working towards getting a fucking pump. And at the end of it, it's good. There's not a, I don't feel the need to, like, track every weight and every set and everything else, because, you know, if you know you're pushing it at least close to as hard as you can on the regular, you know, most of your sets are actually going pretty hard. Then you're basically good, you know, like the idea of progressive overloaded is, okay, I did this weight last week for 10 reps. Now I want to do it for 11. Or now I want to do, like, like a slightly heavier weight for 10, and, you know, overload the sets intensity. But I really feel like if you're trying to gun it on the regular, then, for every set, at least most of the heavier ones, if you approach it with the mentality of, like, okay, I want to go as hard as I can on this set, and you actually do, then it's like you've got no choice but to progressively overload, because, you know, after you've gone through your recovery process from the last time you did it hard, it's like that, you should now be slightly more capable. You know, nothing crazy. You're never going to go from, like, two plates for 10, one day to 25 for 10 the next. But, if you push yourself into this, that's better said as zone probably more like the realm of hypertrophy. And then, you know, you get reasonable sleep, even that food, you get, uh, get your water in. Then odds are, once you're, you know, no longer sore three, four days of past, and you come back, you should be strong, all right? Because you took all the stimulation that last workout, you've now built yourself back up. You should be slightly ahead now versus that. And it's small, it's just momentary, uh, it's like little increments, but over time, they add up, and eventually you can add up pretty freaking huge. But that's, uh, that's the gist there, right? Instead of freaking out about making sure I hit specific numbers, I just want to know that my, like, effort and intensity level on a set by set basis, is at least here, right? There's no one's have to be 11, but at least, you know, that 90% 95% range, that's what I'm aiming for. And then I just got to be a little mindful, not to, you know, try to do four plates on smith, even if I feel kind of strong, just because I'm probably going to forget her but self. But no more talking, let's just make it just, just they happened. Let's get real here. Heavy, but not too heavy. Yeah. Yeah. I'll just want to put a slide on the left. Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I can't get that cold, I can't get that cold. Actually, that's not cool. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. I can't get that slide, that was too heavy. I like that side. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. I'm gonna take it off, crack. All right, see what's more. Do something cable related next. So this is a good little change up. Heavy tension focused set within client Smith. But even though it's still an incline press here on these cables, the hard part isn't the bottom. It's squeezing up at the top, you know, because it's, I mean, most of that's just the fact that these cables are pulling my hands apart from each other. So it's like, you know, if you were holding a, if you're holding a, if you're holding a fucking watermelon right here, you probably hold it for a little while. But if you put it further away from your fucking body, it's not only when you put it just drop it, but you're going to fill your chest, ease and fucking crazy hard. Is it's like the further you have to fucking reach the more force you got to exert all sorts of like tension and whatnot. That's why if you ever see anybody on the peck deck and they start like leaning forward into the thing and pull the arms inward. That's making it easier, right? It's harder to have your arms all the way out. Extended force, but no need for any more explanation. All you can try and do is squeeze the shid out of these set reps. Oh, come on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. All right. Let's actually not leave. Let's do one more set here, but not seated up bench slight variation. If you overall theme will be basically the same. This would be a little bit of a nastier just bent over pressing set. And you can't really force reps when you're sitting up against the seat, which is a good thing that is a benefit of doing that kind of movement. But sometimes the length difference is around. And what I mean by that is reaching a similar level of failure, but instead of just almost being forced to racket, you use a little bit of extra body language and get some more reps moving, which really just ends up boiling down to self assistance. Like you wouldn't call it cheating if you watched somebody have their like workout partner. Help pull the bar up and then make them ride the negative on like some assisted reps of like Smith machine or something. But suddenly we have a different perception where you reach failure on your own and then instead of being able to do a perfect rep, as you just can't do it, you muscle a little more and then you get to ride the negative. Now, you know, if your form becomes a greaseless, then that argument might hold a bit of water. But for the most part, I know that this set is going to give me closer towards my end goal of pumped out of the tea. So to make it happen and then move on to some stretch fly sort of based stuff. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's grab the wide cables. Yeah. Yeah. No. I'm clear. Yeah. All right. So this will be phase one. Just some standing right in front of the body flies. A little bit of upper chest focus and then drop the weight by like, f***ing half and do some more decline. So I'm changing my sort of like path from here. So now here. And at the flex position, I mean, I feel my whole chest pretty much like if you really push on a even a decline bench, your upper chest is going to be firing. But I just a different way to make sure I get blood into every single fiber I get f***ing available. So top side first, drop the weight and then go decline. Yeah. I'll make these little action normal. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Let's go post down here. Yeah. So chest more than freaking complete in one, two, three, four, five, six, seven sets. Honestly, basically about freaking right. You know, it doesn't take that much plus, I mean, seven sets is kind of the sweet spot, you know. And I've worked my way down from like 25. And one of the biggest changes is this, I feel like I don't do so much fluff work as I used to, as a beginner. So it's like if you're really getting after it, there's got to be a number where you've done this many sets and they've all like accumulated, let's say, pumpage, you know, there is an limit where like, okay, I'm fully pumped. Doing any more or doing much more at least is probably not in my best interest, but let's just stay concerned about the pump at hand here. And see how we're looking. Morning, weight, two, thirty, eight, again. But then I got to get back to like at home homey of stasis after a few days to really get a good idea of what I'm actually walking around at. But this pump is certainly something to freaking be whole. I mean, that's a new line. Feel like I haven't seen that thing before. Very cool for me. But let's run through some shit here. Oh my goodness. Honestly, volume wise, I feel way more freaking pumped than the last chest day. And more and more fibers are beginning to make themselves freaking apparent. I'd say fast forward two weeks. Uperage, that's the lower should be considerably fucking grainier. Now we're not going to see it for a little while because he's he's deep into a Balkan face right now. But there's this one guy. I'd say probably the king of fucking pet grains, Stefan. Something he's French. Absolutely nuts. But he's deep into a bulk right now. You're not going to see his fucking chest raise for a little while longer. But yeah, I mean, the linear I get, the more these are going to fucking start to show themselves. And honestly, I'd say chest fibers are probably the coolest out of all of them. But let's do a, it's getting the most musk in them and get out of here. Oh. Oh, goodness. Well, I'd call that a freaking success. So it's getting the car head back to the crib. And now you know what that was? That was a pretty damn good chest bump. Without exaggeration without hyperbole, without any goddamn resmotez. That was a solid as fucking pump. And now I could say, yepy, go home, eat something, and know that I'm on track for what my current goals are, AKA, get lean. Wow, keeping the most of already built up. Right? So that is good for me. One more day out of the belt. You know, it might not feel like, I mean, I'm the same dude tonight that I was this morning. But these lifts have a compounding effect that is only really apparent in the past. It's only really apparent after, you know, a couple hundred iterations. Because, you know, as a lifter, well, it's obviously as a beginner. You're going to be smarter than once you are. You know, once you're indoctrinated into being a full-fledged gym rat. But, you know, apart from the obvious thing, don't forget me. Every time you do something that makes you a little bit uncomfortable, odds are that it's just going to add up and add up and before you know it. Holy crap, man. How did you get that? Backfade, how did you get that bicep vein? How did you get those form? Whatever, you know, it's so. If you've got any, if you know anybody who's interested in jumping into the gym, come this new year's, which damn less than three weeks away, you know, 50, so it's at 49 or so, 49 and a half of the year already done. Goodness. I'm sure that's hitting some people like a smack in the face in terms of just how much time they just had access to. But, you know, if you know anybody like that, don't put, well, I guess I don't know what I would say to somebody just starting out. You know, stick to it. Right. Like nothing more than that. I think there's a million YouTube videos about like beginner workouts and all sorts of everything. The information's there. It's really just getting a hold of it, sticking to it, and then just sort of learning in your own. You know, like as much value as there is to the fact that there's like a million tutorials and everything else. That's just, that's just random information, you know, that's not a, it doesn't directly apply to you. Right. So again, I do what, you know, try some new shit. And then once you've gotten, don't mind. When do you think that hill is, you know, so, yeah, obviously, we're about to go to the gym. Obviously, we're about to watch an influx of gym yours. And the first week, two weeks might be pretty packed, and then eventually, some people are going to fall off right there. They're going to stop coming as much. So I think it's probably like a three week mark where, if you can get past that maybe three, four, five week consistency mark, odds are by then you probably built up enough of a habit, enough of a routine where you should be able to stick to it. And, you know, of course, if you look at all the statistics, it's not necessarily so, so motivating. Right. I mean, like, what's the percentage as a guy? So that actually stick to their fitness goals, new year's style. 20% 15 or something. But nothing's stopping you from being in that 15. Right. I mean, I, I hate the idea of like, it's all, it's these posts, where it's like only one person, the entire world could ever squat three, 15 or could ever bench 225 or 10. And it's like, yeah, sure, maybe whatever that percentage is, versus everybody else, it's just the nature of it. But if you look a bit deeper, the numbers explain themselves. You know, maybe 10% of the world is even trying, 5% of the world probably isn't taking that training that seriously. Another 4% are like, you know, maybe slack on the sleeve, diet, hydration. And then the 1% that do all of the things necessary, get whatever that end result is, you know. So it's not like, it can't just be explained away without, like, some people can do it and some people can. It's like, no, it's some people do what it takes. And then some people don't. And then that's what's reflected in those little statistics. So, all I'm trying to say there is try to put yourself in that minority group when it comes to, you know, any kind of a child. You know, any kind of achievement, especially fitness wise, because it's like, you freaking beat, say, what? 60, 70% of anybody else just by going at all. You know, like as much as I'm going to go hard and you know, talk about how you got to take all these sets to total failure and like really push and make sure that 90% threshold. Don't forget going from zero gym to just consistent gym. That is just as big of a jump as you go on from like relatively consistent kind of casual. I don't know how I'm in casualty about it. I think there's like activity based to work them out. So like really hard training. I'd say, honestly, the jump is probably actually smaller than to go from, you know, no routine to even just like a four day a week routine. And that kind of, that's kind of the case with a lot of things, right? The law of diminishing returns. So, fuck man. That first step you take is probably the biggest one. And then if you can just keep adding them on afterwards. Well, sky is the freakin limit. Or I guess you can say the bars, the limit, more likely to make it a little more sense. But playing for the postwork at meal, half a pound of ground beef. Some low sugar barbecue sauce. And then I'm going to try to go to bed, freakin early. I'm talking. I don't know what I'm talking about early. Nothing past 10 o'clock. I feel so much better when I'm on a good day routine of like a five or six a.m. wake up immediate cardio. You know, don't feel like there's any, just a better start I feel. But a little bit of a quick one today. Day 65, day 64. Not, these days are one and now. So I better make you two on a count. But I'm getting excited for the end of this dieting phase. And then for the bulking phase, which is to come afterward. But until then, I will see it's far for some back.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 66 - Back with Bad Audio [9BdQDQt5Afo].txt ===

Let me make sure this thing's in the fucking work. Yeah, we're good. I've been a while, and it's trying to phone the camera. It's crazy as it is to get all the things you shoot with the lens. Fast, accurate, even. S-log 3. If anybody needs anything to do. It's all diminishing, flipping the turns. It's kind of bad. It's kind of like we got a thin video camera right there. You can't even talk. So that's something I've gotten a bit more than understanding about, like as time has passed. I mean, because now I've got a pretty solid history of, I mean, you can almost say just like self-documentary work. You know, it's like I got a, I got this thing I'm doing. You know, I want to be able to record it, look back on it, kind of showed off in a way. So, a hard-zard. I mean, not even on it's hard. There are definitely some fucking freaks out there. The bodybuilding scene. And not even just that, but just like regular fucking life where, you know, somebody might have a crazy ass, like gun arsenal, or they're like insane, like hobbyists and some kind of detail, whatever. There's a lot of issues out there. So if you know somebody's got a little bit of something that they might have a bit of a screw loose about. On it's hard. It's actually kind of what, what, what's the kind of that shit? So, it's something to keep in mind. It can come in years. That's, that's something that I love seeing. Because I mean, I go through so many different radicals. I think I've got a good mix of like, I don't know, to get the scriptural people going to be good at it. Millions of leads to whatever else from like, got, what is that? Tony, the machinist. I don't know, something, just like all sorts of everything. This video's going to show out where people got a make-up. So if you know somebody's just a guy, you can't expert that's whatever. Maybe it's out there. It's not post-comed stuff. It's been a while since I've heard of it. I never posted anything for a fucking year. I don't know what's going to happen. I've been anti-influenced for five. What do you have to try to put it to you? One, I just wanted to just put it to you. So again. I think a year before I started posting anything, if you would've told me I was going to be posting all the time, I would've put it to you. But probably freaking out of that. It's not so much. So I'm playing for two minutes. I'm playing for two minutes. I'm playing for two minutes. I guess you could say today's lift. It's like two-third from shit. Back. Pull down, grows, pull over. That's basically just a little bit of a combination. I've got a couple movements for it. Like, I've got a lot of focus. Like pull down, stretch, and then I leave back into more of a growing piece. But for the most part, that's it. Like arms, you got extensions. Overhead and regular, I guess I could say Skull crushers are kind of a bit between. And then you got curls. Showing you to get side laterals. Front raises, front press, and then rear delwork. Chest, pressing, and flies. Quads, pressing, and leg extensions. And strength. Playing curls, see the curls, already else. The actor can cheat. The hips thrust if you're into that. And that's basically it. So it's like every muscle group. As much as there is like an insane arsenal of different movements you can take from exercise execution styles. It's like, yeah, all you're doing is you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, hammer straight press, and then press, and then press. Same arsenal here. Like a regular smith press, and like a cable press. It's, you know, it's at a different angle, but it's all just this. I mean, if you look at somehow analyze the, uh, your muscle activation, like all that electric, the pulse pads, and everything else. There's going to be a minor difference. Like, I'm sure, uh, that would be something I'm interested in. Like, like, exercise scientists try to guess what movements were, you know, being done by somebody just by the grass, of like contractions. Because on something like a chess press, you're going to be seeing the most Satan's fired at the bottom. Or it's the heaviest of the hardest. And then those things should start to fail a little bit at the time, because this is the resting position. And some, uh, some machine presses are almost the opposite words. Lighter at the bottom. And if you're heavier, you're heavier at the top. So another social, I'm not trying to say, if there's no value at all, you're changing them. Obviously, we're doing something that's, uh, that's something to be discussed with a bunch. But there's no need to overclock in the evening. So a lot of stuff, the answer lies somewhere in between. I probably wouldn't recommend that you call the ever-to-flat-mechanity, and the peck-deck machine. But I also probably wouldn't think that you should do ten different movements every chance of it. So that's where I like break it down into the four components of just what movements can you do for that muscle. Stick to it. And then, you know, plug in an out certain versions. So maybe I don't feel like doing regular lot of pull-outs. There's some single-up pull-outs. Maybe I don't feel like doing, uh, a pull-over machine, or where I just don't have a pull-over machine, but you know, you're a single arm, you can't go pull-overs. Or maybe barbar rows, or not even maybe. I don't want to do barbar growth treatment. Because I don't want to over-stress my lower back and my pull-out to my hand strength. You can have a better barbar row. This, you can't show up in some good, flat, trap, back activation. But I'm also loading my entire posterior root chain. So, stimulus to fatigue ratio. It's not there, all right. I'm trying to work my lads on my traps. I don't need my pull-out. My lower back and my director is my hand strength. I just hold myself up in a pen position. I don't need them drawing the way any energy. So, for the most part, I only need towards it to make some chest supported rows, or a more seated cable rows. But even though you do support yourself with your feet on the head, it's not the same as with a barbar when you're painting a bento. And I guess half of that is because I don't have to hold up my body weight. Because I'm sitting sideways, it's not like bento for a minute. But what I'm hitting at is for back, I want to pump my entire back up. Maybe go easy on lads if like I can still feel there a little sore from the last back day. For the most part, it's like, okay, I want my lads pumped. My traps pumped, and I want to do it. The only ways I know how rows pull down is pull over. So, if that's all I've got on my disposal, then maybe I'll start two sets of rows. I'm going to do a few sets of pull-outs. One more set of rows, and then like I said, pull over to the end, just to kind of finish it off. Or maybe do that in the complete opposite manner. Start with some light squeezing pull-outs, and then move on to some, you know, some rowing action, and then finish with burnout sets of, or pull over some empty end, and then finish with a burnout set of, like pull-outs. Like there's, there's some way different ways to go about it. And I really hope that that doesn't seem like, like, all of your so many ways to do it. I don't know which one I should do. It's like, dude, it's, it's going to be fine either way. I, um, so like the, what I was getting at, how I wouldn't recommend you only did like two movements, every lift, the exact same movement. You know, it's probably not ideal. You're physically only stimulating yourself in the same way every time. But it would still work. I mean, if you see somebody who only trains, like heavy, flat, bench, squat, and deadlift, like a power lifter, you know, of course they've got their accessory work too. But those are their main lifts. Guess what? These guys still fucking make dates, you know? So it's almost half like, changing it up for the sake of more stimulus. But there is a totally balanced half of that equation where it's like, just changing it up because changing it up is fun. And you're going to enjoy it more, and you're not going to bored. Like, that's the last thing I ever want to hear when somebody's talking about training or I see, you know, I see some comments talking about it. And the guys like, I'm just getting really bored of this work, gets split. I, uh, I want to change, like, it just doesn't make a beautiful form. I've never really ran into that. And maybe that's just me being able to get a nice case about it or something. But like, I, uh, even, like I said, I never really did push full legs. I was always more like, legs, chested back arms, and I was just repeat that. Now I do legs just back arms, shoulders and there sporadically. But I don't think I really ever got to a point where I was like bored of the workouts. Because every workout was always a little bit different from the last one. You know, so I think half of the motivation for guys to think like, okay, I think that you can change it by workout and stuff. These workouts are getting real bored and repetitive. I might be more inclined to think, well, are your workouts repetitive? Are you doing the exact same stuff? You know, like, just because it worked for the last few months, doesn't mean that you only have to do heavy pressing first for chest, and then save flies for the end. You know, I've been victim to that for a while. Like, I, uh, my mind, I'm like, well, I want to press as much weight as I can when I'm fresh. So I should do my pressing first. Which usually, you know, I still do. But, you know, if I feel like it, maybe I'll change it up, do some lighter, squeeze the flies first, acting almost more as a primer, and then move on to heavy pressing later, which, I mean, I guess I haven't really asked around enough about it, but I haven't noticed, like, it's seen straight-plus after doing like two sets of pet deck, and then two sets of being applied press, maybe a little bit on the back of the ear, like your endurance of the reps, that you might get 10 and set of 12. But you're already on your way to eat fully pumped, and you get the benefit of like pre-exhaust and pressing. So that's where I guess my main point of this little card's out now. Like, trying to change it up. You have not even like, don't be afraid to change it up, like, just period, change it up. Maybe do an arm day where you're super set, everything. Try set, buy, set, try set, buy, subset. You know, don't be concerned with like, making sure the workout's absolute perfect, because when you try new shit, you're basically experimenting. So, you know, control, you can control, and then see what happens with the rest of it. So if you've never done like a super set of the arm day, and you want to see what it's like, alright, tell yourself, like, I'm going to do it. I'm going to make sure in the sense, like, go hard, and then see what happens. And I think that's, that's kind of a tricky point, because there's the sense of like, okay, well, I don't really know what I'm doing, because this is new, I haven't been going to try this before. It's like, you know, if you're afraid to do it, you've never done that you've never been getting any more of the tube, have never been, right? So, of course, case scenario. Yeah, what the hell are you guys talking about? Super set in arm workouts. I'm sticking to straight triceps and straight biceps. You guys are nuts. Best case scenario. That was the craziest arm day in my life. I'm throwing that super set workout into my rotation. That was awesome. You can't go wrong, right? You either get a new, you either get a new workout that you want to try again, or you just learn one that you don't like. And now the pool that you've got to try shit from has just gotten one workout small and then you can try some new shit. So, that's where I think, you know, I really hate to see the clips where guys just straight up record somebody else in the gym. Do you want to set, like, now not only are you just nuts, like, with the fuck. But it's just instilling this like peer pressure, okay? I need to make sure I do everything perfectly so that when I do this set of curls, you know, all the guys next to me think I know what I'm doing. Whatever, right? I mean, if I always do in a really funky set of something, like maybe I'm doing something with a half swinging, like single arm cable press, with like a fly negative or out of no. Just something. I'm like doing assisted reps or I'm holding my other hand, like that, you know, sure it might look kind of funky. But if I can feel my chest firing like crazy, and I'm getting pumped, and I'm getting fatigued, and I can tell that like, I'm just going hard in this shit's working. Then, you know, who cares what it looks like, right? So it's almost day, the ends justify the means. So, you really have to, like, you just had an roadblock to your training. If you're not only worried about like trying to make sure you do shit, which works, but also, I don't want to venture out of my comfort zone, because then, you know, the guy next me is going to like whatever. And don't worry about that. Nobody's, I've never really seen anybody do that much, but if they do, that's something that's just fucking stupid. But either way, I'm a little bit of a longer rain here, but let's just get this back and start it. No. Yeah. Yeah. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Yeah. Yeah. Nice. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Forget the chip of my gun for that one. But I was saying, like, as much value as there is in the set, where it's a two-seven control concentric, but one and a half-seven pole, and a four-second in the center, I'll completely perfect for that. That set, behind all ready, you'll noticeably more points after just one thing. So it's not like, and I think the idea of either clicking it back on the end, it's strange when the set is looking for more to ball. It's a clunky mess. You know, you're not going to approach every muscle group, even close to the same length. You know, you're really training your side belts with the same length, four celebrities that you do for having pressing the clots. That's exactly. And then even more detail, like, this specific fibers, and every other like ratio of chip from your island and the way I defast it, slow twitch of like your cast or something like that. There's a lot of room for not error, but like, very ability to put it. So, I think a good balance for every heavy nasty set, have a clean and bold feeling here, and not to a good and evil man. I don't think about it. Good more here. Same way, same everything here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, I have got some words to say about that lift. For one thing, very good. And honestly, the prep was like whatever. Like I was hydrated, the definitely drinking of water. Part of that came from a power aid zero. I got to the gas station when I was filling up. But still, electrolytes, fluids, but even like just half an hour ago, my stomach was kind of fucking weird. I didn't even even think strange, I don't know. But, you know, you're not even waking. Good amount of sleep, hydrated, free workout, reasonable, hif. The gym is a little more dead today. I wonder if that got going in a little extra. I can't a like a dead gym, but like it comes in waves. You know, I like it to be packed and energized for a while. And then it mentions, I go, okay, this is too much. I want to like a dead gym. And then after it's death, I want to be a kid. Well, people, you know, but it's, well, I'm going to get that here. But overall, really good. And the hype was there. Something I think I just picked a good first movement, honestly. Because that first set of sing-along pull-dance really did it for me. And like I'm not joking. If I did that back day, only slow, perfectly controlled reps. I don't think it would have been as good. Now, not like objectively in every scenario. But for me specifically, on this specific day, I think that was as close to as good as a pump. As I could have got, you know, now insert anybody with it like, well, if you trained in my style, you would have had a way better fucking pump. Yeah, how about you do your way and all of the over what I've kind of begun to think is a good method for me specifically. And I'm not open to, or not, I am open to the audience of course. But I've got like, lift up on, lift up on, lift up on, lift up information. Tell me, this works, this gives me fucking pump. So I mean, that's pretty fucking useful. Right? I mean, your actual own data should super seed anybody else is just not random. But like, in some cases, random thoughts. But let's, I'm losing my pump as we speak. Let's go through a couple shots here. Oh, here's it. Oh, oh. Oh, and crap. It's fucking hard to pose with a pump. Not only am I already had a breath, but like pulling my lads out. And then traveling, stretching, opening like that. While they're pumped, it's like, if I can find against myself. There's a few more. Holding crap. Chairs of veins with no chest pump. Yeah, no. Now we're getting somewhere. Let's see, we'll breath hold with that one. Oh, my gosh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, okay. That's easy, isn't it? Jay's not freaking wrong. But, competition wise, I'm not going to be posing right after a full-on back pump. So, really, I got to get posing done at its own specific portion of my training. Outside cardio and outside the lift. So, I got to have a third freaking session. Starting to get, starting to get serious, kind of you know. Let's do a, let's do one more victory pose. Oh, my gosh. Well, that is all. Pumps. Sweaty at a breath. And I am ready to go eat something. What that meal will be. I'm ready to go eat something. What that meal will be. I'm ready to go eat something. What that meal will be. How to say, strong potential for can chicken with mustard dough. It will start for you locking the shitting and cooking. But, it's got to get up. There we go. Microphone. We are good. Speaking of that, if you ever curious about the post and you're going to be saying something, audio beats video. Right. Your phone camera, but with reasonably clear speech, you are cool. You are cool. But just a little technical tip when I put my videoger for hat on. But that's off now. So back. That was good. That was extra good. And I am sure as I get leaner into this next month, I might begin to think otherwise. But honestly, I've reached a point of size, I think. Or I almost prefer how I look unpumped when I'm posing. What I mean by that is, not chest. Chest I definitely just need to come up with that. So of course, I ain't gonna like it more when it's pumped. But, you know, it quads in like, maybe not so much strides, that's really. Quads and hamstrings and back at least when they're fully pumped. And I'm doing a little pose down in the mirror and everything. They lose some of the definition. Like, me doing some back poses in the mirror, unpumped. I can see much more fibers kind of creepin through my, just creepin through because when you get pumped up, you can't like it flayed it. So it's like if you had a textured balloon or something, and like it had a little bit of like some kind of something on it, and you blew it up like twice as much as it was supposed to. No matter what shape it was before, it's just gonna blow up through your round. You know, same shits kind of truths your muscle fibers, right? I mean, you know, you can get some crazy grainy looking quads and, you know, packs and everything else. So like, there was that Christmas tree where you lats insert into your erectors and you lower back. But when they get extra pumped up, sometimes you're kind of, it's a little bit of a given take of the size and the detail, which, not a bad thing. It's what cool to have a white ass like the lady lats spread. But, you know, it's also cool to do the morning post-dance as well. So, I already start to, so I already start. Mmm, but, yeah, that was a good one. And that was a, yeah, I mean, you know, I couldn't explain it for saying, just something about the real hard squeeze and just burning out constantly kind of tension. Like those sets felt sweet. Like those sets of cable pull downs, those were working for. And getting back to what I was saying on the way here, it's like, well, you got to, you need to completely straighten your arm and hold it for a second. Or else it's not a good set. It's like, you guys are, I can spread misinformation, you know? I mean, don't, as awesome as all the social media is in terms of getting everybody connected and sharing ideas and shit. Like, when you think the ratio is of good quality information, versus like random or irritated just junk. Because that ratio is in this favor, smaller versus bigger. So you kind of have to do a little bit of internal deciphering, right? Because we just listen to whatever you saw on some post about working out. You'd be doing this stupid shit ever, right? But if you scan around all the fitness videos and everything else and you say, okay, this makes legitimate sense to me. I can comprehend it in my mind. Yeah, I probably should be training a bit harder on these sets because if I don't, I might not begin myself enough stimulus to induce growth. Okay. Well, that makes sense. I should push it closer to failure. All right. And then you might see video where a guy says, well, you should do full body work at seven times a week. Okay. That doesn't click as much. Let me think about it a little bit. Maybe I'm not going to do that, you know? And when I mean by that, it's like, you know, muscle, gross body building context. If he took somebody who's never worked at it all and put them on a seven day, a week full body work at routine And they actually did it in a year. The guy would be a totally different dude, you know? That's like the power of just working out and being active in some kind of like weight-based capacity isn't sane regardless of whatever that style is. But, you know, if you really want to hone in on specific metrics, the size, strength, if I can, I'm not so much of a guy to look for tips about speed and athleticism. You know, maybe watch some more sport-specific training videos for that kind of intel. But, you know, in terms of just straight up size, here's my bro science approach that I'm thinking. It's like, okay. Right. I have to induce a stimulus. The likes of which will be intense enough that my body has to say, well, I got to do something about this. And that's me going to the gym, thrash in the hell out of my lats, pump it out my traps, and every other fancy muscle fiber in between. And afterward, in a bulking context, my body's like, dude, you just got wrecked. Like, I'm not going to say any specific like, oh, micro-terres or like simply inducing that kind of weight-based fatigue to an extent where you're fully pumped to the end of it and you're still fatigued, you know? And like, you feel the residual result of that training. Odds are if you win, like, legit hard, and you're not lying to yourself, then you probably stimulated your shit. Not to try not to swear as much, just comes off the cuff and can't control them. So, you come home. All right. Some damages have been done, whether you want to call it that or whether you want to call it stimulus. But, something has been done to your lats. So your body's like, hey, I got prepared this stuff. I got to get this stuff back in here. I mean, I got like, lack to gas and build up and all sorts of my own nuclear, whatever. Like, I got to do something about this. So, you give yourself enough nutrients and food and energy and like basic building blocks, carbs, proteins, fats, where your body's like, all right. I got the workers, I got the gas to run these engines and everything else. Let's put this stuff back together. And I'm basically adapting to a new thing. I want to be better at it. Let's overdo it, Lou. Right? What do you do? You're lats are now 0.1 ounce bigger than they were before. And that might not be right. You know, the exact metric. I'm not sure how many. Can I do them? I can't do them. Well, either way. You've induced some stimulus and if you go home, eat, recover, then you're good. Diving down pretty similar concept, but instead of trying to overrecover and build new mass, you're just trying to hold on to the mass that you've already built up and then lose the fat underneath. But that's sort of the idea that I'm getting it. And you can make it more complicated and you learn about it, you get into it. But if you can look at it on a basic level like that, then if anything's out of whack, you should have a good indicator of, okay, what is the problem? You know, like you're not suddenly going to completely plateau for no reason at all. You're almost your own detective. Like you're your own damn gains detective, where you can look back at all the information, clues and think, okay, I've been training every day or I've been training six times a week or whatever. Consistently for the past four months, and I've been going hard. And I'm not joking. So the training is probably solid. Okay, what else? Well, I've been getting about three hours of sleep every night, the last four weeks. Hmm, that could potentially be part of it. And let's say the guy said he's got enough hydration, he's eaten enough food, then he probably think the sleep's the issue. You got your training, you got your feeling, water and food, you know calories, and you're recovery, you're sleep. So if any of those things are off-kilter, odds are your gains are going to suffer. So looking at that backwards sort of transit of property, if your gains are suffering, then odds are something that they're those three little pillars is off. And if you improve them even just a little bit, then you should start to notice what's the word I'm thinking of. Incremental gains, that's what I'm going to say. Something along those lines. So don't know, just like it's a weird balance of like obviously go as hard as you can. But don't freak. Right? Like if you're doing regular pull-downs or if you got to go to the hotel gym and there's only like 40 pound dumbbells and it's totally my way. But if you don't have the most perfect optimal stuff at your gym, what happened? Still go hard, still push it, and still make sure that everything you gain control, you get after. And before you know it, you're going to be saying the same thing where you're like, well, you know, man, I'm tracking the calories and you tell me your bulk and I just don't believe you. I'd say what it's a heavy burden to carry when you have to say that. Because sometimes it is that simple. But now I'm, now I'm really just freaking around with. I've had, I think I've had no doubt to curse. I think I've had no dedicated carbs today. Yeah, I can. I can feel that I'm alone. Like every time I die it down and I have a good lift and I burn through some of my like spare glycogen and blood sugar. I can, I can tell it makes me a little rambly one in the car. It's my thoughts a little bit just to touch more jumbled. But either way, I'll have a morning wait update. Well, yeah tomorrow when we're talking about forgot to win myself this morning. I was trying to get after it and go to the cardio extra early. So accidentally skipped a step. But either way, awesome back day. It's just waiting. A waiting game and also not stopping at a, I said this a couple days ago. I don't understand the obsession with crumble. Right, maybe I'm just a crispy cream guide hard, but just a, like, two sweets too much. You know, I'd rather, I'd rather stop at Cains in a crumble. But to each their own. But no, no sweets in sight for me right now. I get, I get some goals where those do not align. And if you also think you've got some sort of some sort of something or other you want to get going. We're treats are potentially have to be pushed to the back burner. If not put away completely for a period of time. Oh, I got to tell you, man, as you get a learn how to fuck it out. Right, because I mean, it's, it's not easy. You're really fighting your buddies. Urge to just tell you like, oh, it's like, this is, like, I mean, some guys can't even get trolled. It's like you got a, it's like your gallum where you got the ring voice talking to the back of your head. Yeah, that's midnight. You get up to get a drink of water. You open the freezer, because you just something made you open it. And you see the tub of Ben and Jerry's cookies and cream. Oh, I'm not mad at it. Just have a small, just open the land. Help me, oh no. I've been there, right? Hold strong. Yeah. Let's all together. But that's all I got. I will see you for tomorrow for some kind of arm day. Where it ends up being, I can't say for sure, but will I end up completely pumped and vaining? Staying me out, you said that point. So I'll see you then.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 67 - Arms - Forgot to Pack Sweats, Jean Pump [HXjI_xAyink].txt ===

There we go. All right, one more old school phone style before we go back to the fancy pants. The fancy pants, Sony cameras. But playoffer tonight's lift. A little bit out of the element on a bit of a day trip today. And my flight, I canceled the last night. So I had everything packed and then I flew at this morning, you know, long story short. I unpacked my bag with us leaving me with no sweatpants, no tank. Only the jeans and the shirt that I brought earlier will be extra shirt. So not exactly my standard attire, but for any lift, honestly, the arm day would be the one to have the pants melt malfunction just because it's a huge carousel. Not my first time doing a jeans lift, but probably not ideal. I'll say that much though. Try steps and buy steps. I doubt will be affected much at all. Given the fact that I'm still going to have access to cables, dumbbells and everything else in between. But Cal Redefits that still maintained, things are, well, I hope I don't have to say that. But things are still going by smoothly. So how about we just jump straight to the lift and then look through some, we can look through some comments afterward. Not exactly Q and A style, more like comment in a response style. But let's just get straight to business. And this is what I call it any time. I got some greenery. I feel like I'm at the DM Beach. But no, really nice. So the fact that they also have that dip machine back there is getting me going too. Let's start classic moderate weight rope extensions and go from there. Honestly, well, I mean, I'd say 95% of my lifts are like this. But for whatever reason I've got an extra good feeling about today's arm day. I couldn't really pinpoint it. But I feel like a late day in your empty gym is at least getting close to my natural element. So let's just go nuts here. In there. You should get on live. I can feel this aching. Oh my. Why am I here in prison? I can't swim with them. He'll see. Yeah. The way that I do these rope exchanges is so much different than I used to. It's like if there's just an anatomical like 3D model of a dude doing this shit, I wouldn't even recognize myself. Either way, it's two starters. Sometimes I don't totally love this. internet. one more this next one let's change it make it a drop set instead yeah here Yeah. Yeah. Nice. Oh, yeah, okay. Hold on, grab. Let's do something overhead next, but I might only need one or two more sets for tries. I already cook in quick. Some heavy overhead extensions will be perfect. And by heavy, I mean the stack plus a plate. Nothing crazy, but a little heavier than the standard. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Okay, let me grab it. Let's do that. One more. Let's do that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's do one more supersetted kind of something. And that will be it for try sets. And I've already hit the three-dim styles I was aiming for. Push down overhead stretch base extension and a heavy dip. There's not many other ways to hit your freaking triceps to that, but one more. Move on a bison. I don't know why I'm so giddy, but this is already an awesome fucking lift. Here's the plan. Machine. No. Push down as the pre-ghost. Machine dips as the burnout. And if it tries, I have strong reason to believe this will be it. Yeah. There we go. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Oh, my gosh. Time for some dumbbell curls. Let's keep the pace up on this one. It's crazy. I feel pretty strong, but I don't know what to overdo it. So this is to a straight set of curls with the 70s. A little bit of swing. Not going to sit here and be. Not for this set at least. Freaking thread, Oh my gosh. All right, let's change it. Make the next set. Let it squeezing. I'll give it a one to one to contrast. And set the 70s. 50 fire sir. I think ready to go. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. My hands are ready to be nice. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm not done. I don't want to make it so little bit of a rest place. I'm not done. I'm not done. I'm not done. I'm not done. Let's shift gears from normal. What do you think will be next? If I don't want to do a standard curl, I'm not done. I'm going to go back and forth. Question and guess. Who are you? If you guessed, by step, by step, pull down, seated on the exercise ball. 12 pounds specifically. You're damn good, guesser. But those last sets were very brutish. Just heavy weight, a lot of muscular tension going on. Just getting thrashed that way. This is a little more tedious. What I mean by that is it's going to take me a little while. The rate of fatigue that gets built up, rep by rep is lower here. So it's going to be a higher rep set. Still failure is 15, 20, well within the range of aim before. If this was a 25 set, 25 rep set, that's still be cool. As long as I really pushed it, let's get strapped in here. Really try to isolate my biceps. I want zero lat engagement. A little at the end is self-assistance. That's not bad though, but only a little. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Damn. Okay. Oh my gosh. All right. What do I want to finish? Let's reconvene it a few minutes after it gets more water. All right. Here's my plan. Throw the 50s around. And by throwing, I mean just like do some quicker pace reps as a good burnout. Come over here, grab the 25s. Do some hard squeezing reps. You're really trying to force as much blood nutrients into every sort of fibromybiceps and it's such a form just possible. Find the free key of sliding. Close down and roll. Only a few more steps. Come on. Right. There. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh yeah. Okay. Actually, there's been front of body fly or curls. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Oh my gosh. I think this is just about the freaking sweet spot. Two overhead lights, not much coming in from the sides. And just subjectively like the feeling of tensing on my arms. I feel like I don't even have to say it. But yeah. I think some arm pumpage has been obtained. Or what achieved be a better descriptor there. Either way. Let's see if they're looking. And they get out of here. So I'm going to head back to the crib some more morning. Keep this damn two lights going to cut into the recovery process. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, my gosh. Oh, shit. Oh, skip the front of the spread. Oh. Oh, my gosh. Well, just standing here and kind of blasts ready foes. Yeah. It's like the ratio of arm to waist. Only gets nutty or the leaner I get. Because your arms when you leaner, they just look crazier even if you're physically smaller. But I mean, that's not really arguable. Oh, shit. I need a little breath hold of that one. Oh, my goodness. It's going to double the above I backshot. Then scream. Oh. Oh, my gosh. I'm ready for bed. Let's get the car. The little ominous in the lighting department of whatever kind of key SUD this thing is. But that was a good lift. And I almost fell asleep in the car. Oh, my goodness. Yeah, that would throw off my plans for the night quite, quite seriously. But let's see what you guys are saying. You know, no one, no prompted Q and A or anything. Let's just scroll. Kilton Clark 240. This is the best you've ever looked Sam. And that's in response to the last back day from yesterday. Thank you. Give me some time. Give me some time. Because the freak factor is still improving. It's not a, it's not even close to plateau. It's still going to be creeping up as I get leaner and leaner. Like even there, like short, vaning. But I'm still reasonably soft. Like even right here, I can grab a pretty, I can grab a little pinch of gristle. So once this sort of skin all over my torso, legs, glutes, everything else gets a little closer to like back of the wrist level thinness. That's where some real freakingess is headed. But thank you. Let's see here. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. I love your intro, Sam. Please bring it back. This is Calar at 12. I will. I'm going to, I'm going to refill and see if I can make this with a little extra kind of special. But that'll be sometime next week or so. Plus the music of that last, the last intro got copywritten. So I think I either, I don't know what I should, I might reach out to somebody to like, would you say, you want to say contract, you say commission, I like some kind of intro song. Because the first one is killer, but it's the same thing that he would copy right. Not ideal. But we'll, I will say, but there'll be a new one. And it should be a little freakier in terms of the production value too. So give me a, give me a little time to get all that kind of recorded. But let's keep scrolling down here. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Batvall says, we need another shoulder video. I think it might be right. I honestly, I think it might be right. Tomorrow, I think, is probably going to be a shoulder day just because I think I get stand for having a little bit of extra rest before it legs again. So I might make tomorrow a little more of a, like maybe just shoulder calves kind of even throwing it such a forms. Making a little more of like a sister day. And then smack legs in two days. So I think shoulders is coming up soon. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Maybe I shouldn't make a Q&A. Half of these questions or half of these comments are like brain run. Dear VB3NH says, is it valid to bench with thicker wrist wraps on to help take your wrist out of the equation and help you break your chest down better. I tried it today and felt a lot stronger. You have two reps more compared to normal. Is the wrist wraps somewhat, is the wrist wrap thing somewhat common or no? And that's actually a good question. With I had a pair of wrist wraps for a while. And they were more like wrist supports. It was like this sort of foam thing with a velcro wrap around just to give my, like, my forms a little more support like right in here. But I never needed it for pressing. I've never noticed any serious like pressing issues even with really heavy, like sets of whatever. Like barbell bancher smith. I'll actually get to the point where like my hands themselves like beneath the, like the mean of my palm. But bones will start to sort of feel in the force of the bar. My wrist is still pretty good. And before I, you know, get into the wrist wrap thing, that's something which I do think about is if you're pressing, right? Let's say you get the bar here. Right, where my fingers at. If you're looking at your wrist, right? Why would you want this bar way up here? Like I've seen, especially the power lifters because they're trying to reduce the range of motion. So they end up like not all the time. This is, this is obviously kind of rare, but they'll put the bar up on top of their hands. So it's like hanging down below normal. So they can, like, not have to bench as far. But for the most part, what I'm trying to do is keep my hand actually as neutral as possible. And then push directly through this line that is my form, right? So it's like here's all bone, everything else. So I want the bar to be right here in line with all that. So it just kind of feels more natural. You know, if you have a real bent back wrist up here in the bar is more like a, like a knuckle height, and it's giving, it's like, torque in your wrist, then I think you're going to run into issues. But also, I think form training directly does have a little bit of a, not even a little bit, like a wrist strengthening effect. Like all the light, like 25 pound dumbbell reverse extensions, and then the heavier, like curls in this direction. Like, I'm not going to say you're going to thicken up your wrist at all. Like, well, actually, I mean, maybe not this way, right? Like this is bone, this is bone, this isn't going to just suddenly beef up. So if you're, oh, there's a word for it. Oh, it's terrible. It's called a, it'll say wrist lit. If you're a wrist lit and you get really small wrists, you can't really control your bone structure. Like, what are you going to do? But by beefing up your forearms, all of this muscle down here, some of that is going to translate into some kind of, I'd say some tendon thickening down here. So you'll sort of thicken it up. But I would recommend that if you run into that sort of issue. Right? Just strengthening your whole form in general as well as trying to press directly into line with your, well, with your forearm. Instead of like having the bar up here kind of wrenching you, you know, like the further back you are, press like this, would not recommend it. But let me, let me get back to the comment hand. Yeah, if it feels good, then you're cool. You know, honestly, the wrist wraps, I think are one of the most, like legit pieces of gear that you could be using lifting winds, because it's not just inflating your ego. Like whenever you do the elbow wraps, like real tight all around here, like that physically makes it more difficult for your arm to bend, like you're running into yourself, and it makes the weight lighter at the bottom. So you may as well be using a slingshot. So for anybody where you see like a tix-hack post of a dude, like, you know, benching 600, and he's got a slingshot on and, like, really beefy elbow wraps. I'd say at least 200 pounds of that weight, it's just being lifted purely by the elastic effect. But in terms of just form support, if that's what you got to do, if it feels better for you, yeah, keep doing it. I try to, well, I mean, I guess you don't have to, right? But in my mind, I kind of like lifting supportless when possible. You know, I don't want to have like a crutch of, okay, I bel, I need my wrist wraps, I need my knee sleeves, not against them, but for whatever reason, I don't know. I'm just not like, I don't want to just use them unnecessarily, right? I mean, I've, and this might just be coming from a little bit of, uh, maybe in kind of a hair. I think semi justified, maybe not for real, you know, you never too justified to be a hater, but I'm talking about the guys where you see the video of dude, squat suit, knee sleeves, knee wraps, like doubling up on both of them, sleeves first and then wraps, and just doing the most equipped lift ever for like something that they probably could have done without any of that equipment, you know, so maybe that's a part of a sort of subconscious thing that's motivating me not to love using too much support of equipment. But no, if that feels better for you, if just, if you're doing everything like, you got all the force going straight through your form, and that just feels better. You're totally cool. I would, uh, I would see no problem with that. Let's, uh, let's get you scrolling here. You're doing it. You're doing it. Zick Desmett says, S log three is go to, I stopped using it because it's too powerful. You're gash dang right, man. You're gash dang right. Let's do one more than we can now, yeah, here. That victory pose looked aesthetic. AF says YouTube show random. Yeah, that was kind of cool. And same thing. I mean, as my waist gets a leaner, like, it's physically just going to be shrinking and give me a little, uh, I guess I wouldn't want to say hourglass. I'd say more like Dorito kind of like big torso we look, coupled with more of a smaller waist. And then with a big back, I started bugging out there, I guess. But with a vacuum and no food, Mr. McEither, that is cool. So I'm hoping that that gets, uh, that only, that only gets freaky here from here and out, which spoiler light, I, spoiler with the spoiler alert, I think it will. So now I gotta do go home. Actually go home. And then I got a, I think a shoulder day tomorrow. So I'll get a, uh, yeah, I'm, I get ahead of the grocery store. My kitchen is like, barren. Like I get ground beef and like mustard and ketchup, but it's, it's running slim. So how about, uh, how about I see it in for a little bit of grocery haul, restocking.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 68 - Shoulders - Veins and Striations [GOcyb10zv5w].txt ===

There we go. Back to normal. Back to freaking normal. But yeah, on the topic of the New Year's Resolutioner and not even just the New Year's Resolutioner, but anybody who's got a bit of an itch, you know, a small ember in the back of their mind or even there, even their gut where they're like, you know, maybe I should work out this year. Maybe I should work out this year. Maybe I've got to get that's a, and I feel like it's more classic to say it's like, I want to get back and shape, you know, or like, oh man, I'm getting that shape screw and it's like, usually that phrase is just an idea that bubbles up for just a moment and then the thought process is not all right. Let's start working on it. It's usually just, well, whoops, whatever, you know, like I'm not trying to discount it, but you basically have two options, right? If somebody is like, okay, I should get back in the room. I mean, it sucks, but it's much easier to say to yourself, and maybe tomorrow. Yeah, I can nothing to change by doing today versus tomorrow, it's too tomorrow. It's cool, you know, because that's very cool, right? That's like you just stayed up crazy late. You got a clock, you got a class at 8 o'clock, you wake up at 7 and you somehow convince yourself, wait a second. I'm just not going to go. Oh, like, it's, it's just a very good feeling, but that enjoyment is over right then. It does not build into anything else, you know, you're not going to get compounding interests on that like satisfaction. That's it. And then you're actually going to pay for it later on down the line when you realize it. Shit. I told myself I was going to work out this year. It's already December, for you, December 14th, means 13th, that is around one day delay, and then you're gone. And then, you know, it bubbles up like this, this potential energy is kind of bawling itself, and then it just kind of disperses, you know. And I can't really say exactly what could flip that switch. You know, it's like a, it's like a freaking atomic bomb, right? Not bear with me because everybody pretty much has infinite fucking potential to get from wherever they're at now to pretty much jacked. It can be done. And we've seen it be done. Like, we've ever looked up at same fat loss transformation. So these guys didn't just have the greatest magical genetics in the world. They knew what they wanted to do. They made it happen. It took them years to fucking get there. And now, holy shit, you would not even recognize the guy if you standing next to the version of himself, however many years before. It doesn't just luck. What happened was they were able to take all those internal like a game. Do I should probably work out as probably get into it? Or I mean, I usually don't bring it up because I don't have as much history with it. But like looking at yourself in the mirror and thinking, fuck, yeah, I believe that myself go here. So go as wait, I used to look like, you pull up like a picture back in what you can see in prime, what is or whatever else. Like it's, you know, that's kind of, sometimes the little motivators just say, right, let's change this shit up. You know, you reach a point where you almost get fed up and you think, okay, something's got to change here. And everybody's got, you know, this is much energy to think, okay, I should start working out as you, because there's no barrier to entry. Anybody can start looking up like a bodyweight homework out or, you know, get one of those P90 exports. All the videos are just on YouTube now. Like the barrier to entry is purely in term. So somehow what differentiates the guys or girls is strong 4% viewership here. But what differentiates these guys who just think about it versus wanting to really do it is they're able to somehow like concentrate that energy in that sort of like excitement, like action or I guess you can say call to action to make this shit happen. They're able to condense it into a critical enough mass or it actually reacts. And then they put it into motion, you know, because anybody can say like, man, it'd be crazy if I locked in this here. Dude, it'd be freaking nuts if I locked in this here, bro. Like I'm going to get jacked. And I've been, I've been training, I've been watching videos, bro. I'm going to, I'm locking in this here. Can you, uh, can you hit ready? Bro, that's, let's, let's squat up and make them on here. Ready up. I guess, because we're saying that's played for me. But it's, you know, anybody can just say that. But to actually make it happen, there's something in there which, uh, I think, I can pinpoint, you know, because it can't be forced, right? I mean, if you, uh, like, let's say your dad wanted you to be in all start football player and he forced you to do all these, or just anybody like you get forced into wanting to do it or forced into doing it. You're, you're just going to end up presenting the sport and whoever's making you do it more, right? You can't, like, force anybody to like something, you can't force somebody to push themselves. I really think it has to be an internal drive. You know, I was, um, I was just talking to somebody earlier and I looked weird just kind of going all like life stories, everything else pretty much. But I remember thinking of myself like, out of all the things that I've ever done, which, you know, not that all this buck around. But, you know, I've done all sorts of like different kinds of sports, a different school, a different sort of whatever, like the things that I've felt the most enjoyment from went the furthest with and got the most, well, I guess it would be really, you just say the most results with, where the things that I wanted to do for me, right? I mean, if you get a, like, I had to play, I played soccer as a kid and, you know, I don't think there's anything stopping me from becoming a badass soccer player. Like, I had, like, regular, or a bloodisism, right? But just an interest me as much, you know, like, head bounce around, like I love being goally, I don't want to just run back and forth, which I guess apparently translated it to now, I mean, you know, I can't get to be a runner-up down in soccer, soccer field. But it's like, whatever, you know, it didn't really click. How I was doing it, because my parents brought me to do it, which I mean, it was still fun, like, just hanging out a lot like my guy friends, school and everything. But like, it wasn't like my thing, like I wasn't wired to be into it, right? And then, with just anything, right? If it's forced upon you, odds are you just not going to fucking want to excel, right? But if you find something that you like, you find something that you enjoy, and just the act of doing it alone is fun for you, then the freaking skies, the limit. It's, um, I'm definitely lucky, because for me, I think everybody needs something, you know, everybody, uh, and what I mean by that is, that's something doesn't have to be working out. Like, I'm taking this to an insane degree, beyond what I would basically recommend, you know, like in my eyes, a perfect world would be one, where everybody got at least a couple days of weight training in and did consistent cardio. Like, I can recommend that completely to everybody in the freaking world. And I think that'd be great. You know, not everybody needs to sit in the gym every day for hours. Make sure you do 30 minutes cardio track every calorie track. Like, if you want crazy, like muscle billing results, then that's what you should do. But I think everybody should work out in general. So you don't have to make that your thing. But everybody needs a thing where you can be excited about it. You can go to bed and think about how well you did today. You can be excited about what you're going to get to do tomorrow and be able to look back and think, man, I'm so much better at this than I was so many years ago, right? Because I mean, ideally, this thing is going to last a while and it gets a really luck into something. But the, I think the trifecta is find something that you like to do, because if you don't like it, you're not going to do it all the time. Something that you have a little bit of a sort of aptitude for. It doesn't have to be awesome. I mean, we've all heard the guys where they're like, you know, like genetic. Didn't have the best genetics, but I still was overpowering. So the aptitudes, like a little bit of a factor for sure, you're not going to catch me try to become like a basketball player right now. Or if you're like a four foot or if you're like a five foot six dude, you're probably not going to be a long jumper. So there are little limitations like that, but not so many, right? Like whatever. But if you like it, you got to baseline aptitude for it and you can give yourself enough time to do it on the regular. And that like was paying for it good. Then if all those three things are in place, you're basically set, you know, it's as if you had you're really just light the freaking fuse, you know, because if all those things are in place, then you're going to do it a lot. The fact that you like doing it, there's just a basic sort of component of human nature or just your mind where being good at something is cool. Like if you are ever, if you ever remember being a kid and like your drawing got put up in the classes like the example or like your essay was what the teacher uses a reference to great everybody else's. Or just anything like being single that thing at heyman, that was pretty good. You did that well. Like that just shoots off all kinds of badass, dope a manager, responses in your mind where it's like that was pretty cool. And you don't need a third person perspective to tell you that. You know, if you get a, like, try to think of something. You know, let's say you're a golfer. You know, I always reference the golfer as a different activity than the working out. Anyway, because you marked as it's a little easier for me to grasp. But if you went out, you know, you gave yourself the day, you're doing 18 holes, and you've got a personal fucking record. Right. You finally shot under 80 or under whatever. You're probably in a field pretty damn good. You know, and like what was the achievement, right? There's no prize money. There was no, like, it was not a competition with anybody else. But you just did something you'd never done before. And you got to think, wow. That is just, I mean, really all you're thinking. That was just fucking sick. But, you know, if you look at it a little bit more objectively, you're like, wow, all the time in energy that I spend putting into this has paid off and now I'm better for it. Sweet. You know, and it doesn't have to have like a, like a direct translation to any other sort of vector of life, like just having something you can enjoy. I really think if you don't, then you are missing out. And that's a, not to, you know, say you're screwed or anything like that. But if you don't have something, then that's your cue. Right. Look for it. You know, if you ever, if you ever look at anybody who's good at anything, then don't forget, at one point, they were an absolute complete beginner and they had no idea what they're doing with whatever that thing was. You know, every, every, every, every Jimmy Hendrix, every whoever, at one point was just a beginner who said, wow, this might be cool. I think this is the same thing. I don't know how I think I might like doing this. And then they put in a crazy amount of hours, which for the most part probably did not feel like work, because they just enjoyed the process of doing it. And then boom, 10 years past, they're got damn fucking legend. Right. So it's not like everybody has to become a Jimmy Hendrix. That's actually, I mean, he's up there with pretty much anybody in terms of like, over arching world known as, like, that's pretty wild. But on a smaller scale, like just being good at something, so I can know, so that's where that's the fun part of days, I think. It's the time that you get to spend doing something that you just would want to do anyway, right? But enough random random kind of hype up talk, playing for tonight's lift, shoulders with a touch of everything else. Touch a touch of calves, touch of forearms, a little bit of a, um, a little bit of an accessory day, for say, because I just blew back from New Jersey earlier, so I get my little travels. It's probably not my best interest to do a crazy leg day. And I don't want to just hold off and do like a scrappy leg day, so it'll be better to give myself a little bit of a luffer. You'll, and do legs tomorrow. So that leaves me a day. I don't need a full arm rest day. So a little bit of a chill lift, like shoulders will do me good. Plus, it's been a while since I've really had a nasty shoulder pump. Primarily, just because they're my shoulders, relative to my arms and my chest, like, they're just, they're big, they're big enough to the point where I want everything else to grow to match their development. But dieting down, that's when I'm going to throw in shoulders much more often. There's an eye growing right now. All I'm doing is maintaining muscle. Like this whole process of dieting these last two months, I have not gained an ounce of muscle. I've actually basically shrunk down muscle-wise because all my glycogen and insure muscles that are like fluids and everything else have sort of dissipated because I'm not eating a damn thousand grams of carbs for a day like a bulky face. So I'm physically smaller, right? But as I get leaner, all these proportions of like your shoulders and your waist and like my hips, like my hips, the hip, my bones, they're not shrinking. You know, the broadness of my shoulders is not changing, but what is changing is that thickness of my waist, the amount of leanness or I guess the amount of body fat that's sort of softening me up. And as that starts to, I mean, really just get burned off. Like, I guess you can say, physically get burned off, then it'll, it's almost as if I look like I'm getting bigger even though actually it's smaller. That's the leanness effects. Otherwise, notice the freak factor or you just say simply looking freaky. But that freak factor will only continue to improve. And I think I've overcome what you could sort of refer to as like the, the hill of dieting. Because what happens is as soon as you start dieting down or at least in my case, I just finished a bulky face. Now I'm going to start dieting down. As soon as that happens, as I stop eating a ton of food or when I stop eating a ton of calories and carbs and everything else, then instantly I'm basically going to deflate muscle wise because I was holding like 10 pounds or so, evenly distributed across my build in each of my muscle fibers of water and glycogen, you know, basically just fuel that your muscles run off of and kind of act as storage cells for so that, oh, I mean, basically, it's run off of that energy when you're fed state. But as soon as I started dieting down and now I'm not eating as much food as keep myself that full, musculerly I've now shrunk. But I'm just as fat as I was before. Like I've got the same amount of body fat because the calorie deficit takes a while to really ramp up. So in the beginning of dieting, it's actually kind of the hardest because you start to look worse. Like when you're bulked up, even when I'm a bit softer, being carbed up and vaining everything else and just pumped to shit, it looks pretty fucking cool, you know? So to go right into a deficit, you have a little bit of a immediate upfront cost of, you don't look as cool and carbed up and pumped as you did when you were fully bulked. But once you reach a point of leanness, then that drop and freaking is actually starts to return and over pass where you were before because now I'm starting to see more fibers, more veins, more separation, better waste of shoulders and leg ratios and everything like that. So this month to next month, I foresee that much bigger change even than the last two months to now, just because every pound of body fat that I continue to lose is a bigger and bigger change, percentage wise of how much body fat I've got. Like if I've got a hundred pounds of extra body fat on my frame and I lose one, it's only a 1% increase in leanness. But if I've got 10 extra pounds of body fat on my frame and I lose one pound, that's a 10% jump in leanness. So it's kind of one of the rare things where you actually get, not diminishing but improving returns. But it's kind of counteracted by the fact that the leaner you get the harder it is to get that lean. So it it balances itself out, but that's where there really is a light at the end of the tunnel of the dieting face, which makes it easier for me to stay motivated and not just pull into what are my three pillars of the fast food, pull into Wendy's canes or, and there's probably the big ones. I don't mind a McDonald's sometimes though, but honestly the buns are kind of, it's starting to lose me. Now it just doesn't just kind of dry, right? At least the Wendy's is a little bit more of a burger. But either way, either way I shouldn't be talking like that. Now I got myself thinking about it. Let's just get some shoulders started, plus a little bit of accessory work after the shoulder pop check. So whenever I'm doing shoulders, rear delts gets the number one spot, right? rear delts first. Half the reason for that is I like finishing a shoulder pump with my side delts kind of the biggest part that actually makes you look the most pumped. Done. But also just kind of acts as a good warm-up. You know? Like when I do side ladders, they're going to feel better once my rear delts have already got to blood flowing through them. Plus it kind of gets my roots that I've got to come to. It's like just all the above and kind of just works. But heavy face pulls kind of a cambered bar a little bit more of a bend, but not like a W easy bar. But I really like these, especially versus like a standing version of these, like I mean it's so much. Guys a load up, whatever amount. Try to stand here just in the open air and like balance against the weight. So it's like as many signals as you're sending to fire your rear delts, you're sending just as many of not more through your holdback. Try to keep your balance. You need to just sucks, right? So why would I want that many variables in the movement? So by laying down in this sort of orientation, I'll get a focus on the squeeze in my rear delts. But I'll probably do a couple of these in a row. No need for like 10 different rear delts movements. I'm not even just too too, but we want to see. Yeah. Yeah. Do. These. Oh my gosh. So one more little tip I'm thinking about before I just cut to the rest of these reps. Is I'm not trying to move my shoulder blades or my shoulders at all. Like I want my shoulder to be locked in the same position so that all my arm does is rotate around it. Because that's all your rear delts is doing. It's not helping any of this. So if every rep look like here, I just be doing a really trap focus row. So if I go too heavy, I notice I start to use too much traps and that's my cue drop the weight just to touch. But if you're more here, then we want to something else. Okay. One more heavy one. And then I might do a light one to finish this off. Four kind of feels like a good number with these. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Do you walk? Yeah, that's a little too heavy. So at the cost of less tension, I get the benefit. I'll be able to hold the squeeze a lot harder and harder. No. Yeah. All right. Let's move on to some kind of rear delts style fly. That's right. One of your cable or dumbbell though, give me a second to think about it. Yeah. Cable is definitely not going to work. So let's think about this. What can your rear delts do? A lot of this. So typically, all right, reverse, packed deck. Perfect. But no packed deck in here. So same thing with dumbbell fly. Put yourself in the same position to fight against gravity. And just do like this. And you're pretty strong with these. Like it's because it's sort of it's like the opposite of the strength curve of a dumbbell curl. Well, either way, when the weight is down here and it's hanging, all of that force is only being translated like through my bone structure. You know, it's going to be way harder to hold the weight up here than down here. So usually I'm going to say like, you know, don't swing too much or whatever. But with these, I don't mind a little bit of momentum just to build it up and then really feel the sort of difficulty in resisting that downward motion. Because obviously you don't want two dumbbells just to come smack each other, especially in front of this kind of below the waist area, you know, you only do that once and then you'll learn your lesson. But I think the 60s are we good? Maybe just want to do with these. Well, I'll say they feel. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, can't hold it, crap. Yeah. One more. Just like that. a little bit quicker reps speed, but the fatigue definitely can't fucking add it up. I only need the 55, so the next one too. Okay, yeah. Let's get some sides out started. But what to start with is the question I face now. But typically, I just grab dumbbells, regular dumbbell lateral raises, because they work. I'm not going to say they don't honestly. I think they're pretty much perfect. Like bench, or chest, I'm not sure I could pinpoint one movement I'd want to only do forever. I might be Smith bench, but I'm not totally sure. But side-lateral, I can say, in a heartbeat, no hesitation. dumbbell lateral raises. But that doesn't mean some cable isn't good too. And half the value of sometimes changing it up with the loading method is it changes the way the machine feels, or that the movement feels. With dumbbells, it's obviously you know. Let the bottom heavy at the top, but when you do a cable, you stand a little bit off-axis from that loading point, then you get tension the whole way around. And actually since it's over there, I'm feeling the most tension in my side-delt here at the bottom. Or I guess whenever my arm is like 90 degrees to the cable. Like if you're doing a side-lateral with dumbbells, it's obviously going to get harder, harder, harder, harder, harder. And this is the hardest, because it's furthest away from your shoulders, you got to exert the most force and leverage. But with these, heavy is down here at the bottom. And it gets a little lighter at the top, because it's kind of going like, it's almost pushing me, not just pulling my arm down. So it just lets me get a harder squeeze. So maybe I've been a little bit, a little bit close-minded with the side-delt training. But either way, let's do a light squeezing set right side first. Yeah, let's just run these up a little bit. And then I'm going to use some dumbbells in a little bit. I won't have to go to a heavy, because it'll already be pre-exhaust with this stuff. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Two more of these. Same style, same everything. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. Let's grab some dumbbells next. Light, nothing too have to hear. The dumbbells are, oh, I got no mirror in front of them. So I think let's just grab the 40s for as many sets as I can fucking handle. And even with that, obviously even sitting here doing a little bit of the hands on hips. The side-delt pump-ness is like crap. It's even apparent through the freaking sweatshirt, which is nuts. But even just standing, obviously not to the same extent. But I feel like that dude's from fucking UUHKUSHO show. And if you know that reference without having to look it up, you get some reasonable taste. But I don't think I made it past that, that like war arc. As soon as that was over, it kind of lost me. But either way, 40s, I don't mind swinging a little bit here, because my goal is not perfectly executed reps. My goal is to get perfectly pumped. All right. So it's like what's just in what's the law. Sometimes they're a little finicky. But let's go nuts here. Okay. Be more. And shows are, yeah, let's just say they're pumped. Yeah. Yeah. You're cute. Hold on, I got you. One more minimum potential for two. Let me breathe, then we can decide. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh, good. I started listening to those ones a little. But shoulders done. No. That's fine. The best lighting. See how they're really looking. I don't know how to need the sweatshirt. It's really right home. Was that seven sets of rear delts, are only six. So I know it was seven of those and then eight side delts. Front delts. Not going to happen. And there is a specific reason for that. I don't know you anymore. Front delts. You know, like I really, if the shoulder department is overstocked, then front delts is fucking two weeks in a, or not two weeks. One of my saying. It's like, it's double. It's double maximum freaking capacity. I'm going to put some of the mess with a little something down here. There we go. All right. Now we're cooking the freaking gas. Let's make sure right in the middle. Let's make sure right in the middle. What are the shoulder veins coming out there? This usually with a lat or with a shoulder pump, the left side try-step is the freakyest. So let's see if that still holds up. But yeah, oh my goodness. I don't think I've seen veins on that far edge of my shoulder. At least that this extent before Jesus. A little bit of just a hint of tricep feathering right there. This maybe a minor hint. I got to get a little bit leaner before any of that starts to show up. But yeah, I mean, just standing here. They are rounded over the back, right? There's a very noticeable chunk of like gap between rear delts and tricep. I mean, you really, you really see where they tie into each other. And that's what I'm aiming for, right? I want a big discrepancy between rear delts, tricep, lat, and everything else. Because that's what makes your shoulders look extra fucking cool, right? I'm already prown to rounding over. Like I need to be walking around like this. But if you're already prone to being a little more hunched. If your rear delt game is subpar relative to your front delts, then you're really just going to get a fucking hunched over look. But the fact that they're so buffed up in the back and pumps right now. Like even being a little hunched, they still have the fucking solid form tool. And then like staying upright. It's like I don't even have tricep. I rear delts are just the fucking, I'll just the star of the show. But let's see how they look in some back poses. Cool, my goodness. Yeah. And then they're really just capping off the top of my lats and everything else there. So, all in all, I'd say it's a damn freaking good shoulder pump. That's a roll. That's freaking scram. So this just fucking perplexity. Honestly, I can't wrap my head around the fact that we live in a world where you can watch the Warhammer 40K episode of Secret Level. Or you could watch the, like the Kianu Reeves, like even Gellian, robot kind of fucking laser sword fight. Those are, yeah, I'm telling you, Secret Level, you gotta look that shit up, it's cool. But live in a world where somebody can watch that. Think to themselves, that's kind of cool. And not use it as hype to have a badass fucking lift. I mean, it's terrible. I can't even imagine it, because it's like, if you don't have some kind of physical outlet on the regular, and it doesn't have to be the gym, it can be anything, I don't even know. Or, I mean, it could be whatever. It could, you know, I go down this rabbit hole, but speech a lot. But it could be fucking making music. It could be making art. It could be sculpting. It could be whatever. It could just be, you'd be getting in woodworker. You know, if there's a million niche little interest in hobbies and things you can get into, which requires a method. And if you're excited about something, you do it so much better. And I think that's the fucking most valuable part of media. And by that, I mean, like movies and shows and everything else is that it's like, just this romanticization romanticization of regular life, where it can get you extra fucking excited, you know? Like, even the ones that aren't insanely over the top, like if you're watching the marks watching now, it's been a while. I got like maybe stiff to your show episode to deep into Epo, right, it's like this boxing show. Dude, it's just, it's cool to see like a story like that, where there's suspense in this drama, there's like, there's hard training in there's regrets, and just like, that's things that like I want to live. And the work and out of such an awesome outlet, really, I think, is it so physical that it's like, it's very, I really do think primal is a good fucking word, you know? Because it's, you really just fucking express in yourself, you know? Because if all you do is you walk around all day and you play on your phone or you, you say to your desk, you whatever your job is, or you go to school, you go to class, you come back and, you know, like, do anything. You just like, you're watching things happen, you're doing like, kind of busy work. Honestly, so much of just like, school and regular day-to-day stuff is just pure busy work. Like, that's where I'm extra jealous of all the, our mixed, endvious of all, like, the self-employed kind of guys, where they're doing like their own thing. It's like, they're not just, like, it doesn't feel like working when you're doing something like that. Because they're excited to do it, and you're working directly for the end result, that you get back, you know? So if you don't have something like that to get excited about, days can really blend together. It's just kind of sucks, right? So with the work and at least, I'm not going to go so far as the Tom Platt Speedtore is like, I attribute every muscle to an emotion, like Biceps Ranger. Triceps were hatred, like I'm not thinking about it that crazily, but it really is a sick, maybe not a scape as a good work, but like release, you know, because whatever kind of just anything that you get building up over your day, it's somewhere you just get it all out. It's just you, nobody's watching you or if they are watching you, it's like some of your boys, whatever, but it's like, do you in the weights, you get to go hard? And there's nothing else that, you know, in a regular guy's day that it's like that, right? It's all just kind of like a days ago, you know, watching the videos about Funko Pop collections are just, you know, keeping up with the Hock-2 of Scandal. Like that's not what life was meant to be. You know, keep it, you got to get a little more down to Earth and just get focused on your focus on these two things. You got here, your fucking hands. And now, I'm totally unrelated, no, I just, I was just thinking this dude. I, you know, this tangent is completely unrelated, but I do try to think about this a lot, just to put good energy out in the world is like, I am constantly grateful. I got two work in hands and half of that is because, well, not even half, I think about that a lot because of like two summers ago or something, I totally sliced my whole thumb pad open when I was cutting open this plastic five gallon barrel of paint for when I was working for the city. And I was not executing proper safety, or proper cutting etiquette at all. Like, literally, if someone recorded me, put my hands where they were knife in like a stabbing kind of hold here, pushing directly towards this hand. I mean, it was blatantly stupid on my part. But I was, I mean, you know, a confection of grab shit for a month, at least nothing that involved my thumb at all. So that's something I do kind of think about. But, you know, you get your hands on something, push yourself and it's for you. It's not for anybody else, it's not because anybody told you to do it. It's because you get to enjoy it, right? So that's where I think the coolest shit is, things which do not have a round about like, path until you reach your satisfaction. So things like the work and out, you want to go work out, you go enjoy your work out, you finish a hard one and you get to come back and you say, well, I had a good work out today. Sweet. Maybe it action response. You did something and you got a response from it in your mind and you said, that was fun. I like doing that. I feel good from doing that. Sweet. I mean, there's really no negative. It's all positives. But the same guy can come to the gym, do a workout, come back. But his mindset can be very different because instead of a immediate action feedback of, I did my workout, I feel good because I did it. Some guys will get a little bit funky in their mind where they don't have the direct link to the enjoyment of that action and they, you know, okay, I want to go work out. So that I can show her, like the classic girlfriend broke up with you, trope, which I think that's going to be pretty locked into the world of fitness, basically forever. I mean, I'm sure there's some old, like Ethiopian scripture where it's like, you know, I don't know any old female names of that to make this reference, like historically accurate, but it's like written on a tablet. Melissa left me for a larger villager. I lifted this stone four weeks later or like something crazy. I don't know. Like I'm sure some shit like that exists somewhere from all the way back then. Like that's not going anywhere. But I don't think that's an awesome approach or like, you know, doing it to get, like somebody else's approval or, I mean, the classic, you know, you're kind of bullied for being an out of shape dude from beginning kind of thing because now instead of working out and getting a feedback positively in your own mind, you're working out and then you're thinking, okay, I did this workout. And then you're kind of not even getting a positive feedback. You're sort of like hoping that, okay, I did this. Oh, man, I hope that I get there approval later. And it's like, you don't even get the response because it's all just trying to feed into like pleasing somebody else. So it's, it's just not cool. Right. So the more direct you can be with your enjoyment of things, the better. Because if you don't then you're just fucking, you know, you're a leaf in the wind, you know, you're just being blown along by trying to meet the expectations of anybody around you or any, you know, any, maybe a thwarted figures. And it's like you're not even living your own life. You're just like trying to conform to everybody else, you know, like apart from some of the craziness, that's a cool ass Kanye quote. Or he's like, if, if you try to get every question right or if you try to answer everything right in your life, then every day is a test. And when were you the most fucking stressed out when you're in school? You know, I'm saying, right? So you get a, and of course, you're not just born thinking like this. It kind of comes with age a little bit. But that's where I think everybody needs to have a certain moment of realization of autonomy, where, you know, when you're in school, you, or when you're a kid, you don't have a choice. Right? And you're parents, putting school, that's what you do. You get some kind of summer job, you go to, you actually go to college, you do this, whatever, like, you just, you follow in the path. And you're kind of just being pushed along it. But eventually you got to have a moment where you like, holy crap. I'm alive. I'm in control of everything that I do. If I do anything cool, then it's because of what I do. And if I screw everything up, it's kind of my fault, too. Damn it. You know, it's kind of a sort of responsibility, right? Because now it's, you're on your own. And for some guys that happens a lot earlier than others, like anybody where, like you got booted out of the house, like you're 18, get here. It's definitely a point where things can get a little bit more unfair. But it's going to happen eventually. And the sooner the better I feel, right? Because if you're, like, perfectly coddled, then, you never reach that point. And, you know, I'm sure you know, somebody who's, they, especially kind of my demographic right now. There's a lot of guys where they never moved out for school, because college all went online, and then they've been living with the parents the whole time. And then, you know, now it's like, when are they going to move out? Right? It's like the at home 30 year old is making a research. You know, but now I'm, no, I'm just getting into random ass fucking lifestyle talk. That was a good lift. They didn't have a, there was no lake press in there, so I'm just going to add calves in with, after cardio in the morning. But shoulders pump the help, or pump the heck. And now I'm going to do go home, eat about a pound of ground beef with some low sugar ketchup, and then go to sleep. Nine o'clock, hoping I'm hoping I hit the sack before 11, and then I get to wake up early for some long cardio tomorrow. I'm, I'm changing on my approach. I, I think 45 minutes or upwards of even past 35 on the seated bike is a little bit much on my legs. Like, I can tell my legs, specifically, are getting, like, fatigued from doing the bike. So, and now what I've been doing is 30 minutes on the bike, and then moving on and jumping onto the treadmill for another 15. Just a three mile an hour walk at like a five-ish or something, percent inclined. Like, nothing crazy, but, you know, keep track of my heart rate. I should just bring, I should just start wearing the apple watch against, so I can track it. But heart rates still stays up in the 130s, or mid 130s, up at like 140 or so. So, that's what I'm aiming for. And then, I, I think I'll just add more to that, because the bike gets a little hard. Like, past 30 minutes, you're kind of, like, it definitely feels like you're pedaling. But, you know, doing 30 minutes of the bike, and then doing another 25, or I'll probably end up doing another 30 on the treadmill, just to kind of see how it feels for me. But that's not so bad. Okay, plus it, I mean, if you've got a show that you want to watch, you just put that up on the, put your phone up on the stand, and sit there, get into a little bit of a trance. I mean, your cardio's going to pass like fucking nothing. And then you can feel a little bit better about, like, waist and time playing in your fallen cause you're not waist and time. I can actually do something. But, either way, that is a perfect ender today, 68 of this dieting phase. One, half a percentage body fat leaner. I'm sure that's a reasonably accurate, guess maybe 0.2% either way. Well, on track to dice it, but holding time will tell really. So, I don't see it tomorrow for what I presume to be a moderately heavy like day. I don't want to go too crazy, but I'm definitely going to definitely go and do some damage in a stimulating way, not in a nightly way, at least not until I'm, you know, bulking up again in a couple of months. So, I'll just see you then.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 69 - Nice - Legs [XVQqUKoZM1k].txt ===

There we go. So I've got two plans for tonight. Plan number one, get a nasty arm, I'm saying nasty arm pump, get a nasty leg pump, kind of alternating style. I'm thinking leg curls then quads and curls then already, you know, back and forth between quads and hymns so that at the end of it I can have fully pumped legs and also just dieting down in general. The pump itself is a bit more fleeting, you know, and I've had to zilch for carbs that I think I'm macro counts of ours like 150 grams of protein, 40 of carbs and 30 of fats. Not much what you would kind of describe is fuel. All right muscle lifting wise. If I had 500 grams of carbs so far today, I think I would feel significantly different, right? Physically as well as, well, I guess subjectively as well as physically like I'd be pumped out of my freaking mind to the point where I buddy even feel like my quads are going to get new stretch marks just from the glycemic effect of being full like that. But that's not for today. That's for months in the future. Shouldn't even think about it. And then after that, you're going to make a grocery store stop. So that's going to be its own video. That's not going to be connected to this. But I guess I didn't think about it at first but I'm not really getting as many groceries now that I'm dieting down. You know, that's like if I got some canned meats, a bunch of frozen beef, steaks, ground beef, everything else, egg, egg whites to get the egg whites and cartons. Food just fucking last, you know, when you're eating, I mean, honestly right now, I'm at like nearly a third of the cloric intake as I have been at like my peak consumption. So it's like I'm stretching three days of food into one or one day of food into three, which is kind of freaking wild. But either way, I wanted to, I wanted to kind of put my mind or put myself into the mind of the leg day skipper. Because it's a hard thing for me to wrap my, for me to wrap my mind around. You know, because you're just like, I can't even do it. Like I can't even, I can't even fucking describe what it would be like to be somebody is fucking constantly skipping legs. Because you really are just missing out, you know. And I think it's, it's one of the most abrupt or least abrupt muscles that you can change because they're big. They take a while to train. The training itself is pretty fucking difficult and it's not so cool. You know, like I'm at a point now where I think the leg pump is fucking cool. But especially as a beginner, I mean, you're what you can be way more interested in like seeing a bicep pump but it's shoulder day and like being physically extra big and your torso, like that's usually what we think about the support structure, right? Your trunks, not so much. So I mean, I see I can wrap my head around it, right? If I actually try to look at it or objectively, it's hard. You're huffing and puffing. If you push legs to failure at least, or at least like you're in that 90% intensity range on most of your sets, it's going to take a lot out of you. And you're kind of wearing pants all the time anyway, you know? So it's like they're not really out there to be seen. You got to have some crazy ass leg genetics for somebody to say, holy crap man, your legs are fucking huge. Right? Usually it's always shoulders back, chest arms. They don't get as much love as they should. But if you do plan on getting into the work out for more than just a little while, which hopefully that's everybody, especially if you're watching this now, then do. The leg training is where it's at. Because it's almost like, uh, it's almost, I kind of feel like the fact that it's hard is where a lot of the value lies. You know? Because I thought about trying to split up legs into two days, like hamstrings in the morning, like maybe don't do cardio on a leg day or do like a do cardio after hamstrings in the morning, and then they save quads for it, you know? At night, so I got two lifts, like I'm lifting the same amount of time for the day, but it's not so much all at once, you know? Like doing an hour of cardio straight is a bit harder than doing 30 minute sessions of cardio, spread a part, you know, at least in terms of a like execution style. But it just doesn't work, you know? And I can't throw in hamstrings with back or arms because then it just feels really at a place. You know, the only muscle that it should uh, or at least for me that I feel like it should be trained with is quads, right? They gotta be paired up. And then, right, that's what kind of, that's sort of the positive and the negative, you know? Because it's fucking, it'll take a little bit atty. I've, uh, hemmed in hot about trying to somehow figure out a way to make it easier, but there's just nothing. There's no way to do it, right? It simply is what it is. But that's just the nature up. And what I'm trying to get at is like, when somebody asks me like, what's my favorite muscle group to train? I would probably have to pick chest just because at the end of it, I look probably the coolest because I got a chest pump sick. My arms are residually pumped from all the pressing and the bicep tension from doing flies. My shoulders are getting some activation just from like holding and stabilizing and everything else. So the end of a chest pump is almost like just straight up towards a pump, right? So it's, it's extra cool there. And it's only one muscle group takes me like 30 minutes to do. So it's, like, it's short and sweet. Short and basically extra sweet. And who doesn't like chest, right? But that doesn't take away from any other body part because I still like arms. It's a little bit longer than chest because it's a two muscle groups. But an arm pump is especially as I continue to get leaner. Like, it almost, well, is, I'm not that lean yet. But when my arms are fully pumped and I'm extra lean and slim in the midsection, it's almost to the point right? Like, look at myself and I think, oh my arms are too big right now. Relative to the rest of me. And that's how a pump should be, right? You should be a racing issue. Like a temporary state of size where you're like, holy crap. I did not normally fucking look like this. So chest is cool all around. Very evenly distributed stats. But the stakes are low. I can kind of get a good chest pump or if you just left me alone in a room with nothing, I can get a chest pump and do some pushups. Bit harder to get like an arm pump in a room without the branching. But arms is in a pretty similar state with chest and obviously so it's back. And then shoulders too. It's almost done too, at least for me now because they're so big and developed. Like, I just have to hit them every so often as the end of it. But legs, the cool part is half in doing it and half in having done it. Right? Because it's like, what gives things value? Typically scarcity. So how many people actually hit legs extra fucking hard? And if you've got at least a little hint of a chip on your shoulder is a lifter, then doing things that not a lot of other people are willing to do is cool. That is the flex for you yourself. Because you get to think like, you know, I'm fucking dying. Right? You just re-rack a, uh, hopefully like a five-plate squat for 10. Like physically it's an uncomfortable sensation. Your damn near like, at a breath exhausted. Your quads or your central nervous system is going nuts. Like it's just simply hard. If it were up to your body, it would tell you, don't do this shit. What? Go relax. But it's the fact that your mind can say like, yeah, nobody else is willing to do this. And then you get that kind of like, uh, I don't want to say massacistic, but there's probably a little bit of overlap there with knowing, okay. That was hard. I went hard. Now done. Then you get to sit the car, scrolls on Instagram, it really is for a couple of minutes, and drive off into the sunset. Or given the, it's man. I am still not used to it being pitch black at six o'clock at night. That's ridiculous. That's what my mind. But he gets a ride off into the night, knowing you killed him. And then after a while, your legs are going to show it. Right? You're going to start to see in separation between tear drop and that, like, get lateral head and the, and that lateral head won't be caught. Lateral insertion, the outside sweep of your quad, and then you can see that little like, medial, femoralists, something or other like that, you know, but it does take a one. And that's, uh, you know, that's something where I can't pinpoint exactly like what sort of tip I could say about it. But, you know, if you're looking anybody who's got something you want, or if you're looking at anybody who is somewhere you want to be, then I'd say overarching traits is that they did that thing, or they'd practice that thing. Every day, or at least very consistently, you know, five days a week, six days a week, four years on it. So the main difference between you and them apart from fucking time is that they're doing the shit on the regular. They're clocking in hours. And ideally, it won't even feel like work because you enjoy it, especially these lifts like, I don't come to the gym and thank you. I'm putting in that work today. It's like, I want bigger legs. I like training. Everything's just kind of hit me right, you know, but looking at it, kind of long term, guys who get shit done simply takes small steps every day, indefinitely. You know, I'm getting close to I think like 2,200 lifts in a row or so. Like the macro track or my phone, it's got 1,200 and like 70 days tracked. Like you can't just fast forward that process, but you can hop on to the train and then you're, you'll be on track. I didn't, yeah, you see physically be on track there, you know. But it's, so that's where it's not necessarily an awesome idea, I feel to try to compare yourself with anybody who's like crazy ahead of the game in terms of whatever results you're aiming for because they've been doing it for five more years than you, you know. That's like trying to, that's like the, you know, asking if, I'm telling it was my training thought. Well, who's going to be smarter, right? A fifth grader or the fucking 12th grader, right? Or the guy who's like a senior in college and don't bring up, are you smarter than a fifth grader? That's, those are just random GMG, uh, geographically questionnaires. That's not real, like knowledge. You know, so it's simply a winning game and anybody who is comfortable with cardio on the regular, lifting on the regular calorie counting and either restriction or like making sure you hit specific goals on the regular than they're on track and they know it. So what's extra cool is, once you get that support structure in place, you're no longer thinking okay, will I be able to make these gains? Will I be able to reach the goals that I'm aiming for? Like, if somebody can stick to a calorie deficit, work out, do their cardio on the regular, get good amount of sleep, stay hydrated, and not let anything mess up their routine, then it's not a question of if it's simply a question of when. And that's what I like the most about the working out because you, uh, you can get a pretty damn serious amount of control over the back end because it's all you. It's completely individual. You know, nobody's going to, nobody's going to push you into it, nobody's going to really stop you from doing it, at least as long as you don't let them, you know. If you got, if you live in a household that isn't really lifted friendly, you know, like everybody's eaten, not to sugarcoat it, just like trash, nobody works out. It can be kind of hard to break away from that pattern. So if that's you, like, you know, command you for getting after it. But it's simply a question of how long are you going to stick with it, and then then you almost get to think, all right, is this something I really want to do? Not something like, do I really want to see if I can do it? It's like, all right, I know I can do it. Should I, or should I not? You know, you're sitting at the damn menu of, uh, some kind of restaurant. It's not like, will I be able, uh, if I were to mistake, will they be able to make it? It's like, no, they'll do it. You know, you'll be able to make this, this kind of shit happen. But it's simply, uh, now I'm just going to circle saying the same shit over and over again. I'll finish it with this. We all know it, right? What's going to happen? If you take a guy who's never worked out before, and then over the course of three years, he worked out near every day. Let's just say six days a week with a rest day. Did his cardio learned about tracking macros? What do you think is going to happen? I, uh, I can predict it pretty easily, and I think you can, too, to the point where I think it's not even worth saying. Goes without saying. But let's, uh, let's stop chatting. Go make this leg thing, it's starting. Let's get real with a controlled squeezing set of seated curls. And then we can go from there. Oh, This again. Oh my god. Holy crap. One more thing. You know, when I was warming up, how has he been ready to do the full stack? I didn't even do it in two, two, fifty is a bit much. Two, thirty-five is the sweet spot number for this. Yeah. No, I can't. Okay, I gotta. All right. Let's move on to Lake Extension and then keep this back and forth going. So with these Lake Extension, I have two goals in my mind. Starting at myself pumped. Obviously, that's basically a goal. Every set. But secondary to that, or maybe probably balanced in my value is I want to prime my quads for what's next. I'm honestly starting to get a little itch for some barbell squats. Not like heavy, so I've ever done, but maybe a little bit lighter. I'll see if I end up following through that, or if I think it might be a bad move. But either way, with these Lake Extension, I'm gonna go for a little bit of a back and forth. Probably 10 rep, 10 rep, 10 rep, and then burnout with five reps alternating. I just seem dirty. I like it and I can go harder doing it. Like if I were to sit here and try to do a full straight set to failure, it's almost like I can't go as hard as I can when I give them a little bit of rest pause action. I like saying it like this, a straight set, this is fresh, this is petite. You basically shoot straight towards fatigue linearly, but doing these sort of pause rep styles are alternating kind of a rest pause set. It's like the left leg is getting fatigued, and it gets a little bit of rest. It gets fatigued, and a little bit of rest. Something about it just works for me. And as a starter set, absolutely perfect. So let's just make this shit up. Nah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Much. Oh, my gosh. Yeah. One more, just like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. This little block is perfectly placed for some self assistance. Now, I don't need help on the way down, but help on myself get the weight up and let go and ride the force. That's solid. Let's just take one step to the right. Get some land curls going before the next set of pressing. Now, these will be similarly executed as the seated curls earlier, but even a little bit lighter. So I really want this squeeze to burn. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. One more, the same way. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. All right. Let's go press something. Only four plates, but I want the sets to be nuts. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. That was good. One more like that. Oh, give us a. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. I'll start using a little too much lower back and glutes. Let's switch the plate for 25. Do one more.5000 yeah Holy crap. Yeah, hamstrings are freaking. Dog. I think let's finish with some leg extensions. Maybe some leg press superset in TBD. Quads are, and I quads with legs are coming along well to make. Team exec style is right in the beginning. Some alternating five-web sets. First that'll be heavy. Then action might be a little lighter. We'll just have to see. Alright. Now it's next set. that has a strong potential to be in. This one will be a little bit different in execution. Instead of just throwing the shit around, which is definitely wrecking my quads, slow second-ish hold at the top, then down. So, the reps are slower, you manifest the teeth all, feel for me, trep is more, so my fatigue rate will be faster, at least on a rep by rep basis. There's a fight to say here, try to sling reps round, you probably do like 30 or more something. But if I do make sure so, I just long had to get squeeze on top, I thought I could accrue an image faster, but let's make the shit happen. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my gosh. Time for a fucking post down. Or a freaking post down, I mean. Yeah. All right. Framewise should be just about freaking good. And those squats hit me extra hard. I'm sure if you're looking closely, you will have noticed that that second set actually had a little bit more umph behind it. The, whatever song I was listening to the time was really getting me going fucking nuts. So, right when I got onto the bar, you know, just give me that, now give me that classic squat sensation, which honestly, I don't get from any other movement. Like, I've done crazy heavy bench. I've done like some pretty insane sets of rows and like super whatever, but I, uh, I guess maybe if I did heavy dead lifts, I might get the same sensation, but there's nothing that gives me that same like anxiousness, heart pumping excitement as a barbell squat. Smith squat just doesn't do it. And maybe it's something about the danger factor. Because you're never really going to hurt yourself through with Smith squats unless you really, just screw it up, right? But let's, uh, let's stop chatting and just actually seeing how legs are looking at me. Oh my goodness. Reason when we have a separation. Oh, so that's what I'm really in before. I want the back of my hamstring to really round itself over like that. I'm getting better opposing it. So, by smushing my leg into itself, I'm kind of making it appear larger. But half of that is also just, get bigger hamstrings, right? Because there's almost a certain roundness over the backside as well as the front with the quads. Oh my goodness. But I'm really feeling the deficit now. Oh crap. Let's say the rest of this post-lift discussion for the car. Get out of here. Okay, and that should all mean work in just a minute right now. So that was a good one. That was quite, yeah. That was barbell squat there, if I could sweet. I can't believe there's a time when I did not even, well, it took me a little while to get into it. I'm not going to sit here and try to say, yeah, you're not doing, you're not doing, like, multiple sets of barbell squats and you're like, days really? Can you kidding me? Like, no, I'm not going to sit here and say that. Nor do I think should I? Squats are kind of tricky to get into. It's not just like, all right, grab the bar do it. There's most certainly a learning curve, which is to be expected. I mean, they're tricky. You get a lot of shit going on. You know, the amount of, like, moving parts of a leg press, not that many. You know, trying to roll your back and have a good brace, but that's it. All you do is bend your legs and then straighten whereas with, with a squat, dude. You got to keep your balance. You got the weight loaded at basically the highest position possible on your body. And then when you go to, you know, actually load it, you're, I mean, here's wobbly as you can fucking be. The only way you could get wobbly or would be if you were doing, like, overhead squats, where you were holding the bar, like, an Olympic lifter, which is, I mean, that's like totally its own freaking thing. But, here's wobbly as you can be. You got to use your lower back, you got to take good breaths and brace, you got to be, you know, and then you're, what do they call it? Keep your girdle strong, so you don't just mean it, crumple yourself. I mean, we've all seen the squat fails, the squat fails. Frankly, they, they kind of get my stomach turning, like, I don't even want to watch those videos when I see them because it's like man. Yish. You know, if you ever see somebody squatting with that safety, that is not something to be emulated. I can't stress that if freaking enough. But it's tricky. It takes a while to get into, right? So in no way am I trying to say, like, you know, barbell squat. Lose our, but I do think there is a crazy value to the barbell squat. And half of it is because of how much activation you get from it because, like, yes, there is obviously value to, okay, I'm doing bodybuilding style training. I should be much more isolated with my movements, leg extension, leg press. I'm not using a lot of other stuff. You know, I literally stopped a few of those sets of RDLs because I started to use my glutes and my lower back too much. So, yeah, I mean, usually it's okay. I have a targeted muscle. I only want to hit that muscle and minimize all other activation. But there's something about the overarching load of the squat. And the fact that you are, I mean, basically built for it, in a sense. Your legs are meant to keep your body moving around. If you want to bend down and let's go back old school, you're pillaging, right? You're foraging whatever else. You got to jump to do whatever, like, that's what your legs are meant to do, man. So, loading them in that way. You know, I don't expect to be saying this. Very primal training, right? I'm talking maybe not exactly a liver king style, but it's kind of what your legs are meant to do, right? I mean, all, at least, most movements, you can kind of relate back to just, you know, you're meant to push ship. You're meant to pick ship and pull it. Or you're meant to, you know, it's just what you meant for. It's very rare in nature, I guess, that you'd be sitting on a, on a leg extension machine doing burnout reps. But apart from that approach, with some guys really get into that a lot. And they're like, only functional movements on it. I don't necessarily subscribe to that ideology so much. But all I'm trying to get at is the squat is like, I mean, it's the bench press for your legs, you know, there is something about it. And again, I think it's half of the, what I was saying earlier about, like, the value of things is often correlated with it's scarcity. Very rare, you see anybody squatting heavy, you know, because it takes a while to reach a point where you can squat heavy. There was a guy next to me, I don't want to just like clip him or anything. But he was doing, I think, like, some four plate front squats. I think he was doing some four plate front squats for reps. You know, if he can show on me up, I'm doing back squats. You know, I'm doing the easier version. But all that's to say is, there's something about the squats that just can't be emulating to be, you know, and be it like emotional, be it the fact that you really use your entire, like you get your whole center of nervous system firing, because it's such a, like, I mean, I'm sending signals to my entire body during that set of squats, which good or bad thing, like, if you put little probes on my forearms on my biceps, I'm a triceps, I'm a chest, my lats, my lower back, and my abs, and everything, because you get to stay, you know, pretty tight, so you don't hurt yourself. It's just an awesome movement, you know, now, is it the best for quad growth? What does that question even mean? You know, obviously I'm so going to do leg extensions. I'm still going to do leg press. But the barbell squat, there is something to it, which cannot be emulated. Even by smith machine squats, you know, smith machine squats are closed. They're not bad. I do like them. And the stability that they provide is very nice for getting into the squat and sort of learning it. But I think reaching a point where you can barbell squat consistently is something to strive for. And by barbell squat consistently, I mean, you know, do legit working sets on the regular and not hurt yourself every time. So another way to look at that statement is don't try to max out every leg day with an insane amount of weight and get crumbled. I've had to do that before. I mean, I didn't have to, but I did anyway where a guy who's like, you know, same what going for a PR, you want to come help swap me. You know, and we got three dudes spot in the student who's doing way too much weight, like five plates too much weight. And let's just say, if I were a betting man, right, if that rep was something you could look at on sports books, yeah, I think I would stack it against his favor, unfortunately. Intimately got smushed. At least we had the safety, I'm like, you know, a foot and a half level height. But if you push yourself to a point where you do in a hard set of squats, you know, ten reps, eight reps, minimum, and you're at a reasonable weight. Let's say, I mean, I don't remember what weight I started with with my squats. I, um, I guess I'm glad I don't have an on video. But when I started working out, I mean, I'm talking back soft more, or I guess the summer after my sophomore year of high school, that's when I got, I had my dad buy me a, think these weight stands to put the basement, because we already had a barbell and plates and dumbbells and a bench, like an adjustable bench just from, you know, my dad had him. But we didn't have a rack or anything, so we had these hundred, like, hundred dollar weight stands. Super fucking dangerous. If you're going to get like a rack for the house, get a full on like, cageed rack with safety bars, because I mean, there's some pretty tragic incidents that happen with an unsafe setup for bench and squat, you know, unsupervised environment. But what I'm trying to get at is, like, my, I could do maybe a plate, and I think I tried to do maybe 200 pounds, untrain, like, this is, me just trying to mess around, do some one rep maxes in the basement at 16. And if it wasn't for the safety, that were like a foot and a half off the ground, so it, like, barely caught the bar before it smushed me. I don't know what could happen there. But, you know, obviously you gotta start somewhere, you know, so even if you're starting weight for a set of 10 to squats is a plate, that's badass, because two weeks later, you know, get yourself excited, make sure you're well rested, try a plate, and a 10. Two weeks later, try a plate, and then, even 15 extra on the side. Then before you know it, plate and 25 plate and a 35, two plates and a 10, two plates and a 10, two plates and a 10, it's 20. And you just move your way up from there. Now, there's slow improvements, but they are improvements nonetheless. Like the heaviest that I've ever squatted is not necessarily because I was stronger, or, I mean, definitely not because I was bigger. It's when I could just squat consistently without hurting myself, right? If every squat session that I had, I could come in and push myself to the max, finish your heart, say, to squats, come back home, recover, then come back for the next leg day, whatever that was scheduled. At a 10, at a 5, at a 25, if I'm feeling really crazy that day, and shim in, before you know it, you're going to be hitting PRs reasonably regularly. Now, it might just be one extra rep without, without, without weight, you know, like, let's say you're rep in 315 for 10. You're really getting yourself excited, I want to live in it. I freaking want to live in today. Come on, you get your song playing, you have 13. Boom, you've literally broken in a new ground, and looking back, I mean, I remember when I first benched 315, I remember when I first did, like, I did 450 once at my college gym, that was, and my butt came off the bench too, so that was kind of a scrappy rep, I wouldn't really count it. But like, those 1 rep maxes I've done did not even give me as much enjoyment as like 10 rep maxes or new rep PRs with certain weights, like, frankly, I think the 1 rep maxes fucking overrated. Now, if you have power lifter, different story, that's your thing, but for the general lifter dude, I'm thinking, like, I want the 10 rep PR to be a new ballpark, or to be a new, what's the real thing? To be a new, like, a new staple rep presentation of strength, right? Like 275 for 1, whatever, 225 for 10, or 250 for 10, that is a real ass number. And then, you're not going to hurt yourself, because you're not overloading your body with so much weight that you never ever do in your daily life. And it's actually a good set. Like, anytime somebody 1 rep maxes in a workout, like, okay, I'm going to do quads today, but I want to start with a 1 rep maxes of squats. Like, all that work that you did to do that 1 rep max, I don't think much of that was really effective working sets. And now, if you said, okay, today for quads, I want to do a 10 rep max. I want to, I want to pick a weight I've never done for 10 before, even if it's only 5 times above what you've ever done, you know, previously, then that set, that PR that you just hit actually did have some stimulating value. That's a, that's my little message here. I want the 10 rep PR to be the new, to be the new goal. That would be pretty freaking cool. But either way, solid leg day, those barbell squats are really getting me excited. Those are going to stay. I just have to try my best not to go too heavy right now, because obviously, diving down, I don't have the same recoverability as I would fully bulked plus, you know, if I tweak my quad right now, it's, that's just because I'm being stupid and I go too heavy. So I think four plates felt pretty pretty much within reason, not too heavy, but heavy enough where we still have you set. So now I get to go home feeling like I did, like, go stand in the car, you know, those sets of squats were hard. I sat down, I had to puff up for a minute, get my, you know, reset on myself, but in doing so, like, oh, he grabbed that fucking hard. All right, get up, do it again, you know, like that's the fun part. And for the uninitiated, you know, for the non-lifter, they don't see the appeal, you know, they don't get it. And I don't blame them, because from an outside perspective, what do you, I couldn't even imagine what somebody who doesn't work out to think about somebody who, like, you know, squats like that for fun, or for, you know, further on enjoyment, but we know, we understand the freaking value. So I'm going to make sure I get a good night's rest, not overshoot my calorie limit, which is really my primary goal. Oh, right now, and then get ready for a solid chest day tomorrow, which I think I'm going to get some dumbbell bench going, but I'm going to head to the store. So it's, I guess, you wouldn't be watching tomorrow, because for you, it would be today, but either way, that'll be a double upload. So little grocery haul should be the video either right before or right after this in the, in the queue. I got to, I got to organize all these in a playlist. I'll try to do that tomorrow too, but either way, I will see you in the free grocery cart.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 70  - Chest - Approaching a Lean Machine [OC4Z3KSLUyM].txt ===

This was almost a planet fitness chest day, but yeah, someday. Damn. It was really hoping it was like two stairs or something. Planet fitness dropped the freaking ball. Honestly, it used to be 24 hours, 24 or seven. Now it's like, I'm even spoiled with the one I've got. They only close at nine on the weekend. I'm in Friday. I've seen a couple where they actually shut down a like six or even five. Not fucking cool. So what other anytime gym is there? I think we know the one. So that'll be good. That will be good. Last chest day was some little bit too heavy incline Smith as the starter movement. So for this one, I want to change it up a touch. I think I've got an inch for some cable press. So still, I mean, a reasonably heavy press, right? But slightly different. Because with this instead of really trying to load up a ton of freaking weight, it's going to be a bit more controlled squeezing. So it's like instead of starting a tricep day with crazy, heavy skull crushers or like close grip bench, really just trying to maximize how much force and tension physically feeling that's kind of what I'm doing with a really heavy press for chest. It's really starting with a lighter, rope extension, much more squeeze emphasized and the difficulty from the reps doesn't come from simply doing them like it's hard as you can. It comes from really having a deep kind of methodical flex on the top. And then just repeating that as many times as possible. So that's something which I think I don't emphasize enough is of course it's going to be a good set to pick a heavy weight and go to failure around eightish reps, minimum. Even a heavy set of like 14, it's still pretty solid. And if you go above or beyond those numbers, it's not like you're suddenly making no games. That's just kind of the ballpark estimate. I like to stick between first and heavy sets. I think that's a great set of just move the weight around. So as much as I like three plates on the incline barbell for 12 or something with maybe two assisted reps, I also like a lighter set of cable press converging to half the stack ish for like 20 and then hitting failure that way. So that's sort of the key component which balances out all sets in terms of style, movement, everything else is no matter if you're doing a heavy set of 12 or lighter squeezing set of 20 or maybe like a rest pause set of like 5, 5, 5, 5 or 7, 7 or whatever. Over archingly I want all of those sets to have one thing in common. I go as hard as I can and at least approach failure. And that's a little bit of a convoluted term now which it totally shouldn't be. It should just be basic like muscular failure is you can't do another rep but it's uh there's a lot of talk of all it's you know you should leave three reps in reserve or you know I never trained a failure even like you know sorts of characters are weighing in order and frankly I'm going to be out of the under the position of go as hard as you can most of the time. If you know that there's benefit for you to do some pump-ish style sets like at the end of this chest deck when I once I've finished some heavy pressing or you know maybe some lighter squeezing pressing or whatever I've done most of the work of the workout and I want to finish the set off with some pump work and really try to just fill my chest up with as much blood as possible from post down as well as just for the benefits of all the fucking extra blood flow of being pumped on its own then I might do a set of cable press where it's a lightish weight and I'm really just getting a big stretch and hard squeeze at the bottom for 15 or so and it's not to failure. It's sort of just a set to like satisfaction now and it's and it's just like that of course but I don't need to go to failure but for most of your working sets most of the work of the workout it's leaving anything in the tank I see that as a negative and barring like oh my shoulders kind of I got to ease into it for my knees like assuming all is well health-wise shoulders feel good all you're doing through all right and you're about to do a set of you know hammer strength press you get to five reps okay you're feeling it you get to eight reps all right I get to hold at the top and take a breath for a second before I do these next two you do two with a breath in between they would go okay I can maybe do two more maybe let's rack it I consider that at least a small oh at least to a small degree some level of failure and not muscular failure you know so that's where I'm much more interested in the guys who really push themselves with the training because that's not something you which you can just listen to like some workout tutorial video and they're gonna explain like I think it's so strange that all of the working out tips that get talked about it's always purely like form execution how should your sets look it's I never hear about like how should your sets feel and like how excited should you be about it and like you got to really just like go nuts when you're actually doing this this uh trying not to swear as much of you but I never hear that I almost never hear like run hype and excitement talked about at least you know except for like an ego gym screaming kind of edit but that's a I don't think that really counts that's that's just generalized height but if you were to take two guys doing the exact same workout written out form you know I guess if you wanted to make it really balanced you'd say 80% of your max or like somehow you could value it where it's like they were doing the same weight for every movement and it was like you know failure failure failure failure two epic nerves or whatever I don't know the guy who's really excited about what he's doing he's got his music plan he's really getting into his own before every set he has a couple seconds like like a little bit of excitement building before he goes after and then he makes it happen that guy is gonna go harder get a better workout get a better pump then the guy who does these sets with a much more calm state of mind and over time that is going to reflect in the results that the two guys get so as much as you as much value as there as there is and all the like you know make sure you do this perfect mezzo like dude the guys who train the hardest get the first and I guess you got to add one more caveat and the guys who train the hardest for the longest go the first you know because without that training the hardest part I mean I'm sure we've seen it there's guys in the gym where they've been working out doing the same workout routine the same lack of cardio routine the same you know maybe getting a decent amount of protein but not really leveraging they're diet very much so they're training for a long past time but are they really going as hard as they can you know so it's that's where you can do the exact same workout and in a years time be the exact same dude which I it's I hate to see it because if you already come to the gym you took your pre-workout you're taking your creativity you got all your multivivatives you're watching workout videos you're literally working out six days a week or however many days a week and you're not making gains you're doing 90% of everything right but you just got to push it past that extra 10 to really start to break through the barrier right like if somebody I guess what's a good estimate you know somebody can have a nine foot vertical there's still not going to touch your amp you know they could have a nine and a half foot vertical where's done you gotta hit that fucking threshold so I'm gonna get some music plan get extra freaking excited and amped up and let's let's go make this chest they happen as predicted incline cable press perfect start and you gotta be trick you this one because I'm not trying to go crazy heavy because if I do then I lose the complete point over what I'm trying to do here which is really squeeze like a mobile and if I overload it to like the full stack I'm gonna use so much front delts and we fucking stupid so let's just go nuts here hmm yum you YUM you you nuts you smoke one more just like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Let's turn this into a respawn, actually. So, it's intervals of five. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One more with the drops down. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That was some good slowing controlled pressing. I think let's do a back and forth style. Pressing set, then a fly set, then a couple fly sets, and that'll probably be it. So, let's, I think some straight up peck deck is going to serve me nicely next. So, that was a very slow and controlled set of cable press. So, let's counter it with kind of a quicker basic set of flies. I'm not going to sit here and do a full one second hold and a two second eccentric. With this weight based on the feel of rep I just did. By the time I pumped out ten of these, I'm going to be doing tarials. And my main concern is the same thing in the pressing. I'm trying to keep from punching. There's the more I hunched the more front delta activate. So, I'm trying to really suck my shoulders back here. So, these flies look more like this instead of like this. But there's going to be some cable flies next, which are even more isolated for me. Let me just pick it up. Yeah. Cool. Come on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One more just like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's do some machine press. So, when the trick I like doing every time I use a machine press like this is I add these plastic like clamp style clips in between like the the bumper of the arm and the upright. Because it gives me an extra inch or so and a half of range of motion. And, you know, as much as I'm walking myself into that joke, that is a big inch and a half. Like, if it weren't there, it would feel way too tight in the beginning. And I'd probably hurt myself. So, that little bit of a buffer gives me a much more natural starting position. And I can just get straight into it instead of half and like round over and wrench. Because that's how natural for me. Like, I'm never going that deep. So, why would I want to load that position to get the weight set up, you know? Like, you don't curl 100 pound dumbbells into position for a bench. You put them on your knees and you throw them up. So, no need to make the set harder before it even begins. But this would be a little more squeezing focused. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know. You're okay. Oh, crap. Let's make this next one of the drops it and run it up. Yeah. Okay. No. Okay. Let's finish with some cable flies. Three out of four movements done. I'm out of a light. I'm not sure I explicitly said it, but I was planning on two sets of cable flies here. But if this superset is as good as I think it's going to be, then that will be it. So portion one in front of the body flies with some upper chest bias, which once you get to the point where you can just like pop these things in command, it's not so, or it's easier to specifically kind of target like different portions of your chest. But I can get the bottom of it flex right here, but the top is still soft. Or if I raise my arm up and I kind of feel like I'm scooping my elbow inward and up. The now the top part is fucking tense and the bottom is still a little bit relaxed. So that's just, you know, mind most of the connection we all get the just kind of just comes with time. But first portion, we more upper chest focus flies. And I still feel my whole chest, but mainly upper is what'll be targeting. Weight light enough that I can do at least 10 reps quick with full range of motion before it breaks down to some partials. Then drop the weight by about half and finish with like a pump style set like I was talking about the car. I'm not going to go to complete muscular failure where I can barely move, but I will go until I feel like I've completely built my chest up with as much blood as possible. Then we go to the side room and see how they look. So let me, let me get this J-set it going again. I got to work season two of our cane season one, it's pretty good. You know. Yeah. Okay. Come on, come here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Let's pause down. I guess I just say we're pumped. Same thing. So, one, two, three, four, five, six. Seven set chest day. That's about freaking right. You know, any more volume at least today specifically. I don't think I'd be any more pumped. Any less? Probably wouldn't have been enough. I'm reaching, I'm okay. Let me finish my thought. But I'm almost kind of considering putting the pump checks on hiatus just so that I can have a little bit more abrupt, like lifts to lift changes in leanness that are actually more noticeable. But maybe that's just not even freaking necessary. Honestly, I feel pretty nuts right here. But let's, let's run through a couple. Woo. Woo. Woo. Woo. Woo. Woo. Kind of breathe a little bit less heavy when I do these. Oh, I get it. What else is there? Oh yeah. Class of glad spread. Oh my gosh. So, waste. Feeling particularly thinned out, especially compared to, I mean, just a few months ago. Okay. Now I gotta catch my breath and do one more though, so that's actually pretty cool. Oh. Oh, good. Well, I would say that's a pump more than, more than freaking achieved. Let me do one more side chest sort of old school style and then let's get out of here. Oh gosh. Well, that's what I mean for there. A good chunk of fucking striations, and especially paired with, I don't know, I trim waste. I don't see even just sitting there like that is kind of nuts. I mean, I mean, we'll be a little closer. There we go. Yeah. This is getting fucking crazy. Oh. Oh. I can tell I'm starting to break a sweat, even just by standing here, doing this posing. But this lift is not over. I'm gonna add a touch of cardio after these lifts from now on. Except for legs. Legs is gonna be hard enough on my lower body anyway. Adding some more cardio might just kind of stress my system. Is this? Yeah, it's backwards. So I'm thinking maybe just 15 minutes on the seat of bike. Nothing wild. That's not even really gonna feel that hard. But it is gonna add up. Because for me to do these 15 minutes, it's not gonna feel like much. But if I do this for the next four weeks, it's 28 days, time 15 minutes. Uh. Oh, what is that? Damn near seven hours of cardio? Actually, exactly seven hours of cardio. That's a lot. That is a freaking lot. And that's kind of the theme of working out at all. It's like just the small incremental unnoticeable acts adding up. And then over time, you get to say, holy crap, where it all means fucking games come from. But either way, I'll soon in the car, but now you can't fatten, play some crash royale on the bike. Oh, okay. I am ready for bed. You're gonna sleep. Maybe not exactly like a baby, because a baby is in a state of growth. I am in a state of, well, dining down. It's a slightly different, I'm not even slightly. Very different state of being, but you get the gist of what I'm getting after. I am gonna be sleeping hard. So postwork at meal? Oh, give us. Probably can make, I don't know. I don't know. I'm not gonna need just one big one I might have to sort of, maybe a bigger meal and kind of a snack issue me up before I go to sleep. But that's gonna look something along the lines of. Accumulatively about a pound of ground beef already cooked. I got a, I mean, five pounds of ones I got to sit in the Tupperware, which, when all you're really into the freaking ground beef, it kind of goes quick. But, some ground beef, some kind of sauce, low sugar to no sugar. I did some low sugar barbecue sauce earlier. I might change it up and do a little bit of burger style. That's where, I mean, just take a, some ground beef in a bowl. Catch up mustard, relish, low fat mania, maya, low fat mania. There's, I'd say, low fat mania, no. Low fat mani makes the whole kind of thing together. And then if I'm really feeling crazy, I'll grab one of the low carb buns and sort of make, like, deconstructed reconstructed burger ends up being pretty good. But, really, I'm trying to stay away from the low carb buns because, or the low carb tortilla is too, like, if I really want to eat something like that, then I will. But it just kind of, I mean, they're very fibrous. So, and by that, I mean, they have a lot of fibric, and I'm, so sometimes it can, it can make your stomach feel a little funky, the too many of those, right? There, as much as they are, a pretty damn cool tool to get around the fact that you can't really eat or just dedicate a carpsour, as when you're dieting, at least not a lot of them. They're not a complete freaking cure-all. Because then if you eat a ton of them, you're going to kind of like, basically just get bloated, because they, you know, they go through all sorts of processes to make them low carb. So, as much as there is benefit to some tips and tricks, you can't get around the fact that dieting either, up or down is just going to be challenging. There is, uh, there are certainly things you can do to make it easier, right? Like, if you work out consistently and you do your cardio consistently, then you can actually can eat more food than somebody of similar statuette to you who doesn't do those things. And you can still be getting leaner, because you're burning more energy throughout the day, right? If you've got two campfires, and one of them has a leaf blower blown on it, which is making that fire burn hotter, then it's going to take more fucking logs quicker. In the other one, that's burning a bit slower, you know? So, that's going to help when you're bulking up, make sure you eat foods that are easy to eat, bowls of fresh rice, like, I usually don't like prepping the rice, because if it sits in the fridge for too long, it can get a little dry, and then it's not as enjoyable to eat. So, I usually, uh, that's why I really like the microwave of ones, because it's like, it's done right there, not a huge mess or anything, but they do come with, you know, some added carbs and fats. Or some added fats, obviously there's a lot of other carbs. But, as easy it is to, uh, or as much ease as it gives you to evenly spread out your meals throughout the day, you can't get around the fact that you have to hit certain thresholds before you notice the results that you want to see. So, dieting down, you know, as much as I could, uh, or as much cardio as I could do, and as much working out as I could do, and there's no getting around, I just don't have that much foodie, you know? So, it comes down to, okay, this is the situation at hand. I want to get leaner. I'm doing this much cardio a day, I'm doing this much working out of the day, I'm burning this much energy a day. I can only eat this much food. And if I go over, I'm not going to eat my goals. What I set out to do, I have failed, and it was in my own control, and I just said screw it. So, you know, there really is, uh, some value, not even some value, a ton of value, to being, uh, being a little bit harder on yourself there. And by harder on yourself, I just mean, like, connected with the goals that you're trying to achieve, because it's very easy to think. Well, you know, it's not going to be summertime for like six months, right? I don't need to die down right now. It's, uh, do it. Christmas is coming. Really, you want me to eat a small Christmas dinner? What do you think? We just had Thanksgiving, man. You really expect me to die at three Thanksgiving. Come on. It is so easy to, uh, and, I mean, for me too, I could think of a million reign of mass excuses to, uh, as to say, like, why I should just go crazy, get some ben and jerrys and some, uh, like, some McDonald's and just go, uh, say, eat until I'm totally full and satisfied. Not that I'm really thinking that, but like, for anybody, it's very easy to come up with reasonings until, like, sort of, just hem and ha on your mind and think, okay, well, I mean, you know, like, you know, and what it really comes down to, the thought that is really just bubbling up, causing those little arguments for yourself is simply, uh, well, that's going to be hard. You should probably do it easy way. That's going to be uncontrollable. You should probably do it the comfortable way. Holy shit. Two deer. Goodness. But, you know, that's the thought process you're fighting. Because you've got your conscious brain that's you making your thoughts right now very actively. Then you've got your subconscious and the subconscious, you can't control it, right? That's why, uh, that's why every time you're sitting on the cardio bike and a random thought pops in your mind, like, you didn't, you didn't conjure it, it just kind of happened, like, ah, dude, this is getting hard. You should probably stop. And that's when you have an option. That's where you can either, right, show some grit or show some quip. So you can think to yourself, well, what the fuck man, I want to do this cardio. The fact that it's hard is why I'm doing it, so I can come out better at the end of it. Now, it's not like you do one thirty minute cardio session and now you're suddenly a new man, but if you do it hundreds upon hundreds of times in a row, a new man could actually be a pretty damn good description. All right, I get tagged in all sorts of posts on the Instagram, the TikTok and everything. I'm always scrolling through them, like, same with the comments. I don't know, I don't reply to all of them as I used to. It's getting to the point where there's too many. Awesome problem to have, but the tag posts I look through a little bit more diligently. And the reason for that is because I just saw one earlier, if I wasn't driving, I'd pull it up. It was a TikTok of a guy. First picture, tank top, you know, maybe load 200 pounds soft, like, kind of a younger dude, high schoolish. The next slide, it didn't seem exactly how long it had been since that first picture was taken, but dude was lean. Dude looked like he worked out. Absolute insane transformation easily within the range of a 40 pound drop and fat. And I doubt it took that guy that long. Especially when you're a little bit younger, like, you can just flip a switch. Your metabolism is already going nuts because you're still in kind of a state of growth until you're probably, like, yeah, I mean, fuck, you can get up in like 22, you know? Like, you ever hear guys talk about how your metabolism kind of takes a hit, just basically once you reach full size as a guy, that's fucking true, man, right? So, what I'm getting at is insane fucking fat loss transformation. That's what I love to see because these guys get such an awesome grasp of every aspect of little working out. The calories, the training, the cardio, the consistency, and in their mind, and not even in his mind specifically, he must have had a moment of realization where he said, alright. This is where I'm at right now. I know where I want to be. I know what it's going to take for me to get there. Let's make this shit happen. And then he did it. Boom, right? That's fucking sweet. So, that's where if you know you want something, then if you can break it down to the point where you can visualize and know exactly the steps that it's going to take for you to get there, then those subconscious thoughts of like, oh man, why are you doing this? This is getting hard. You just go home. Like up for cardio sleep in a little bit. Suddenly, you're going to be freaking, let me with a crack. What's the word I'm thinking of? Totally killed my, totally killed my pace there. In prayer. Oh yeah. Suddenly, you're going to be impervious to these damn like creeping little like back off, lazy, and this kind of thoughts, because you're holding freaking steadfast to whatever goals you want to achieve. So, the idea, at least ideally, you'll reach a point where the idea of doing anything that's counterintuitive to those overarching goals that you have, it's like, it's laughable. Like the idea of, oh my goodness. Like if I would have rolled up to, if I walked into the gym and I ran into somebody, you know, let's say, a seam on time. I don't know, one of my buddies and he's like, dude, screw cardio this morning. Let's go get breakfast. Let's go do whatever. Not happening. Like, what are you fucking talking about? And for some, that is a pretty strong antagonizing force against their goal achievement, because that situation is pretty fucking frequent. I mean, how often is it that you or, oh, let me just say you, for example, you've been, you know, kind of half invited to some kind of plan, some sort of night, whatever, where you say, well, dude, I'm working out at six, man, I can be able to make it or dude, I'm going to be late, man. I got to, or dude, I got to get up early. I got cardio tomorrow. I can't go out tonight. You know, how often have you ever had to say that? And then the response from whoever it was that was asking you was, oh, dude, yeah, fuck man, you're right. I know that you want to get after it. You're good. I know that's going to be a, you know, time more well spent for you. Probably zero freaking percent more likely, but guys, you're going to say, dude, you work out all the time. You're working out like a million times a week, bro. You can skip one workout. What's one workout, man? And for anybody that's really locked in with a thought process of, oh, what's one day off, bro? Come on, just like, it doesn't happen like that. That is coming purely from a perspective of who cares about what your goals are. And as unfortunate as it is, not really anybody, you know, like, if you want to kill it this year, let's say you're aiming for a badass, upward of like 60 pound kind of fat transformation or fat loss transformation. You don't have a cheerlead, you're just what? Like nobody is really coming for you to wake you up in the morning and say, come on, man, let's go get your cardio, you're doing good. I was about to say, going and done at the same time, but come on, man, let's go get your cardio done today. Let's do it. Come on, you said you wanted to do it. Like, that's not an often, but if you do have a support system like that, make fucking use of it, right? If you got a, if you're rocking a father's son, do oh, to the gym or, you know, you got a crew with you who's going all the time, that is awesome. But that's not very often, right? For the most part, it's always just you. So I don't mind that because I think it's, I don't know, I kind of like the fact that it's an individual thing for me. All right, I can really get into it. It's all in my own control. I'm going to go as far as I want with it and I'm going to be as dedicated as I know that I want to be with it. So it's almost like, well, it's like I almost, I feel like I feel cool that I don't need a huge support structure and it kind of just validates the fact that I want it to myself because it's like, I know I don't need anybody saying, like come on, see, I'm getting on with it. Come on, see, I'm getting up into your cardio today. Come on, man. I know 30 minutes on the bike. Come on. You know, because I know that I want the goals that lie beyond doing that. So if you have a solid grasp with solid visualization of what you want to make happen. All there is to it is simply making it happen. And the problem with that is it just takes a while. Games are not quick. Like this is a multi year endeavor for most to reach whatever, at least approaching whatever end goal that anybody might have working out. And I'm definitely taking it much further than necessary with how nuts I'm trying to go. But even if it's just like, okay, I want to get back into shape. I want to get back to be able to run a couple of miles. I want to get back to just whatever. That is absolutely awesome. So don't forget the feeling of what you, of what it feels like when you're imagining yourself where you want to be. I try not to do that all the time because I feel like when you really think about and get height based on where you're going to be in the future, it can almost sort of take away your drive. I'm getting a little bit abstract in my thoughts here, but it's like the more you think about your end goal and you're getting excited about it. It's almost like you're replaying the idea and giving yourself the same dopamine release as if you've actually already made it happen. So it's like anybody can want you to tick-tock at it with like Jocco and David Goggins and you know Tom Platt's. Yeah, I am working out. Yes. And then what's that energy's gone? It's like what happened? So that's where I really try to hold onto that and not run it over too many times in my mind. You know, because I want to be more excited about the day by day steps because if those get me excited, then it's never going to be a question of am I going to wake up and get my cardio going? Am I going to push it hard in the gym? Not only do I want to because it's simply pushing me further into the progress that I want to reach, but it's just what I like, you know. So eventually you reach a point of comfort and confidence with what you're doing, where you can reach that state. Because in the beginning, workouts definitely feel like work if your excitement isn't really like maxed out. But I mean, I can't even remember at the last time I've had a workout planned or scheduled or whatever, where on my way to the gym I had to think, and I really don't feel like working out right now. And it might be a bad thing, but even when I've gotten no sleep, like I've had a couple times where I worked out, I had to stay up all night for whatever reason, primarily procrastination, like back when I was in school and I'd have to do an all night or something. But sometimes, just so we had scheduled, like if I had to go somewhere in the morning or whatever, where it was like full night, no sleep. And then I recorded it. I don't remember when it was. This is way back, but I guess if you remember the video just by me referencing it, then you're a damn historic viewer. That's, you've been around a while. But I had not slept the whole time, and then I went to go do legs that morning anyway, because I was like, well, I gotta do legs today. It's make this shit happen. And it would have been better for me to just try to get a little bit of rest, even just two hours or three hours of sleep before I went to do whatever. Like that would have just been better. But, you know, in my mind, I'm like, I'm working out. I don't care what state of mind, let's go make this shit happen. And I'm even during the work I was fucking exhausted, but I still felt really good after work because I was like, or I got to think to myself, okay. My preparation for this lift was terrible, but still killed it. So it's almost, there's sort of a disconnect or a, like, a rift in working out where it's like, there is what is objectively optimal. But then there is, like, the die hard, gung-ho, run your head through brick wall approach, which I do think having the mentality to do that. And then start to approach the optimal side of things is where, well, that's just a good overlay or a good overlap of legitimate, like, smart training as well as, you know, knowing that, no matter what happens, you're still going to fucking get after it. But, that was a good chest day. I'm really excited to get back to the computer and actually, like, put this together and look over the clip because, you know, it's cool, like, I don't know how to explain it. But, like, looking at the video, especially with the fancy lens and everything else, like, it almost looks extra cool. There's, you know, it's like, it's cool to look at yourself in the mirror. And then it's, when I go back and check it out, it's, like, I got a whole new perspective when I look at the, the edited version. But that's all I got. Awesome chest day. I can go to sleep knowing that I, that I pushed myself towards one of my main and four. And then I got some cardio in the back day tomorrow. So, I will see you then.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 71 - Back - Officially Veiny [Uxa5bPQE-3Y].txt ===

So intro there will be a new intro in very soon very soon I keep just looking up like random copyright free music and then eventually the music gets copyright strikes and then I have to switch it but it's probably about time for a new set of intro poses I was uh so to be completely honest with you I was kind of trying to set up a thing where I could have like basically instead of the white sort of rectangular look in the background I was trying to see if I could figure out a way to like you know not just like CGI like actually have like a fireball and be the background I um I think that idea might be a bust for that it's uh that might be a little bit too much risk of first degree burns as well as uh well whatever so who knows maybe there are actually a new intro for this video we'll just have to see but either way they'll come back with a little little tune but speaking of updates with uh with all the Sam shirts and stuff and the hoodies those are shipping out they've been going uh they've been going the last couple of days that orders are actually kind of getting fulfilled so if you were if you were curious about that things are moving but it kind of takes a little while I think we're not I gotta pull up the analytics again but there's only like so many that are getting shipped out like per day like they're not all it's really hard to get that kind of stuff moving but yeah those are getting shipped so that whole process in the back end word kind of trying to streamline it make sure it gets a little quicker and then for anybody for any of the UK fans which it's about getting close to 20% like when I look at the YouTube stats it's like I think 30-ish percent state side 20-ish UK maybe even like 13-y UK and then it kind of dwindles down from there but yeah I know it's uh that's a big step in terms of the back end of that sort of stuff is having inventory over there already but we're working on it so as time passes that'll all be much more just what's the word have much more of an ease of use that kind of a quicker delivery but in terms of what's actually going on tonight with back well just a back pump rose pull-nance pullovers of some kind of order exactly what that order is I'm not completely certain yet but I'm sure I will find out and I'm okay with that you know I'm not coming into this back day with the with the goal of making sure that I hit a set of three plate end of our ball bar rose for 12 and you know make sure I progressively overloading like right now I'm not progressive overload state you know I'm so fur those unaware when I'm bulking up like if you watch any of these videos where it's like this bulk day whatever that's when I'm moving around a lot of weights full of carbs strong physically getting bigger and stronger so that's where I'm pushing it and I want to be overloading the weights progressively but dieting down not exactly the case right if every lift I try to come in here and lift the head east way like a possibly move well let's just say a beef you know having much more tweaks and pulls than I do now which right now that's zero right I haven't tweaked and pulled anything for a little while and I want to make sure that I don't like that's up there as one of my top priorities don't hurt myself so it's uh the weight isn't so important like I'm trying to stimulate the muscle of already got built I don't need to try to wreck it and really try to build it back up because I don't have the fucking capacity right now like if you're in a steep deficit all your goal is every day is stimulate your muscle getting enough activity to raise your basement avalism and then restrict your calorie intake but it is still high enough that you can recover musculately right maintain all the beef you've built up but you know just trim off the fat on the outside so what I'm really concerned with more now than ever is just having a lift get a pump go home now it's still gonna go hard that's it and no way am I trying to say I'm gonna take it easy or anything but leveraging the weight side of things and dieting context or carb depleted context especially in my like size not necessary so that's uh even though I might still throw in a couple heavy sets here in there of like something extra heavy for the most part what I'm really focusing on is a reasonable squeeze and then once this sets over having felt a solid amount of activation burn we all know the same fucking key words right so that's what I mean before in the in terms of changing up this back date compared to my last ones I'll just have to see what I'll just have to see what speaks to you know last back day was a lot of uh single arm pull downs followed by uh followed by what oh yeah followed by some cable rows and then some regular barbell pull downs and then some machine rows I think so I'll make this one a little bit different but not like completely you know off the wall because all I'm trying to hit is the main three groups in my back lower lats mid kind of lats mid traps and then a little bit of money kind of up a traps like ramboy Terry's major kind of freaky stuff those are those little like I look at most of this right underneath your weird delts but right above your lats so as long as the end of this lift during the post down I basically hit my back from all angles I'm fully pumped and I can tell I win hard and I stimulate in my back then that is all I'm gonna hit before so I think no point in no point in the elaborating at any further it's just gonna make it happen we've moved in number one being a good set of stray par pulled them moderate pace reps and then we can go from here I I almost started with seated row but I don't know gently jump out of me in the feel of reps uh yeah yeah You You You Do You Oh One more I got I'm really starting to feel that 100 grams of carbs I've already I guess I've only eaten But good service it Let's just fucking do two more same style same everything Let's do a rest pasta Rest pasta set with seven reps of time Oh Oh Oh, me wish yeah, let's do a row next as a good contrast between pull down then the wrong movement and I think some single our Action might be just about right so This cable setup Is actually perfect for what I'm aiming for Because I can hold on to this handle right here Give myself a good braising position and then Single on cable row and what I like about this more than like a dumbbell Is every foot That I move this weight or this handle the weight only goes up half a foot So if I pull this shit at like five feet a second The weights only actually moving up two and a half feet a second So what that means is I can't build up as much momentum You know like on a pull down like the Well like the pull down the cable is immediately Directed straight to the weight this has an extra pulley So with the pull ends you can kind of wrench the weight in the beginning and get it moving and then ride the momentum But since you can't build up so much momentum here because it's got this pulley kind of reducing your What's the word here? Well, either way the pulley makes it so you can't just rip it Like you're gonna feel much more constant tension which in the slow rep of course is gonna be the case But on the cable I just like and more so let's start with the left side Affiliated Do Do it! Oh my god, okay. Oh, I forgot about... Let's do two of these. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. All right. I might move the way a little quicker on this next one, but that was a very good counter to the last focus pull down. That movement number one was. Oh my god. Yeah. Oh my god. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. All right. That's enough of that. That's just something left focused. So this will be much lighter than the two sets that we just finished. So only 50 pounds on one arm for single ampulovers. 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, kind of an alternating like rest-pastile. But still hitting both sides at once. And the benefit that I get out of this isn't the last isolation. Like it is, but that's not the highlighted point. It's the hard squeeze I can get at the bottom. Because for me, if I do a rope pull over or a bar pull over or whatever, it's like for one thing I end up getting some lower chest like a dumbbell pull over, which I don't want. But also I just can't really squeeze as hard. Might just be a me thing. But when I grab one single cable, turn a little bit away from it, and then act like I'm holding a damn sword or a little like a sore fin dagger. And I go to sheath it right on my hip and really squeeze. I mean, I can feel my flat flexing all the way down to like the lowest part that it inserts down here. So, could just work well for me, but I guess it works well for me, so that's why I'm doing it. So, right at first, or left at first. Yeah. No, I can't go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. That was good. I kind of had to call it pre-failure, because it's not like I need to go to a point where I can barely move it in inch. I just sort of reach the level where it's like, I can't really get the same squeeze. I mean, before. Another lot of folks movement, but not this. It's changed up a little bit. This was a staple movement in my little basement gym, because the rack, the power rack I've had had a pull-up bar with these narrow grip attachments. But usually I'm not a huge V-bar pull-down fan, but when you put two of these parallel handles together for a pull-up, I do like it. And it's a very strong setup. So, I mean, this is going to be a legit set. I'm going to make these a little nastier instead of slow and squeezing. There. All right. Oh, oh, oh my goodness. One more I got. Fatigue is fucking hitting me quick. Like the first tempo, good, man. This last three were if I can trick you. No way. Oh my gosh. That might actually be freaking it. Let's pose that. Good, damn it. All right. So that's intake too long. Get it. Two sets of pull-downs. Two sets of sing-larm cable rows. Two sets of pullovers. Two sets of pull-ups. Yeah. Eight sets, man. And my traps, my lats. My mid back all the way down on my lower, whatever. All feel pretty freaking pumped up. Oh, let's do it through a pump to cover. Through a pump cover, last breath, and then we'll really break it out. We're approaching a V-taper, good, damn it. It's going to get freaky here, but this is a pretty cool level to be at just now. So, let's start from the front. Oh man. That seems to be in the back. Oh, my goodness. Yeah, it's hard to hold these damn poses with a backup. So I'm going to back and run it into itself. But wait a minute. I'm skipping an important pose here. Okay. That's pretty much freaking all of them. So, I'd say that was more than successful. Back pump, back separation, detail, everything else. Simply getting freaky here and freaky here by the day. And they kind of hold out of the shirt to help me get a little erected reaction. Oh, holy crap. I don't know if you guys have ever heard of a good dude named Back as Zilla. But I'm giving myself some back as Zilla vibes here. And it's crazy to him, but yeah, this is second cool. Let me do one more. You want me? Well, pump to shit. Let's get in the car. We are done. Okay. So this is just a few seconds after watching over that clip of the pose down. I'm not new to Backvades or Backvades are not new to me. That's territory which is kind of been explored already. But especially honestly, even that the second little like flex imposed I did where I held my breath, not even as vain as that fucking first one. That was awesome. Can't remember back. So heavy was a freaking set off the car alarm. But yeah. That is most certainly new territory for this dieting phase. And that is what gives me just an insane proof of the shit that I'm doing is working and the uncomfortability that I'm going through is hang off. And I'd be like, I'm not dying here. But I'd be in line if I told you that I was completely comfortable. That lift in terms of overall energy and like, I guess you could say sort of like set by set in Durance. There's low. I've had a hundred string of cramps of carbs today. And once you get to, well, maybe not once you get. But if you're a goddamn 230-ish pounder, 130 grams of carbs is not a lot. Like I'm as flat as I'm going to be right now. So it kind of, I mean, that's the take. You know, the give, lean, you know, continually getting leaner. The take is, you got to catch your calories, you got to do your cardio, you got to, you know, deal with the sort of detriment that come with dieting, which in a training context, which probably hits me the hardest at everything. You're not going to be a strong. You're physically going to be a, well, I say, physically going to be a weaker, that's the exact same thing. But you're going to be moving weights and getting more fatigued from them more quickly. So that's where I can still leave today satisfied. Even though I felt a little bit extra tired. Like I could tell I didn't have the same strength as I would have before. Like that single arm sets of, or those single arm rows, when I was sitting on the cables. Like when I'm fully bulked, that's, I mean, that's nothing. Like that's light squeezing weight, whereas today, I mean, that's slow set. 10 reps was like pushing it. Honestly, I probably should have gone a little bit lighter. I might have been, you know, letting my inner ego out, ego lifted out just to touch. But even though that's the case, what were my goals walking in? It wasn't lift the most weights I've ever lifted. It wasn't feel like I'm the strongest who ever been. It was stimulate my back, get a pump, and leave knowing that I pushed myself pretty hard. All three of those boxes are checked. So that's what I think kind of throws people off and is a little bit of a deterrent from anybody really getting into like a serious, bulking phase, dieting phase, even just like working out phase, is because there are difficult aspects like that. You know, like I am, you know, all here this a lot from people where they totally have an motivation to want to get like get in better shape, start working out more, start like eating healthier. I think everybody has an internal motivation to do that at any level, you know? Like if anybody is, let's just say you're, you're data, whatever you're talking about, working out, everybody in their mom is going to say, yeah, I should probably hit the gym more. Because we all know it, we all know that that's the case, but what really sucks is all here this a lot, and it's basically like, well, you know, every time I, every time I start really tracking my calories, it kind of, you know, brings up like bad memories of like when just, just anything, you know, like, you're stressing about how much food you're eating, and then it's like okay, well, I already overshot my calorie limit. Now I'm, now I'm uncomfortable with myself. Now I'm going to eat as a little bit of like a coping mechanism because eating food is a total dopamine release, like eating a big ass bowl of something that you really enjoy. It gets your brain going like crazy. So I'm not saying it's simply like a mental weakness thing. You're hard-wired to want to do that, but there is a certain, you know, man upness to it where it's like, yeah, I probably would decimate a bag of white cheetos puffs right now. Historically, I have done that. When I look back at the shit out eat when I was younger, it isn't that's protein like zero, but I'd be, I'd be in like bags of croutons, full family sized bag of those, and goodness, but what I'm saying is, if I had no specific driver goal that I was aiming for, then run in purely off of my body's instincts, if my stomach had control, bag of cheetos puffs, two spicy chicken sandwiches from Wendy's, even though they make my stomach upset, something about the spices, and about a quart of vanilla ice cream, that would probably make my stomach feel rather good. And maybe that's a combination of stomach and tongue because I get to taste it too. But that's not what I want to do. That's countering that. That is extremely counterintuitive to the goals that I want to achieve. And don't forget, you're the one that's in control. It's so easy to blame like cravings or just whatever, but the guy piloting the goddamn mech that is your body is you right in here. This 15 pound blob that is your brain, and you've got to be able to say to yourself, look, sure. It might feel kind of good for 10 minutes to go crazy in the kitchen. But afterward, you are going to feel worse, right? So it's, it just kind of sucks there, but I'm going to lose on my train of thought with this police activity here. What do you think is going over there? Well, either way. What I'm trying to get at is, yeah, there's hard parts to it. But with anything, that's what has a result afterward, right? Typically, this is a classic sort of self-help mindset. It's like the shit that you really want is hidden behind the shit that you really don't want to do. So I think everybody would love to have six back apps. I think if you could press a button that was like, would you like to be instantly jacked? And I'm not talking like 250 pounds of pure muscle. I mean, just a 180 lean, or whatever your goal is, anybody. You'd probably hit that button without anything in the bag. And this isn't a genie where it's, like, a monkey's paw sort of thing where there's a catch. There's no catch. Everybody would hit that button. But when you add the stipulations of, okay, well, you got to not eat whatever you want. You can eat food that you like, but you can't just go crazy. You have to kind of control it and track it. You got to work out a couple hours every week, do some consistent cardio, and do all that for a few months on end. And not really see massive noticeable changes except for, like, you know, every couple of weeks, if not every, like, month or so. Like you'll still see a steady declaim on the scale. Like you'll drop a pound a week. But dropping one pound of body fat, if you've got, like, 30 to lose, that's what. I mean, 3% of a change. It's not huge. Now, 3% of it over, uh, 3% of that change over the course of 10 weeks, or 20 weeks, or however long you lock yourself into a dining phase. That will add up pretty substantial. But day by day, you know, it's not much. So that's where you got to really make use of your fucking mind, because I feel like one of the biggest distinguishing features of, you know, man versus animal is our ability to instill and enact delayed gratification, right? So, okay. Let me think about this. Would future me prefer if I work out, get in shape, or would he prefer that I sit around, play a lot of things. I'm around play legal legends and gain a bunch of body fat. Anybody, I think we know the answer, but that's where current you get in the way. So it's like, well, you know, I probably would like it if I was locked in. Like if I could go back in time and completely revert the last six months and have already been locked in, then I would do that. Nothing has changed. You have another like, you know, assuming all goes well, you got another six months where you're going to be able to look back on these six months. And it's going to pass anyway. It's going to pass like that. I mean, I, I feel like I can remember pretty vividly as if it was only like not that long ago when I was like 16 lifting in my parents basement, you know, getting hyped up to whatever I was listening to back then. And then trying to gently re-rack the weight, so I didn't wake my parents up because their room was above the gym. Like time is fucking passing quick. So, you know, the sacrifice of locking yourself in now is well worth the fucking reward of having been locked in for that amount of time afterward. And when I say that, I kind of feel like I'm just like projecting this idea of like all this hard work that you do. Now is going to pay off, which it will, but for me, at least, it doesn't necessarily feel like work because I enjoy doing it. And that's where I'm a little bit spoiled because working out is definitely like my thing. You know, I'll go on pretty long talks about this. I think everybody should work out. Everybody should have a basic workout routine at least like three times a week of weight, base sessions and some cardio. You know, even just like three times a week cardio and weights would be a massive game changer compared to zero. And that's, that's only every other day. That's less than 50% of the days that you go and work out. And that's a huge jump from anybody who completely skips the gym altogether. So, I do think everybody should be doing that. But everybody should also have something that they can really dive into on the regular and try to progress and get better. So, for me, those two things overlap, which makes it a bit easier for me to be extra motivated. But even if you're not, like even if the work isn't your main thing, let's say you're a bad ass drummer. And you want to keep yourself in shape as well. So, the work and out might feel a little bit more like a chore. But that's where I think looking, and this is just like my own conjecture. I'm just kind of hypothesizing here. But I feel like it would be a pretty motivating thought to think, okay. If I could completely change the way I acted and the way I've been working out the last six months, I would. So, I've got another six months ahead of me. I'm going to be in the same position I'm in right now, then let's make this shit happen. You know, but I, you can't force it. So, all I can really say is, if that's something that you want to do, nothing's stopping you. Right. Set aside some time. If you can be a bit more consistent with it, it's probably going to be easier. Let's say you've got to, you get off of worker school or whatever you got to do during the daytime. And you've got an hour and a half set aside that you can consistently dedicate to working out in some capacity. Even just four times a week. I say that is fucking bad ass. So, I, I feel like sometimes I'm talking to like I'm given advice in sort of two very different perspectives. Because on one hand, it's the guys where the working out is your thing. Like you're taking this extremely hard. If you were to look back over like you're like, you know how your phone has like watch time. And you can see how long you've been playing on different apps. Like if you were to look over these guys' minds, the thing that they probably think about the most is working out. I feel like I follow them to that category. Because it's like nothing I'm doing is more than a few steps away from the gym. It's okay. I'm going to get in recovery for the lift tomorrow. Okay. I'm eating this. I'm counting these calories, you know, in context of whatever dieting phase I'm in right now. Okay. I'm going to do this this in this today. When am I going to like, it's probably, for the regular dude, that's way too much. I'm reasonably self aware about that. But there's also the guys where it's just everybody should be working out in general. And that's like groundbreaking tips or anything. I think we all know this. But that's where you don't have to take it like to Tom Platt's intensity on the regular. That's cool when I think it's extremely like motivating and high-panducing. But if you're just trying to stay in good shape, showing up is 75% of it. Easily 75%. Like showing up five times a week if your goal is to get into solid shape. That's to record as I've been right there. And if you can show up consistently, the results will simply appear. And then, you know, if you want to keep pushing it, that's where I think leveraging the dieting side of things. Can really start to make a huge difference. The thing that I think platos the most lifters across the board is in training intensity or training consistency. You're like, they're training style or they're doing a science-based or they're doing this program. I don't think that's it. If you're working out consistently, I think the main thing that's going to stop your progress is the dieting side of things. So that's why you're never going to hear me stop talking about the macros and the calorie counting. Make sure you can find out what your main goal is or things like that. As well as the consistent cardio, that's just a boost all around. But I don't know, it's not making this a cardio rant. So that's all I gotta say there. But awesome back day. And I am beginning to increase the rate that the freak factor is improving. So what I mean by that is I've said this a couple of times before. I think when I started this dieting phase, I dropped about 12 pounds of carbs and water in about maybe two weeks or so. So that's not fat loss. That's just I'm not eating as much as I was when I was bulking. So I'm not so full of extra water and muscular glycogen that everything else. So that's just kind of like fluff away. It's not fake. It's intramuscular. It didn't make me look like extra big. It's not really there. It just kind of comes in and out. All right. It's like you got a gas tank. So I'm gonna just follow some of that. It's empty. But since then, I feel like I probably had about, I don't know, maybe 15, 20. Maybe 25 pounds of body fat extra that I'm trying to peel off. Right now I've got about 10 pounds. Ish left that I want to get off my frame. So put me around competitive weight that I'm aiming for. But those first three pounds, like I just said about that percentage, it's barely a 10% change in leanness. Not much. But now that I've only got 10 pounds left, for me to lose another three pounds, is a 30% change in leanness. And it's also kind of an exponential, like improvement, because the closer you get to lower like single digit body fat numbers, the crazier you start to look at. It's kind of like this if I can exponential sort of curve. So I foresee that for a week's from now, I'll be double the freaked factor that I'm at currently. So it's almost- it's almost like I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, kid on a Christmas morning. I just- or I guess you can say Christmas Eve, I just can't wait for that time to pass. Because the things I'm aiming for, and the way that I'm going about it with the calories and the cardio and the working out, like I've pretty much got that downpacked. So it's almost like I'm just getting excited like okay, one is one of these four weeks if I can pass But you know I'll keep you updated the bad That's all I got there what is today December 16th for you December 17th It's almost Christmas man. What's on your freaking wish list? How about have I that let's get a little comment interaction? What's uh, what's on your Christmas list This year for me I'm not totally sure I'll get a bad habit. I don't really make Christmas list so sometimes my family nags Maybe they'll like they didn't know what to get Maybe I'll come up with something but either way I'll see you for an arm day tomorrow Maybe a little bit of arms and shoulders I'll let it go Like add a little bit of delta action there but Don't see that

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 72 -  Arms Breaking into Hour Long Cardio [VbYM1g8XKWk].txt ===

Yeah, alright, you know what, let's do, let's do no intro for a little while, see how that goes. For the guy with a new intro the last year and a half. Let's get right to it. I had no point in dilly, delling, hype me up. Only one thing is about to get done. And that is a reasonably freaky arm pump, which has its own hype onto itself. But how much do you really need to add onto it? Because not every lift is going to be like a game-changing PR-added lift, room-shaking, screaming event. And I don't think there's supposed to be either, you know, because if that were the bar, every lift that you ever did, and if you couldn't hit that level of like hype and excitement, then you know, you just wouldn't get any results, then each. I don't know if I didn't be interested, you know? I mean, that's like, it's all cool and good to get extra crazy, excited like that. And maybe I'm just saying that doesn't really get me going as much. Because from me adding come up with working out as more of a group activity, kind of a solo kind of thing, parallel play. Like everybody I'm working out with who I'm buddies with, you know, they're doing their own workout. You know, get a spot here and there, but for the most part, everybody's kind of just focusing on their own stuff. But, you know, that's kind of a, that's sort of a positive end of drawback of the highlighted like hype. Shit that gets posted all over like, well, just everywhere. It's good to get to you excited about the work I'm out. But it's only highlighting the cool parts, you know? I noticed this a lot. I look at all the fitness videos specifically in like a different lens now that I've kind of been behind the scenes of them. People do not post leg days as much. Posts videos about them doing their cardio or just sitting in like track in the calories. And all the things that make up the framework of why they're fucking jacked. It's always just straight up. I think chest days are the most popular out of them all. Followed by arms followed by back. Shoulders is up there too, maybe, maybe tied for second place. And then legs and all related. There below there are their deep here, not a little in that little list. So that's kind of a motivation of, okay, well, I want to post shit that gets, that gets a lot of like views and engagement. That's the whole point of posting. So, maybe don't record my leg days. Maybe, you know, the skip legs, maybe he cares. I can record it anyway. Let's just go ahead and chest today. Right? So it's almost like the situation of knowing that, okay, a lot of people are watching this stuff that I'm doing. Like, I'm putting myself in the mind of anybody who's got reasonable influence. Is that okay? Well, people don't really care about leg days. All right, I show only post when I look absolutely insane and post the coolest lifts, you know, but there's more tooth in that. So if you're only looking at like the top 1% or as a viewer, if you're trying to compare yourself to, perfect lighting, cool, like fancy ass fucking camera. So look, you're going to look way different with like a big ass, like Sony lens versus like your phone camera. Lighting, fully pumped, fully vaney. I got to say lighting again because it can play such a crazy role. And potentially like straight up Photoshop shit. Like if you're comparing yourself to that 1% that gets shown around, then you're asking for fucking trouble. You know, so don't forget there's a lot of stuff in the back end that isn't so glamorous, but it's much more important. Right, once the cool is part of the impairment, the top, that little pinnacle peak. But if it weren't for all the extra shit underneath holding it up, there would be no peak, right? So at least from my perspective, that's where I get most excited about like, okay. Obviously, when I post down for this arm pump, I'm going to feel fucking cool. But I know that the only reason that I'm going to look leaner than I have been. Ooh, ooh, ooh. Leaner, look as though I'm getting leaner progressively, is because I've been putting in, making sure that I track all my calories, don't exceed my limits, doing, I mean, fucking hell, and now we're getting up into the hour of cardio for day range. This is getting kind of serious. That's what's all resulting in that end state. So if that's the case, okay, I want to start working on it. I want to have some bad ass, or I want to make some TikTok pump posing at it, so, right? Well, maybe I should start doing more cardio, maybe I should start tracking my calories, and leverage my diet towards the specific goals that I have. Definitely train hard like in that case, I think everybody gets that part of it. Make sure my recovery is a good compliment to the intensity of the training. And then, just keep up the pace. You don't have to be red lining it, lift after lift after lift. But, you know, if you're up in that 80, 90% range of effort consistently, as time progresses, I mean, I look back at, oh, geez, I need to compile all my old pictures. Like, I get a picture of me in the basement from like four or something years ago, doing like a side chest pose, time fucking flies. Or time freaking flies, you know, I kind of broke trying to stop swear. I'm really starting to think about it. Because it's so weird, I never talk like this normally. It's only when it's like me and you and the car and the gym, something about it, just turns me into a gosh dang sailor. But I really, I mean, I've been saying this forever. I really am trying to back off on it. So keep, keep note, if you notice, superior to time where I don't drop any F bombs, maybe it was a bit of a nice little favor. If you can give us a validation of what the, like, the guy who comments the F bomb counter, I want to get to a point where that's zero. But it's more of a back end goal. Primary goal number one, let's go get a nasty arm pump starting with some triceps. No need for a lot of weight for this start, especially given the fact that I'm dying down. I mean, you're not going to see a set of, definitely not an opening set of push downs where it's full stack, three plates on the side with a straight bar. I just think you're moving. And this is me talking to myself in the past. Let's just move in a way to move it. So about 120 on this stack with two moderate length de-handles. And instead of just doing a rope extension, which the primary fucking, like, feature of a rope is the fact that, like, well, let's just say this is a rope here. As you do the rep, you can pull the handle apart. So instead of just pushing down at the bottom, and having this like separating force, just helping these squeeze my triceps. But instead of the rope, sometimes I like throwing in these de-handle sets, because it's just like this, just more interesting strength curve, because instead of like an overhand extension, it's kind of like underhand of the top, and I almost transition to a little more overhand at the bottom. So it's just like a different sort of squeeze, you know, that's comparing this to this. And it's subtle, but it's different enough that it makes a difference. So a few sets of these, and this will be light squeezing. Like, the fact that the thing that's going to make this set hard isn't, you know, even just moving the way in the beginning. It's around like rep 10 or even 15, once fatigue is built up, and I can't even reach a stretch position. That's where the set will really begin. And then the rest fits kind of just like building up exhaustion. But let's just get it going. I might add like some, I might look up like gym background noise, and add it, because it's dead silent in here. It's almost a little too ominous, but I can. That's... Do it. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Okay. Wow. One more like that, but I can probably go one notch heavier. Not much, but just a touch. Yeah. No. No. No. No. No. Okay. Okay. That's the one more. I don't feel like I'm ready to move on just yet. One more, still doing me good. Same way. No. No. No. Okay. Let's do something a little heavier and faster pace. That was good for a light squeezing, like slow set. So, no, I kind of want to counter it. Okay. So, the full stack with this cambered nut, I guess. You want to say straight bar, I want you to say bent bar. Well, either way, this will be right. And I'm not going to be so. Like slow and squeezing and holding these reps, I'm going to look very different. Much more kind of pump focused, not really stopping any point. And just like consistently beating down my triceps is sort of how I'm imagining it. No. No. Oh my gosh. Let's come back to one like that. But next, let's stay right here, but doing overhead set. A little more stretch focus. Actually, a lot more stretch focused. No need to change anything. Same style, but a little bit slower and now overhead instead of standing. And a good trick with these, I like to get it back. One cheek of the other up against this upright for support. So, I don't have to like reach out here and like try to balance. Like I'm locked in. Two points of contact on the ground, one point here. I'll only get to focus on those by triceps. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Yeah. Okay. Oh my gosh. Let's do one more like the set that was done before this one. And then decide if triceps need any more damage. They feel pretty fucking cooked already. Pretty freaking cooked already. And this, I want to make like an extra quick set. So an add a difficulty of moving the weight a little bit faster. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Yeah. That's enough for triceps. Now the question is, do I want to start with the dumbbell curls or cable curls first? And there you're both down below. But I think I've got a good idea. If you guessed seated cable curls, you would be correct. And these are, I'm gonna, you basically have a couple options. You can do a real wide grip. These are going to go a little bit more than you know. I remember the gas, I want just now close. And this time we'll be closing at eight o'clock. This time we'll be closing at eight o'clock. It's good to know. But these are going to be a bit more narrow. And I want my elbows in front of my lats, so that this feels natural. If my elbows are, besides my lats, then how am I supposed to do a curl in here? It's just going to wrench my wrists. But that's the plan for our set number one. And we'll just go from there. If I get a good song, it's good. It needs to be quick. Oh my gosh, okay. Let's do two more just like that. Maybe even three. I don't know. I feel like I almost don't have my feet. Oh my gosh, okay. Let's do two more just like that. Maybe even three. I don't know. I feel like I almost don't have the endurance to do like ten different movements. So sometimes diving down, I feel like I tend to make the workouts a little simpler and denser. But two more of these minimum. Two more those. Okay. One more. I feel pretty strongly about this. Sometimes I'll see guys say, oh, all you did was bench in cable flies. That's only two movements. You need more than that. For a single workout. It's like, well, do you really? You know, if I'm fully pumped, if I'm fully fatigued, does it matter? If it came from ten movements or two? Does my bicep know the difference? But doing the squeeze on this versus like a dumbbell curl? I'm not so inclined to think so. So as long as you can, you're up. I don't think you need a marathon every lift. But one more. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh, that was good. So even though I'm moving on to a new movement, the setup is actually pretty much exactly what I got set up here. Only one key difference, which you'll see in the moment. Same seat. Same cable sack. But instead of conventional bicep curls, I'm basically going to take the exact same movement. Because I'm here bending my arms at the elbows, flex my biceps. I'm doing the exact same thing. But now the starting position is up here. And I'm pulling my hands directly towards my shoulders. And a more linear motion rather than like this round arc. But I'm still not trying to work any rear delts. Any lats. I'm just trying to squeeze my biceps. And there's a combination of differences. But the main shit with this is like it's a different strength curve. And I can really squeeze at the bottom. Plus as I get fatigued, I can sort of use my lats a little bit at the end to help like self assist. Now if I'm starting using too much, then that's a cue that sets over. But as a little, it's nice. Moderately wide grip. Alright. Alright. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. One more of those. Yeah. Yeah. That's enough of those. Let's do at least one set of dumbbell curls and go from there. But if this has been a good next set, I could see that being it. And then we can just get a pop check started. Let's grab the 50s, then the 30s, potentially the 20s. Let's get those first two portions started. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Hi, well actually, the 30s would be good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's suppose that bias tries fully popped. Fully pumped. Biceps honestly. I made it overcooked them with those heavy sets of the cable curls. Like even just now, given them a flex, they're kind of burning a little bit more than a little bit more. But either way, marms fully pumped. You underneath the sleeves, they feel pretty fucking bulbous. And you know, add a nearly 100 grams of carbs a day only. That is good for me. So that's where hydration is really coming in clutch. Because you know, you can drop calories whatever. You can be flat. But if you're flat and dehydrated during your lift, you're going to feel like ship. At least if you're flat carbs, but still hydrating, you get enough water and electrolytes in your system. Everything's still fucking functions is normal. I mean, as freaking functions is normal. Yeah, sorry about that. But let's run through a couple here. This is a good arm pump. Oh. Mmm. Oh. Oh. Holy crap. Almost skipped the front lights, but it's still. You know, that haven't had it. What else is there? That's basically the gist of it. Maybe a little super managed double by shot. So one thing I'm noticing, unpumped like just at home in the mirror. Like the peak, how am I by step up here? And kind of like up here over this edge is getting more and more defined. And even right now with the pumped up, it's actually kind of taken away from that definition. It's definitely adding to the vaningists. Oh, like let me, let me, you little breath hold here and really get some of these grains popping out. Yeah, goodness. So veins are definitely improved when fully pumped, but the little details and Strations, they kind of get over, overshadowed by the pure like inflatedness from the extra blood. But either way, arms thrashed. Oh, man. Let's get the car. Lift, satisfactionally complete. Okay. So given that the year is, well, two weeks away from being over. So we're rocking, we're like 95% 90% of percent done with this entire year. So if you're getting ready to ride the hype train of the New Year's motivation, and might have a little bit of a little bit of a statement for you. Right. Name one time you have ever heard anybody were getting into good shape. And I'm not talking about the 0.01% where, you know, people like just take it too far, like insanely addicted personality. I mean, namely, guy who regrets having flipped his sort of like lifestyle around for the better. It never fucking happens. Now, name the dude who's going to say, oh, man, I wish I could get you a shape or I should of start doing this this year or the guys were, I mean, these are the craziest, like, uh, comments, but like the craziest posts they'll ever see. And it's like a screenshot of like a text message, a jacket for, or whatever. And it's basically like, you know, kind of self-hype, like, you're locking in this year. I can feel it. I can feel that we're going to get locked in this year. Like, like, if it's just luck of the draw, you know, it just never fucking happens. But again, back to what I've seen, you're never going to regret it. You're absolutely never going to regret it. And you said, that's my old stick there, right? Just like once once people open their eyes to the calorie counting and like you get a good grasp of holy crap. I, my stomach just overall, I just feel better because you know what kind of, like, the food that you're eating, the effects that the food that you're eating has. And then, you know, targeting towards a long term goal, be it bulk and up, cut it down, stay in the same weight, whatever, like, the more that you become in control of your own shit, the better. And you will never want to look back, right? I mean, it's the same thing kind of applies to life too. I mean, if you were to ask somebody right now, like, what's, like, I mean, there's so much crazy shit to, to worry about, to think about. And not that it's not like, weren't thinking about, you know? But for the most part, what do you really interact with on a day by day basis? Number one, you yourself, your body, your mind, everything else. The guys, you, you know, see a lot, be like your family, whoever you live with, be the work with, be the go school with, you little inner circle. And then whatever activities you do, right? So let's assume you're lifter, the people you get to work out with. Anything that really extends beyond that, shouldn't take much priority in your mind. But, you know, focus on the shit that you got going on. Like, you know, it's so, it's such an arbitrary thing to think, okay, well, I'm going to get locked in this year for real. And then the guys who say it like that are maybe sleeping four hours a night. Macro tracking, not even a thought, maybe work out, like, you know, every so often, not super consistently. And it's like, dude, there's a reason why you keep saying, you're going to get locked in because you're just affirming to the universe. You're not locked in right now. And I know it's like, it seems mundane. But, like, I think half of the, half of the motivation between all, like, the, like, the military tips of, like, make your bed, keep your room clean. Or just, like, basic, like, even straight up therapists, like, some of their first moves will be just helping people get their days and, like, their rooms and their living spaces in order because if you have a room that is completely covered in, like, dirty laundry and trash and shit or whatever, and you get your desk in there, that's where you're working. How do you expect to get any good work done? You're constantly going to be distracted by the fact that the whole place is just a mess, right? So, you know, it might just seem like, oh, yeah, and it's probably, like, little things like that have an overarching effect that plays into the sort of smoothness and synchronity for freaking days, you know? So, with the, with the lifestyle side of things, like, obviously, nobody's lifestyle is so bad that they're not going to make it to tomorrow. Like, you can, for the most part, you have a biological need to sleep, at least enough to keep yourself moving. Like, you can just go your whole life being sleep deprived and unrest it and basically just staying in a stressed state. Like, the human body is pretty tough. Everything doesn't have to be perfectly in order. But, that does not mean that you're still, like, just because you can get up and you can run on four hours of sleep and night, does not mean that that's an awesome, but in situation to be in. You know, so it's like, yeah, you can just get that much sleep now, but the idea of, okay, well, am I really going to feel that much better if I get in the extra three hours of sleep, I like? And, am I really going to feel that much better if I drink more water every day and stay hydrated? Am I really going to feel that much better if I start doing cardio and working out a little bit? I'm not even saying bodybuilding, like, insane muscle growth. I'm just saying, like, general fitness based, what you're going to call it. Like, just like, stay in shape workouts. Like, just come to the gym, move in stuff around, break in the sweat, you're good. It doesn't have to be way too good, just be whatever. I mean, there's guys who are just doing straight calisthenics or getting yoked. But, you know, it's like, yeah, well, so these guys have this perception, okay, is it really going to matter that much? Because, you know, getting a little bit extra sleep and drinking your water and doing a little bit of cardio. We've heard it so many times ago, it's good for you. But, it's not like, you're going to suddenly feel like you're on top of the world. And, the really tricky part is it's kind of like, it's sort of a delayed gratification type situation, because you're not going to feel very good after doing, you know, 30 minutes of cardio for the first time. It's actually going to feel pretty hard. And we sweat and you're going to be uncomfortable, you're going to feel tired. Like, it's going to take a few weeks for the benefits of actually doing that, to even start to kick in. So, for somebody who has, like, you know, maybe a little bit of motivation to do it. They can be easily dispelbed by the fact that it's just kind of going to feel like work with no reward. But, it's only work with no reward for a little while, right? Having, I feel like I've been saying the same kind of talk, the last couple of lifts all. I'll cut this one short after I get this idea out. But, it's like, yeah, you might not notice after that. Well, you definitely won't notice after that first day. You probably won't even notice after that second day. If anything, the only thing you're going to notice is the fact that you're extra tired, next to a fatigue, and, you know, you're like, oh, man, this sucks. But, if you manage to get past that sort of initial investment phase, then once you start seeing the progress that you actually want to see, that's more motivating, like being a little bit leaner, being a little bit bigger, being able to just move around better. I mean, 30 minutes of cardio, you still get, well, if I ever skit my cardio for long periods of time, it'll feel like a bit more of a chore. But, right now, especially with the deficit and, like, gradually ramping it up, like, I mean, doing the 30 minutes on the bike, and then the 30 minutes on the treadmill this morning, it's kind of just, like, whatever. It's like, I've drenched it in sweat after, but it's like, that's just what I do. Eventually, it becomes much more normal, and you sort of acclimate to the difficulty level. But, all that's to say is, you know, this year, past next year, we'll see what happens. Right? And at the end of it, there's going to be guys where they get to, they get to look at it as though it was a bust, and then guys who potentially broke the cycle of whatever they were doing, and they're free time and said, okay, I'm making this shit happen this year. And then there's the guys who've been doing it four years, who gets to just watch the whole cycle unfold, and they should have a solid respect for anybody that manages to get in. I mean, you're going to see a spike in gym members at your gym being a planet. Fitness be at a Y, be at an L.A. whatever, like, there's going to be extra people who's January. And as the year progresses, that spike will begin to plateau, but stragglers will make it through. And then, instead of having new years crowd folk, you're just going to have some new regulars. And so there's always a fresh pool of meat. So, that's kind of funky. Well, there's always a new class of lifters coming in every year. So, if that's you or if that's somebody that you know, be a bit positive, and get them excited about it. That's your responsibility as the senior lifter to do that. But that's enough of that little hype speech. Anybody that really is wanting to lock in and lock in, and they don't need to hear me say that. Like, you guys, you know what you're doing. You know, so, playing for the postwork out of meal, probably ten ounces of ground beef. Maybe, yeah, I ran out of my low sugar barbecue sauce, so I think we're going to have to go, go, just maybe just do straight ketchup. Low sugar ketchup, of course. And then we'll have to see from there. Not much room for carbs and fats, because I stopped on my parents house earlier, and I had a couple handfuls of peanut and the nms. I didn't totally like overshoot my calories or anything, but that was about 40 grams of carbs and 20 grams of fat, or so. Whenever I eat something like that, if I don't have the macros handy right then, I'll tend to overestimate just to really make sure I don't overshoot. But, you know, it was kind of tempting me, so I decided to take two handfuls. Not big handfuls, of course. Maybe like, 12 or so, maybe like 15. But, so I had a treat earlier, and now I'm going to pay the price by not having to town of carbs and my post-workouts, pre-bed meal. But that's a room, that's a okay with me. So, our career is way... ...and then tomorrow I have got a leg day, so I'll see if it ends up being heavier or lighter in the quad department. But, no way to know until tomorrow counts. So, you guys know to see that.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 73 - Hamstrings [SlfjDpOUV34].txt ===

Alright, 748, a perfectly dark time to get some legs going. Hams, quads, touch a adductor's calves I've been doing in the morning with the cardio, so those kind of, I like to separate from the main lift, but that'll be the plan for tonight. And quads I'm not going to go so crazy on. I can't, because now I'm getting into what I would really start to consider a legit deficit so if I overdue it with the quad training, I end up just feeling it, take its toll, mean-wise, kind of like just, like, sornus in a bad way, kind of thing. Like not, like more of an ache instead of, you know, just a regular tenderness from squatting, so having it just because, you know, crazy, heavy quad lifts, they demand a pretty serious amount of energy, and it's just an angel now, right now. Which kind of sucks, because it makes me a little bit less excited for legs, because the leg training is supposed to be nuts, like I enjoy the fact that legs is, like, you know, kind of an anxious experience sometimes with a really heavy, you know, sets the squats, be it like Smith, Barbell, even the leg press are really getting going too. Like it's a, it's a very full body-fucking experience, freaking experience, so, you know, to have to kind of neuter it a little bit and back off and do more, just like squeezing leg extensions, you know, not my favorite thing in the world. But in exchange, they're getting leaner and sticking with the deficit, that's just kind of the give-and-take, right? I mean, I've been saying this for a while, the training will suffer a little bit from being basically underfed. I mean, that's what I am right now. I'm not eating enough to stay the same way. I'm physically getting lighter over time. My body's being forced to use its internal resources for energy, so it'd be expected to actual, like, physical performance would begin to dwindle just to touch. And like, nothing crazy. I'm still benching pretty heavy, still doing push down to, like, you know, still squatting. Like, this squat strength is there, but, you know, it just kind of sucks half of the whole of yourself back like that. Like, there's a certain energy, like there's a certain feeling where your full of carbs, even just when your full of carbs walking around, like, you feel like a tank. And it doesn't matter if you're 250 pounds or 180 pounds, the feeling of being carb-ed up is just, I think it's even across the board. But yeah, so playing for tonight, hamstrings, quads, make sure I get them as pumped as possible. Just not as destroyed as possible. And it's been a little while, so let's head to a specific yellow and purple gym for tonight's lifts. But one thing which I have a pretty strong stance about, but I don't usually, like, force it so much as, like, the cardio and the calorie tracking and the training intensity. Like, those are the big three because those are easy to get behind. And I can really stand behind those 100% because, in a training context, that is where a substantial amount of potential results lie in improving the diet, improving the training intensity and consistency, as well as making sure that the main, because what muscle you're hitting every fucking day, every freaking day, you know, not your own touch of chest, you're dang heart. So if your cardio isn't enough enough, not only is it just bad for you at general, like, doing your cardio is, uh, there's no way around it, doing your cardio is just a good for you. But also, in a more direct response action kind of way, your training will improve. Like, the lifts that the leg damage about to have tonight, I'm gonna feel much better since I've been doing consistent cardio because I'm not gonna get so winded. Like, I'll still be huffing and puffing once you reach, like, over 230, that's just kind of the nature of it, but I'm not gonna be dying there. I'll still be able to catch my breath well enough, where on longer sets of hand string curls or radios or squats, I don't have to rack the weight because I have to catch my breath, and I'm getting fatigued in my whole body. The only thing that should go with the thing that should go first is the direct muscle that I'm trained. So calories, cardio, intensity. Those are the big three, those are the pillars which are gonna hold you up, working out wise, progress wise, and really just like walking around wise, you know. I think the baseline level of enjoyment from somebody to be in decent shape versus somebody's, you know, a little bit worse off, maybe a little bit higher on the body fat percentage range, and not in, like, a linebacker athletic kind of way. I do think the drone room group, and it's not improvements for no reason, because it just kind of feel better. This is a decent analogy, and I'm kind of, I'm kind of stepping into territory, I don't really belong, because I've never had to go through the process of losing a crazy amount of body fat, so that I, you know, I don't know your story of this as you, but if you get a carry around a 50 pound backpack, all the time, no matter what, don't you think it probably just fucking lose it, freaking lose it, I mean, it might take a while, and it's definitely not easy, but it would be 50 pounds lighter, just walking around, you know. But, but that's ever you do exactly, you know, that's not for me to tell you. But those are the three things which I can preach wholeheartedly, and we'll probably never stop talking about, and the one that I know get into is a much, because it's a little bit touchy is avoiding things that are going to hurt your gains, right? Number one, a certain little, a certain little liquid, most often found, you know, red solo cut, right? I'm talking about going out drinking, or probably even worse staying in drink, and now we're just getting into straight substance problems there. But it's, I mean, you're literally hindering your recovery, you know. We've seen all the guys where it's like, you know, a crazy part of your dude, and he gets his blood work done, he's like, do my liver school, and then in front of the doctor, he like slams two bottles of wine, or just like, look, it's as basic as this. Drinking consistently will hinder your recovery, will hinder your gains, will hinder your muscle protein synthesis, and that's just unlike a data-based focus. That's not even thinking about the fact that you've thrown off your nights, your sleep is trash, you're physically waking up hungover. I mean, I have never walked into the, especially when I was back at school. I have never seen anybody coming to the gym and say, man, we went crazy last night. I feel so good, and I feel like I'm being so productive with this workout right now. Everything is awesome. He just doesn't happen. And then just the likelihood of getting into serious trouble, I just don't see the appeal. And I've always been a little more of like the stay home chill kind of character, so I don't never really been like a party or anything like that, but yeah, guys. I mean, if gains are something you're serious about, then the drinkin is a complete antagonist to what those goals are, and it's the same as anything else. It really is just a temporary comfort and exchange for longer-term payments down the line. When I talk about not doing your cardio, and it's like, oh crap, I can't get up and do. I can't go to the gym and do 30 minutes of cardio crap. It's like something that you know you will feel good about afterward, but it has a bit of a payment of a comfortableity in the moment. So, you know, for some guys who are a little bit, I don't want to say weak will, but not so into the cardio yet. It's a very relaxing thing, a very like just wash of relief where you get to say, oh, I'm just not going to do my cardio on this day and bed. Snuggle back up, go back to sleep for now, things like that. The drinkin, not dissimilar, you know, and it's a bit trickier too, because obviously peer pressure is going to play a pretty serious role, and especially as a lifter. Nobody wants to, because if you've got a group where they all drink or consistently drink and you don't, then for you to say, like, yeah, I'm not drinking dude. I've got goals, I want to achieve the drinkin isn't really going to come off that way. That's going to come off as an attack, you know, in saying that, you're basically saying, like, at least it might be perceived by whoever you're telling this to, like, what do you think you're better than me? You think you're too good to drink with the rest of us. We are, and they kind of want to, they want to bring you in, because we all know it's bad, but it's just, you know, so. That's where my, you know, there's no point in, like, really arguing with anybody about it, just try to stay away. So that's, that's always been my perspective, but also it's like, I'm looking at it pretty objectively. I want to make some crazy as gains. I don't want to do anything to hinder that performance, you know. So the only reason I bring that up is I keep seeing a bunch of clips where after the power slap after party, because that was a, that was pretty cool. That's, that was the whole reason we got to go down and see J was because we, we lined it up. So we worked out with J that day, and then we went to that power slap thing afterward. It's pretty fun seeing all like the, I mean, it's just basically a bunch of influence or guys floating around this sort of, like, side section. There's a lot of food back there. So which was like, you know, they had this in tune of poke balls and stuff. So I was telling Mark, it's like, make sure I don't eat too much. Like, I, you know, I gave myself a bowl, and then I told them to do not let me get more, because I, if I was really going wild, I'd probably get a slam like an extra 3000 calories here. So another tip, if you're steep into a dining phase, maybe try to avoid any buffet style action. But no, I ran into a, ran into probably one of the most humble guys with some of the most motion we've ever seen in my life. It's a, a zackerific, but so we get, we got a couple of clips going back and forth. And instead of my normal one on one kind of chatting style voice, it was pretty loud in there. So I had to kind of yell out. So a little bit of clarification there, you know, no drinking was happening. And you really think I would want to hinder the gains that I just stimulated after working out with the legend himself, Jay Cutler. That same very freaking night, I mean that would be a ludicrous, you know. So that's my stance there. So if this year you can tell that's something you want to change up. I mean, sometimes the, in terms of the working out progress, it's not only adding things to improve the progress. It's removing things which are taken away. And those two were pretty synergistic, right? But that's, that's my little stick there. So let's go get in there. Get started hamstrings first, but I might end up doing like a back and forth superset kind of style thing. We, uh, we just have to see. Let's keep it simple. Start with a basic heavy set of like curls. This, uh, this one's a little funky of the normal. I think I'm more of a hammer strength fan for the seated curl. What this will work? Alright. Oh, yeah. Two more of these. Same weight, same style, same everything. I'm dealing more intense though. Yeah. Yeah. It's just, uh. Oh, okay. Oh, my gosh. Okay. Let's get this to body else. Smith machine, I believe. Two plate, already all. This Smith machine is nice because it's straight up and down. There's no angle to it, which, probably else just kind of feels better for me. But heavy enough to feel it, not so heavy that I work, it's kind of glutes and low back. Because I'm not doing this as a posterior chain movement. I'm just trying to activate my hamstrings. So I'm not even going to hit failure per say. I'll reach your point where I can tell my hamstrings. I know why I'm going to be doing most of the work. And then I'll just have to call it. But I'm going to switch over actually. I want to just pass the pull under. There we go. But these would be slow controlled. Can't really do the RDL is very thoughtlessly. Maybe just one more though, it's that. Maybe just one more though, it's that. Oh, my gosh. Alright. I was planning to do lame curls next to you. But I think one more of these will be. That'll be enough. And with the hamstring curls. Definitely a tricky one. And no way in my say it's easy. But you want to reach a point where you don't feel your glutes pulling the weight or your lower back. It's almost like imagine you have a tail and you're trying to tuck it in. Because that's all you're doing. You're internally rotating your hips. So, you know, hard to visualize, but you should just come to practice. But one more. Oh, lips. Oh, good. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. They might have to do it some of the glutes. But, hey, please, then. It's good. Can't find a bigger center. Thanks for the beginning. Okay. So, quads is actually going to be. Now, I'll do a few. But I can still feel them a little bit residually from last leg day, especially with that set of hurt those two good sets of barbell squats. They four played barbell squats is not supposed to hit you four days later. But I'll just do a couple sets for kind of the pump blood flow style effect. And I'll just record the one and I'll can't about here for a little while. And then I can cut some on check. So, the lift is basically over. This is almost more so. I feel so weird called quads accessory work. But it's like, I, you know, I just can't throw a rational right now. I'm just going to do a little bit of that. I'm just going to do a little bit of that. I'm just going to do a little bit of that. Alright. So I'm just going to come back and do a few more of those. Really just need them for a bit of a quad. So, in terms of a real quads stimulation, don't copy this part. Heavy squats, heavy squats, hard, crazy sets of leg extensions. That'll do the trick. Or right now I'm just, yeah. It sucks out in the whole life. I haven't had a whole myself back in the quads. But I'm sure I might be thinking a little differently in four months or now when I probably follow after I said a crazy squats. But either way, I can't about here. Let's go see how they look. Alright, so no pose down. Half motivated by the fact that all I did was another two sets of those leg extensions just as some quad activation. But the other half was ended up nerdin' out after the last couple sets of leg extensions, talking to a... Damn. I didn't ask his name, but he was a wedding photographers. We were going on about all the camera stuff in the lenses and the Sony's and everything else. So if you're curious, we're going to... We knew a little camera talk here. That is... and that's... it's own niche on all the YouTube videos and in of itself to be... to be looked at. But yeah. It's going to beat the phone for sure. But your phone beats nothing, right? You already have a pretty expensive camera sitting in your pocket. So if you're interested in, you know, record some stuff from whatever else. Start there. No reason to branch out anything too crazy and just yet. But in terms of starting positions, Sony basically knows what they're doing. And that's half my preference. And it's... if one of the other random camera brands came out with some newer stuff, that's way cooler. You know, I'd pick some of that. And for me, it's cool now because I get to really get into it. Because obviously, that's the way we post all these things. But yeah, if you're looking for... if you're looking for kind of a... I guess you could say hybrid camera, here's what I would definitely recommend. Probably. And it doesn't even overheat. That's like if you're sitting and recording stuff, like 30 minutes straight and you're in a warm environment. I think it's grab a ZVE1. You know, big sensor, full frame. So if you get like a Viltroc, or like a Tamron, prime lens, that has that blur effect. Like look here. Like see how my hand isn't focused, but everything else is now just a blur. Right? That's to do with the fact that there's all this glass in the camera lens that's doing all that fancyness. You know, and your phone just can't recreate it. But half the reason why that's something I look at is because especially recording on these public gyms and stuff. I don't want to record anybody here. Like get anybody's face if they're in the background, like doing whatever they do. So for me, or if you're going to recording where public having a low F-stop value lens, it's nice because you're not really jumping into people's privacy as bad. But yeah, I'd say go for the ZVE1 and then look up some used probably a 24 mil and a 50 millimeter prime lens on Amazon. Use of course. And then that's a pretty damn crazy story position. But that's my little tip there. And there should be all sorts of crazy like Christmas sales too. So some of the stuff will be a little bit knocked down. But that's probably enough nerdin' out about the camera shit. What am I gonna eat? I don't have room for much. I've got, uh, yeah, I'm gonna pull it up and drive it. But I got about 100 or so grams of protein left. Only like 20 or so grams of carbs and about 15 or so grams of fats. So I'm, uh, I think I've reached a point where ground beef can no longer be my primary protein source. It has been for a while and it's not going anywhere. I'm still gonna have some. But it's, uh, the fat and it adds up. You know, if every time I have 50 grams of ground beef, I got to track five grams of fat. 30, uh, so that's 45 calories. You know, that adds up. I don't have that many calories to work with here. So I think I'm gonna switch it up and start running through all my egg containers. And so that'll probably be my postwork at meal. A 50 grams of protein carton with egg whites. Pan-seared. Uh, even you wanna call eggs-seared. What do you want what you call that? Well, either way. 50 grams of egg whites as little oil as possible just to slick the, uh, slick the skillet. And then I don't think I have any. But I need to get some, some frozen spinach packets because those do, uh, those are really nice. Because through the whole thing in the microwave five minutes, instantly comes at perfectly cooked. And the primary value I feel of the vegetables apart from just like fiber intake and keeping all your, you know, internal movements more normal. Is, uh, the fact that it's just food with that a lot of calories. You know, so if I've got a big bowl or if I make myself an omelet, which by omelet, I just mean egg whites with anything else added. And I add a bunch of like chopped lettuce or chopped spinach or anything like that. Then it gives this bowl of eggs much more body and substance. So I really do feel like I'm eating a lot more. Even though it's only like five or six grams of carbs added from the vegetables, right? So personally, I'm under the impression that if you're eating a reasonable amount of red meats and you take your multi vitamins, then you're probably not going to have any vitamin deficiencies. So, you know, the argument of like, well, you're missing out on, you need to get all this stuff from your food if you, like, you're, like, short, go for it. Personally, for my experience, I haven't had any issues. And every time I get my blood tested and it shows all my nutrient levels, everything's within range, you know, so it's like, would it be better if I got all my potassium from eating whatever kind of potato has the most potassium throughout the day? Yeah, maybe might be a little better, but personally, it's at least right now that's going to interfere with my diet and goals. Because for me to get all my micro nutrients source from direct foods, it's going to be a little trickier and I'm going to be eating more foods and I probably want to. You know, right now is the time when it's probably most important for me to be supplementing my vitamin side of things because not eating a ton of everything. If you're eating a lot of food, I doubt that you're vitamin deficient and anything. Maybe you're vitamin D, but, you know, just takes up kind of a quick fix there. But especially if you're getting a little bit more sparse, that's where I'm going to be much more. Maybe not reliant, but I'm going to be much more consistent with like my electrolytes, making sure I don't forget my vitamins every night. Things like that because I really want to make sure I'm hitting all angles from my food intake. And the electrolytes, I probably say is even more important because I've only had 100 grams of carbs today. That's not a lot. And then when you add an hour of cardio in the morning, plus a workout later in the evening, it really doesn't feel like a lot of carbs. So if I'm hydrated, you know, I've got enough electrolytes in my system throughout the day from like packets or whatever else or just eating some salty foods, then at least my, because that's how your muscles work, but they don't just contract and release magically. It's all about sort of this like a electrolytes potassium back and forth of everything. Like you got a, you know, any biochemical majors would know what I'm really trying to explain here. But if you're running that, if you're running a little electrolytes, your shit is not going to work as well. So that's where every morning, my instant instant fix per se before getting ready for the cardio is either a flattened energy drink. Sometimes just a caffeine capsule. The caffeine capsule, much more cost effective if that's something you're thinking about because if you, you know, if you grab some kind of rain of whatever off the shelf every morning for your 200 milligrams of caffeine that you're aiming for to wake up. It's like four bucks a day over the course of a year. It's like 1200 bucks, right? And it's not including your pre-workout or anything else, whereas, you know, you buy a hundred count container of caffeine capsules, 200 milligrams of caffeine, the only active ingredient that you want. It's like four cents per, you know, so Gary Vee style shit there. But then you lose the ritual of cracking open. It's kind of a give-and-take. Much easier to bring around with you though. Like, yeah, I used to have it some caffeine capsules in my car at all times, just in case I forgot it, I'm a way to cardio. Now I don't, but sometimes. And that next to a leader of water with some kind of electrolyte mixed in. Be it from a tub or like a packet or anything else like that. Just so, you know, one of my bats that go to do cardio, plus a sauna, and sweat a ton. I'm already kind of like overloading my electrolytes and making up for the fact that I'm about to sweat a ton of amount. But that'll be the plan for tomorrow. Another one more clocked session of the bike. The treadmill. The sauna. And then I got a chest day later in the deep-baked. I think me and Mark are going to do a little tandem trip to to some kind of gym. I'm not exactly sure where. But I guess what does that to see then? So, good luck day. Handstring bias. Only a little bit of quad activation. It's a really, I'll just call today a handstring day in the title documentation. But good nonetheless. One step closer to what I'm aiming for. So, I'll see you tomorrow.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 74 - Wide Angle Chest Pump [i8xfJDIRF3U].txt ===

Alright, so just for clarification, sake, is the 12 days of Christmas the first 12 days of December? Or is it the 12 days leading up to Christmas? Or is it the 12 days after Christmas? That's something I'm kind of concerned about. Because that's what's going to decide whether today is either not a day of Christmas at all or if it's like the... Either way, on a cool, unfortunately, snowless Thursday. Yeah, Thursday night, exactly one week before Christmas. I'm getting a gift early. I'm opening one gift early, that's a gift to myself. Being... tell me. What kind of gift do you think I'm about to get tonight? Did you guess? And in saying chess comp, you would be freaking right. You would be more than right. So a chess comp plus a little bit of extra cardio afterward. So currently, the cardio routine is an hour in the morning. Nothing crazy, but 30 minutes on the bike, 30 minutes on the treadmill. I'm adding some sauna action. Not because the sauna magically burns fat or anything. But I just kind of like it. You know, if it's been good sweat, it just feels good. But not even true that's enough. So now, except for leg days, post workout is going to be 30 minutes on the bike as well. Or maybe actually, I think I'm meant to say, I'm going to do 15 minutes on the bike, 15 minutes on the treadmill. Nothing crazy, but these... I was about to say hours, but actually, I guess, we're going to do the hour range. But these minutes of cardio throughout the day, even if they're not the most stringuous thing in the world, they can add up pretty substantially. So for some guys, they really love tracking their steps. Like making sure you hit a certain amount of steps per day when they're dieting or just in general, like that's their sort of value that they aim for. With me, I kind of feel like you're right to walk an extra... or to make sure you walk like 10,000 steps that day. You definitely did burn here. Oh, he definitely did burn a certain amount of calories. But I've, for me, at least, and this is just a personal preference thing. It feels better for me to say, okay. I'm doing cardio. I want to do this cardio, specifically. I want to do... there we go. I want to do this cardio on a specific time. I want to do 30 minutes of cardio. I did my cardio right then. It's over with. So for whatever reason that just makes more sense to me. But I was a... I just de-rail by myself from that sort of delight. But either way. I'm sorry for the odds too, I've only... about 1,300 calories so far today. Actually, I think even less, only 1,100. I'm starting to feel the fatigue from getting into a reasonably steep deficit, which... That's just the nature of it. So as the caffeine that I... that it took in the pre-work after getting into the hit me, and once I actually get into the gym, I got my music playing. That tiredness will be gone. And then the lift can start. Right, but it's... it's more as I've had to say. I feel like I was getting on track to say, some kind of thing. Now it's gone. Well, maybe that's a good... maybe that's a good indicator. We should just quit yapping altogether. So how about we just jump straight to whatever set number one and to be for chest? Which... not sure. But I've got reason to believe. Maybe... Inclined Smith-Bachin-Bachin. But who's to say? I guess we're gonna find that together. I lied. Let's start with some... earth-style flies first. Flip chest ups that hand from... I don't know if we start it. What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Oh, my God. Mmm. I think I got it. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Oh, my God. Yeah. One more. I think it would be good for some incline Smith. Yeah. So, one more here. This one I might make a little nasty or toward the end. But awesome start. Very different from the typical fatigue of like... You know, starting with a heavy set of something. But I always start with heavy press. Right? Why don't you do the same exact workout every time? So, that's half the benefit of here. It's just different than what I normally do. Alright, come on. Alright. Mmm. You want? Mmm. No. What? What? You. You want me to? Oh. Okay. Hold me, you wrap. Oh. Yeah. Now let's go do some pressing. Those three hit me for the heart. Smith machine occupied. So let's do some of this chest press. I don't mind this one. It's not like my favorite. But again, in the spirit of changing things up, I don't normally do it. So, heavy straight set. Nothing fancy. Hold me. Hmm. Ah. Oh. Yeah. Ah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh, crap. One more. But I got to go a little bit lighter in the beginning. Full stack is especially after those three sets are flies on the beginning. It's too heavy. That was good enough. Oh, my goodness. Quicker too. Yeah. Okay. I'm not done. Let's make that a rest box. You. You. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. That's enough. I'm not sure where to move on to next. But chest is nearly done. Monument went. But enough. We're all really feeling on the squeeze portion. So this would be the reason we controlled. And there may be a superset for the next one. Or if this is it, then I'm going to call that too. My goal is not to do 10 sets, do six sets. It's get pumped. Satisfactorily wreck whatever muscle I'm hitting in however many sets that takes. And so it's not a number. It's more of a state of being. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You. The fuckers have. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Whoa. Get this. All right. Let's change it up. Finish with one superset of regular and decolon slice. I don't know what that. Jump was. But they're not myself. So that's good. One more. Then we go parts down. Okay. So classic finish your forming. Straight in front of the body flies. I'm going to try to get as little front of the activation as possible. But squeeze a lot of upper chest. And then when I basically reach failure or at least a close approximation. Rack it. Drop the weight by about half. And then instead of flies here in front of me. Going to more of this sort of big upward stretch. And then even though it's kind of a decline movement. I'm feeling like I'm squeezing my entire chest at the bottom portion. Because I may as well just be sitting here doing like a most muscular right. So when I feel my chest right here from squeezing like this. Sure lower packs firing. But I feel it all the way up here. It's my collarbone. So that's to be a good one. Now I just have to go nuts and film my pecks with as much blood as possible. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Okay. All right. Let's go find some mirror space. So that was what? Three sets of flies. Two sets of machine press. One set of cable press. And then a thinning shirt set of cable flies. So seven total sets. Sounds about right to freaking me. So honestly. I think I'm fully pumped. It's just kind of sucks because some days I would never call it a wash. But especially card depleted flat. You can even slide. You probably argue slightly under recovered. It can be a little tricky getting fully, you know, pumped to the same level as like when I'm bulked like crazy. But they should still be reasonably freaky. Pumpwise. The fuck is that? Let's get scratched on something. Let's see. Let's see. Look at. So this morning especially after cardio plus the sauna. Abvines are beginning to appear. Nothing like, I mean, nothing too crazy. But I'm just talking about like real subtle just. Vascularity creeping up here. So as I continue the leaner. My whole torso should just get. Freaky or freaky or freaky or step it up. I don't have to explain that part. Let's be pretty obvious. Let's run through a couple here. Let's go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Holy crap. Even just sending your home these poses, especially post lift. It's getting my ass out of freaking breath. But let's see. It's pretty much all the rest. Just pose iguais. So, basically freaky. I think nothing else to say. Just go out and get back in the car. There we go. There we freaking go. Chest complete. I would say that was a good lift. I would not call that a insanely 10 out of 10. Crazy lift. But I'd say it was pretty good. The reason why I kind of bring the bar down that low is half because just a performance thing. When you're running low in carbs, you're running low on fats. It had 25 grams of fats of heart today. I was just looking at the macros. My current intake so far. I've had 100 grams of carbs. So that puts me 400 calories of carbs based calories. 25 grams of fat. So that's putting me in 225, so 6. And then about 130 of protein. So I'm only at like 1200 calories for the day. That's not a ton. I've had, I don't even like to say it like this. I've had single meals that are like one and a half times as much food as I mean you right now across the entire day. Oh my goodness. But that's all right. That is okay. The fact that it's hard is what makes it cool. I said, don't worry. I'm not going to see one of these uploads. And it's like, you know, I don't really feel like dieting anymore. We'll just be done with it. Don't worry. That would, yeah. That's an alternate freaking universe. But there is definitely an added difficulty, which is just, it's just different than the bulking, you know, like bulking up. And in the beginning, it's not too tricky either way. Like it's not hard to go a few weeks with no treats. You know, points a few months have begun to pass. You know, you start to have a dream that you're in crispy cream where you've got like a bowl of San Francisco and in front of you and then you wake up and there's a very illusion. You know, that's when you know you're really getting into it. But once you've really gotten to the point where it's getting hard, bulking up or kind of down, you know, they just come with their own difficulties. And it's kind of crazy how like exactly inverted they are. Which would make sense. I mean, obviously, if you're dieting down, you're going to want to eat more food. And if you're bulking up, you're going to get sick of eating so much food. But that's, that's something that I don't mind. Like I don't mind a very stark contrast, but it's okay. I'm bulking right now. Let's bulk out. Let's put on weight. I don't care if I get a little bit softer because it's for the overall, like, or the overarching goal of getting bigger, right, developing musculi. And then dieting down. I don't care if it's going to cut into my strength in the gym or if some of my pumps are going to diminish a little bit. Or if I got to deal with the fact that a little bit hungry, and I got to be a bit smarter about what I'm eating, because it's for the overarching goal of getting leaner. And I think it's kind of like having a double-edged sword in a good way. Usually that phrase is supposed to be negative. But, you know, how I look at these, like if I bulk up for long enough and hard enough, then I made substantial gains. And I am done bulking. So I'm ready to start dieting down. You know, I'm ready to get into a deficit or ease into a deficit. And then I'll diet down enough to the point where I'm like, okay, I'm leaning enough. I've peeled off some of the excess fat that I've gained over the last bulk in phase. Maintained a good chunk of the muscle underneath. Now I'm ready to fill back up. So it's kind of, it's like a yin and yin, you know, it's a good pendulum in and out of the tides because, or not because. But that gets me motivated because I know that no matter what time of year it is, I'm always on track towards something specific. Now, if you're working out in general, you go to the gym consistently four or five times a week. You're making sure you hit your protein every day. And then you get like a multivitamin and gummy every night. That's like 70% of it, honestly. You know, early 60% easy. And then, you know, try to train hard, of course, but just having that routine in place. It's already putting you ahead of so well, not even so many. Just everybody who's not even, you know, bringing it that hard. But what I was getting ready to say was, Grandpa was like a brazen. Yeah, oh yeah. So even if I've got like long term goals for my fitness, right? The body building side of things and like continue getting up in like the two 85 range or I mean, I used to say this as a joke, but now it's like a 290 pound peak bulk. That's not a question of if that's only a question of when at this point. But, you know, even though those are like my kind of overarching, like long term sort of things, in just short scales of a few months, like I'm only going to be diding for another two and a half months or so. And then I'm going to be back to bulky. So I'm on track for my long term goals. But it's boiled down. I've got some goals that I want to hit right freaking out. And then boiled those down even further to a day by day basis. My goal is okay. Don't completely go crazy and let my stomach to the talking and go to the fridge and just destroy, you know, everything in sight. So it's like every day I'm working towards something. And it's not necessarily that I'm saying that like every day I'm grinding. I'm just trying to say, I've got something that I can work towards. And that feels good over time. You know, one day of doing something that for yourself or like working on having good habits, like clean your room, do it like, you know, sometimes they'll get a little bit of like a manic kind of phase where you just, I'll basically just completely clean up my entire office room, sort everything, you know, sorts of little just junk, kind of get like built up. But doing that consistently, it starts to add up and then things just start moving smoother, you know, so that's why I like the the bulking cutting for me because I'm always on track towards something. And it keeps it interesting, you know, one month I might look like this and then six months down the line, especially with a haircut, you know, somebody who I talk to you all the time might walk up a high mean, not even recognize me. And that's for me, that's just fun. But a real tangible benefit, which I think a lot more lifters need to take into account, is the fact that they need to look at themselves and think, all right, have I made any progress in any way over the last six months? Am I a different lifter now than I was at the beginning of the year? In any capacity, I'm not saying you have to be, you know, 30 pounds bigger. But in just any capacity and in the lifting, there's a few, right, you've got basic just strength, size, leanness if you're trying to die down, or a little bit earlier into the curve of like getting into work an out. You've got just getting more locked in, like getting more consistent with your routine. That's as freaking sick of a goal as anything because it's, you know, it's always in relation to what your current level is, you know? So for me, if I've been used to, like, you know, my 30 minutes of cardio daily, then especially right now with the dieting, I want to step it up. So now I'm bumping it up to an hour. You know, bump it up to an extra, something that was only 20 minutes post workout, because the gym closed in my 30. I kind of forgot about that part. But, you know, up in the cardio, getting more, getting a little bit more, you know, intense that way. That's when I'm trying to work on. But, you know, for somebody who is just getting into the gym, you know, they're trying to fit into their weekly routine. Then to go from like an average gym or the word big, appearance, we'll say, per week of like, you know, going from two to two times a week to like, an average of four or five times a week, that's insane. That is freaking huge. So it's all about just trying to take yourself a little bit further than you are right now. And if you continue to do that, I mean, we've all seen the percentages and like the kind of motivating like Instagram posts, where it's like, one percent a day might not seem like much after one day. But after one year, you're 9 million percent better, you know, like little things like that. And as cliche as all those like classic motivational, like phrases and speeches are, they're cliche for a reason, because they get said so much because they're so freaking true. You know, it's like all the classic, you know, grass isn't green on the other side type situations, like that sort of shit, like, there's a real wisdom as words, you know. And it really only appears when you apply it to like some kind of situation that you're in. But, you know, insert some kind of phrase about like long term small steps. Everybody started somewhere. I remember my earliest sort of memories about the working out where when I was, you know, before I weighed, when I was like a kid and I'd be messing around on the crawl space of my house and my dad had put like all the dumbbells and some barbells and plates up there, just like for storage. I wonder if messing around with a 45 pound barbell when I was younger, maybe he played to the seed of what we're now looking at today. But, you know, who's to say? But what I'm trying to get at is like, you know, times pretty powerful fucking thing, freaking thing. I'm sorry about that. And if you can start to ride that wave before you know it, you're going to realize you've made some pretty decent distance compared to where you were, even just like a few months ago. So what I'm getting at is if you can tell things aren't necessarily going exactly how you want them to go, you're not as far as you want to be, then it's a little bit humbling, but the answer is not, okay, well, what's the best work I've split us you do? What's the new program? You gotta look at your own situation, think have I really been bringing it? Have I been doing my cardio? Have I been doing any cardio? Have I been getting enough sleep? Have I been drinking in the water? If I were to go workout today and only drink like, you know, a leader of water all day until right now, and that lift would have sucked. I've had like a gallon and a half, you know, plus enough electrolytes. So scale that up to however, you know, how much you weigh. There's little things that seem so insignificant, maybe you get enough sleep. Are you just, you know, trying to keep yourself in a good headspace so that you can be productive. Have any random, like, nagging, anxieties or things that you have in meanings or just whatever. You know, like all these tiny little things they add up. So if you can look at your situation, then think, okay. Yeah, I mean, I've been going to the gym pretty consistently, but every time I go in, I've just talked into, like, the crew, guys I work out with and we barely get anything done. It's like, we do more talk in the lifting than, and it sounds like you already know the answer and you really just have to act on it. But if you can get yourself into a state of up in yourself, like, up in the intensity, up in the consistency, up in your, just overall, like, hype for what you're doing, then over the course of just a few months, you should start to notice something change. Be it you locked into a dieting phase, you're down 10 pounds. You're starting to bulk up finally. You want to hit that 200 mark, pull it crap by getting 10 pounds last three weeks. Or no, the last three months. I only crap. I should have been tracking my calories this whole time. Okay, nice. Just a little things like that. Right. It's the glamour of the workin' out, like the being jacks and just being in shape. That's the pinnacle of the pyramid. Right. Like, going into the gym, having a pose down with a fancy lighting, everything else. That is the pinnacle of the pyramid. It would not exist if it wasn't for the whole support system underneath of the sleep and the diet and the recovery. And sleep, the diet, the hydration, everything else that goes along with it. So if you can put more emphasis on giving yourself a good base of support, I mean, I, barring any, you know, current architectural feats. And what was the biggest frickin' building that there ever was for quite a while? The dang pyramids. And they'd get a pretty wide base. I guess that's my little tip of the night. But I'm gonna have a very large, actually, two protein-focused meals. Probably 50 grams of protein with a bike weights followed by maybe a top-round stick for, I guess when you say, the dinner, the last meal of the night. Get a good night's rest, wake up early for some cardio in the morning, and then just keep repeating this loop for the next couple of weeks, next week's, next week's, next week's. But either way, try to build up some momentum coming into this year. Don't guilt yourself, get too soft. If you're trying to diet through Christmas. And other than that, assuming you're watching this, I think you know what you're doing. I think you've got a good grasp on it already. Just gotta make it happen. So I will see you for some back action tomorrow.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 75 - Back - Short and Sweet [TUD7wb_2h80].txt ===

Alright, so today's gonna be not a quick one, but I'm definitely not gonna delete that way too much. You've got a family dinner for 530. It's currently 317. So however those two numbers are gonna have, we'll just have to see. But that'll be a good little test of will. Because that's a classic cheating in your diet situation. It's not always when you just hit home, you don't have any treats in the cupboard or anything. The only sweet oven down on is a couple bags of, you're not a couple, I should have got a couple, I got a bag of dried chopped strawberries. So every so often I'd go in and have a couple mouthfuls of that. About 6 grams of carbs each, which honestly, pretty effective treat. Nothing like it's no comparing to a fresh crispy cream. That should be obvious. But especially if you kind of hold yourself back and you're not just slamming that stuff all the time. Like right now, I'm eating pretty dang freaking clean. So that feels pretty good. That's not because of me, no worries. It kind of a crazy intersection over here. But all that's to say is, if I look to my left and Mark has a big bowl of whatever he's eaten. And it looks my right and my parents are eating whatever they're eaten. I don't know what I'm gonna eat. Because I'm not gonna overshoot. So I'll see if I can ask him to just make me like some plain chicken or something. Or just pick something that fits the goals I'm aiming for. Not a lot of fats, not a lot of carbs, and a whole lot of protein, which usually is a little bit tricky. Because even if you think you're getting like, okay, well, I'm dieting. I'll just get a steak. Let me get a 10 ounce rib eye. It'll be nice and lean. The things covered in butter. It's already like a fatty cut. You think you're eating healthy, but then you're getting like 60 grams of fat for your 60 grams of protein. It's kind of, it's a little bit of a back and forth. It's hard to get around. Plus, I mean, any restaurant, too. They want their food to taste good. That's how they make money, right? They sell good food. So what makes food taste good? Carves, fats, sugars, seasonings, everything else. So you gotta be a little mindful. And that's where I would really recommend you try to figure out how to track this stuff. I don't want to say intuitively, but without having to only rely on nutrition labels. Because a lot of the time, you can't always just be able to scan your little thing into my fitness path. That's what you're into and get that info. You're gonna have to kind of guess it yourself. So once you've counted your macros for long enough, you kind of develop a bit of an eye for them. You know, it's like how you could probably guess that a hundred pound dumbbell is going to be a bit heavier than the 50 pound dumbbell. Is it bigger? Just a little visualizing by eye, as well as the practice of having already tracked all this stuff beforehand. You basically get to a point where you don't need to know the exact ingredients and everything else of whatever you're eating. Because just by looking just by tasting, you can see how much grease is on the side of it. Or you know how big of a bun this is. I would probably do pretty good if they made a TV show called the calories is right. The calories is right. You know, take the prices right, but instead of guessing how much food or how much this stuff costs, like put a plate of food in front of me and say, okay, Sam, 60 seconds on the clock. Top prize. If you can guess within a 10% error of the carbs, fats and proteins in this plate of steak, potatoes and. Bisc. I don't know, some shit like that, right. And that's that's something that isn't super easy to do. And by easy to do, I mean, it just kind of takes a little while, right. But if you track your stuff consistently, you do get a good sense for it. And some people see that as a negative. Like some guys or anybody else think, oh, well, all you. Every time you think about the food that you're eating, you just think about how many calories are in it. And you're thinking about, I don't want to think about that. Like it's, um, it's intentional ignorance. You know, you're turning away from the light. So that's where it's, uh, you can lead the lifters to the macro tracker. You can't force them to input his values. But for anybody where you do want to kind of get a better grasp on your gains and take more control of the progress you want to make. Getting more in tune with, you know, proteins, carbs, fats, macro tracking in general. I do think that could be a pretty solid boost. But let's not turn this whole talk into a macro chat, macro chat, macro chat. Playing for tonight's lift with back. Just get it back bump. I'm saying that too crazy. I'm not going to do any really heavy rowing. Like there's a reason you haven't seen me do any like three plate, three plate and 25 pound. I thought I was going to hit him. Like there's a reason you haven't seen me do any really heavy bent over barbell rows. And it's because I don't need to, you know, like as much as I'm kind of the anti science, like just go hard, whatever, if we're all in payment for, is stimulating my lats and my traps, then I don't need to overload my glutes and my lower back and my erectors and my whole posterior chain with hundreds of pounds to get that effect. And in a bodybuilding context, it's not even what I'm paying for, you know, I don't really want a massive thick trunk, right? I don't need my lower back to being extra inch thick. If anything, I kind of wanted to stay the exact same size it is and have my lats grow around it, so I can kind of keep my waist more tapered. And that's because I'm not training for like pure performance, you know, in an athletic context, functional movements, you know, deadlifts, everything else. That's got it. It has a completely different value because you're looking at it from a completely different perspective. But for me, I'm coming into the gym with a goal of I want to pump up my lats, my traps, all sorts of fancy, like rum void, terries major stuff in between, like those little detailed muscles on the upper corners of your back. And I don't want to work anything else. You know, that's why I've got a pair of freaking straps in my bag, so that when I do like a pull down or a row or anything where I'm pulling, I don't have to send as many signals to my forearm and having else to really grip onto whatever handle and holding, because that just takes away from the activation I'm getting to my lats. So do I need to completely load my lower back in order to work my other traps or my mid back? Not exactly. So, you know, bodybuilding context, I do tend to lean towards a bit more chest supported rows or just, you know, more seated cable rows. Which are a bit easier on your lower back in terms of overall loading. And I think half of it is to do just with the angle of the movement itself. But also, since you're sitting down instead of bending over, like you're only using your lower back to support the weight that you're lifting, you don't have to hold your entire body up from falling over. But all that's to say is every set I want to completely fatigue whatever portion of my back that I'm aiming for, make sure I hit it from all angles, lats, upper traps, mid traps. I want to do some stuff where I can really feel my lats like squeeze extra deep. So a pull down sometimes doesn't do that for me. With a strip or a pull down or any kind of pull down machine, I get a lot of lot of activation. Like it's very squee or stretch focused. But only on something like a pull over, single-large cable pull over, and I really can feel like every fiber of my latt-word ties in right over my hip really tense up. And then at the end of it, assuming I'm fully pumped and I can tell I went hard, I get to go home and say, yippee. So let's stop chatting, just going to make this shit happen. This stuff happened. I know I usually say start every lift with a different move in the last one, or at least try to change it up a bit, but given the equipment that's open, I can't really think of a better start than single-arm pull-outs here. I think it's kind of quick. I don't need these to be super slow controlled, because by rep 10, even if they are a little quicker, I am going to feel some pretty serious latt-foot-tig. And I can move on to a different move in first, low controlled set. Okay, okay, okay, let's go. You know, you know, you know, you know, okay, all the crap. One more release, maybe two more. Let's see. No. Yeah. One more after this one. One more. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Yeah. Yeah. That's moving on to something else. That's a good thing. Yeah. Nice and simple start. I think a set of pull-ups is an order. And now that I'm down, I don't know how many pounds for a peak bulk, I can actually do so. So, same style as the pull-ups on the set is a straight set of fairly with some partials. There. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Similar style, not like super slow control. There we go. There we go. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. One more. Let's drop this a little way to just from 15 to 0. Okay. I know to finish is going to be. That's not wasting its time to get straight to it. So if you guessed this apparatus, then you would be right, but I got to skip the explanation because I am. I mean, last set, so I wouldn't say I'm in a rush, but let's get this pop finish. Yeah. Let's put this bench away and go close down. That's back, dates. Back complete in a total of two, three, four. Seven sets, I think. I can't have lost track of my mind a little bit there, but that's enough. You know, I was saying yesterday, I'm not coming into the gym with the goal of, okay, I'm going to come and do 20 working sets. I'm coming to the gym with the goal of, okay, I want to pump the freaking S.H. IT out of my back in however many sets necessary. End of story. End of story. Oh, hey. You know, goodness. All right, so pumped reasonably fatigued. And now, my primary concern is make sure that we go to dinner. I do not exceed my a lot of calorie intake. And I don't mean the day, I mean for that meal. So, I'm getting close to damn near just 2,000 calories for the whole day. So, if I want to eat more than twice, I need to have smaller sized meals. So, I kind of like to cap it at like 600 per. But I guess I'm just having to update for you about that tomorrow. So, let's get the car. Yeah, that was a good one. That was a good one. It doesn't take too much either, but, honestly, I would not have mined swapping out. All right, we're not have mined it swapping out that seated chest supported row with some other kind of variation. Like, it would be awesome if this gym had sort of, you know, one of the upward rows kind of, you know, lever armage, plate loaded. But, kind of, change in, they got about all the equipment from the same places. So, what are you going to do? But, still pretty good. And honestly, I mean, I'm not particularly picky when it comes to the movements. I've gone through a couple or like, I think, six or seven months stint. Where the only gym I had access to was the home gym. That was like right when COVID smacked down. And everything was like legit clothes, not just like clothes sometimes, like, social distancing. Like, there was some, oh crap. I didn't even think about it. How many lifters had to completely cut the gym out of their routine, because they didn't have any kind of home gym action. And I don't even want to think about it. But luckily enough, I was stocked a little bit. And I was like, wreck dumbbells up to 50 pounds plus like a 60 pound set of the ones where like you screw the plates on the side. So, now we're definitely well. So, all my back days were like bent over a barbell rows. Single arm pull down to a, like, a really jerry rigs kind of cable set up. That actually was pretty smooth. I get worked really well. The only problem was it was the weight was just like swinging on a cable. So, if you built up too much momentum, you had like, you know, 90 pounds just swinging around the place. So, that was an awesome. But, as long as you can do enough movements, or you can hit whatever muscle you're targeting reasonably well, yeah, you just don't need that much. Right? I mean, it's a creature comfort. Obviously, you're going to probably be better off with a fully stocked gym. But, if it's more consistent for you or easier for you to be consistent by having like, you know, couple sets of dumbbells, maybe one of those adjustable ones where like, you spin the latch around and it grabs plates or removes them like the adjustable home dumbbells. And then, I mean, even that was like a pull-up bar. You basically have your whole torso set. As you can do back, you can do chest. You can do, you can do arms, you can do shoulders. And you can get some leg action, you know. Hamstrings is a bit trickier without proper equipment. You can't really do so much hamstring-wise. That's where, in my mind, I always imagine upgrading my parents' basement gym with like a combination leg extension leg curl. Like that would have been freaking insane. Never ended up happening, but, yeah, what do you do? But, other than that, it's like, whatever equipment you have is fucking perfect. Or it is freaking perfect, you know. So, don't get too hung up. Like, I'll see some guys where their first instinct when they walk into a gym if it doesn't have all the equipment that they want, or if it's a little bit too busy, like it totally throws them off. And they're going to walk into the gym with a negative mentality of only seeing the things that are, you know, they consider as a detriment to their work. Oh, my God, it's so crowded here. Oh, oh, she, everybody's doing chest. I'm doing chest today. Oh, man, they don't have the leg extension broken. What am I supposed to do? You know, and it's like, you're not wrong, but not being wrong doesn't make you right. So, what's your overarching goal? You want to come to the gym, you want to have a good workout. But you probably also want to feel pretty good doing it. And feeling good is just as much mental as it is physical. So, if I walk into the gym today and let's say everybody was using like all the back equipment, then maybe, you know, kind of an instinctual thought might pop up in my mind, where I'm like, with the heck, today's Friday, and it really is, it was national back day. You know, like that, I'm not going to say that might not pop up in my mind. I'm not so, you know, zen that I don't get that kind of like little frustration. But I would want to at least try to snuff that out and replace it with, okay. Well, what am I going to do? So, let's get a gameplay of here. Because the more you're dwelling on that, like crap, everybody's in, like, how are you supposed to get any good work done? And then you're just like grumbling in your own mind to tease yourself. Like, what do you do? So, at least that's what I'm trying to do. I'm not saying I do that every time, you know, if you, if the odds are stacked against me, let's say I got bad sleep, I'm in a rush. I am, like, just, for whatever reason, like, a little bit antsy or whatever, and then I walk in the gym, and then everybody's using all the equipment that I was planning to use in my mind already. Then, yeah, I mean, I might be like, oh, shit. But I try not to. Because it's just not conducive with having fun or having a good workout. And those are kind of, those are up there. You know, I've got a few goals every lift. Not hurt myself. That one has become more and more prevalent in my mind as time has passed. Because I've pushed the envelope pretty bad. Like, I've had some good chess poles, and some hamstring pops, and all sorts of everything. And I don't like being hurt sucks. So, I do not want to do that anymore. And especially if it's at my own hand, I mean, we'd be the pure foolishness. So, that's where, so, one of my highest priorities now is just the lack of self-induced injury. But in a more like, just subjective approach, I want to be able to feel good after these workouts. And I really want to feel, be able to feel good while I'm doing them. So, I was just doing a whole talk on the drive home yesterday. I'm kind of, you know, reiterating myself here. But that feeling good in the gym part, that is not to do with your, like, motivation or your hype, or just, you know, whatever kind of amount of lock to it, locked in the mentality you're thinking about. Like, 80% of feeling good in pushing yourself hard in the gym and enjoying it is going to come from the pillars of support that happen outside of the gym. Getting a good amount of sleep staying well hydrated, having a reasonable diet. And I know that, at my sound kind of silly for me to say, but when I say reasonable diet, I mean a diet that's conducive with whatever your goals are at the time. So, if my goal is to, you know, bulk up and gain as much weight as possible over the course of, like, six months, then yeah, I'm going to have some treats in there too. But if my goal is to diet down, I'm going to be just a strict and reverse, you know. So, don't add reasonable for what your goals are. But if those things are in line, then to have a good workout is like, it's just a matter of course. It's not even something you have to, you know, really think about because it's not so much that you're suddenly doing things which are going to boost your workout into out of this world proportions. But you're just negating any potential drawbacks for yourself, right? I mean, to walk into the gym with basically being in a dehydrated state boom, you just put rocks in your shoes. So, walk into the gym and you definitely did not sleep well enough. What's it, what's it good little, well, that sucks too. And then to come into the gym and have, get this carmels to work down. But to come into the gym under Fed and you can tell that you really aren't properly fed. Then your energy levels are going to suffer too. I mean, all those things add up. So, to do those, doesn't feel that glamorous. You know, go to bed or drink your water, right? Eat pretty reasonable meals. Like, that's not really the fun part, there's no glamour there. But when you come into the gym and you work out and you're trying to perform the preparation you did beforehand, we'll pay off. And for me, that's what I like. When I come into the gym, I want to feel good, I want to push myself hard, I want to break it sweat. I don't want it to feel like work. So, if I'm well fed, well rested, well hydrated, then that ends up being the case. And it's just, you know, works out way better for me. Like, are you going to get more work done at your desk if it's covered in trash, and, you know, half of your computer's wires are like unplugged, or you get more work done if everything's nice and clean and orderly. And you're, you know, you're just setting yourself up for success like that. So, as, as mundane as it sounds, right? It sounds like every mom comes to the earlier, you know, drink how much water did you eat today? Like, a lot of truth to it, a lot of truth to it, that's what I'll say there. So, oh, you can't tell I got to say? Yeah, I wrapped it up. Day 70 something, so I don't see you for what I hope to be a highly-striated, vaining, an overall freaky arm day tomorrow. And I say, hope, it's not a hope thing. I know that's going to be the case. So, I'll see you then.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 76 - Arms [Wghh5oJRHR4].txt ===

Alright, today is quite a head of schedule. You would not believe what time it is. And this is not cardio. I mean, there's going to be some post-lifed cardio, but this is not the dedicated cardio that I either. It's 11, freaking 30. Now, of course, it's a Saturday, so it's not like the gym is going to be completely dead like a weekday, but either way, this is weekend. So now, I'll just have a, I don't know, it feels kind of weird. Like, I think my, my circadian rhythm of lifting has me lifting a little more like 6 p.m. or later, but I feel like I'm kind of hurting my sleep. And I'm not saying that I can like, I'm laying in bed jittery three hours after I drink, whatever pre I just had, but even if you can still fall asleep with some caffeine in your system, it doesn't mean you're in like complete ram or complete everything else. Like, get in all that, after what's, what are the sort of resulting compounds of the caffeine, it's like, nor up the feds, or something along this line. Like, just having that in your system while you're sleeping, it's kind of taken away from your restfulness. So I think it's probably gonna be in my best interest to make these lifts a little bit earlier in the day. Maybe not this early every time, but a little bit earlier. So this'll be a quick little, just a description of what this lift will look like. And half of it, I mean, we'll just have to see, you know? I mean, try steps first. And I definitely wanna do some machine dips because I haven't done those for the last like, two or three arm days, but other than that, I mean, biceps can be really fucking simple. You know, I don't have to sit in here and do, like, eight different kinds of curls. Like, last arm day, the only real curl I ended up doing was like kind of a cambered cable curl. And by the time I did four sets of those, my biceps are wrecked. And with something like biceps, tries a little bit more complicated, but biceps, especially. There's not that complicated of a muscle, you know? Like your chest, obviously, you wanna do pressing, you wanna do flies, you wanna do incline pressing and flat pressing, maybe some decline like, big stretch work. Now with your back, you gotta do pull downs. Lat folk is movements. Rose, more mid back, maybe some sort of upward angle and rose for your upper back, like that sort of stuff. But with, oh, and then with triceps, you definitely should be hitting it from, I'd say, these three different ways. You gotta regular push down, be it rope, be it a straight bar, be it a W bar, be it a V bar, whatever, like a push down here, and overhead based extension, to be a bit more stretch focused, as well as a dipping movement. And one could argue that the dip is almost, just like the push down, it's just only slightly different. But I'd say those are the big three, but with biceps, I mean, even when you're doing a preacher curl, or a barbell curl, or a concentration curl, or whatever. It's not really changing that much, you know? So, oh, that's all that's to say. It's like if you do a set of dumbbell curls, and they click, and you're like, holy crap, these feel really good. And then you do another set, and that one feels pretty good too. You do another set, that one feels pretty good. It's like, okay, if I do like four more of these, I'm probably gonna be fully pumped. Like I can tell my whole biceps can hit, and then I would just stay there. Like I wouldn't see the need to wanna move on anything else. If that's already really work. So, it's not like I'm saying never do different movements or biceps. Lift by lift. Your work at should look pretty different, just to make sure you're hitting everything in all sorts of different ways. But don't feel like you have to. I mean, I've had arm days where all it was was, not straight bar, but like a W bar, pushed down heavy eight sets, and then dumbbell curls right off the rack. 60, 60, get a little bit weaker, drop to a 50, a little bit weaker, drop to a 40. Maybe do a, like a squeezing superset at the end, like little things like that. And before you know, and boom, full on arm pump. You have no idea that I didn't just do a 10 diff, because it's, I don't know, I feel like that's just kinda some kind of misconceptions. Like I see that a lot in a lot of comment sections of anybody's work at, and it's always like, all you did was dumbbell curls, why do you specifically target your break your ringialis? Why don't you specifically target the long end and the short head of your bicep with it? It's like dude. Do a crazy set of dumbbell curls. Go hard, really push it, and then you tell me if you can feel any portion of your bicep, that still feels extra strong and it wasn't worked. Because as much value as there is to specifically targeting different portions, like I think that's totally true. But as much value as there is to that, don't get lost in that details, right? We've all heard the phrase, you focus on the tree, you lose the force, you know, you focus on, well, you get what I'm saying there. But either way, let's just jump in there, get this arm day started. It's early on day started. So let's change it up. I've been starting with a rope extension, like every trisip lift, haven't given the crossbow extension as much love. So like 30 pounds each, this is a weight that I can manage, but these reps are very well. So I'm gonna make use of that by when I get the pulley extended position, really try to wrench it as if I'm trying to bend my arm backwards straight out of the extra system. So a hard, hard long squeeze at the bottom, like a full second, up very slowly, try to feel my whole trisip, like relax, and then just repeat until failure. You know, simple enough, but a little easier seven down. One breaths. Yoyosh! Yoyosh! It's your second punch. My... But I need to ask that. You do. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Okay. What a two more. Let's get open. No. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Oh, God. Oh, my God. Yeah. No. Oh, okay. All right. Yeah. Let's do some dips next. I'll be going to change up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. One more like that. Yeah. Yeah. No. No, okay. Okay. Yeah. Let's get some more dips. Oh. Yeah. KA Oh.... . Now. Yeah. Yeah... Hmmm. That's coming on my curriculum. One more important thing. I guess the one here is blood. Yeah yeah. Oh my God. Straightinaur drops out, or a superset runner. Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I was bad. You know what? Yeah. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. Okay. Oh, man. I was bad to say I'm going to need one more set. But that little drop into the regular push dance. When you try to start done, let's start curling something gosh nangin'. Alright. So I've got a history of starting with curls. Don't bell curls, preacher curls, cable curls, whatever. Now that I think about it, I don't think I've ever started the bicep day with the bicep biased pull dance. So in the spirit of changing shit up, changing stuff up. Let's start with some of those first. Can I lift you up? Don't beat me up I ain't  ame out how to dance. Sucuri hums. You. Oh. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Go. Get on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, no. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I'm gonna get it. Yeah. Yeah. Let's do a machine, guys. I think. So what I'm thinking here is alternating five reps at a time of a pretty moderate weight for these curls. And not too heavy. Like honestly, if you would call that last set 100% weight like failure at six plus impartials, this might be 50%. Where every rep, oh, I guess I'm kind of just combining the hard squeezing portion of those bicep bias pull nands with a little more heft of a conventional curl. But let me see how that is 130 feel. Yeah. Just do one 10. Just barely above half of the slide. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There we go. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's a bit of a year. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Arms are fully pumped. Let's go find some lighting. It's the other really looking. There we go. All right. Arms pretty much pumped to heck. Didn't take that much either. Those sets weren't the craziest. That wasn't like my really heavy leg day every set is like a huff and puff. You know, like event. And honestly, it's almost like, like my energy was good, but I feel like I wasn't as hyped today as normal. Which, I mean, I'm not saying that. Like it was a bad thing. The vibe of that lift just, that's a little bit more chill, which whatever. I don't think the pump has suffered much at all. So let's see how we're looking here. Yeah. Trying to get to make sure my arms are totally symmetrical. Let me show it more. Yeah. Oh, crap. Yeah. We are most certainly getting somewhere. And especially in that front last bread. Like I've been, I've been hidden at this for months. And now it's finally starting to happen. I can actually see some strong separation of shoulder, tricep, bicep on our teeth. So what used to be kind of just a little bit of a smooth transition is now getting a little more angular. And then as I get leaner, that is only going to become more and more abrupt. Like right here shoulder striations, bicep, brykianos, tricep. Ideally that will all be very sharp. Sharpe is a good description. Oh. Okay. Now am I hallucinating? Or is that a hint of some tricep striations right there? Oh. Let's trick it to reach around this far. There we go. And that's just freaking cool. But arms complete. So now let's just get in the car. Head back home and eat something. I am hungry. Also thirsty. There we go. Okay. Some time has actually passed since that posed him because 30 minutes on the seated bike turned into 60 minutes on the seated bike. Now when it comes to cardio, if you've, which you know, the topic I've referenced reasonably frequently, I would say this for the most part, your best bet. Thanks to heavy noise. There we go. But for the most part, I would say your best bet with the cardio. If you want to have like an active routine is going to be cardio in the morning. Go about your day, eat some food, kind of, get back to baseline and then lift a little bit later. You know, whether that lift is a four or six or eight or whatever. Cardiola morning and then lift a night. But for me, at least that makes the most sense. It gives me time to go through the day to get warmed up. Get some food in my system. Then have a good workout at night. You did another meal afterwards and go to sleep. But I got a lot of cardio to do right now. So I'm going to have another, technically this is actually the morning session. Oh, no, what am I saying? Oh, no, it's an earlier session. So yeah, but I've got the cardio in the morning in cardio, post the lift. So, double it up. Usually I just ended doing an hour in the morning and then 30 minutes after the lift. But today, it felt a little bit extra cheeky. Get a, get a three to three to three here. And the reason I would say you probably wouldn't want to do your cardio, post workout is because after workout, you should go home and eat something. I jump straight to the recovery process. But that's more of so for a maintained baseline kind of maintenance, whoever you're aiming for. This is, this is definitely pushing the envelope in terms of the calorie burning side of things. So, I'm going to go a little bit extra far beyond. But I mean, I just don't understand the hate. I mean, the cardio is so easy. Like, I think it's just an idea. The word cardio is scary. So, maybe next time you feel like you're in a safe space. Nope. You don't have to take them to the threats around you in the gym. Just take a seat on the seat of bike. You know, don't even start pedaling. Just take a seat playing your phone, you know, mess with the buttons. And then maybe put your feet on the pedals and just see what happens. So, no pressure. And before you know it, I think you'll get it. You'll suddenly grasp what I've been trying to say all along. But I feel rather tired. So, I'm going to have a good postwork at meal. Probably 10 or 12 ounces of top round steak with very minimal oil to sear. And whatever, pan-lay end up using. And then maybe, uh, I just do some steamed broccoli. Just, uh, just for the sake of having more fluff to eat. Because there's a certain value to just eating food where having stuff in your stomach makes you feel full. Not having stuff that's really like calorie-dense or anything. Because what's going to make you feel more full? Eating two pound strawberries, or a pint of energy. The pint of energy has five times the calories. But, you know, by the time you've actually eaten the whole thing, you're not going to feel that full. Whereas even two pounds of freaking strawberries, that would fill you up. So, honestly, that's kind of making me think I should stop at the store and grab some of those. Because dining down at least, it's always a bit easier for me to stick to more whole foods. And with that, I mean, just like basic stuff. You know, changing it up or, uh, or, you know, trying to hack the system by eating, like, protein bars and, like, the low carb, um, treats and stuff that you see in all the vending machines. Like, it's, it's just not really any better, you know? Like, if you got a protein bar where it was like low carb, you know, it's flavored with, like, all the sugar alcohols and the erythritol and all sorts of fancy, like, Sugar replacements or whatever, where it's like, oh, it's actually only got two calories per gram instead of four. You know, by the time you look at all the macros, you flip it around, okay, 15 grams of protein. I'd probably just rather have that from, like, some ground beef, some turkey. 15 grams or, like, 18 grams of fats, okay, that's actually a lot of fat with the, I thought this is supposed to be a low calorie thing. And then, you know, a bunch of, um, like, carb, sweetener replacements, where if you eat a bunch of them, it totally just mixes your stomach up and makes it feel bloated right? So it's, at that point, I'd rather just have, like, a couple ounces of ground beef and just substrate up chocolate or something. It would have the same coloric value, you know, so there really is no getting around just being a little bit strict with the calories themselves. But I could tell, I could probably do it with an app. I could see a nap happening very soon. Once I get back to the house. But anyway, I think we'll just call it there, make this a little bit of a quick one. So December 22nd for you, three days until Christmas. And this year, at least for us, it's a little bit different. You know, Santa doesn't have a naughty list. And he's got a list of guys who have been skipping their cardio. And yeah, unfortunately for you, Dennis, you're on that list. And I know you're laughing at your buddy Paul, but guess what, you're on that list too. Because he knows that he checked it twice. Yeah, no gifts for you. You're getting straight keen-wise in your stocking. You know, he's not going to hang that cold, but pretty close. Either way. I don't see you for some leg action tomorrow.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 77 - Legs - Feathering Loading [IWHPtA9bDHw].txt ===

Here we go. Back again, an early-ish lift as well. 349. The sun still up very nice to remain. Keeping with a good schedule. So after an hour of cardio in the morning, plus some ab work, it's time for legs. It's time for legs fueled by 1200 calories of jet fuel, aka egg whites with chopped spinach and fat free cheese, as well as a one of the protein, low carb, flavored, sweet, whatever kind of like fake Reese's cups, which I just went on a little bit of a rant about saying, you're usually better off just going for the real thing. So kind of going against my own best judgment. But it tastes pretty good and for 200 calories, 14 grams of fat 10 grams of neck carbs plus 80 grams of the weight isolate protein that they use. That's terrible. And at the end of the day, the dieting isn't the hardest thing in the world. I don't know. Isn't the most complicated thing in the world? It's definitely a little bit tricky, difficult to watch. But it's just simply not exceeding my calorie limit. So I can tell I do need something sweet every now and again to kind of tide me over. Otherwise, I'd probably just go freaking nuts in the pantry at like 11 o'clock at night when I'm trying to go to bed because I need to quench it. And that's where some of the zero calorie like soda isn't stuff, can come into play as a little sweet tooth curbing agents. And that's something that I just do not understand. I mean, the diet soda gets so much hate. Like, have you ever drank a, uh, you're going to get a rate zero? Do you think that? Like, what? What is the diet soda gets so much hate? I think we all know why. It's because everybody, for, you know, however long has been saying, well, the diet soda is actually worse for you than the full sugar soda. Yeah, let's just say I would beg to differ. But that's a talk for it's own day. Playing for lakes, hamstrings in quads. I want to stimulate them as much as necessary, combined with pumping them up as much as possible. And in the process, not hurt myself. So hamstrings, I have an easy enough time with. Hamstring curls, laying, seated, maybe some arty else potentially some cable arty else. That'll be sweet. And honestly, strength doesn't come into, it doesn't come into play as a factor so much. Like, with chest, I'm definitely going lighter now that I'm dying. But with hamstrings, it's like, I don't necessarily, like, I'm going lighter, but none of the movements are like really heavy anyway. Quads is where I back off, you know, not doing 10 set, or 10 plate leg press. I'm going to ease it a little bit more, just stimulate a work. So leg extensions for sure. Are we some machine like press? Maybe it's touches this, he's quads. We'll just have to see. But I'm going to aim for hamstrings first and then follow with quads in the second half. And hopefully within about an hour and a half or so, I'll be standing in front of the mirror with a set of 20 trunks saying, holy crap. Never seen that name before. So I guess we'll just see if that prediction is going to be an accurate dawn. Ahhhh  morgarse LIKE THAT Just Just Its Yeah, cool. Oh my god. Let's see, two more nasty ones like that. And then move out of something, write and squeeze in. Ah. No. No, we gotta kill. All right, I like it. I do one more just like that, but I gotta drop the weight. Stack is way too much for three with the last of you little heavy use, okay? But one more at one, 15 instead of 190. And then have some cutie, cable already, I like it. No. No. Oh, no. Oh, my god. Oh, holy crap. Oh. Main point here, apart from just doing RDL and filling your hamstrings, is I love these cables, because I was just explaining something instead of like smith machines on a bar, but a bar has to stay in front of your shins. They can't take it, except this is freaking reality. With the cables, my hands can be, right? I'll take some of my sides, which is true for dumbbell too. But it's just not the same. So let's get it out done. And honestly, the feel of wrap of the stack was might have been a little too heavy with the feet. Oh, okay. All right. No. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, no. Oh, okay. No, my god. Oh, jeez. Yeah, one more of those. And then I'm ready for quads. Yeah, I'm just getting racked by those hamstrings, curls. You know it. No. No. Oh, yeah, I can't. No. Oh, okay. Let's go do some like extensions. So standard procedure. Five reps from the left side. Well, five in the right, five in the left. And then this is serving as a warm-up set and a working set. So this is not insane weight. And the first five reps on the outside will feel like nothing, like all be able to get five. But by the time I get to like the third or fourth back and fourth, I should start to feel some fatigue built up. And then by the time I'm having trouble even getting those five out, I'll call the set. I'm not necessarily dying to reach a point to my. Absolutely. Completely muscular failure. At least not right now. Fast forward a few months to, you know, carved up muscle building this. That'll be different story. 145. 145. 145. Oh, that'd be good. You're more like that. That's going to be one, not a check of your, the one 60. You got a little bit of a pattern to build up here, because I want this set to be the last year, the last one. And I've been a fast at taste. Not to the point where like I kicked away the pad launchers that I catch it again. That would be too far, but just faster pace more like pumping do some reps. Because as much value as there is in a slow, controlled, squeezing set, I really don't want to do every set of every workout like that. And nor should I. I want to completely lock myself into a box of only one specific style and it kind of sucks because that's all we hear. It's like, oh, you got to do all you reps slow. You got to do full concentric. It'll do a three second, each inch dude. Get a pump. Go hard and do it by any means necessary. Now, I think a good methodical with purpose to that. Just make sure you hit the spectrum on both ends. You know, some more pumpish faster pace reps combine with some slower squeezing holding reps. I think that's the sweet spot being widely trained almost. But let me, yeah. Oh, come on. There we go. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. One more dose. Actually a little lighter. That might have been pushing it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Oh. Let's move on. Let's get a good set of. Moderate weight. Let's go. Once I pick a good set, I need to go along with that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. That's something zijn the rest of us. Yeah. Yeah. necessary to wall generals that one of them. Oh, you're the way. Let's go, ponce down. Oh crap. Oh, that's not supposed to be so heavy. Goodness. I like it. Let's do one set of 60 squats. Just do the finish popping sort of set. And technically this is the second set. Here's the first one. I wanted to do a filler wrap and other though. So I could feel it's pretty good. One more of these. Very very wet stretch focus. Nice focus. Yeah. Oh, fuck. Oh, I'm here. Now let's go close that. Okay, so hamstrings. Very conventional. Quads took a little bit of a turn. But those sea squats felt really good. So if it's just you, like you don't have like a, you know, like a, you know, like a, gym membership or whatever, you know, doing home style workouts. Usually unless you have like some kind of weight to do some weighted quad squats, I would have said you're at a look. But honestly, those 60 squats are a fucking game changer. And why I say that is because just zoom in only on your knee. What do you do during a leg extension, right? That's it. And in a 60 squat, same thing. My body's not moving. Feeling like me is bending on my knees. So be a little careful about him. It is a lot of tension, you know, pretty much your entire body weight going through your knees. I mean, minimal quad, I don't know. Maximum quad activation, minimal glute activation. But solid isolation. And something about the stretch portion too is nuts. I'm not crap at all. Well, okay. These pants are like tied at the bottom. Not going to be able to get them around my shoes. But how are quad's looking? Give me an honest update. Don't hold back. Oh, all right. Now we're getting somewhere. And don't forget, this is with a quad pump too. So, dire and that diet a bit flat. This left quad will look even freakier than it already does with all these kind of cross striations and feathering. Woo. Yeah, right sides a little bit behind. Actually, the right side looks like it's got a little more feathering game down here. The left one, this whole sort of ladder roller, whatever they call it. That's got most of my striated qualities. Well, let's just kind of go through some regular style standing poses. Holy crap. It's already even stand up with my quad's pump right now. Oh, boy. So, as I keep getting leaner, this separating area of quad to hamstring will only get freaky and freaky here. And looks like the calf-free game is coming along reasonably nicely as well. Oh, yeah, the left one's really got some veins going on. Oh, that's cool to see. I'm considering doing some pump check hiatus. And now I'm not confirmed on that yet, but looking at yourself every day, the changes become a little bit more marginal, whereas, you know, if you're diving down, and you only really check yourself out, pumps once a week, you may actually really be able to notice some of the reps changes. And those are very motivating to see. But either way, let's go grab my stuff and get the car. I am tired. There we go. That was a good one. That was a good one. To the point, did not require one million different kinds of sets, and one million different kind of super, whatever. Honestly, I think my leg days and some of my lifts are going to begin to get much simpler. Like, that leg press was not even working with me. Something that definitely the pressing just gets harder and harder, which, I mean, my sound obvious. But, yeah, I would have been better off not even doing that once, and just doing a few supersets of the leg extensions, Sissy Squad combo. So, the legs days might become a little bit monotonous, but I'm trying to fight against the internal hype to try to do some crazy sets of squats. Now, even today when I was doing those sets of leg extensions, I was kind of getting myself abdupped again. I was just making this happen, come on. I did four plates squats a week ago. Let's do five plates squats today. Like, I was running through the motions, I'm like, okay, let's do it five. But I managed to quail the ego liftor within and be okay. Because, I mean, if I go to Heaven, just gonna tweak my stuff, it sucks. But, that's what I can curb my inner need to lift a bunch of weight for the benefit of. One thing, not hurt myself, and just the overarching goals of longevity beyond. And I know when I start bulking up again, the weights will come along with it. Not that lifting a ton of weight is the point, but it is cool. Like, there's no getting around that. Doing a really heavy set of squats, having it feel good, not hurt yourself afterward, and knowing that you stimulated your quads enough to induce growth in a bulking phase is a pretty awesome situation to be in. So, I can weigh a little while before I get back into it. But, what else is there to say, and I'm gonna, should have a morning weight update tomorrow. I haven't been tracking my weight every day, just because every day isn't really like feasible. Because I might be a little, or might have a little more water or food in my stomach for the night before, or for whatever reason, everything might have cleared out of my system a little bit more, so then I'm like a pound lighter than normal. It's, there's some variability too. But, one little tip I can say for sure is if you're weighing yourself, there's pretty much only one time that I would recommend it to get an actual, like, reasonably accurate representation of how much you actually weigh. And that is gonna be in the morning, in the nude, after you've gone to the bathroom, and before you've drank anything. I just had a group of guys that this gym get into a real fancy, basically a weight debate, because one of the guys was telling them, Dude, I weighed 210 at my scale at home, and then he came to the gym, and he stepped on the scale, and he was 190. Or maybe it was some kind of huge disparity like that. Now that I think is just some of these scales were off, but, like, I really am not joking. If you weigh yourself with shoes and clothes and everything else, I mean, that's an extra four or five pounds, maybe, that isn't really your body weight. And if you weigh yourself anytime after you've started eating, your weight could be pretty crazy different. I mean, if I were to weigh myself in the morning, empty stomach versus later on of the day after I've eaten some food and drank it's on a water, I could weigh 10 more pounds over the course of just a couple of hours. That's not 10 pounds of fat or muscle, it's just food and water, you know. So if you want to real accurate, like, trackable time to weigh yourself, it's gonna be right in the morning, after the bathroom, before breakfast. I actually look at that data over time and think, okay, well, now I'm starting to see some reasonably accurate trends because day by day, your weight's gonna fluctuate anyway. You know, you're gonna be going up and down two or three pounds. Let's say, maybe one little craze in the night before, gave yourself a refeed, be it planned or unplanned. Dude, you just jumped three pounds. Or maybe one day, your little, you felt a little sick or something, you didn't eat enough food, you just didn't drink enough water, whatever. You might drop five pounds. You know, so don't stress about your day by day weight. What you should be more concerned with is your week by week, you know, by weekly, weight checkings. Because if you're not seeing any changes over the course of, like, weeks, then that's an indication of a problem. And that's telling you, or it should be at least, like, okay. My weight isn't changing. I'm exactly the same weight that I was two weeks ago, and I've been trying to die it down. I'm not getting any leaner, so, you know, that's an indication that whatever it is that you're doing is not enough. Which doesn't sound very fun, but it's just sometimes that's an nature of it. So, don't think that is a bad thing. You know, a lot of people can get very discouraged by not seeing the scale drop or not seeing the scale go up, if they're in a bullpen phase. But I don't see it that way. You know, it's just simply an objective indicator of whether what the routine that you're doing in the calories that you're eating and everything else is enough. So, it makes it pretty simple. If I'm not losing a poundish a week, and that's my cue, holy crap, Sam. You get to start up in the cardio, or it might be time to drop your calories by, you know, a hundred or even two hundred. All right, little things like that. And it's really that simple. Now, it's not that easy, but it is that simple, you know. So, it's, like I said in the car on the way here, it's really just a eating enough food to reach whatever your goal is, or not eating as much food as you would potentially like to. Like, I'm kind of feeling right now. I was, I was just talking to somebody who had just finished a dieting phase, and he was basically, he didn't mean to do it. But he was kind of rubbin' in my face as I do it. Once you don't with this diet bro, the food tastes four times as good, and I'm like, okay. Don't tell me that right now. Don't tell me that as I'm going home to my big, tougher, where full of ground beef with, like, just barbecue sauce. And that's like my treat for the night. But that's okay. The fact that it's hard means it's, uh, means it's valuable. Okay, so I think that's all I gotta say there for the post-lift action. Ideally, or not ideally, but I predict that the freak factor will continue to increase. And now all I have to do is manifest that prediction into a tangible reality by tracking all my calories into my macro tracker, avoiding Ben and Jerry's and Krispy Creme and Cinematos Crunchy and all costs, which so far has been manageable, but you know, who's to say it's time that begins to pass. So we all just have to see. But I can guarantee you this. I will keep you updated. So I will see you for what I hope to be, the freakiest chess pump yet. Maybe not the freakiest ever. I have been leaner than this before, so I'm still working on getting in a new territory. But we're getting close to leanest ever. And then soon enough, I'll be able to say, I'm beyond the leanest ever been. And that would become my new peak. But until then, I was just to see you tomorrow.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 78 - Merry Chestmas Eve [pH99hREiDH4].txt ===

There we go. Alright, so planned for this reasonably early chest day. It's only 136. It's to fill my chest, left peg, right peg, and potentially some dealt action with as much blood as a humanly possible for me today. How I'm going to go about that? We'll just have to see. I can guarantee that there is going to be some plate loaded pressing action. There's a lot of the gyms that have been going to don't have this particular machine. We've got this gym does have, and it hasn't been coming here for a little while. So I can tell I've been doing a lot of cable-based pressing combined with like, you know, smith or barbell, but yeah. For today, making a little bit of a further trip so I can go to a gym that has a bit more machine pressing available. And sometimes it isn't given take like that. Like personally, I'm a pretty big fan of having multiple gym memberships. We're not just because each gym has different stuff that is kind of the main reason why I'm coming here today, but it's just nice. You know, it's a different place. It changes it up. And this might just be me, but sometimes the same gym gets a little bit more honest. But it's really to each their own. And it's playing a fitness still doing that free three month summer thing. Just wait for that to come around and try it out and see how you like it. But you know, that's the plan. And then I need to curb a mighty go, strength wise, and not lift too heavy. That's something that I've been pretty good about with quads, like I haven't been doing any insane sets of like, you know, smith swad and like press or anything. I've had it back off and touched. But I got to do the same thing with chest two. So I don't want to see any four plate action going around to keep it moderate. Because what am I trying to do here? You know, I'm not building any new tissue. All the stimulus that have given myself in the gym today. And for these next few months while I'm dieting down, it's not to completely destroy everything that I've got access to. It's just to totally reset my system, you know, or I know what it was at recent resistance. It's to stimulate whatever muscle of already built up and maintain it. You know, I don't need to completely thrashed my chest nor should I simply because I don't have the necessary recovery, right? Food and sleep, mainly food in this case. That's one thing that's really being restricted. So this is the time when I would be much more concerned about the idea of overdoing it, right? Overtreem because in a roundabout way, you could say that if I go too heavy and I start doing too much weight based stuff that I'm not really ready for, then I'd be overtreem. I think a better explanation for that isn't necessarily overtreening. More so, it's going to be along the lines of under recovery. Because if you're eating in a bulking caloric intake, you can go pretty nuts on the regular in the gym and be able to come back from it and do it again. But in a deficit, especially damn near a 2000 calorie intake deficit, I get to be a little bit more methodical with this training, much more stimulation rather than an eye-election. But, I mean, no point in appointing a loot, a loot, a looting to it, any further? How about we just get started with whatever movement number one that's available? Let's not get too crazy. Mimnits of thrichlates. Mimnits. Mimnits. Ah, one or two more. Holy crap. This might be the first lift I'm really feeling that that was the last one. Oh, my god. One more of these. Maybe you dropped it. And then this will fly. Oh, my god. One more of these. Maybe you dropped it. And then this will fly. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, that's enough. Oh, my god. Let's move on. Let's get a straight set of pep deck going. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh, yeah. Oh, one more. And then I think finishing with that flat chest muscle is perfect. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Just got to double trouble both the other chest presses. I was going to grab her occupied. It's pretty good too. Don't. Let's do it. Sit here. Do you have feels? If I'm fully pumped, I'll follow. And if we go move on, it's something else. That's good. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my god. Oh. Oh. Huh. You give them to the skies. Let's see one more. How did you feel? Really good today. Usually I give a ton of burnt doubts here. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh my god. Oh. Let's go pull it down. Just complete. Okay. There we go. Exposure at a freaky level. I think there's nothing else to discuss. Hard sets of a variety of styles. Some more brutish. Some more squeezing isolation focused in others. Overall, I'd say I ended up doing a pretty damn freaky pop. If I do say so myself. But let's just let it, you know, do it on top. Oh my gosh. Oh my god. Holy crap. You can just stand in here. Maybe not lightheaded, but I can tell it. Built up some pretty silly itch you need. So for you, let's go to the car. For me, I'm going to camp out on the cardio bike for a little bit longer. But this is a pretty good step in the right direction, especially right around here. Like these real grainy looking lines. That's what I really live in before. I can now I want to do one more of a like most mustier to look at. Oh my god. Yeah, for you, let's go to the car for me. Got a little more cardio to do. That was what I would call a good lift. Kind of dense. Definitely felt some calorie deficit induced fatigue. But in no way, do I want that to come off as a complete? Not only just because it's like this is just part of the deal. You know, even for the calorie deficit, if I want to get extra lean, it's just the nature of course. But if you really like dwell and you just focus on the downsides of things, then how can you ever expect to make anything freaking cool happen? You know, so two guys can come into the gym. They've only eaten a thousand calories so far. They're feeding for some grub. You know, I'm not going to let's be real. It would probably feel pretty good to have like a quick, like gas station stop and get a bunch of cookies or whatever kind of sweets like that. Like that's certainly a force sort of rising up from my belly. It means mainly right now. But my brain is telling myself rightfully so. That's not conducive of what your goals are, right? I was about to say suck it up. Maybe not suck it up to per se. But it's like, you know, if you want to do something, even if it's hard, sometimes you really do just have to stick with it. Because if you don't, then guess what? The results are lack thereof. We'll show themselves regardless. So it's like, oh man, I should really be, I should really try to get in shape this year. You know, I've been meaning to do it. It's that statement. It's very powerful. There's a very strong and vast amount of potential behind that statement. But it's got to be actualized. It's got to be taken into reality by way of just consistent action. And it's not glamorous. It's not fun. It's not really exciting every day to make sure you're in a deficit. Every day to make sure you're doing a half hour cardio. Or if you're trying to get extra crazy and hour cardio in the morning. And then 30 minutes of cardio after your workout. Like, it's, that's not really the fun part because it's pretty uncomfortable. And the results that you're aiming for are going to take weeks to, you know, make themselves a lot of money. You know, make themselves a parent. But those, that time is going to pass anyway. Right? So think about it like this. We'd rather look back in the last four months or three months or even just a few weeks. And be able to say to yourself, yeah, we're hard. I've been locked in. How you? Or man. Can't believe I finished the battle pass in three days. Nice. You know, and a contrary to popular belief. Those two things can go hand-in-hand. You know, the fitness isn't supposed to, um, it's not supposed to make your life revolve around it. It's just supposed to add to it, you know? So, and, I'd like to say, add to it. No, add to it. So it's like, I'm taking the too far. Anybody who's the serious gym rat like bodybuilder, S kind of guy, they're making the gym their thing. And sometimes they have to add this little disclaimer. Like, I don't think everybody should take it that far. I think everybody should have a thing that they really dive into. And if that thing ends up being like fitness or working out, then that's totally cool. But everybody should be working out at least a bit. I mean, it's, uh, we all know it too. You know, this year, everybody in their mom is going to be talking about, oh, man. Uncle Jeff, he said he was going to start lifting again. Just like he said last year. Just like he said the year before that. Like, it's going to be a topic of conversation, you know. And even if it's not brought up, like, I'm not even joking. Like, there's no hint of anything here. And like, I'm not trying to dog and anybody specifically either. But if you've got a bit of a better grasping control over your general fitness, I feel like you're just coming at basically every situation in life with a little bit more of an advantage. So, I mean, that's why you're never going to hear me stop talking about the calories and the mac rows and the training and making sure you're well hydrated and well slept. Because it doesn't just have to do with, like, your physicality and like, how you get to walk around and like, how good you look or anything. But the rest, the diet, the hydration. If those things are all in place, just going about life is so much nicer. You know, if you don't get enough sleep, odds are you're going to be more irritable. You're going to have less fun doing your day just because you're, like, residually stressed from, you know, getting four hours of sleep on average per night. Same thing if all you, if all you drink is like, you know, some kind of Starbucks, something or other, and then a Coke zero for lunch, and maybe another one for dinner or, you know, and the problem isn't the fact that it's a diet soda. The problem is you only drink like 750 milliliters of water for the entire day, or I guess what would that be in courts? A court? I don't know. I get, I'm, when it comes to liquids, so much more metric minded. But, you know, the problem isn't that you had a diet soda. The problem is you drink less than a liter of water for an entire day. It's not enough. So if you've got all those things in place, just everything that you do, you'll be able to enjoy more. So, you know, I can hear me stop talking about that for, well, forever. But, either way, planned for today's post-workout meal. I can guarantee that there will be some, what will there be? There'll be some ground beef. I just got a bunch of ground turkey. I'm probably going to cook that once my ground beef stores have been depleted. Because what I've been doing is I just cook about five pounds worth at once in a big pot. You know, low, slow, just let it kind of simmer until it's browned. Strain off the fat, poured into a bowl with like three paper, three layers of paper towels on the bottom. Three on top. Give it a good, smoosh, to kind of squeeze out some of the extra fat. But, yeah, I need to get a bit more control over that. Because I'm not exactly sure how much fat is in each ounce of that ground beef. Because it's going to vary based on like the butcher and the amount of everything. Like, I've even seen some comments saying the guys were there, you know, behind the scenes, somehow or another. And they've got a good understanding of like, yeah, that body, body. Yeah, that lean, like percentage of the ground beef is kind of just an estimate. Like, it can vary pretty vastly. So that's where I think if I want to, you know, make sure I've got as complete a grasp over my calorie intake as possible. I got to switch to some more lean, dedicated protein sources. Cartons of egg whites are absolutely perfect because they have a negligible amount of fat, like less than a gram. So I know that I'm not getting extra calories in that I haven't taken account of. And I think the lean turkey, like the 99% ground turkey, will be able to do the same thing for me. Plus, it's not as like, I mean, not to swear or chill. But it's not as trash as the deli-turk. Like, don't worry, I'm aware that the deli-turk is probably not as awesome as the ground turkey. And now that I say that makes me curious, is the ground turkey even better. Because when the ground turkey just be at like a few steps before, well, either way, I want to make sure that I don't let any stray calories into my system that I haven't taken account of. Because if I do, I'm screwed. The whole point of tracking everything and making sure I do all this cardio and training and weigh myself is I want to make sure that every day I'm eating this much. And I'm eating this many calories and I'm burning this many calories. And this little gap right here, it's a deficit, right? So if I'm in a 300 or something calorie deficit, then what that means is every day I'm going to be burning about a tenth-ish of a pound of body fat. Somebody corrected me the comments before, so I think I forget the real number. But the basic just is if you eat 2500 calories a day and you stay the same weight. Or if you go online and you look up maintenance calorie calculator, you plug in your height, your weight, your activity level, your age, all sorts of everything. It gives you a good estimate of how many calories your body is burning every day. So let's say your 19 male, 5.10, 100 at a pounds, 12% body fat. You get some abs, you get some bicep veins. You work at 6 days a week, so you write like 6 times a week, vigorous exercise, enter. And it's going to come out with, let's just say, 2700 calories. So what that would mean is if you eat 2700 calories per day, you're going to stay the same weight. Now, I mean, you might main game muscle slowly over time. I'm not against main gaming, but what I'm trying to get at is if that guy specifically wants to lose about, you know, let's say a pound of body fat per week, assuming that a pound of body fat is worth 3000 calories, which might be wrong, just some just saying, you know, for the sake of this little analogy, then that would mean that every day of that week, he has to be in about a 400 calorie deficit. That would add up to that 3000 calorie limit. So every day, if he ate 2300 calories, he should lose about that much weight per week, because that deficit will add up. So if every day I'm in a 300 calorie deficit, after 100 days, I will have been essentially in a 30,000, yeah, a 30,000 calorie deficit, which if a pound of body fat is worth 3000 calories, that would put me at 10 pounds lost. So if it was 2500, then I would look at it. But that's the just, making sure that every day you burn this much, and you only eat this much. And as much value as there is in some of the fasting, like all the literature of like, well, you know, if you do fast it high intensity, cardio, interval training, you actually burn 14% more body fat than if you do, look, there's total value to that, and I bet these studies are freaking cutting edge, but there really is no getting around. You have to eat less calories than you burn every day. And it really can be as simple as that. Now obviously there's a lot of tips and tricks to make sure you eat protein, you focus meals, so my fluff kind of foods, a lot of vegetables. Like every time I make eggs now, I add about half a bag of like a pre-chop salad, and you do it so that once the eggs are fully cooked, they have a little bit more body to them. And I feel more full because I physically just eat more food at the cost of only like six grams of carbs, and the vegetables. But that really all, that's, that really all it is. That's really all there is to it. At the most boiled down level, obviously it's very detailed thing to really lock into or routine like that because you got to take a new count. You're on a situation what you can stick to, the kind of foods that you like, foods that don't agree with you. I mean, not to, not to get too personal here, but if we're talking about dieting, I mean it's worth mentioning, there are these little like flavored tuna packets, where it's just an unsealed thing, like an aluminum, whatever container. And there was one that I just loved, it was like a honey barbecue. It was like three grams of carbs, two grams of fat, like 14 grams of protein per pouch. And it tasted awesome. I've, I've made videos about it before, like way back in the archive, I'm sitting at a post-work at Meoward Brots, low carb bun to put some of those tuna packets on it. But for whatever reason, it just completely turns my stomach upside down in backwards if you don't say it. So it's like that food specifically, does not agree with me. And that's something that you can only find out from, you know, practice it, this kind of stuff. You know, so it's, you're not going to hear me stop talking about it, because that's where I feel a lot of platos that can be broken through. Whether you're a power lifter, regular kind of bodybuilder, you're just trying to go on a solid fat loss, like journey progression, then, I mean, if you're not looking into the calorie side of things and the dieting side of things, then, you know, you're trying to play chess without half your characters, you know, without half your pieces. And they're right there, but it does take a little while to get used to learning the gist. So if I have one idea, if I have one like, that's the word, well, idea that I get somehow in depth, into all lifters across the world, tomorrow, just like, what was it like, the three body problem where everybody like heard the same thing? But either way, if I could take one idea and it's still into the minds of all lifters, it would be trying to put, not even try, put a lot of value over your calorie intake. And then, you know, do it for a few months and just see what happens, you know, no pressure. But I think that's all I got to say there. I am going to sleep like a baby, I can guarantee it. I'm all, I get it actually probably fight off taking a nap because if I took a two hour nap right now, I am going to have some trouble going to sleep later tonight. But either way, I'm going to recover from this workout, continue my, what's the word, light policies, fat loss, and then just keep this shit going. So, I would say tomorrow for what I hope to be my vanniest backpump yet. I love that I can say that, as much as I love being bulked up, being lean is pretty cool too. So, I get the best of both worlds with the bulk of the cutting. So, I'll see you tomorrow.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 79 - Back - Merry Liftmas [ELZVy2c40mc].txt ===

Alright, so today, today is a rough one. And the reason I say that is because across the nation or at least any Christmas celebrating places, a lot of gyms are going to be closed with no consideration for the gym rats who are still going to work out on Christmas. So the reason I say that, that means there's going to be a lot of unplanned hand and potentially unnecessary rest days, which I've got nothing wrong with a rest day. Frankly, I'm planning on taking one here pretty soon myself. But what I don't love is just taking them arbitrarily. I mean, what's the, oh, that's somehow spent virginity. But it's like, look, I'm not saying you are like not giving it 100% if you're not going to work out on Christmas or I knew you're so any time other else, whatever. But you wouldn't hurt. So if you've got a gym that's 24 hour access or anything like that, hopefully you can make use of it. So that's how I'm a little spoiled. I get some special access for tonight. But either way, I wouldn't stress doing that. Make a few gyms closed. Don't feel too bad. Like I've had a lot of lifts that were shut down, just due to whatever. I probably the worst one. Once this is like a pretty bad snowstorm. I've had a couple snowstorm stories, generally, but this is a while ago back when I was in school. Everything was shut down. Like roads, school, all classes, all work, everything. And I called the head and the plan of fitness that was 15 miles over. They said they were open. So in my mind, I'm like, yep, let's make my way over there. Now, of course, I was, I don't want to say almost crash or anything. But it was pretty slick. There was no cruise in the 30 miles an hour down the road. Like this was like, if you were going 20, you were probably going too quick kind of a situation. Like a real snow emergency. And I get there and they had shut down shop. It was progressively getting more and more snowy. So they decided to call it, shut it down. And of course, there's no way to tell because if you call it, you know, nobody answers, but there's no, they don't post out on their Facebook or their Instagram or anything. So it's kind of just like up to you. But either way, I go over there, totally closed. Luckily enough, there was another gym just a couple miles down the road. That's 24 hours. And there. Well, they didn't let me in per se. It was daytime. So the doors were just kind of open. So I had legs that day, I walked in, checking out and go up a couple of guys who were warming up. I say, did you guys check in or make his members here? And then they tell me, no man, I'm the same boat as you. We just showed up because the people who were supposed to be working, they didn't maybe want to show up. But either way, all that's to say, you know, one lift isn't in the hardship. But when that one, what's one lift is going to hurt? Mentality starts to take a little bit too much hole and starts to become a repetitive thing. Then it's no longer, well, one lift won't hurt. If you say that a lot, then the statement becomes false. Now it's like, dude, you know, 30 lift won't hurt. A few weeks off won't hurt. You know, come on, bro. You've been dieting for a year, always dieting. And I never see anything good. Well, let's go ahead beat ups right now. I could probably no holds bar just going nuts eat about 8,000 calories in a day. If I was thinking to myself, okay, I just want to go totally nuts anything I want to eat. Let's just eat it. Who cares about what my goals are? I'm hungry. Let's only try to, like, please my stomach and everything else related to it. And if that were the case, yeah, let me tell you something. That would not be good in a dieting context. That would, oh my goodness. I mean, that could, that's four days from the calories. Oh, that's four days with my calorie intake. That I could probably just slam by letting loose. So all that's to say is the one day won't hurt mentality. I think is inherently flawed. I was going on about this a couple of days ago. Or maybe he's yesterday and the drive back to the gym. But yeah, one lift won't hurt if that statement was true. Like taking a couple of days off here and there, you're not scheduling whatever. Like don't stress. But when that becomes a habitual thing, you can go from locked in the locked out pretty damn quick. And in a dieting context, oh, context, context. You could completely undo two weeks of good work with a diet in one day of a crazy refute surplus. Like just go on this cheat day. It's not, and that's where the long term delay gratification side of it comes because you know, one day a dieting is kind of as uncomfortable as it's going to get. And it's not even a noticeable change. Like I don't look in the mirror one day to the next or even every couple of days to the next and think to myself, wow, I'm so much leaner than it was before. Like when I look at the changes from like month to month or two months, it's pretty drastic. Like I always see all the, like all the sand edits and stuff. And there's clips from the end of this last bulking phase to now. And that is a, that is a pretty noticeable. All different in leanness, but you know, it's been almost three months of like straight dieting without really any hiccups at all. So it's going to take a little while. All that is, so all that's to say, try to put some more value on like two month, even three month long terms to start to see progress. Because anything short of that, I mean, you're just not going to get the return on the investment that you're aiming for. For anybody who's a bit more short-sighted and needs like an instant like, okay, I want to be this like damn it. It's not going to happen with that. But if you can get used to just day and day out, work out this time, add cardio this time, start getting the new macros before you know it. Like I love saying this a lot of the time is going to pass anyway. There's no stopping that. So six months later, the guy who's locked in for the versus the guy who's not, it can be pretty drastic, especially in a fat loss context, you know, really locking into a deficit, even just starting the gym at all versus nine can be pretty substantial in terms of the changes that you can make. Even just half a year. So if that's anything that you guys are thinking about for going to the next year, I mean, before you know what it's going to be July, it'll be like that. And I can say that with certain TV is I'm kind of just thinking back to a couple of times like last year or even like years ago when I thought that exact thing in myself, like this time, you know, I feel like it was just three years ago or just four years ago. It's like the time is going to pass. Now you have the control of either being able to look back and think, all right, did I kill it or what's a good word and what's a good phrase that could rhyme with that? Did I kill it or did I, did I shrill it? I don't know either way, fast forward six months, the guy who's locked in is going to be able to look back and think, wow, I'm going to wait a different spot than I was before. Yippee, that's a pretty cool thing to be able to say. It's definitely the minority, the majority of people, well, they probably won't even start a new age resolution, they'll just say they're going to do it. But if you're here, we, we already know what we're doing, right? We get the gist. So I think no more chatin. Let's just go get this back pump started. So I've got three options for the most part. I've got pull downs, pullovers and rows. And for back, that's pretty much it. I mean, you got dead lifts, but not really a deadlift or in general. And also, dieting down probably not your best bet. I mean, my hamstrings are probably still beyond fire from legs to days. So the dead lifting, hip-hinging back focused stuff, that's off the table. So I have a habit of starting with a lot of pull downs. So I think the spirit of changing things up, let's start with some single arm pullovers. And I like the one arm more, it's just, I can just feel it better. Like if I have a rope right here, then something about like, you missed pullover movement with both arms at once. I feel like I kind of run into myself, you know, whereas if I have one arm, I'm going to move it like facing away from the cable. I just feel like I can squeeze my lats way harder if you maybe catch my drift. But let's do five on either side, repeat until cooked. And then probably do that a couple more times. Less side first. And this is a moderate weight for sure. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Oh my gosh. Yeah, I want to more those. Yeah, let's get my last skill. Your choice for set number one, or movement for one rather. No. No. No. It's jam. Oh my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Let's move on. Awesome. Two sets as a let. Let's get some shoulder width grip neutral pull ups. So the fact that I'm dieted down and I'm a little bit lighter, this is actually a reason that's set. And one thing that I've definitely noticed is I'm doing some of these reps quick, like fast, rapid style sets. I think half a reason I'm doing that is because my endurance is much lower on a set by set basis than when I'm bolt. It's almost like a hard quick set is easier than a slow long one. Plus definitely feels like it's working. Yeah. We got that's here. Give it a few. Here we go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my gosh. One more douse. Oh, goodness. Oh. Oh. Dude. Oh my gosh. Let's move on to something real focused. Last mighty be over coach after four in a row. Seat of some kind. This is Benchewl do perfectly. How about yay far from a floor height cable. And then two de-handles. So the stack, especially some of these like cable fly stacks, not the craziest thing in the world. So do a set of these rows, especially with two arms or once. But the fact that it's a little lighter means I really want to feel my shoulders. Feel like they're trying to wrap around my spine and touch behind me. Same with my shoulder blades and my elbows. But probably elbows is the easiest to imagine. But either way, this would even be more squeeze focused. Yeah. You know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. One more. I'm going to make these some kind of pies reps. So in the beginning one I'm strong. Half or yep. Stop. Then finish the second part of the rep. And it's not magically more stimulating. But it just kind of helps me really focus on the squeeze. This really helped me feel my biceps on dumbbell curls. Instead of just feeling like I'm pulling my hands. Doing some rest spas reps or some, I guess you'd say half paws reps helps me with that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I got a plan. One more set should be all that's necessary. So I'll explain that set exactly one second. So nasty reps exactly the same as the last set and the C-dero. And then jump over here to this pull down, which at 100 or so pounds should be enough weights. Oh, I can have a let's see 130. The point of this is enough weights to feel it squeeze and burn. But you know, not so much weight that I started using my traps or my my forms and my biceps to lift it. Because I'm not doing a full time pull that I'm doing just back. So this should let my whole traps to last get fully pumped. Then we can find some freaky lighting and see how we're looking. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I got a few. Yeah. Oh, that's enough. Let's see how we're looking. There we go. All right. The rare natural lighting posing. Usually I come into the gym so late there's no, there's not even any natural lighting to enjoy. But luckily enough it's just bright enough to get some going. So let's see how we're looking. We'd have fully pumped back. See you later. Oh. Oh. Oh, yeah. Oh, my gosh. All right. Well, fully pumped. I feel like I'm getting reasonably freaky honestly. That's sort of a shot right there when you're a little bit of extra zoom in action. So we're definitely getting leaner, but I'm getting a couple of comments where some of you're like, Oh, you're so ready right now. Let's just say I wish. No, show ready is a few levels freaky here than this, which I guess you just make me even more excited because that means I'm even leaner. That's at the cost of still no more treats for the wild. Would you like to take it? But I'll be lying to you if I said it was like absolutely effortless. What do you do way? Back done? I got a little bit of cardio to do. Let's get the car. There we go. All right. 30 minutes complete. It wasn't even that bad. Like with the cardio, I'm not going to lie to you. I'm not going to sit here and tell you cardio is the most fun activity in the freaking planet. That would simply just not be true. But I'm not going to under or over. It's the word. Overestimated. It's difficult to eat either. I mean, it's not the hardest thing. It just kind of takes a while. I saw somebody comment and the comment was a little sleazy. The guy who was basically like, you know, cardio isn't even that hard. It's boring. Well, that's sort of the part that makes it hard. You know, the fact that you have to just sit there and pedal and do it. You know, so, well, to a to a to rabbits running around there. That's fun. But yeah, I mean, it's not the most exciting thing in the world. You sit there. You're pedaling time slows like the theory of relativity. I'm talking Einstein's style. I'm sure he must have had a side, probably a side theory. At least if he was in the fitness where he would say, time appears to pass it about 40% normal speed, whilst sitting on a cardio bike, which he's probably about right. But luckily enough, we've got this, right? The most exciting, interesting, brain-stimulating thing on the freaking planet, which can be a bit too much sometimes. Obviously, you know, he and that's what's been on your phone 24-7. But for a little time like that, I mean, that is the perfect time to sit around and just straight plane your phone and watch some shows or stuff. Because that's all you're trying to do really pass the time. You know, so I can guarantee that 80% of us are spending easily two hours a day at least completely wasted just sitting on our phone doing nothing. And I am not an exception that is for sure. So if I'm already getting spent sometimes just sitting on my phone doing nothing else, why not pedal man? And that's where having a cardio bike at home is pretty cool. I'm thinking about getting one. I don't have so much space at the apartment. So it's like, I don't really want a cardio bike to be the center of the linearum. That might be a little much. But I do have this little, like, little kind of apartment gym. It's right there. So it does make doing the cardio kind of easy having that stuff right out right next to it. So that's where I would recommend. I guess it's a little bit late. This would be, you know, a delayed Christmas gift to you to yourself or two somebody that you might know. But there's a million pieces of cardio equipment all over like Craigslist and everything else. So if you notice somebody with a truck or like your car with a, you know, some room space in the back. A cardio bike at the house that needs to, you know, it plugs in. It's the same as the ones in the gym. It might not be as tough or whatever, but still solid. That's only like probably a hundred or maybe 200 bucks away. So, you know, it's like that is definitely going to save you some time. And just having it there, I think that helps. So I usually end up going to the gym anyway for the cardio. But that's kind of because I sort of just like the environment, but any time I'm going to rush having the cardio equipment at home has been a freaking life safer. So that's where I would, I mean, I'm sure you probably have a treadmill sitting in your, in your basement or if you've moved out in your parents basement, which is now just kind of holding stuff. I mean, I've got a, in my parents basement, we've still got the treadmill and it's covered in boxes now. It's just not getting any use. So even though it might feel like a little much having the cardio bike at the house is pretty nice. That actually, I've been looking into some of the ones where it's like just the pedal apparatus. And then you can sit on your own seat or whatever. Like imagine having that under my desk and then you could just sit there and pedal. But I probably won't, won't my office chair to get like drenched in sweat. And none of them look good. Like those ones are like, like I'm scanning the Amazon, like 300 bucks and I think it looks really cheap. So there's, there's kind of go, not any getting around the size component of it. But the at home cardio bike, that is definitely a freaking hack. And then I guess, kind of playing into the same theme as when you're driving to the gym. Haven't some equipment at home. Definitely nice because you don't have to go anywhere. And more so it's, you don't have any excuses not to use it because it's right free in there in front of you. You know, so just something to think about. If you've got some spare space or you guess you can put it outside, might get a little cold though. I don't know if I'm going to do cardio in the sub 10 degree weather that we're going to get in the next couple of weeks. But either way, that puts me in about 1,300 calories. So far consumed. I've got about 100 grams of protein left and about 40 ish grams of carbs. So I'm going to try my damn does not to exceed that, which I don't think you'll have much trouble with, but still. It's definitely something I've got to be very conscious about at all times. Because if I wasn't being completely OCD and tracking every single macro and calorie that I'm eating, I wouldn't get the dieting results that I'm aiming for. Like there really is no getting around the fact that you have to be on it. With the training, you can train a little bit more casually, like do a three times a week for a while if you're extra busy here. Like you can tone back on the training and you still see some results. Like you're not going to be totally screwed or anything. But with a dieting, like if your end goal is fat loss, there really is no getting around the fact that you have to be tracking the stuff. Every meal. Because if you don't, then spare calories add up and they add up so quick. It's not even funny. Like I can't even, it's kind of hard to explain it, but it's maybe not explained, but it's not something you usually think about. Because right now I'm tracking everything. Every time I eat some like cubed steak that I made in the suvi and have like sitting in the Tupperware, I'm weighing out the amount that I just ate or I'm staying with the ground beef and same with the loaf at mannings. Like if you've got to weigh it all out and make sure I don't. Because if I don't, then let's say I'm eating 2,100 calories right now. And I have to keep at or below and very rarely I might below that limit to continue getting leaner. So if I don't track a couple of squirts to catch up, if I don't track a couple dollops of barbecue sauce, or maybe I open the pantry. Oh, I don't know if they're called. You know the orange like peanut butter crackers like that come in packs like for kids lunches. I really like those. I have a few sitting in the cupboard if I ever want one. But if I were to open the pantry and think, oh, I might want to have one of these. I have four put it back. You didn't even think about it. I don't feel full. I barely ate anything. But let's say I do that even just four times in one day. That could be 150 calories every time. Maybe not with the ketchup, I believe the barbecue sauce. But you know, even the craziest thing is the like general consensus of like what healthy food is or isn't. Even always freaking accurate men. Would you think that like ranch and carrots is a healthy snack? Would you think that like peanut butter and celery is a healthy snack? I would argue. Yes. And it's not like it's bad for you. That's not an upset. But it's like if I'm trying to get leaner, just eating foods that are, you know, can put in the envelope of like healthy. It's not going to work because they still have a ton of freaking calories, man. I mean, I can have 500 calories probably without even thinking about it. If I took a tub of peanut butter and sort of dip in celery sticks into it for like five minutes. Like five sticks of celery with some peanut butter scooped on it, that could, I mean, if I'm really eating a lot, that could be 800 calories. That's almost half the calories. I even half the eat or get to eat per day and just one second, you know? So what I'm trying to emphasize is like if you're not on it, then it's like leaving a plate of, it's like leaving a dinner plate out and your dog is sitting right there looking at it. If you don't want them to get that plate, if you don't want to eat your food, you've gotta be watching. Because the second you turn around, boom! Dinner gone. So, or in my case, Rocky, actually all three of the cats are there bad. They will take food off my plate if I leave it there. Which I guess is nice because it makes me keep the kitchen clean. Like I can't leave food out, but still. It's like you gotta be watching this stuff a hundred percent of the time. And that's not like an exaggeration. Like I don't want to make that sound like you gotta be on your shit 24-7 grind. Like that's not what I'm trying to get at. It's just a matter of fact that if whatever goal you have that is related to your calorie intake, then you just have to be on it, man. So, that's why I really push the calorie tracker and like count your macros and everything. Having that app open at all times, like, it just lets you get a grasp of just how much food you're really eating. And I'm not even saying that you have to, or that it's a good idea. It's a start, like, full-bore, macrotracking, crazy, huge deficit, or crazy huge bulk at a nowhere. Because then it's too much. Like you're trying to add away to many variables. But I really can't stress the value of just having a macrotracker. And then for a few days, I'm not even saying weeks just for a few days. Try as like just a challenge for yourself to see how much food you're really eating. Like 80% of the food that reading anyway has a macrotracker on it, or a nutrition facts on the back. Flip it over. Okay, I just had this bag of cool ranch Doritos. 10 grams of fat, 24 grams of carbs, 2 grams of protein. Put it in the oven. And just for the day, I guess for the day would be the first step. Just really see how much food you ate that day. And odds are, after just one day of doing that, day two will feel much easier. Day three will feel much easier. Before you know it, you're a damn macrotracker at heart. You know? So I can't get over it. Because if I wasn't doing that, if I wasn't limiting my calories, I wouldn't be getting leaner. I'd just stay the same size, which is another wrongly that. If that were my goal, but I'm trying to trim body fat. So that's the only way I know how to do it. Right? Make sure I burn more fuel than I consume so that my body has to break into its reserves. A.K.A. right? The little bit of blood in between skin and heart core beef. And I want that layer to be as thin as possible, so I can look as freaky as possible. Now, if I were dieting purely in between bulks, like I usually do, then I'd probably be almost over. Like, I'm leaning enough to the point where I would be comfortable starting a new bulk. And I feel like my appetite's kind of reset, like I'm back to baseline. But that's not the end goal of this dieting phase. We're taking it a couple levels further. So tomorrow I have gotten an arm day. Probably arms in a little bit of shoulders. Half just because, I don't, it's shoulders that much. They're kind of developed over-developed compared to my arms, so I don't feel like I'm really missing out too bad. But especially right now, I mean, I'm not building any new muscle. So, me as well, pump that some, pump that some lateral raises and face bowls. I've got a lot of blood flowing and see how they look extra inflated. And then paired with a freaky arm pump too. That'll be pretty cool. But either way, I'm headed to Christmas Eve dinner. So, one last little note here, Mary Freak and Liftless. I will see you tomorrow for what I hope to be. The freakyest arm day yet.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 80 - Arms on Christmas Day [oiDUs7rm9-o].txt ===

There we go. Christmas, well I guess Christmas is still going on today's Christmas, but Christmas is essentially over and the cherry on top is happening as we speak or yes as I speak with tonight's Christmas Arm Day or should I say Christmas Arm Pump with potential for a little bit of shoulder action as well. Listen, arms first, maybe it's such a shoulders after just to get a little bit extra pumps. But morning weight has been kind of bouncing around. Two days ago was 234 yesterday was 236. Now I do not think that I've suddenly gained like two pounds of body fat or muscle or anything. That's part of the day by day fluctuation of like the amount of food I've still gotten. Like how much water I drink is. I can day by day don't stress. Like if you wake up a pound heavier than you were the day before, you didn't just gain a pound or lose a pound. It takes a little bit of extrapolation and, well, there would be interpolation. To really show that kind of pattern. But getting close, I predict that I will see a 230 morning weight within the next three weeks. That'll be a good little milestone for me. I can't remember the last time I was in the end of the 220s. It's been quite a while, but that would be good. There's a few pounds closer to legit diced and that just decent lean. So I think I was just talking to somebody about this when I was doing cardio. The freak factor is a little bit stingy. Like sometimes losing 10 pounds doesn't suddenly make you 10 pounds lean or purely by eye. What I mean by that is like when I dropped from 270 to 260, which only took like two weeks or a weekend and a half, if that, as soon as I stopped like really fueling up, bulking diet to even just maintenance, I do start to get much lighter pretty quick. But going from 270 to 260 visually, not the biggest change. And then 260 to 250, even then still kind of negligible. Like noticeable, but nothing too wild. Because a lot of that was also intramuscular, like carbs of water too. So it kind of, that stuff is just going to come and go. But going from 250 to 240, that was a big 10 pounds. That was a very noticeable jump in leanness. And now from 240 to 235, it's almost gotten the other way. So I mean, I'm getting the touch, just simply, smaller is not the word. But there's like a, all I'm trying to say is by the time I'm at 230 morning weight, I'm going to be pretty excited about just how that's going to look. That's really how I'm trying to say there. Advenes are becoming more and more apparent. And I already know when my postwork at meal is going to be tonight because I don't have room for anything else. I've got 50 grams of protein left for my daily intake. And if I don't want to go over that daily intake or my daily allotment, which I do not, then that's what I get eaten. So where's that going to come from? I mean, we'll just see later. But that's going to be a tub of, or not a tub more of a cart, of just straight egg whites, nonstick pan, no oil, no nothing. And then I'll do some mustard on top. I get a lot of flack for the mustard on the egg whites. Personally, I don't really see the problem. Tastes decent. I mean, the smell like it's supposed to taste awesome anyway. But I don't have a lot of choices because I'm not a huge hot sauce fan, but you're not just going to douse everything in red hot or, like, sarachia. Actually, probably definitely not sarachia, isn't there sugar in that? Orbs more importantly? Well, even if there's not whatever. But all I'm trying to get out is like, the egg whites are, they're a base. You know, you can kind of add anything you want to. Like barbecue sauce, love it, catch up. Don't really mind it. You know, it's whatever. Salsa. Very good. Salt and pepper. Classic kind of plain. You know, man. But the mustard, I don't mind. I probably would love, well, I probably love any other meal, right? But that's where I'm kind of sort of fighting two desires. And the one that wins, obviously the one that's going to come out on top and manifest in the reality. So one, I want to get leaner. I want to stick to my calorie goals. And like in a more kind of abstract way, like I want to step up to the challenge of doing myself. You know, like this dieting, like getting this lean on this consistent of a time frame, which is going to be total, like getting into the four, five-ish month range of calorie restriction. Like, I mean, I don't want to let myself down. You know, because if I start just going ham and I, like, suddenly completely quit this diet and set out screw, and I'm going back to Bolton. And, you know, it's like I just gave up, right? But more so on, like a day by day, it's like, I'm challenging myself. To do this, the fact that it's hard is what makes it cool. And I kind of like reroute any, maybe negative thoughts or self, really self negotiating, self sabotaging thoughts back into height. And the more you can do that, the better. But obviously I've got this one side, which is the one I want to win. I want to diet. I want to get leaner. I want to do what I set out to do. And it's going to come with the cost of your last meal is a bowl of egg whites with nothing. I mean, with like a little bit of zero calorie sauce, not the most like appetizing thing ever. And frankly, if I were to reach into the pantry and pull out a bunch of like the low carb, like protein cookies that I have, which sometimes I try to, like, fit into the daily calorie, a lot of sort of to get my treat for the day. But that's not like you're going above my calories. I still hit my numbers. It probably be, it feel pretty good to just have five of those at once, go to bed with the full stomach and think, well, nice. So that's the other side. That's the opposing thoughts in my mind, which are trying to creep in. And that's what you get a fight against. So my one tip I've got to anybody who's dieting down right now, idle hands are the what's a good little twist I can put on. idle hands are the calories play thing. And if you're just sitting around doing just nothing, just chilling, whatever, the likelihood that you start feeling a little bit hungry. And you think, well, what's one scoop of ice cream go hurt? What's one spoon full of peanut butter going to hurt? What's a couple handfuls of cheese that's going to hurt? I guess what? It's going to hurt a lot. That is going to completely wreck your dieting goals. And it depends on the guy. Because if you're just trying to stay relatively lean, then you don't have to stress about this sort of shit. Like if you're trying to just main gain, eat when you're hungry, make sure you get your protein in, train hard. You're good. Frankly, that's a pretty nice state to be in, at least comfortability wise. But dieting down fat loss wise, you want to be leaner next week than you were right now. And there's no getting around the fact that you have to make sure your calorie intake is only reaching a certain level. And if you exceed it, which on a, like, we've all heard of a refeed day that doesn't completely kill a diet. What I mean is if you exceed it on average, like if you're goal for the next two months was you have to eat 2,400 calories. And that will give you a rate of fat loss of a pound a week or whatever. Like, you know, look up maintenance calorie calculator, plug in on your info. It'll give you a good estimate. But let's say you've got a certain number. That's your average intake where if you ate that calorie amount on average for a two-month period, you lose five pounds. You lose 10 pounds. You know, depends on how steep that deficit is. So if your average calorie intake is actually per day, 500 calories above that, 400 calories above that, even only zero, or no, one of us ate zero. Like, 100 calories above that, then it's not going to work. You know, suddenly you're not getting the power you need. Like you can't just plug a 240 volt plug in a 120 volt socket. It's not going to work. You have to have the right set up for the sort of stuff. So if you're really getting into the dieting, I can't stress enough. If you can get a good grasp of tracking everything, things will become so much clearer. And the clearer and more objective you can look at a problem, the easier is going to be to come up with a solution. So whether you're the type of guy who needs to have every meal prepped, like five or two, just upper-wares per day, you have one at eight, you have one at noon, you have one at two, you have one at four, you have one at maybe eight again there, just whatever kind of time frame you have in for. And that's how you do it. Then do it like that. You know, if you're like me and you're a little bit more, maybe intuitive with it where it's like, you know, plan a meal around noon,ish, make sure it's around like 600 calories, like this much grams of protein, this much whatever. Then go about it like that. Right? The meals for later do it, do like a little bit of intermittent fasting, or you only eat during a window of like three o'clock in the evening to whenever you go to bed, like it's easier for you to just wait until later in the day to start eating. Like there's a lot of different kind of tricks about it. And I can't, that's where like real day by day, they're not real day by day, but like real tips and a good grasp of like how to diet will come into play. But that doesn't change the fact that the basics of your calorie intake, your calories in calories out, it's sort of the great equalizer of all different types of diets. Right? Like be it a freaking atkins or a keto or whatever. Every diet that actually works involves the guy doing it, eating less calories every day than he's burning. And that's not like an argument at the point I'm saying that is a fact. So sort of just to give you an idea of how much I'm staying behind that calorie counting side of things. But in terms of today's lifts, pretty standard. The stakes are low with the lift right now because all I'm trying to do is, I mean, like, I'm trying to train hard of course. I'm not going to like just take it easy or anything. But my main goals on a day by day basis currently are priority number one, don't exceed my calorie intake that I have for the day and then go on number two, get a pump, do my cardio. Actually, the cardio is up there with number one. And then go home, rest, cover, don't hurt myself. That's also up there. So there's no need for me to try to curl the 80s or anything to wild. So my plan is to sort of see what seems like it's going to be the best move. I can definitely predict there'll be some rope extensions, some dumbbell curls, some cable curls, some pre-chairs, maybe some overhead type situations. And if I decide to show it through a shoulder to the end, lateral raises, maybe some rear delt work, that sort of thing. But really, I just need to get a solid arm pump, know that I push myself hard 30 minutes of cardio and see that by afterward. And then come home to my amazing incredible dinner to finish off the day. So that's the plan. Let's just make you happen. The nice thing about being so carb-deplated and like, no way to sugar coat it week is I don't have to warm up that much. I got to say I'm still doing fielder reps, but usually I'd have to get to like 65 or sometimes even 80 to really like feel like I'm totally pushing myself. But given how I carb-deplated I am, I only use 42 and a half. He was one of my trying to do here. And it's not wreck my freaking elbow attendance. I want to do an alternating set, five reps from the right, five on the left. And then really just repeat until, right now doesn't need a ton of weight. It still feels heavy, but it's just not as much force, you know what I'm saying. Like I would have been much more cautious thanching three plates in the 25. Fully bolt, early start should be. Then I would be doing like two plates in the 25 really died it down. Because it's like, even though you're physically weaker, your sort of system has already handled that much weight. All I'm saying is I only need as much weight as necessary. I'm my least egoish when it comes to the weight in a duck. One more like that. Same weight, same everything. All right, that was to get two starters. Let's switch it up. Let's switch it up from this single handle to something to be the terms. The rope will be good next. So in contrast that last set, which was weight within reason, very controllable. I want to get a little nasty with this one. This will be a full stack, kind of quick, pump it short or reps the failure. And then the next one dropped away by half. Do some full second, hold to the bottom. Real, slow, eccentric and squeeze or stretch rather. And then failed that way. Little too toned style. Oh, okay. Yeah. Let's drop it by half. Then this will be slow and squeezing. Very different, but the effect get more pumped. Pretty similar across the board. Okay. Ah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. That felt pretty good. Let's actually do one more of that style. And then move on to a new handle. Maybe we can hold new style. We'll see. There's Mark. He's got a, he's rehydrating. He's got a chest aid today. Well, we'll leave him do his own devices. He's like a Batman. Okay. All right. All right. I think of a solid handle, like a bar pushed in, is an order for the next set. A little bit of a heavier style as well. Full stack heavy push downs. And by heavy, moderately heavy, pump them out. And honestly, this could be the last set of triceps. I feel like I'll probably do one more, but let's just see how this one feels. No. No. No. Oh, my gosh. Yeah. Try his or her cuts. Let's go curl something. And just start with some 50 pound alternating double curls. Now I predict 15 reps minimum with a minimal swinging. At least that's over it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Holy crap. 50's and I have to put some feel that heavy. I'm going to swing a little more than this next one. But let's just run that back. That first set was actually kind of shit. I did not go it. So that just counts as a warm up. Nothing really matters. I'm still just going to do as many sets as necessary until I'm fully pumped. But yeah, I don't stay behind that first one. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There's a little better. One more thing else. I think some preachers are in order machine preachers. Oh, okay. Oh, my gosh. Yeah. That's enough of that. I think that's a little bit more concentrated and controlled. One other tweak that I always do with this machine in particular. I like to sit side saddle. Something about this feels much more natural than like being straddle over here. Now with an easy bar preacher, it's a little different. But I just like doing the one arm like almost sideways. But second change is I throw a decayed along here as such. It just gives me some extra freedom of motion. Because for me, my wrist does not agree with this exact angle. I get a lot of forearm activation which sucks. And it also just kind of feels uncomfortable. So, worse to both worlds. At least sometimes I get some like improper activation, but at least it feels good. So let's get some more don't-tah-over planning go nuts in a controlled way. Ready! Do you think that's a bit that poor person which likes HP as well? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. No, I got okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. One more. Little heavier. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, I got it. Oh, my gosh. Yeah. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I think I've got a good plan for a bicep finisher. If they do not need much more time in the other. Let's go get it happening. Assuming that this ends up being a good set, this could very well be it. But 90 pound easy bar should be about right. And I don't mind if these reps give a little nasty, especially toward the end because I'm trying to fill my bicep right over the blood. Anyway possible and there's a much as possible. So frankly, I think if I sat here to set perfectly, control it with that, I simply wouldn't be as pumped, compared to doing one where I give myself some extra four strips at the cost of a little bit of swing, which is not an expensive cost. There we go. Hmm. Oh. Oh. Oh no. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Fish. Oh. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Oh. That's not enough. Let's go, folks. Okay. So arms now complete. Decided that there will be no shoulder activity. So let's see how they're looking. And puffed up. And not absolutely destroyed to bits. Like, I even swed in that bad, which kind of sucks. I do like when the training's a little bit longer and like more nuts. But I mean, what do you do, man? It's just the nature of freaking dieting. Though this makes it a bit more motivated. Let's see how we're really looking here.. That's all. Oh, my goodness. Let's see what else am I missing. Oh, my gosh. That, in a nice classic. Oh, there we go. Well, Vaney, let me actually get a little bit of a breath-hole flex to really squeeze him out. Oh, my gosh. Oh, guys. Even though strength-wise, I don't miss this early feel a million percent. It looks wise. We're getting there. And that's kind of a given take, you know, and the card depleted slightly weaker performance in the gym, but, straight factor increases in ever increasing rate. So it's like, where do your values really lie? What do you do, way? I got to go camp out on the sea to bike for 30 minutes. Just playing my phone and scrolls to Xbox. And then I'll see you back in the car, back in the campsky. Oh, I am feeling it at this current moment. I believe that a rest day is an order quite soon. If not tomorrow, then the next day. Now, I'll still do cardio, but I'll just take the weight session off. I don't know, I guess I'll still do the two a day cardio, but I will take the weight session off. But I'll see. I'll see. I'm not sure if I want to save legs for two days from now or whatever. I'll just see how I feel tomorrow. But that's not like just a... I'll do that later. I do think that you need to kind of be on your toes when it comes to making decisions like that. Do you really need to rest day? Are you legitimately recovered or under recovered? Like, those things aren't just arbitrary. Those things aren't things that you can just purely predict. And it's like going to the grocery store when you're hungry. If you decide to take a rest day after you just did a hard workout, you might feel a little tired in the moment, then your decision-making is arguably being... Is the word I'm thinking about, arguably being influenced by your current state. So if you walk into the grocery store, full belly, I'd say you're probably not going to grab any snacks. At least no snacks that you didn't already plan on getting because you're not hungry. So if you plan on... If you say, I feel really good right now. I'll get a lot of energy. I'm going to go to the gym tomorrow. Nice. That's a pretty good feeling. But if you're a little more tired, it's not too hard to think, okay? Well, I'm kind of sleeping right now. I'll do it with the electricity. I'll just take a rest day and get my pee. And I'm not anti-rest day. And I want to get that perfectly clear. But I am anti-unnecessary rest day, which I think a reasonable percentage of rest days that you get taken are unnecessary. And purely driven by, I don't really feel like it today. And I'm not your dad, do whatever you want. But for the most part, there is some value to be able to go through a routine, even when you don't really feel completely ampt and excited about it. Because then you get to look back on it later and think, okay, well, I still did it. I still got after it, even if I didn't feel 100% of the time. And that's got a value that just can't really be measured. Because anybody can come into the gym and work out when you feel totally 100% motivated and hype and like you've got your buddies there. It's basically just an inviting circumstance on all fronts. But if you're not really feeling it, it's cold, you're tired, you stay up late, you're a little bit under-rested, you're in a bring-up water. That's where that little voice in the back of your head, that subconscious thought will emerge that says, oh, so you just come on, you don't need to work out right now. Just stay home, you're just staying home, man. You don't need to go, just chill. And that is a thought that you need to nip in the bud. I shut that shit down, ASAP. Because the more you listen to that, then it's like you're not even in control of your own goals and aspirations. You're just listening to the random thoughts that bubble up in your mind. And you've got conscious thoughts and unconscious thoughts. You know, conscious ones, those are things you can control. That's your actual voice in your mind. And the unconscious ones are just thoughts that pop up. I don't know where. You know? So, your long goes off. I don't want to wake up. Unconscious thought. Your real conscious thought is, alright, I gotta get up. Which one wins? At least if you actually want to wake up, you're conscious thought wins. So, with the training, with the dining, with the everything, as many unconscious thoughts that pop up with, like, I don't want to do it. I'm going to save it for later. And what's the point of this? You've got to shut that down, take control of it, and save yourself in a firm action-based approach I'm doing this. Regardless of feeling, regardless of circumstance, like, you know, try to get real stoic about it. Because the more that you can do that, and I'm not even talking, like, be it completely emotionless, whatever what I'm trying to say is, like, to do things that make you better comfortable, to do things that are a bit hard, that's the value. If it was easy, everybody would do it, and then it wouldn't be cool. So, that's all I'm getting out there. And I can really relate to that this morning. I woke up, got up, brushed my teeth, everything. It was getting ready to go to cardio, laid back down, slept another hour. That was quite cozy. And honestly, I didn't mind getting the extra sleep, because I probably needed a little bit more recovery. But, you know, it's made me like extra drowsy, because I had gone back to sleep. And I would not really feel like doing the hour cardio this morning. Like, my unconscious thoughts were really firing, dude. A full hour, that is nuts, man. Come on. It's Christmas. Go home. You have presents waiting for you. No. No, shut it down. Right? And those unconscious thoughts are not you. Right? Your actual, you know, identity and being is how you respond to. Right? And which one do you decide to empower, and which one do you decide to completely negate, and don't even give any values, dude. So, that's a pretty powerful thing, I feel. So, all that's just, I do what even if you don't feel like doing it. And you'll be better for it. But playing for tomorrow, I believe, oh, I do. I believe a leg day, but I guess we'll just have to see it. But today's arm day, I didn't really feel as though I had a skin splitting pump. Oh, dear spotted. I mean, I felt like pump's a little more normal, but the leaner you get, and especially the more carb depleted that I get, the less like, abrupt, the change of being pumped to unpumped up. Now, the vein factor was up. Like, even just sitting there doing those dumbbell curls on the mirror, like my forearms were starting to look extra freaky. So, I mean, within the next few weeks, that freak factor should increase to, literally, just new territory, which I'm really excited about. But, you know, the actual, like, subjective enjoyment of the lift, in terms of, like, just pure performance, not as crazy as fully pumped or fully bulked rather. But, that's the given take, right? The point of the dieting phase is not to stimulate and grow new tissue, it's to stimulate and maintain the tissue that have already built, and peel off the fat on the outside to reveal it. So, the more you can sort of put that purpose in your mind, the easier it'll get to accept like, okay, I'm not lifting as much as I was a few months ago when I was, you know, an extra 30, like almost 35 pounds of body weight. I was just looking at a couple pictures back, like, four months ago. A couple, not even, like, only a few months into that last bulking phase. Very different look. Now, of course, I'm, you know, carved a pleary right now, so. Ooh, a little bit on the flatter side, but still cool to see. So, all that's to say is, I am definitely feeling the fatteness of the diet, but nothing I can handle. Nothing I can't freaking handle. So, playing for tonight, your home, slams the mags, eat nothing else. Take my vitamins, drink it on a water, go straight to sleep, and then get ready for some early cardio tomorrow. So, I will, uh, I guess I'll just see you then. I'll probably post a, I'll make a little YouTube post about a Q&A to, uh, I'll give another one of those going. Probably, probably want to give it a specific theme, though. Sometimes they get a little bit too wide in terms of the ideas that you get discussed. And sometimes there's a bunch of just comments about, like, Genghis Khan or, like, the ris-lard. And as funny as those are, that really fitness related. So, I, uh, I'll go to see if it's my own first. Whatever that ends up being.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 81 - Legs and Eggs [CJhv6fk2IpY].txt ===

There we go. Alright, planned for this evening at 6.38 pm departure time is to in a most simplified form. Try to pump as much blood as physically possible into my quads and hamstrings. Maybe even just a touch of adductors afterward, but quads and hamstrings are definitely the stars of the show tonight. Hamstrings first followed like quads and quads is getting a bit more chill. You know, no more squan at this point. Just pierce quads, isolation, stimulation and what kind of set or movement do you think I'm going to do to do that? What is there a particular movement out there where the only muscle that really gets activated in any capacity is going to be a quads and essentially nothing else? Because I would say there it is and we all know that we are all reasonably acquainted with it the leg extension. So that's going to make up the majority of the leg or the the quad portion of this lift and I'm cool with that. I've got through pretty major time periods where legs was essentially all leg extensions, minimal squats which in a muscle gaining sort of approach actually trying to get bigger and build new tissue. Totally not the right way to do it. I definitely saw some extra quads simulation from increasing the amount of pressing that I was doing this last, uh, bulking phase, but now that I'm diding down, I've said this a few times before. I'm not trying to, you know, build any new tissue. All I'm trying to do is maintain all the muscle that I've already built underneath. So doing some leg extensions combined with probably some cc squat leg extension supersets as a finisher at the end, that will be extra perfect. And I put this like fancy pants glare filter on on the lens. I think it looks way too, it is way too much. It's kind of cool but it's, whatever, but that's the plan for tonight. Calorie intake so far about 1,300, I've only got about 600-ish left primarily from protein and 28 grams of that protein is going to come from a bag of no sugar added lean beef jerky that I've got sitting right here in my bag 28, uh, well it's about two servings so it's probably a little bit less. But 14 grams of protein zero grams of carbs because it's artificially sweet and do a something and then one and a half grams of fat just from the beef itself. And that one's honestly kind of a hack when I saw that at the store I had to sell it at a couple of bags of it. All right I've already gone through three today so I, uh, that might need to become a bit more of a staple. But in terms of actual meal prep, my fridge has some things that are ready to be cooked. I got about five pounds of top-round stakes that I'm going to cube up and sort of make it a bit of a, I forget the exact sort of style of food that ends up being, uh, well basically it's cubed up with seasoning left in the sous-visor. I've got a whole tub of uh, or a whole tub of where full of like cooked cubes steak that I can eat and then I've got about five pounds of ground turkey which my five pound ground beef bowl is just about empty so I will be a perfect replacement. A little bit leaner too. The ground beef catches itself at about 4% fat, you know 96% lean and even that might be a stretch but the, um, what does that mean? Oh yeah the turkey 99% lean. So I guess I'll just have to see because you can kind of taste it like you can tell if you're eating something rich or a little bit leaner. So usually if I really notice, don't ever meaning as a bit fatty, I'll have to back off on it. But I think the turkey we could and then one more note, it's happening. I, as soon as I open up my phone and start scrolling a few TikToks the first one, I think it's a screenshot about I guess I'll have to find it later. But it's like, it's a Naruto slideshow edit, it's not too late, bro. You can still lock in, make this shit happen, come on. You can get after it every year. I've been saying this forever. I've gone through two cycles of it now with the actual videos where every year the same guy say or this year I'm going to make this shit happen. Or we see the same post this year. You're not going to, you're not going to know me by the end of this year. I'm going to let it, I haven't seen any, um, like, fighting my demons posts yet. I guess they're still, uh, you know, that hasn't really come up, but I'm sure it will. Every year and it's a good thing that happens because there's, uh, there's a few seasons of urgency when it comes to fitness-based goals. Spring break, that's a pretty strong one. Everybody wants to get jacks so they can go to the beach and look good. Basic just summertime in general and New Year's. So if every time, you know, it's got like, uh, I don't know how many people basically try to get into it. There's a certain retention rate where every year there's new blood in the realm of uh, working out. Guys were accounting their macros and doing the now to hit the trifecta and add all three to your routine. That's rare. That does not happen a lot. I mean, most of the people who work out now don't track their macros. So it's, uh, it's not the easiest thing to world, but it's very simple to make yourself stick out compared to everybody else. Get that macro tracker, start clocking some hours of cardio. And before you know it, that difference in action or result in a difference in position. But takes a while for, you know, that result actually be seen. So I'm sure that six months from now, it'll feel like that compared to the second. So we'd rather go a little look back and think, or a kill this year. Or I'm starting to kill this year. Or think do some shit and start to do a lot of, and I'll screw it. I'll save for next year. I think one of those situations is a little bit cooler. But either way, no more jetting. Let's just go make this uh, make this like they happen. Typically hamstring starts with hamstring curls. So even though it was not my decision because the hamstring curls are taken, it's probably a good idea to change it up, start with some rdv else. Now even though this is the stack, since I'm fresh, this won't be the most difficult set, at least in terms of the first few reps. But that just means I'll be able to hold the squeeze and extra well. Oh my gosh. Two more though. That would be good. Oh yeah, okay. One more. And then let's jump onto a some kind of curl. Actually I like, let's do two more. Make it four sets of these rdv else. Yeah, one more. Yeah, another one. Sweet. I don't know why I haven't served Rdv else before. All right. Oh. If you set the light curl should be just about enough. Then move on to quads. After a few feeler reps, I cannot do the stack. I can do one more night later. And that's the plan. So if this set ends up being like crazy good, that'll be it. But I might do two. No. No way out of can. Let's finish up an alternating single, like set. So one more though. Then hands are done. Oh, my gosh. All right. Hands are cooked. Let's go camp on the leg extension for a little while. So not too heavy. Let's just start with a half warm-up half light squeezing set of just five reps alternating of extensions. And these, uh, the whole point of the set is to just get quite started. You know, I'm not going to get to the point of like complete pure muscle failure. If I do, good for me. But really my check marks that I want to cross off to be able to say, okay, that was a good opener. It's my quads. They're starting to feel fatigue. And they're starting to feel pumped. So as long as that's the case, or those are both the case, that I'm good. But get a get comfortable. We're going to be right around this area for quite a while. More pal. What am I ... you do for me ... I know ... OK I know wobble. Oh my gosh. Let's go up one more notch. But just repeat that in the same style. That exact same style. Oh my gosh. Oh Kim. Oh my god. No. No. No. No. No. Oh my god. Two more just like that. And then I'll introduce you some super set stuff. Oh, I guess. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh my gosh. One more. Same style. Last straight set. And then some CCC supersets. Wow. That's CCC super. You're an egg. Oh. Oh. No. No. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Let me set for our second for it. Exactly. I want X and X. X. Yes. So this will be some very controlled double leg set. Like a full second hole at the top and a slow eccentric. Not to failure, but just to fatigue. Then a flip around and do some slightly self assist with CCC squats hanging off the back of the leg extension. A few of these will be perfect. And the stretch in the CCC squats nuts hard to explain with just words. No. No. No. Oh. Oh. Oh my gosh. No. No. Oh. I think one or two more like that. Now we all would call it. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. No need for a leg extension pre exhaust on this. And honestly, this elliptical as the perfect height little knobs from your whole round to. So I want to do these reps as many as I can with no self assistance. And then the last few. Pull myself up, but let my quads take all the force on the way down. And in a good way, not like hurting your knee kind of way. No. No. No. No. No. Oh my gosh. Oh my crap. That's fine. So that was definitely a solid finisher with those scissy squads. And you know, those haven't really been in the routine for a little while. I think my niece have been like a little tender the last couple of months. But today, I mean, those felt perfect. So good for me. Now my leg is not to hurt him any further. But lightish leg extensions body weight. This is what's nothing out of the ordinary there in terms of tension through the knees. But, oh, let's see how quads are looking. Make sure it's focused here. There we go. Right about there. So I'm feeling gradually more and more separation and veins even unpopped. And like these, this separates me like mediocre. Lateral and tear drop, whatever. It's getting pretty noticeable, which is really cool for me to see. And then I'm getting much more of a sweep of my hamstring. Looking like it's hanging off the back of my leg instead of just kind of morphing into it. And half of that is also just to do with getting leaner is the less body that I have thickened up my skin on my knee joint. The smaller it's going to look. And then of course, as a get leaner, it doesn't really make my muscle belly any smaller. So they stay big. And my joints kind of start to shrink down. But let's, let's give a little breath, holy flex here. See if I can get the extra veins out. Oh my gosh. Oh, that's to make me lightheaded. And that's good. So the left quad is really the star of the show when it comes to this cross-stration lining. The right one's got some, but it's just not the same. So the right one actually has a bit more veins, like, especially in here. But the left one, well, actually veins are wise. Rather similar. But either way, quad's substantially cooked. Now all I gotta do is go home, slam some egg whites with a low calorie sauce. And then go to bed. And not be tempted by the treats I've gotten my pantry. Which I have a few. And if you catch a calories and eat them in moderation, you can have some treats. But if you really want to get lean and you actually want to stick to a legit calorie deficit, you do not have a room to cheat, not much. Just a touch, but not much. So let's go pack this stuff up, get the car. Okay. You know what I call that? I call that a status factory leg pump indeed. And I guess I can get into it in a little more detail now that I've kind of cooled off. Those Sissy squats have such an interesting feeling at the bottom. They're not joking. It's definitely different than even a really heavy squat or leg press. It's kind of like just its own thing. And I don't think that weighted Sissy squats are the answer. And that's just me. But doing hack squats where I have plates and then I'm doing the Sissy squats style, I think that's too much. That's just too much force through such an isolated movement. But body weight, very nice. And honestly, those would probably be pretty cool with a 40 pound weight vest on. But I don't really have access to one of those. And if I really want to get one specifically for me, so maybe that'll just be an idea to float around in my head. But yeah, that was good. And it's just like the leg extensions, especially are such an awesome contrast. Because on those sets of leg extensions, especially since I'm doing moderate weight, I wasn't really trying to launch the stack into the air or anything. I was feeling a lot of tear drop like that sort of big insertion right by your knee. Not so much like the outside of my quads. So it's a go back and forth between those two was really cool. Because I can feel the fibers on my like out of quiet really stretching. You know, it's like doing, I mean, it's almost like doing the tricep rope extensions, where you really go slow and get a full complete stretch at the bottom, rather than just bouncing around the top. So all that's to say is I think the leg extensions and those Sissy squats, are very nice complementary movements. Because the leg extension, very squeezing focused right on holding my legs up. That's the hard part. And then the Sissy squats complete stretch focus, where it's not hard to stand, but it is very hard to go down into a complete, oh yeah, it's not like a personal trainer, completely knee flexion based position. But yeah, those were nice. So that's going to, I mean, that's what quads are going to look like for a little while. No crazy force, no crazy leg press, that will basically be a good leg pump. It's a good quad activation, and then that's all. So if that's not your cup of tea, it's all right now. But that was good. So plan for tomorrow is chest. And I think I'm in for a treat with tomorrow's chest day. Morning weight update today, 233. And even just walking around, like I'm starting to feel pretty trim. And I've still got about six more pounds of body fat loss to go. That's kind of what I'm aiming for. You know, I still have, there's still like water and depletion and everything in peak week. The most part my goal is getting about 2 27 lean walking around fully hydrated. So that I'll be able to drop that extra 10 pounds of water in like sort of a depletion before getting all the oiled up. But at this rate, I'm just about on track, though it definitely feels slow. Slowed steady, but it started to feel pretty slow because I am really fighting the urge to just grow up. But that is the hard part. So it's every time I think about that, I try to tell myself, okay. It's supposed to be hard. That means it's good. Get real. Don't be a baby. Get grab a zero sugar gelocup and don't start just, you know, scarfing down peanut butter. That's kind of what I tell myself in my mind. So my kitchen is stocked right now. I've got basically everything I need in terms of my dieting tricks. Low carb tortillas, fat free or low fat powdered peanut butter, which when reconstituted with low sugar, I mean zero sugar, maple syrup. Absolutely awesome. Plus, when you combine that with the low carbs tortilla, the flour and the peanut proteins are kind of complimentary. So those actually sort of count as a complete protein. So I mean, I can have 40 grams of protein right there, sort of combined from two non-deticated protein sources. So, and then a bunch of organic, deli turkey. And I think you guys might actually be on something. When me and Mark went on our little Vegas trip, we stocked the hotel fridge with a bunch of regular deli turkey, like, you know, the Oscar Meyer, shitty brand, whatever. And eating a bunch of that from having only been eating like straight ground beef and eggs, I felt fun. I felt kind of weird. I felt freaking weird, more like, I don't think I've really been dropping too many F-bots. I mean, better than that. But I felt kind of off. So, yeah, I think, yeah, I don't like that. So, maybe I'm just extra sensitive to the scrappy food. Since all I've really been eating is pretty solid, healthy kind of whole foods. So, all the deli turkey I got was like the organic non-GMO, non-night trait, whatever. So I got a bunch of that. And then that would be perfect for some low-car tortilla, turkey sandwich wraps. And then just the standard egg whites was also that sort of thing. Actually, that's going to be the plan for tonight's meal, a bunch of egg whites and salsa that will do me pretty freaking well. So, really just ate more weeks of that. Yeah, but I'm cool with that. Actually, not ate more weeks when I'm saying it. Yeah, ate it. And then get back to bulking up. So, we've all set it. You know, it's, uh, I hear it all the time. It's like, dude, I'm going to start bulking up for real. I'm going to seriously lock in this bulking man or, I'm about to, I'm going to get shredded this summer. I'm going to get shredded this one. I'm going to, a lot of I'm going to. And now more than ever, especially end of the year, like I was saying in the car around the way here. A lot of those, like, you know, lock-in style TikToks, like the ideas are out there. They're floating around. The energy is apparent. But the amount of dudes who are actually going to take that energy, feed off of it, compress it to critical mass. Boom, I actually get the results that they want. Non-is-off. And I'm not, there's not one specific, um, like, trait or anything. That's keeping anybody specifically from locking themselves in, versus just doing the same shit day after day. But one thing that I think about that helps because I'm definitely big on, like, some of the, like, personal, like, psychology, like, thinking about why you think things. And, like, if something makes you really upset, try to understand, like, why you were upset and not just, you know, feel like, uh, basically uncontrollable to your own emotions. There's a, I think there's a lot of values in that. But, uh, I'm trying to force about to say. But, but one thing that I really do think about, at least every so often, like, I'm not thinking like this all the time. But, every so often, I think it does you get, is, like, are you ahead of, of today? Or, I guess, are you ahead of yesterday? Or, where you were a week ago, or two weeks ago? And it could be in any field, in any vector, in any, like, realm or specific point of progress, like, are you moving towards something? And, for me, since it's been locked into the bulk and up and cut and down for so long, no matter what my goal is at the time, I'm always headed toward something, which I think makes it really easy for me to kind of condense a lot of my, like, you know, energy into a physical outlet. Because in any given time during the year, I have a specific goal for that day, bulk up or cut and down, right, one of the other. But, if you don't have something like that, then I feel like you can be, well, that was good on there. Well, I feel like your days can get pretty aimless, you know, and what I mean by that is, like, the days are just going to pass. You know, they're going to blur into each other very quickly. And, you know, if you don't wake up and have something that you're excited to do, and that's like on your to do list, because you want to do it, then, you know, you're kind of just at the, the mercy of the universe, you know, like, it's kind of hard to explain. But, all that's to say is if you don't have something like that, where you can wake up in the morning excited about some portion of your day, and that you can go to bed and think to yourself, reflectively, like, okay, that was good. I feel good about what I did today. Then, I think you're missing out on a portion of your life that is, like, pretty powerful. And it doesn't have to be working out. Like, I think everybody should work out pretty consistently. Everybody should have a good grasp of, like, calories and what food actually does once it gets into your system. It just helps you, like, feel better in general to have a good grasp of that, like, in enough normal stuff, drinking of water, getting enough rest. Like, make sure you're circadian rhythm isn't, like, like, a, like, a dubstep, dubstep based drop-in terms of how wild it is. But, you know, everybody needs some kind of thing. And I think there's a barrier to entry because, you know, nobody wants to look weird. Like, nobody wants to, nobody wants to come off as, like, obsessive and really interested in something and passion. Because you can't really get to a point where, whatever you're doing is, like, a flex for quite a while. Like, if you knew somebody in high school who was, like, very artsy, always kind of sketchbooks, now things. Like, if they're still working on getting good at it, then, you know, all the effort isn't really being shown in the results that they're getting. Or, like, if you knew a high school man who was, like, just starting out. And they were, well, you could tell they were a beginner band. Sometimes that's kind of hard to, you know, feel good about if all of your sort of response towards what you're doing is kind of negative. So that's where you've got to have a little bit of an iron mind and not be so susceptible to any negative kind of external response to whatever you want to do. Because it's what you want to do. It's your life. It's your time that you could dispend doing, I mean, everybody's got a reasonable amount of free time per day. You can spend that doing whatever you want, you know, so I think that's the important part to think about. It's whatever you want. And the sooner you can get a good grasp on that, the better I feel. But, you know, I'm not your dad. I'm just a, just a lifter guy. So, playing for tonight, eat my ex-salsa meal. Go to bed early, wake up even earlier, and then get my hour of cardio at that. I, uh, sort of feel the hour of cardio for sure. These lifts are slightly more like not left, but maybe tiresome is a good word. And I'm not complaining, but I am making an observation that I can tell the energy levels are not the same as when I'm peak bolts. But that's just the major I get to lean. So, not stopping this train, and I will see you for tomorrow for what I hope to be. My freaky is just a yet. Exactly as predicted, 50 grams of protein worth of egg whites, a solid helping of a pre-chopped salad, which the point of that isn't the micro nutrients. I mean, you guys love telling me, say I'm more of the vegetables. There were no vegetables in this full day beating. Look, if you're eating a red meat and you take your multivitamin, I mean, I've simply got the proof. I don't have any deficiencies. But it does give the eggs much more body. So, you know, 50 grams of plain egg whites, not the most filling thing in the world. But 50 grams of protein worth of egg whites. But when you add some chopped salad, a little bit of fat free cheese on the top, plus some salsa in the middle, which I hope to be a very flippable omelet here. Then this should start, no kidding. Well, not exactly flippable. Either way, this is going to be pretty good, but I'm just going to have to scoop it onto the plate, damn. And even the rascal, well, he's on the opposite side of the spectrum. Now he's bulking up. He gets two tins of fancy feast. He was not a fan of the food canned food I was given them before, but he's scarfing this down. Do I leave this at the end of the video? Or just make this the start of tomorrow's? Now, we'll just leave it at the end. So, 50 grams of protein? Well, 50 grams of protein from the eggs, 25 grams of protein from the fat free cheese. That's five grams of carbs, one gram of fat from the fat free cheese. Because it says zero, but let's be real. There's probably still a little bit. So, that puts me at finishing macros, assuming this is all I eat. Which there's a strong potential I come back and sort of munch on some extra ground beef, so probably another 25 grams of protein. But my current intake so far, I'm going to be 13 grams of carbs, 41 grams of fats, 244 grams of protein. That is just about the limit. We're getting there. I'll actually do a little more protein. But meals like this are what most of my diet has been composed of. And that's bright zero is more than empty. It's been refilled with some electrolytes, sort of powders. But meals like this are kind of all up in grubmon on. You know, no treats. There's no crispy cream. There's no the emceitmentose crunch and whole milk and chocolate milk jugs in the fridge. And it's not because I'm suddenly thinking like, oh, he's fuzzing absolutely horrible for you. The problem is there's so packed with calories and so unfilling that it's just not conducive with what dieting even is. I get it's core component. I look at it in two ways. You got bulk in on this hand, dieting down on this hand. Now, bulking, I want to eat foods that have dense calories where I can eat like, you know, 800 calories per meal and be ready to eat that same meal again in two hours or, you know, two and a half hours, whatever. Like I want to eat a lot of food, but I don't want it to feel like I'm eating a lot of food, right? So I can keep ramping it up and push the envelope further over time. Diding down, complete, inverted opposite approach. I want to not eat a lot of food, but have it feel like I'm eating a lot of food. So that's the whole point of like the low-carter tears and, you know, adding in all the, like the lettuce makes in the egg whites and this also and everything else. It's essentially like filler, right? Like the calorie density of this meal is so much lower than a tub of bento jerrys. Like if I were to have a bento jerrys tub or like a bowl full of bento jerrys in here for the equivalent amount of calories, which let me just do the 300. I think this is like 450 calories right here. That wouldn't even be half of a tub of ice cream, even less. Only like a few spoonfuls or one big spoonful would be the same amount of calories as this whole meal. So not as flashy and certainly not hitting my taste buds in the same way. But this is gonna make me feel much more full for longer. And that's the name of the game. Because if I eat foods where I'm hungry 30 minutes after I just ate a meal, then in my eyes I just failed. That was a failure of a meal in a dieting context. Because as much as it is a mental thing of like, okay, I better, I gotta be serious, I gotta hold myself accountable, I gotta not overshoot my calorie intake. That doesn't mean I have to torture myself. And what I'm trying to say there is there are tricks to make it easier. You know, I didn't have my first meal till like two o'clock this evening because it's not too hard for me to wait until later in the day and you know, like just drink electrolytes and water and everything until I basically like break my fast, you know, breakfast at two and then my eating window begins. So there's just little tricks like that. And eating simpler meals like this, like conventional bodybuilders, time meals, that's the trick. So I'm gonna sit here and enjoy this, go to bed, and then I've got a damn hour cardio in the morning, which if you're planning your phone, you got some classroom-y-all games, you're going crazy. It doesn't feel that long, but I guess that's easier for me to say because I've been doing it for a little while. But either way, I will actually see it for just tomorrow.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 82 - Planet Chestness [rev5_ASRkjw].txt ===

Back again, more like chest again, if we're being honest, but I have consumed my limit. So I'm gonna end up going over my a lot of calories tonight. Now over in protein, you know, I still need something before I go to bed. So I'll just have an extra 200 or so calories of egg whites with salsa, which I would not consider that to be like Holy crap, I went over my Atlantic. I had an extra 50 grams of protein. That is not the same as like having an extra, you know, a few hundred grams of carbs and fats from like, you know, sweets and everything else. But, oh yeah, crap, didn't weigh myself this morning. I guess we'll have another morning weight update tomorrow. Still not below the 230 mark, but definitely on track. So feel pretty good there. Had a bit of a nap after the cardio session this morning. So I feel pretty well rested, pretty well hydrated, pretty well fed. So now I'm gonna use all of those factors to make sure I get myself pretty well pumped. Now I was thinking about going to a gym a little bit further than this one, but I think I'll just keep it. I think I'll just keep it close because, well, just cuts. And that's one thing I've been doing with the cardio in the morning too, is sometimes I would think to myself that I like driving to the gym. Actually going there. Something about the, like, it's different from home. It just felt nicer to, how to know. But, I've been just doing cardio at the apartment gym. That's right there. So there is no drive apart from, like, basically less than a block from where I'm parked to the little apartment gym. And that's way better. Because it's saving me, like, basically an hour and a half a time. Because the two-day sessions with the cardio and the lift, I'm not gonna say it's easy. It's definitely a hard self, because now you're adding an extra commute to back and forth. Unless you want to, like, splice that in with your drives or work or anything else. So that's where having the cardio bike at home or an extreme proximity to home. I think that is the freaking move. So, you know, rather than, you know, leave it like six and get back at nine. You know, if I get up extra at a reasonable hour, you know, leave the door at seven. You get there in five minutes, sit down, be back, only an hour and a half later. Now, no sauna, which I do like the sauna, something about the, like, just the 15 minutes sweat off is kind of cool. But, I don't think it's absolutely necessary for every morning cardio session. So, I think if, well, actually I'm not sure, I'm pretty sure they closed the cool section at this gym early. So, maybe I can't do the sauna post lift. But, if it's open, maybe I'll stop down there after the 30 minutes cardio once chest is over. Because 30 minutes cardio on its own in the morning, there's no longer cut. I got a beefed up to an hour in the morning, and then 30 minutes after the lift. Now, legs are an exception. I'm not going to do cardio after legs. I guess I could do the, like, the hand pedaling machine. So, I don't end up like fatiguing my legs and any further. Because I think that would be a little bit much, but, you know, after chest after arms after back, After anything simple like that, I really do think you've got some energy in the tank to just sit in the cardio bike, you know. Now, that's where I would recommend, just try it. Next lift, just sit in the cardio bike. Don't even pick a time, don't pick a goal, don't give yourself any expectation. Just set it to difficulty 9, pedal 80 reps, 80 reps a minute, and just see what happens. That's my little tip. But, in terms of what I'm going to go about, or how I'm going to go about, getting a chest pump today. I mean, what do you think of it? I can definitely foresee some pressing, some flies, and some cable pressing slash flies. And, honestly, I think that's as complicated as I needed to be, because I get a movement where my pecks are loaded in the stretch position the most, like a heavy Smith bench like that. I get movements where I get a good stretch, and basically even amount of tension the whole way around, like a peck fly, or a dumbbell, maybe not a dumbbell fly as much. But, you know, cable fly is pecked at things like that. And then, I've got a movement where it's extra squeeze focus, like this is the hard part, and then I can kind of rest down here in the stretch position. And that's what it's like in a lot of cable press, you know, like on a barbell bench, you're not going to rest at the bottom. You're not going to try to catch your breath at the bottom. You're going to get a rep up to the top, lock out and since that's the easiest portion of the lift, that's where you're going to hold it for a second. And then, get ready for another one. But, something like a cable press, especially a converging cable press, the tension gets built up as the rep press. So, it's like the further your hands are away from your body, the more you have to squeeze your chest. So, this is the hard part up here. And then, if I ever take a second to breathe, I'm holding the weight down here where it's a lighter. But, I think those are basically the three general approaches to the chest movements. And some movements are, or some muscles are a bit easier than others. Right? I mean, hamstrings still complicated. Hamstring curls and RDLs, hip-hanging. Quads, you got leg extension and leg pressing. Be it a squat or leg press. Biceps. You basically just have curls, you know? And even when I do like the bicep bias, hold down, that's still just a curl. It's just kind of in a weird way. You know, like I'm curling down toward myself instead of, like, up toward my shoulder. But still a curl. Shoulders, side-ladderals, weird-dults. I mean, all there is to it is this. You can do it in different ways with different machines, but that's all that those muscles are doing. So, that's where I think having a good grasp of, like, your own anatomy can help you on these sets. Because if I am visualizing, like, how my bicep looks and where it ties into my forearm, and how it's going to feel when I'm angling in different ways, then it just helps me get a good grasp of, like, what's going on. You know, like, if somebody's real into cars, and they know everything about the motor and whatever else, and they've got a lot of experience with it, then it's so easy for them to, like, diagnose any kind of problem. Even just turning on an engine and hearing it, like, they have an idea for, okay, and a, oh, serpentine belt. When was last time you're placed in Manel, it was wiki. You know, they've got a sense for it, because in their mind, they can visualize exactly what's going on. So, that's going to help with your mind muscle connection. You know, I think that gets thrown around is just lifted jargon a lot, but in a more kind of, explained manner, like, I don't want to feel like I'm pushing with my hands. Like, I'm not pushing the weight away from me. I'm pulling my elbow across my body with my chest. And that results in a pushing force, but I'm not thinking about what's going on here. I'm trying to think about, oh, yes, you know. And let's be feeling my chest warm. Go harder. Make sure I actually, like, bring my chest to the Jit failure. And then the smarter I've been about my, my most connection with my backs, the better my chest constant. And that was, that was a moment when that happened. You know, I get better out of the over time with experience, but I still remember I was in my basement gym at home. In Client Bench looking myself right in the mirror. And as I'm doing a set, it was like, maybe one, any five, or something, it just clicked. And instead of pushing with my hands, I was pulling with my chest. Absolutely nuts. And it might sound kind of, kind of trivial to, like, just, like, oh, I felt my chest, but when you get that sort of realization, it does feel like a bit of a milestone. Like, I put that up there with, like, your first ab vein, your first, or your first bicep vein, your first, to 25 bench, like anything else like that. But 726, I'm gonna be home reasonably early. So the cardio in the morning will not be impeded. But no more talking. Let's go make this lift happen. I was feeling pretty strong. So few reps of a plate, and this is after a cable warm-up. A few reps of two plates, two reps of three plates. All right, I feel pretty good. Let's do three and a 25. Yes. One was fucking hard. I probably shouldn't even try to just step it through. But three feels good. Let's get this lift started. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Yeah. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Yeah. Oh my god. Oh. Wanted to more. Maybe one. I feel strong, but that was hard. Oh, goodness. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Oh my god. Oh. Oh. Oh. Let's move on. Two of those is probably as much as I can hang on to. Oh, gosh. Good start them. So that's the heavy pressing. The tension set of things. Basically checked off the list. Not too little fly. Lucky, lucky me. It's pretty packing here. I feel like I had two cables for some of the front of body flies. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Holy crap. Let's do two fly. Five, seven, the next one. That was good though. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my god. Let's go. Same set up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. well and then just keep this grind up and day in day out in macro counten calorie hours clocking for cardio hours clocking pump we're getting rests doing and then just repeat you know and day by day not seeing real and same changes but week by week month by month I mean go back four months not even four months go back two and a half months and look what I looked like at the end of this last Bolting phase before this dieting phase started you know day by day there's nothing crazy but you know and just a two months span that's a pretty massive change or I guess you know almost a three months span by now but either way I'm sure I'll have some more insightful things to talk about in the coming days until then I'm just gonna get home shower off go to bed early and then get ready to start tomorrow a whole new day to get after it so I'll see you then

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 83 - Back and QnA [GX6J1jyw95I].txt ===

I have yet to watch a single Christmas movie this year. No peanuts, no grinch, no elf, no nothing. Maybe that'll maybe I'll start something like that during the post-back day cardio tonight. Who's to say, right? I mean, do not be fooled. Just because you have to do cardio, you know, sit there and let me actually pedal or whatever else. That doesn't mean you can't do other things, too. Depending on what machine you pick, I'm personally partial to pedal based machines. I seated by seated, kind of like a look to go sort of thing. Your hands are free. You can tool around on your phone, bust out a best-atural, game-boy advanced to give yourself some nostalgia from playing Super Mario Bros. 3. Do whatever the hell you want. Read a book. Mark just got me a copy of the first Dune for Christmas. I'm actually going to go, I'm going to read that thing, too. Because I just watched the newer Timothy Shalom A1 Dune and Dune 2. And now I'm going to have Dam Dunyak. Frankly, I am seeing a lot of the similarities and the inspiration behind a lot of Star Wars tropes. Because don't be fooled. Dune came first. So it's getting a resurgence nowadays. That's kind of nice though. I've had an, and this is unrelated to the lifting, but I've had enough, like, what, what, or I can't even, I can't even list all of the new Marvel movie names. Just too much, right? At least at least go back to some old school stuff in a new way. That's, like, we don't need any more sequels. That's usually what I end up thinking whenever I scroll through, like Netflix or anything else. But most of my meal, watching, or meal eating in cardio, doing videos so far that have been helping me pass the time, tons of Linus and Tick-Tips videos. I have just been going through all of them. Which I do every so often. I, I never knew more about GPUs and motherboards than I do whenever I'm on a Linus Tick-Tips craze. Which is, yeah, it was really crazy. When me and Mark went to Vegas to go to that power slap thing, I ran into fireworks this name. Ah, I can't remember. It was another one of the, like, the Tech YouTube guys. But I stopped and I was like, you know, just watching one of your PC-built tutorials, holy crap. I just want to see it in there. But on a more pressing note with tonight's back day, all these gyms are closed. It's, uh, I don't, I don't want to disclose the time. It's very late. I sort of spent today sleeping here. And I did my first cardio session kind of later. I, uh, I could tell I was feeling a little extra sleepy. So, and it said, they give myself a couple hours of sees. But now I'm kind of paying for it because I let my routine get off axis a little bit. But that's not going to stop a solid lift. So, still got access to cables, seated rope, pull down some dumbbells, mainly cables, and sort of the pull-up bar are going to be the stars of the show for tonight's back day. But you know, they need too much more, you know? I mean, as long as you can leverage something to have like a pulling towards your body, rowing action, a pulled down type situation, be it just like a pull-up. And maybe a pull over if you're feeling froggy, then that's it. I mean, I've had back days, I've had tons of back days back, uh, especially kind of peak COVID era. When all I had access to was the basement gym, rack, pull-up bar, one cable, and then some dumbbells. Some of the freakyest freaking back pumps in my life. I have a meaning to go back to my parents asking clean out that space, so I can actually lift down there again whenever I don't want to go to a public gym. But it's, uh, I think there's a certain fallacy that every workout has to be very complicated and have like 10 different movements and 10 different sets of every different movement, whereas like, you know, just don't need that much. Pull down or a pull down style movement and a row. Frankly, if I, if every back day I could only choose two movements and do like a few sets of rows to start and then finish with pull down, I would be perfectly fine with that because what is your back doing, man, you know, and apart from like scapular retraction or whatever else, it's pulling stuff. It's taking your arm from out here. You grab onto something and then you, bring your elbow towards your body until you can't any further. So be that from the top down and like a pull down from the bottom up and more of a shrugged row. It's really just pulling your elbow towards your torso from a variety of different angles. So I like boiling it down to a very simple thing like that. Like, what's a bicep curl? Bring your hand towards your shoulder. Like so. What's a chest press or a chest fly? It's not pushing anything through hands. It's pulling your elbow across your body. It's rotating your arm about your shoulder in this way where your chest is a thing pulling your forward. And I think there's a solid value to be able to visualize like the system of basically tension and whatever else that's going on in, you know, like your quads. What are you doing to leg extension? You don't just push the thing, your flexing your quads and pulling your knee upward. Like thinking about that, I feel almost, let's me put myself into whatever muscle I'm and just helps me feel it a little bit more. You know, because instead of just like doing a movement and then gradually feeling more fatigued over time, every rep, if I'm really visualizing like my lats pulling my elbows down toward my hips, then at the bottom of every rep of just a simple strip, our pull down, I can have a good momentary like burning squeeze at the bottom. And then it just adds to every rep, you know. And if every rep is just a little bit more intense, then overall, every set is going to be a little bit more intense. And then every workout is going to be a little bit more intense. And then every workout is going to be a bit more stimulating. And the chain of command just keeps following down the line. So all that's to say is whenever you do an arrow or a pull down or leg extension or whatever, really try to make sure that at the top of most of your reps. Now if I do a nasty set, it's a little bit different. But I mean for most normal working sets, like I really want to feel a good at the bottom of every one. And then, you know, as I get closer to failure, now you can only do a couple of partial reps. It's not so important. But by then, I'm not thinking about like the squeeze, I'm thinking okay. I'm just not even like thinking normal thoughts. But either way, I think within the hour, I will have a reasonably freaky back pump. Hopefully some new back veins, the likes of which we'll get to see during the post down. And then finish some more cardio. cardio is cardio is the theme of these last couple of days. Now that especially now that I'm past the hour mark, right now, I'm about the hour and a half mark. Because hour the morning and then 30 after the lifts, except for leg days. And it doesn't feel unbearable. Like it's actually still pretty feasible. So I'm sure within a couple of weeks that cardio is actually going to be increased even further, which it's starting to feel kind of crazy. But you had to do it you had to do. So I think no more talking about we just get in the gym and then I get this lift started. Let's start with some close grip pull bands. I usually don't do these, so in a spirit of changing things up, I want to start with something that I don't normally start with. Bye. No, my hands. Feel more ders any. far about? Oh my gosh. Oh, I'm gonna make this next one a drop set for sure. And I just remember the guy who's Jay's two cents. Dude, it's freaking tall. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh my gosh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Let's roast something now. That's a good three opening poll that sets. Common theme for this gym. But I really do like seated roast here instead of over there. And since I'm not really even going that heavy right now, this is cool. So I really want to feel like my shoulder blades are touching each other at the back. So it's almost like I want the back of my triceps, or I guess, what I'm right here, to feel like if they're being pulled all the way around as far as they can. I'm not just pulling it. That's sort of my mental cue to make sure I release squeeze at the top. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my god. Two more goodness. These reps are going to be quick from the start. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One more. Then the last set will be some kind of superset between a row and a pull over or a row and a pull down. And then I think that'll be it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my goodness. I'm ready for a superset. I'm pretty sure. Let me just decide what I want it to be. Not totally sure yet. But I know it's going to involve some wide grip pullbacks. That's for sure. This one set might actually be it. Basically, it's wide as I can reach and weight that's light enough. At the bottom, I can really get a momentary squeeze. Like I was talking about the car. And if I decided to do one more set, I like to pull over. That's cool too. But I'm going to go about this set as if it's my last one. Trying to leave anything at the take. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think we're ready for the other step. There we go. All right. Backfully pumped. Let's see how the shirt, last spread looks. Which it should be reasonably freaky. But that's just a hypothesis. Let's get the raw data. Yeah, I think we get some Doritos action going on there. But through the shirt means nothing. I don't know why we're tank. They're both coming off again anyway. Yeah, we got right in the middle. Oh, I guess. Oh, my goodness. And don't worry, I am in fact practicing posing. Oh, just a bit trickier. Immediately right after a lift. But for you, I was seeing the car. I'm going to get quite acquainted with that seated bike right over Yonder. So let's fast forward 30 minutes. All right. Just out of the go a little extra crazy. 45 minutes difficulty 10. The machine says 400 calories. That's about freaking right. Now let's get in the car. Oh, my God. All right. So I just made a YouTube post. Q and A questions right now quick with a little picture of a real. I've got a we got a vest on. I'm like, but let's let's go for the top. So if you were up late enough to see it, then you get some luck on your side there. In Zark, Inzer, carry big off, Inzer, carry big off, 9 9 2 1. Why can't you eat only junk food if it fits your macros? I don't understand why healthy food is healthy. And that is a really good question. You actually got a, that was the first one. That's a freaking banger. So what it comes down to as far as I'm concerned is just lunged. You know, like for me, I don't have a lot of food. Right now. Like I'm trimming down and the calorie intake is noticeably low. So that means that I've only got 2,000 ish calories to eat for the entire day. Now that adds up to I think like 100 grams of carbs, 40, 50 of fats, and 250 grams of protein. So right now, all that protein is coming from ground beef. I've got like five pounds of cubed steaks season in the suvi that it, like it's a go home to take out, put a new big Tupperware eggs, ground turkey, like just straight protein sources, and then you know, it's kind of fancy about them. Like nothing fried, no fatty steaks or anything. So all the protein that's just coming from there, which is kind of where you should get your protein anyway. Like I don't, I don't really want to eat junk food protein. Like the protein should come from dedicated high quality protein sources. But when it comes to those 100 grams of carbs and 40 grams of fats, if I only ate 100 grams of carbs and 40 grams of fats for the entire day, worth of benageries, like I had a little half tub or a quarter tub of benageries, and I could eat that for my carbs and fats, and I only ate that much. Then the dieting phase would still work. I would still be in a calorie deficit and I'd still trim down. Now when it comes to getting like really lean like peeled, you might run into some trouble just because it's going to kind of throw off your blood sugar and whatever else in your insulin sensitivity. But for the most part, yeah, I would be able to do that. I would keep getting leaner. But the problem is it just wouldn't really work that way. Because 100 grams of carbs and 40 grams of fats from ice cream is not going to be very filling at all. Really, it will not be filling. So I'm just going to be hungrier, eating the junk food or like the treats like that. Then I would be if those 100 grams of carbs and 40 of fats came from like low carb tortillas, low fat free cheese, like low carb breads and just salads and like makes vegetables with all the food and everything else. Because that's just more filling, you know, in a bulking context, you know, I'm going to have some treats because those calories are what I'm aiming for. I need to eat in a calorie surplus. But if you've only got this many calories to work with, then I need to make this many calories count. So I need to eat foods that are more filling and are going to make me feel full so that I don't come back to the kitchen every 30 minutes, halfing to, you know, scathing around for some kind of snack or something just to try to curb my hunger. You know, so it's more so a problem of just what's more feasible and just doable on a day by day basis. So, you know, the treats, if I want them, I can fit them in, but I got to pay the price of now I'm going to be hungrier. In 30 minutes, then I would be if I had a bowl of, you know, eggs mixed with broccoli and cauliflower that I steamed in the microwave versus like, you know, a pack of ramen or something like that. But it's very good question. Let's see. Z3RA1R says, do you watch football and if so, who is your favorite team? I tune in, you know, I'll tune in. I'm not like a die-hart fan of anything particular, but obviously I'm going to root OSU if they're playing. Other than that, I don't really have too many affiliations, whichever team seems like they're in underdog sometimes they kind of lean towards them just because I love seeing an upset, but I haven't got that question yet, so that's a good one. How fast can you clear a whole rotisserie chicken asks Phil fan of 1-320? Well, you know, let's, are you talking straight on the bone off of the, like, the oven rack because that's going to be way too hot to eat? Let's assume it's cooled down to eatable temperature and how clean do I have to get it, you know, can I leave some scraps? Do you have to be, I mean, it wouldn't have to be surgically like bones on the end of it. I'd say, what's a full, what's the rotisserie chicken way? Is that about probably three pounds of, three pounds? Give me an hour and a half, I could guarantee I could get it down in an hour and a half. Hour would probably be pushing it, it might depend on how hungry I am, but I think I could totally do it, but the exact time frame, I'm not totally sure, I've just never eaten that much chicken at once. But I think I could, you could put me down for one at least, I could definitely put down a whole versusery. Moon one two two two two two two one, how many of the things of the other did you make tomorrow with the, like, thinking emoji? I, I think he might have missed tight. That's not really a, that's not really a real question. Oh, there we go. Now we got a ton of comments, I got some discounts through here. Let's, let's see what else to be done here. Are you a big fan of Rungicata, or no, Rungicata numerical methods? Are you more of an improved, youeler kind of guy? Asked Harry Truman M4R, dash M4R, rather. Uh, I feel like Rungicata, I don't remember that was kind of a while ago. I, I feel like I didn't love Uller's method, so I'm going to go with Rungicata, but I don't really, I don't really recall. Favorite anime right now? I don't know, man. I've, I've seen a ton, like I've got a list, you know, anybody that watches a ton of anime, they've all got a Google Doc, where they write down every show they've seen. I've, I've watched a lot of them, and nothing is really getting me going, you know, like I tune into one piece every so often just to see what's going on. But usually, I like the spoilers are enough to tell me how the story's going. You did catch me right after I had a bit of a thought, though. I was thinking of myself after I watched some kind of TikTok, whereas like if you could go back in time and erase your memory of a show that you watched, which one would it be? So that you could watch it again. And the first one that came to mind is Jojo. Right? One through six, haven't read part seven, haven't read part eight or nine. I might have to, just because I know how cool it is. And I'm part six was kind of unfortunate, you know, the show itself, the animation was not exactly there. Part five was nuts. Part six though. But I would have to say Jojo is probably up there as my favorite. Close tie with berserk, close tie with Naruto, close one pieces around there too. But it's apples and oranges, you know, each one has its own, I mean each one's its own story. I mean you can't judge something like that. You can say they're both good, but picking one over the other, you know, it's such a subjective thing. But I'd say those are kind of my favorites now. Favorite movie and why? A lot of media questions. The next one is one is a, oh, let's, one is the first show. That's a different kind of show. But Ryan 15 core 32, favorite movie and why? What is my favorite movie? Hmm. Favorite movie? I don't know. I just watched a bunch of the gangster movies. I think I finished Godfather. I don't know if I watched Godfather too. I loved, uh, what's the one where it's about the casino guy? I don't know. I just watched the big short, that was pretty good. I can pick a favorite. There's so many. Too many to remember. When is the first show? That's planned for February. That is the current plan that we're rolling with. But nothing's like specifically set yet. Once that's like locked in, that's when this series is going to change from like winter shredathon to like, you know, three weeks out, two weeks out, one day out. Like that sort of thing. But that's for, that's for a little while. The Brian channel, could you go back to the intro music you were using last year around this time? Nothing wrong with the new intro music. It just brings back memories. No, the, uh, every time I pick an intro song, it gets copyrighted. I need to, uh, I feel kind of weird having somebody commission it. I don't want to just like play around a garage, maybe come up with something. I feel like that'd be a little cooler. But that's, uh, that's soon. There's going to be another intro again. We're just going to know intro for a little bit. What's your favorite color? Ask Angel Policios 2271. I'm not totally sure, man. You know, I think, uh, I think what's your favorite colors kind of, uh, it's kind of a simple question. I think what's your favorite color combo is a little bit cooler. And I'd say I'm pretty partial to either a black and gray with a red or a blue kind of highlight. Like my, uh, like my computer, black background, but like sort of a blue highlight, that sort of thing. I like that kind of combo. Honestly, that's like, uh, it's basically just how I dress all the time. And if I got the gray pants or black gray, uh, like black pants black shoes, black hat, plain t-shirt, absolutely perfect. But probably some reds and blues are in there. Those are kind of the most prevalent for me. Bob, a duck bro. What are your thoughts on trying to maintain motivation and discipline to cut and stay lean, even when in college slash on vacation or drinking culture is so prevalent to have it fun. And that's a deep question. That's a deep one. And it's, it's kind of tricky, you know, because if you're the one guy who says he doesn't want to go out, then you kind of put yourself out there is the buzzkill, you know. So it's, you know, it might be tempting. I'm not saying just stay home all the time, but, you know, whatever you go out, just don't buy yourself a bunch of drinks and like get black out drunk. Apart from just like, it's own problems that that comes with lifting specifically. It's, it's not good for games. It's simply, uh, it's a performance de-hancer for games. Your mind, what's the phrase? Your, your muscular high-perchriffy is reduced by, I don't know, what percentage? A hundred if you're constantly getting seriously, like, splurge out of your mind on the regular. And then also, it's like, you know, it's, it's never been my thing. So it's easy for me to say that. But if it's hard for you to get away from that space, like if your friends are always going out, then, if they're the type where they're trying to force you into it and like make sure that you come along and do everything that they're doing. And you're expressed that you don't really want to. Then that might be a question of like, who are you hanging around? Right? And I'm not, like, I'm not your dad. But if you got five dudes who aren't locked in drinking other regular, what are the odds that if you're in that group, you're going to be the outlier? You know, so that's, that's not really for me to say, that's for you to say to you in kind of an internal sort of situation. But, you know, it's not like going out a couple of times every month is going to absolutely derail your fitness goals. But in the moment, it definitely will have an impact. So, you know, fast forward six months or look back six months. However, many times you went out, just add it up in your mind and think, okay, was that really even worth it? Like if I look back in every time I went out, like this is, this is me as, as you, if you're that guy, like, okay, today. Okay, if I could go back, I totally wouldn't have done that. And that's basically the gist of what getting smarter and like getting more wise is looking back and trying to stay something. And okay, yeah, I probably shouldn't do that next time. All right, perfect. It's nothing wrong with screwing up, but it's being able to look at it and think, okay, let's change something up for next time, you know. But that's, it's easy for me to say that because I've never really had to be in that position. Like I've been locked into the, like, everything working out bodybuilding wise since like mid high school. So the idea of me even like actually drinking is like it's always been comical, you know, so that's, that's it for you and that's it for you to think about yourself. But I'm not saying it's easy, but it is simple. Let's keep screwing up here. Lame soul. If I had to go back and do it all again, what would I tell my younger self? Well, I'd probably tell my, how young are we talking here? And we talking like 16 or we talking like 10. Because if it's 10, then I would have somehow convinced my dad to buy a bunch of Bitcoin way back when that would be a pretty big move. But if we're talking fitness related back 16 when I started, I, you know, I'm not, I'm not telling you. I've probably told myself, I don't need to do 25 sets of biceps in one workout and that eight good ones with suffice. But apart from that, I don't think there's really anything you'd want to say, you know, because any mistakes that I've made over the course of time, I've kind of learned from it. That's what's put me exactly where I'm at right now. And as much as you could look back at yourself and think, man, what the hell was I thinking? Or like, man, oh, it's, why would I even want to do that? Or just whatever. The only reason that you have that perspective now is because you got to look back and think, well, I was totally screwing up back then, but now I get it right. So as long as you get in smarter every time, then, you know, every time you mess up, every time you go through something, you just kind of come out of it a little bit stronger or smarter. So it's like, kind of a paradox because if you go back in time and change something, then who you are now is not totally different. Or you just like, not exist or like worst case scenario, you like turn into your own grandpa, it's, you know, But I would definitely tell myself, I don't need to do so much volume. I could have toned it down and focused more on set by set intensity. 7 9 3 5 asks, have you watched arcane season 1 or 2? Not a legal legend's fan, but arcane was awesome. I didn't watch season 1, I liked it. Season 2, I just haven't started it yet. I know I will. I see all of the, um, Oh crap, what's this name? Like the main dude, the Hex tech guy. Well, I see all those like TikTok edits, they look pretty cool. I'll probably watch that pretty soon. I like the first one. I think they did a really good job. ASPN asks, what other hobbies do you have outside of the gym? Not a ton. I don't know, see, that's kind of the biggest one. But I dabble. I dabble every so often. I'll grab, uh, get a Rubik's Cube set of my desk, sometimes I'll fidget around with that. I can, um, I think if, if I really got warmed up into it and I had like a good, uh, scramble, I can solve it about 30 seconds or so. You can put me down for under a minute for sure, but like, for under 45 seconds, I'd have to really be in the zone. Um, I, I got a, I got like a $100 square, stratic astric guitar in high school, and like I tried to start playing it a little bit, and then it just hung up on the wall. I brought that from my parents' house to my apartment, sometimes I mess around with it. I, uh, I tried it, and trying to see if I can learn that over time too. Not like crazy seriously, but just, you know, but other than that, the fitness is a lot of it, and I'm so, like, cool with that. Let's see what else we got here. What's your thoughts on the new Kendrick album, GNX, haven't heard it? It's probably good. Another hobby is except for the gym question by Adam the man. We kind of already got that one. Sidney Lauren Courtney asks, what's your new year's resolution? I don't really have a new year's resolution particularly. Definitely not one in mind, and I don't think I've ever really had one specifically. Stay locked in. I guess that's probably, uh, that's probably a good one. Swell Rickett's fan page one asks, how do I figure out my purpose? That's a reasonable question. That's a reasonable question. If I had to boil it down to what my purpose is, you know, in a very overarching context, I'd say I want to be able to look back at all the things that I've done later on down the line and think, I went for it. I made some shit happen nice, and then, you know, no I at least tried to do some crazy shit. But unlike a day by day process or context, I wake up and I'm excited to go do my cardio. I got a lift later in the evening, and then I go to bed thinking about the fact that I did that, and then I'm going to do it again tomorrow. So that's kind of my main thing. So I'd say just dabble around. You know, there's a good mix of circumstances when you find something you have a little bit of aptitude for that you like doing at least a little. And that you can do frequently, you know, so if you can find something, it's all these three criteria and just practice a lot. I, you know, hypothetically, that could just become a new thing, you know, but it's, it's really just like, what do you think it would be cool to do? And then if you, if something immediately comes to mind, I say, just go for it. Best case scenario, you find a new thing that you become freaking sweet at. Maybe become the next, you know, the next big woodworking, table manufacturer, the Midwest for like custom, whatever, or, you know, worst case scenario you think, man. That was stupid. I'm going to try something else. Either way, you're ahead of where you were before. So really just, you know, start going down to YouTube rabbit holes and find something to get into. Let's see who was right here. And just like I'm going to drive here, favorite Marvel character asks, mayste tasty 7611. Favorite Marvel character. Ironman's the first one that's really coming to mind. So I guess I probably have to pick Ironman. And that was, that's probably just because I watched a lot of those movies when I was younger too. But he's pretty cool. So I guess Ironman, have I watched a texture season one through four? I have. And I'm going to kind of extend your question. Have I watched the news seasons where like textures older and it's in the future? And like the texture origin? No. I have not dabbled. Because it's, that's funny. Some of these questions are exactly like what I was talking about in the car on the way here. It's like, you know, the show kind of served. It played it's course alright. You're beating the, you're not beating the dead horse, but you're kind of playing up the same thing. Sometimes I feel like shows can be overdone like that. You know, like if you've ever watched a texture, you would know. If you just watched, I think season one through four. And you skipped the finale. And that last episode, you could probably just end it there and be totally content. Sometimes dragon things out doesn't make it any better. But let's, let's keep scrolling around here. No, it's all 6667. Do you plan on doing any more vlogs and different types of content? Also, been here since day one. You can see my comment on your first video. It's a, you know, going to go ahead and screenshot that one. See if this guy's lying. But yeah, we're going to dabble. Going in next year, we're going to be dabbling into some new stuff. So just keep it. I have a little, a little different than the standard tripod lifts on the daily. But I'll keep those up. I've kind of been thinking like, okay, do I want to keep, should I keep making the daily workout videos? Should I make just like one week, should I back it off? And I wouldn't, like it wouldn't bother me. But a lot of you guys do like tuning in for the daily workouts. And it's not really too hard for me to bring you along with me. So I'm fine with it. And I'm sure I've probably developed a bit of a weird, like, parasocial me in the camera relationship where I get to really talk about my training a lot. I think it's kind of helped me because I get a lot of, like, putting thoughts into real words and like expressing like what I think about certain parts of my training. I really do think it's given me a lot of insight into how I can adjust my stuff. I mean, if you look at how I was working out even just a year ago, and then go back even further to like the first few months of videos, very different. So it's, I don't mind recording all the stuff. But yeah, well, we're going to dabble around a little bit. Let's see here. Why did you stop taking the Dextro Shakes X Juice 1070? I think those were a little crazy. Fifty hundred grams of sugar and 50 grams of protein straight to the dome. I think that might have been a little nuts. Now, bringing them back to like 25 grams, postwork out, just for, like, an instant sort of blood sugar, insulin spike. That's a little more legit. I was taking those a little bit too, a little bit too far. I was definitely stressing out my system. But that'll return just not as extreme. Rico slicer 126. Do you love me question mark? I'd say something, Rico. Well, you just met. You get a little early, get a little early for all that. Let's see here. We need a feats of strength video, or you just do NFL combat events, ask Salen and dial 837. Maybe we'll get that one day. We'll get to do some Sam stats. Not very soon, though. I would really feel like a champ if I hurt my knee or something doing something stupid right now, especially going into a dieting phase. We'll see if any athletic endeavors for a little bit later on down the line. I got so HL, what got you into lifting? So in high school, high school, middle school, high school, I was doing gymnastics. That was like a three hour day thing swinging around the bar, doing double backflips on the spring floor, that sort of stuff. And I was good, but I wasn't like college level good. I wasn't on that track. So I ended up quitting that in about the middle high school after my sophomore year. So we would work out a little. And sometimes we'd go to the weight room of the gym and like we do like regular strength training, like bench, dead lifts, like rows, things like that. So that kind of got me a little bit into it, but I'm not sure exactly. But what happened was once I quit doing that, I had now like a basically including the drive a four hour chunk of time after school, which is now empty. That wasn't doing that anymore. And that was four hours after school. And like five hours every Saturday in the morning, because it was like nine to noon or like nine to one with a 30 minute drive there, and a 30 minute drive back. So I had a big pocket of time, which I was being very physical, basically every day with, which is now gone. So the outlet of just Indiana Jones swapping that for the working out. Kind of just that out of being perfect. Apart from that, I can tell you exactly what got me so locked into it. I must have just liked it. That maybe do some more self-analysation to get any deeper than that. Sell C6191, how to gain more weight. And I tell you something, now you got a trick for that. Eat more food. Now it's a little more complicated. Do your weight training, add some cardio on the mix as well. But to eat more calories than your body burns every day. That gap of extra calorie intake, that will be stored as some kind of mass on your body. Now without weight training and like a stimulus and creating a need for your body to want to build more muscle with that extra energy. It's all right, it's going to get just put on a spare body fat. But when you eat enough food to over recover from weight-based training, you will begin to gain reasonably substantial amounts of muscle. So I'd say just starting looking up, you know, had a bulk for beginners. Some basic workout style, like splits. And then just go from there. The information is pretty digestible. Right now we're probably at the most, what's the word of thinking? That's engageable? Are the easiest, well, the most connected time that we've really ever been in. So you don't have to go to a library and bust out the Arnold and Cyclopidea body building. It probably wouldn't be a bad start though. Just start watching some freaking YouTube videos, man. Everybody here has definitely gone through the experience of watching a million athlete-x Tricep pushed down tutorials and everything else to learn like the basic justs of things. And before you know it, you'll be off on your own, do your own workouts, come up with your own stuff, make in your own gains and... ...for getting... ...skeys the limit. But it's definitely going to start with an increased calorie intake in terms of gaining weight. Highman shoe, underscore 72. Sam, can you please say hi to me? Hey there. Let's get a couple more here. He's questioning if I hit the gym and did my cardio. And yes, yes I did, Mr. Wiskers asks, I guess, says stallion for Nando. And that's interesting. I don't know about this Mr. Wiskers business. Let's get you. Mundy 3PSX, what's your end-game goal with bodybuilding? Well, hypothetically, I want to continue to get bigger and more muscular for a while. And then once I've reached a point where I'm like, alright, this is big enough. I probably just want to stay there pretty lean for a while. And then eventually taper down, get a little bit more light athletic kind of build. And then just keep working out. That's kind of the plan there. Kind of not the most extravagant, but that's sort of the path I want to go down. Like, there's no infinite rate of gains. I'm never going to be 400 pounds lean. There is kind of an end goal. And I think I'm definitely closer to the end than I was to the beginning, so in terms of my overarching bodybuilding style goals, I'm definitely on track towards what I want to see. But it's just a time thing. I'll keep you updated for sure. Let's see. What do you do? Have ever been fitness member of the month asked, silice.1860? No. No, never. That'd be funny though. Fitness member. What do you have to do to be fitness member the month? What do you think is that kind of criteria? That's making me curious. Let's get a couple more down here. Average guy 6242 asks, what's your back damage prevention plan? Well, I don't really do any insanely heavy deadlifts. And even when I do RDLs and I round my back, I'm not lifting and insane amount of weight. Like, I don't feel like I'm putting my back in any kind of potentially damaging position. Even though it might not look like awesome, it's a little bit around this from a movement like that. It really doesn't shoot off any worrying signs in my mind. But also with any heavy squat and any loading based shoulder press, and by shoulder press, I mean weight loaded onto my back and my shoulders. Make sure I get a big breath, keep my back straight. And apart from that, not much. I never really, the best, I mean, obviously the best trick is just don't do anything that would get you hurt. But apart from that, if you're dealing with any kind of like PT style stuff, I would definitely look into a reverse hyper. That's all I, a reverse hyper and inversion table. That is basically all I ever hear with only solid results, at least when used consistently for any kind of back problems. Let's keep going. Let's give it a few more. Okay, this is the last one. Him and shoes, this guy already asked one. Well, I already said it. How's your gang is con fight prep going? I'm not sure if you're going to do that. I'm not sure if you're going to do that. I'm not sure if you're going to do that. Well, I already said it. How's your gang is con fight prep going? Who leaked that? When did that get leaked? Because I swear I've not said anything about that gang is con fight. I guess the bag is out. It's going quite well. I'm feeling pretty spray about it. All right. Now let's find the, let's find the one last one here. Cat name asks Jesse 3621. Well, there's a couple now. So, on my parent's house, I've got, why did I just forget anything? Oliver, who I got him as a kitten from some of them. My mom worked with. And he's kind of half inside half outside. You know, sometimes we don't see him for a couple of days because he runs off on his own. But he always shows back up. He's tough. He's definitely tough on he can handle himself. Even just picking him up, he can tell. He's not just a lap cat. Like this is a predator. Like he'll come back with spoils from his hunts. They get left at our back porch. Not so much now. I've very, all those little critters are kind of in hibernation. But I can guarantee this spring is going to be a blood bath on my parent's back porch. And then I've got three of my apartment. Rocky, the black one, who is like, he looks like a damn thoroughbred show cat. When I adopted him, he was real kind of skinny, like very kind of thin. His coat wasn't as full. Because he was a band in stress. So he was a little on the scrappy side. But I could see the beauty within. So once he started again, three tins of wet food a day. He X. I'm going to try to remember to add like a before and after picture of him. Because unrecognizable once he got an extra four pounds of beef on him. Plus a full fluffy coat. Yeah, he is awesome looking. And his tail is like as long as his body too. He's the best kind of a luth though. He just walks around. This is something. And then his real, the white one. He's got like two brown spots on him. He's a little more cutley. He's a little bit more of a shatter. But he's great nice. And then the most recent one is Rascal. He's another. He's not a stray. Now he was a. He was a. What do you call it? What do you call it when someone gives up their cat to a shelter? But either way, he's still adjusting. He's he's buddies with the other two like they'll sleep together and everything. But he still though he doesn't want to be picked up and held yet. He doesn't mind getting pet but he's not. He's not ready to get picked up and held. That'll that might take a little while. But I think that pretty much clears it up. So I'll get some more of these kind of Q and A's going. But if you were, so I'll just delete this post now. I don't want to leave it up if nobody else is, if nobody else's comments are going to get answered. But either way, I think that kind of. Kind of clears up some of those questions if any of those were ones that you were waiting to hear from. So I'm going to go home. Get some sleep. Actually, no, I'm not going to get some sleep yet. I get to put that beef away. Go home, put that beef away. Have a bowl. Then get some sleep. So I guess I'll just see you for what I hope to be a freaky arm pump tomorrow.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 84  - Alternating Arm Workout [KciasarJJ94].txt ===

There we go. Alright, a little bit of a later one. It's 10 13 PM on this December 29th Sunday night. And that a lot of gyms are open. But I will tell you this, there is one gym which fails to disappoint. Oh, and it fails to disappoint for being open any time. Now, some of them are much scrappy or than others because it's kind of a... It's like a guy-by-guy franchise sort of thing. So it's not like every gym has to have a corporate set of everything. Like every planet fitness has the same stuff and every LA fitness I would assume is like stocked with a lot of the same things I've never been to one of those gyms. But at any time, it can kind of vary. I've been to some really crazy badass anytime. There's this one kind of in the outskirts. It's like two hours away from me. It's like a camping style trip. So I went to like this random anytime and it was sick. They had this awesome back room. I think it was one of the... one of the later bulking videos. It was a chest-aid over there. There's a few days, but the chest-aid in particular was the craziest because the gym had this back heavy room. Dumbbells to 150 power racks, everything else you could want. It was just really freaking cool. So luck in the draw. But for the most part, the enemy teams are kind of holding the wall gyms. Like a little smaller. They get some hammer strength stuff. They get some racks. They get some with machines. They've got cables. They got dumbbells. And they really are fully stocked. So I don't want to... I'm not trying to dog it any other gyms specifically. But for a long time, I kind of feel like in my mind, plan of fitness was what came to mind as like, okay, which gym membership should I get if I want to have a gym open when I travel? Because if you pay the extra 20 bucks a month or something, or I think the extra like 10, or there's like a fee, whatever. You get to go to any planet anywhere. You just scan your thing and you're good. But the problem is, they're not always open, you know? The anytime is way better because they are a little keycard. You can put an apple thing in your wallet and you just scan it to get it like that. That's the plan for tonight. And anytime that any other gym is shut down, that's usually where I go. Or I would get a home gym cleaned up with my parents house and just lift down there as that's kind of a... That's how I might to do list as well as like 12 or 12. Like eight different imma's on returns. I got a bunch of camera lenses that I did not end up using your liking. So I got to send all those back. But plan for tonight's arm day, triceps in biceps obliteration with just a touch of side delts for kicks to see him, to see him a little bit pumped up during the post-down. And that's kind of the gist of it. So I'm not sure if I want to do a superseted style of like triceps set immediately into a biceps set. Part of me feels like I might want to because when I'm dited down, you know, I've only had 100 grams of carbs so far today. The pump is a bit fleeting. So, you know, let's say I completely thrash triceps in the time that it takes to finish biceps. And triceps pump could be like halfway gone by the time the post-down starts, which not cool for me. So, you know, we'll just have to see. But either way, whether I end up doing all triceps first or all biceps, that won't really change what the lift is composed of. It would just change like the actual machines that he used in wet water. So, I've got to do some rupic extensions, some overhead tricep cable work. And then maybe some single arm underhanded stuff, we'll just have to see if you're tries. But, either way, I want to hit a regular style push down, some kind of stretch based overhead, something or other. And then, I guess that's really it. And then one more little something in the middle. And with curls, I got an even easier set of checklists because I just want to make sure that whatever set of curls I do feels good. You know, I don't think there's anything magic about doing a set of like preachers versus a set of, you know, like some kind of just regular standing alternate curl. But, depending on just how I feel, one or the other might feel way better. Like, I'm kind of imagining myself doing some dumbbell preacher curls today. So, that's for whatever reason, that's just in my mind. So, if I think that would feel good, and then I'd start it, and I like the way it feels, I almost had a couple sets of those. And I'm even just thinking about it now, I think I like the idea of doing some creature dumbbells because I'll be able to give myself some self assistance on a couple reps for the end. And I think I'm starting to get on to something. And then I'll just throw in some side laterals, maybe some front raises, or some face pulls, I mean, for some side-in-rear delta activation. But not the most complicated lifts in the world. And I was feeling pretty sleepy. What the fuck was that? Well, whatever. I was feeling pretty sleepy earlier because this morning I went extra crazy into an hour and a half of cardio. Or it was more like a new. So, it was 45 minutes on this seated, sort of half-seated bike half-a-lipical kind of thing. That actually ended up feeling pretty cool up in that. So, it was 45 minutes there. 15, or no, I did 30 minutes on the treadmill. And then I finished with them at a 15 of the seated bike. So, that's definitely a little tip that I didn't think of before. If doing 30 minutes of cardio feels kind of monotonous and boring and like a chore, then just change it up, man. I mean, do 10 minutes on the bike, 10 minutes on the treadmill, and then maybe like 10 minutes on the elliptical. 10 minutes on a cardio, on a piece of cardio equipment. It goes by pretty quick. It's once you get into that like 15, 20, 25. That's when it starts to feel long. So, if you change it up, it's been working well enough for me. But what I consider a lot of cardio might be a little bit different than what someone who's not so acquainted with the cardio equipment might feel. So, if switching it up every 10 minutes helps you, I say go for it. But nothing else to discuss about what we just get in there and get this arm-daised started. Hopefully I'll be home before midnight. Let's keep the classic here and start with some five reps alternating single arm push dance. Once I had another side, once I had other side, until they're pretty much fully cut. And I think I know exactly how I want to go about it. I'm thinking the resets are tries. The resets are buys. Two sets of tries, two sets of buys. One set of tries, one set of buys, and then a superset at the end. Because that adds up total to about, not about exactly seven working sets per muscle group, which for me has kind of been my sweet spot. So, if historically I know seven is about right, then it's just kind of a fun way to do it. Because it's like, I get to build up the pump of both arms, both muscle groups at once. Kind of like an increasing rate. But sometimes I don't like supersetting them because I like the idea of completely wrecking one muscle before moving on to the next. So I think that this sort of three and three, two and two, one and one sort of approach is a nice medium. But it's not that magically special about it. I'm still doing the same amount of working sets for the lift as I would've had it all tries and then all buys. It's just a little bit of a different way to go about it. And sometimes I think that's all you need to do to spice up your training, make it more interesting. Because if you feel like your lifts are boring, like when guys say, I'll do it. I'm getting real bored of my workout split right now. It's like, I don't think it's the splits fault, and if you're doing the exact same lifts every day, or every muscle day, then yeah, I get that when we see it getting a little bit repetitive. So, don't be afraid to change it up. If you're doing back and by's, you do like a back movement, and then immediately superset it with a bicep movement, one lift. And then go back to your normal, like all back all buys, like, you know, just keep an interesting. As long as you do your working sets at a reasonable rate, you're still did the workout. You know, don't be afraid to try and your shit like that. But right side first. Now, now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah No Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Oh, yeah Yeah, let's do one more just like that with a self assistance and then I'm not sure what kind of curl I want to start with Let me think about it for a little more Yeah Yeah Yeah Wow Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah I'm gonna be so late. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Oh, my goodness. Yeah. You know, actually, that's probably camp out right here. I think some cable curls are just about exactly what I'm looking for. So in a mind of these are a little bit on the next year side of things. But for this set, I basically just want to do heavy. Not exactly V bar. What would you call this? Just bent bar curls. And then go from there. A couple of long days ago. This was the only boobin I did. And it's just, it's got everything. A really hard squeeze. A good stretch. And it's basically feels like my biceps are getting loaded evenly throughout the whole movement. Which might seem kind of like, oh, obviously you're holding weight. They're going to be loaded the whole time. I mean, that exactly, you know, like when you do a easy bar or a dumbbell preacher curl, it's heaviest at the bottom. Right? When your arm has the weight furthest away from your elbow, that point of rotation. And then when you get to the top, most of that weight is just being supported by your bones. So it's easier to hold it at the top, right? Nobody rests in a weighted creature down here. Now you take a rest up here when you can breathe. But with this set, it's basically just kind of equally hard throughout the whole thing. So it's a very consistent build up of a fatigue. If you catch them, kind of, going down there. And some bring me the horizon won't hurt either. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my God. One more that same weight, but the one after that, I'm going to have to drop it a little bit, I think. Yeah. Yeah. That's your update by 20 for the next one. Here's a nice though. It's hard to beat something just straight up heavy. One more. Yeah. One more. Oh, yeah. That was good. Next move, but. Don't even have switch handles. I think some overhead extensions with this one will be freaking perfect. So let's just get this bunch out of the way and make it happen. So with these reps, especially given that I already have a bit of a tricep pump, what I really want to make sure I do is, like imagine I'm facing the right way. I get to this stretch position. I want to basically completely relax my arms to the point where they just bend as much as they're going to bend. Like the tension's completely off my triceps. I just let them completely stretch out and then pump out another rep and try to ride the negative slowly and sort of feel it. And that's it's easier said than done. You know, it's always like you had to control the negative. No swing in the way around, but it's kind of like a like once you get it, you get it kind of situation because you're going to watch me do some nasty sets of like straight apart pushdowns or I'm pumping out reps and I'm definitely feeling it. But with slower controlled sets like one of these are like with a rope extension. There's this certain like a cruel of fatigue that you just start to feel as you slowly. Enter that stretch position and much easier said than done, but if it clicks for you, then that's where you'll start to see the value of these slow controlled sets which this one will be. No, right. Yeah, right. Yeah. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Oh, can I say it? One. No. No. No. No. No. Oh my gosh. Let's grow some setter. I'm not sure I want to do dumbbell preachers though like I thought. You need to take it to the side. Let's just do some single-up curls here. Right side first to the left side, which some self-assist is. It's exactly what I'm looking for. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. One more just like that. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Oh, you're up. Okay. Let's pick a move into the superset on, I think. Yeah, that'll be good. Curls. So, you know, 10 inch reps here, 10 reps here, maybe drop it to eight, drop it to eight, six, six, five, and some arms are completely inflated with blood. That is a plan. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Oh my god. All right. Let's pose now. Arms complete, no, so on. There we go. All right. That was a really good freaking arm workout. I just sin here right now. I can feel that my arms are extra full of blood. Definitely compared to normal, which dieting to this degree is starting to feel a bit less frequent, but luckily enough today was a rather inflated pump, which I've seen. I've seen some kind of surprise, but I've been in extra cardio, didn't eat any extra food. And yet I feel extra pumped. So lucky lucky me, but let's just run through some classics here. But even just stand up and start to feel like a total of meatball. Oh my goodness. So obviously no Kevin Laveroni level yet, but that's certainly some chunks of meat. Oh my god. Oh my god. So we got all that in the classic. Yeah. We are getting somewhere. But for you who needs to get back to the car, I have a little bit of a post-lift discussion. For me, not getting off so easily. No, because that's to got 30 minutes of cardio. So I'm going to go get that going. And then you'd just enjoy nice little time skip to the campsky. There we go. That was a good one. So it's been approximately 30 minutes on the seated bike. I am now ready to go to bed. So final meal of the night is just going to be about six ounces of cubed top-round steak that I've got sitting in like a five pound... ...where'd it be? Maybe pile. That's in my fridge from a whole bunch that I can't cut up and slow cooked down. So I'm going to slow cooked in the sous-v. Four hours at 128.5 with a variety of garlic, onion, salt, pepper, a little bit of barbecue, sort of seasoning and whatnot. And that's the way to do it. And it really is. Like I'm not one to meal prep per se. I don't have meals stacked up in my fridge or anything like that. But it does make it much easier to have at least the basics in bulk. So what am I eating the most over right now? Protein. That's basically... I mean, that's half of my calorie intake is all just straight protein. So if every time I want to eat something, I need to cook either like a half pound of ground beef or turkey or whatever, then it kind of becomes a bit of a chore, you know? If I've already got five pounds of ground beef sitting in the bowl waiting for me, all I gotta do is scoop out as much as I need, right? Wait out in the scale. Boom. Eight ounces. Perfect. So that's where my the biggest extent of my meal prep's. Has your as you feel the pressure? Oh. It has really been just making sure I've got enough protein on hand. So I've probably going to be through all of my cube stick within the next day or two. And I've got five pounds of that green, I don't say green. Ground lean turkey waiting to be cooked as well. So that's just going to be as simple as empty at all five pounds into a pot. Low. Give it a couple of stirs every so often and then once it's fully cooked, strain off the fat. And one thing I've every time I talk about doing like the lid method where you flip the whole thing up, set it out and give it a shake. I am aware it is easier using the strainer. But the strainer's that I have, they're a little coarse, they're not so fine. So sometimes they've up losing the chunks of the like the ground beef or I would presume the ground turkey as well. So it just doesn't work. At least it's nicely as I want and you need to get a different strainer. But one thing that I have been doing which I see you guys talked about a lot is once I finish straining off most of it. I fold over like three or four layers with the paper towels onto the bottom of the big, kind of salad bowl that I end up using. And then I cover that with, well I pour the rest of the ground beef or turkey into it. And then with another two or three layers of paper towels, give it a hard squish just to kind of suck off any little bits of bits of fats. And every time I talk about that, I get a reasonable amount of comments. Sam, why would you strain off the fat? The tallos were all the nutrients are in the ground beef man. Look man, I've only got so many grams of fat that I can eat so far right now. Or every day, I'm at 40. I try not to go over sometimes I do and I eat it up. It's not the end of the world but I've eaten it before. And if I had like a really fatty cut of steak, like if I had a big rib eye, that was a bit on the soft side of things, that could be my, all my fat intake right then in one meal. So it's not a question of like the quality of the fat or like the, you know, micronutrient density of the different oils or whatever else. Like that's not exactly the problem here. The problem is simply it's too many calories, you know. It just doesn't fit in the schedule. It doesn't fit in my sort of daily allotment. So all my protein now is lean, lean beef, ground turkey. I got a bunch of really like natural, deli turkey. And I can tell it like you even the scrappy turkey, like the Oscar Meyer, whatever, makes my stomach even a few ups and I like it. So now every time I get the deli turkey, I try to get like the most organic one I can, like get my hands off. The best bed is just going to Costco and getting like a big five pound, like 10. I'm not 10 but like five pound, like vacuum seal, the turkey breasts straight off the bird. I don't know post processing apart from cooking. And that's really good because it's just, it's just straight meat, low fat and or nothing. But all the protein sources are coming from lean, lean spots, man. I mean, I've got no, I don't have cartons of eggs right now. All I have is egg white. Well, I guess carton, not the, what's the, what's the word? Carton of eggs. But you also say carton of milk, wouldn't you? Well, I've just got the egg white cartons. So, you know, there's no yolk going on right now. Because it's little things like that. Those even just five calories or five grams of fat per meal, extra. That's going to add up. All right, let's say I'm eating five times a day. I'm really eating more like four but let's include like random snacks. So let's say I eat five times a day and extra five grams of fat in every meal. Which you wouldn't even notice. That's just putting like a little bit of extra butter on a piece of toast or like a sandwich or something. Like you wouldn't even notice the difference. You barely build a taste. But five grams of fat, five times a day. 25 grams of fat. How many calories is that? That's 225 calories. That just got added on to my daily alignment. Or my daily intake like nothing. Like I didn't even notice. So I really can't stress enough with the calories. You've got to be seriously like nitpicky every single gram of everything. At least if you're dieting down in a fat loss context because as soon as you go over your calorie deficit, then it's just a matter of fact you are no longer burning body fat. Because your body needs to run on a certain amount of energy every day. Right? Let's say your car. You're driving a certain amount every day. Just being alive. And every day you've got to burn through five gallons of fuel. So if every day you eat five gallons of fuel, then you're good. You're going to go back and forth all the energy that you consumed. Got burned. You didn't have any extra. You didn't have like a you know a deficit or anything. All the food that you ate got burned off. Now if every day your gas tank burns five gallons, but you fill it up with five and a half gallons, then every day your gas tank is now increasing by half gallon. Right? Slowly but surely. The same thing is going to happen in reverse. So if you need to run on two thousand calories every day to stay the same weight. Like you look it up online maintenance macro or online maintenance calorie calculator. Plug in your info and it says for you to maintain your maintenance calorie level is 2100 calories. And it should spit out some basic like macro ratios or whatever. So if every day you ate two thousand calories, then your body has to make up for that hundred calorie deficit by way of fuel that's already in your build. And the thing that's going to get used first is going to be your intramuscular carbs. Right? Your glycogen stores. So whenever marathon runners talk about like carbing up before they go or like the day before like a big race or something. That's what they mean. They're eating a lot of carbohydrates so that all their glycogen stores, their little carb gas tanks throughout their entire body get filled up. Because carbs are your easiest source of energy. And once those are gone and you're depleted and flat, right low on carbs, then your body is going to have to run on the second most readily available energy source. Body fat, right? Adapose tissue. So you have to go through a process of burning through most of your excess internal carbs, your glycogen. And then stay in the calorie deficit long enough that you start to burn into some of your body fat. So if you're not consistent with it, then you're just going to end up like burning through some of your glycogen, refilling it with like a cheat day and then you never actually end up losing any body fat. Like when I talk about dieting, there's an unfortunate stage in the beginning where you're basically fat and flat. And what I mean by that is like in my first two weeks of dieting, dieting down from this last bulking phase, I did not start to look better and leaner. I just started to look smaller and flatter instantly because that's the time period where I'm not burning through any fat. All I'm doing is burning through all my intramuscular glycogen, like all my sugar stores. So that doesn't make me look any leaner, it physically just makes my muscles smaller, because that's what a lot of your sort of myal fibreller, fibreller, whatever kind of volume is full of just sugar water. And once that gets depleted to a low enough level, then that's when you really get into the body fat, pretty stage of things. But what I'm trying to get at is you have to be consistent in a deficit for a few weeks, straight, no cheating before you can even get to that stage. Like when guys talk about, if you ever hear somebody say, oh well you don't start burning body fat in the first 15 minutes of cardio, you have to get past that first 15 minute mark. That's stupid, that is silly, I don't know where that even came from, that's a random jargon. But in a more longer form context, you really don't start burning body fat in a calorie deficit for at least as long as it takes for you to basically flatten out and to plead your glycogen stores. You know, because let's say tonight, I just let the floodgates open. I ate 500 grams of carbs of like I say, I'm going to have five packs of ramen. I'm going to stop at the gas station, get three packs of fruits and eggs, I'm going to need a bunch of cereal, whatever. Let's say, you know, alternate universe, that's what happened tonight. Then tomorrow, I'm going to wake up, probably feeling kind of weird because I just gained probably like six pounds of carbs in water. But tomorrow, I'm going to now basically be pretty full of carbs. Like all my little sugar stores throughout my entire body will now be full because I just ate a crazy amount of food, crazy amount of carbs specifically. So if tomorrow, I said, okay, I got a lock back in, I'm getting back on my deficit. And I only 2000 calories. I really don't think I would have burned any body fat that day. All I would be doing is burning through all those excess carbs that I just stored up across my build because I just ate a ton of a yesterday and basically filled up that first sort of, you know, storage cell. So it's almost like you got your main line power to your house, which is all the food that you eat. And then you've got two backup generators that first backup generator is really easy to turn on. He just flip a switch, let's say it's like a batter. So as soon as your house stops getting enough power, which is you eating less food than you burned today, then you're going to flip onto that little battery bank in the basement. That's your carbs. And once that runs out, that's when you really start using that second generator that body fat storage and start burning through there. So that's usually kind of my thought process with it. And it might be a little hard to explain or hard to get just by me, like, saying like that, I really need like some fancy info graphics like right in here. But that's usually how I think about it. So if you're thinking about, okay, I want to start dining down. Then you have to have a good grasp of like, okay, I'm not going to see the results that I'm working for for like, minimum four weeks because at first I'm just going to feel smaller. I'm going to feel weaker. I might not feel a strong in the gym. Oh man, I died in sucks. I have screw it. I don't even look at any leaner. It's like, yeah, you don't look at any leaner because you're not leaner yet because that's the hard part. That's the that's the barrier to entry of anybody who wants to get into the dieting because the beginning really is the hardest part. I'm going to get into the dieting because it's all work and no reward. But once you get past that stage into what I would call phase two, now your flat is going to be your carbs are gone. But you're finally starting to eat into some of your real body fat. So in that first stage you're just burning through your carbs. That's where you're going to drop like six pounds in a week. If you jump straight to a real calorie deficit, like in my first week of this diet, like I dropped like 10 pounds. Because that was all just carbs and water. I've got to store it up. And then that instant drop slowed to a steady progression. And that's when I'm really starting to burn body fat. So you got to make it through this tricky part in the beginning and then get on this slow and steady phase for long enough that you start to really see the results you're looking for. So all that's to say is if you're thinking about dieting down, you know, you've looked up how to track your macros. You've got a basic plan, okay, I'm going to eat 200 grams of protein, 50 grams of fat, 200 grams of carbs. That's my limit for the day. I'm not going over it. And you've got a basic plan, then all you really have to do is just stick with it. And much easier said than done, of course. But if you can do it for long enough, then once you actually start to see yourself getting leaner, that's the motivation right there. Every time I see myself noticeably leaner by a certain degree compared to where I was a few weeks ago or months ago, that's very motivating to make me say, okay, this cardio's getting long. I wouldn't mind eating a bunch of treats right now. But I do want to see myself getting leaner. I've seen myself change from the last three months to now. I want to see just how much further I can push it. And also, I know that within three months I'm going to be bulking up again. So it's not like I never get to eat treats ever. It's just kind of saving it for later. But I hope that I hope some of that came across as the process of jumping into a real dieting phase. But if you didn't, well, what do you do? Do your cardio. That's... That'll be my last little finishing statement for you. So I think that's all I got. I've got a leg day playing for tomorrow. Nothing crazy. Hamstring curls, leg extension, cissy squats. Just get a pump. And hopefully I start to see some new veins and striations. So I'm going to try to make tomorrow's lift a little bit earlier than tonight's. I'm getting on a bit of a gradually later and later schedule, which is probably not good. So I'm getting the last couple days of kind of just been waking up when I wake up. Making sure I sleep enough. But I think I got to start to sit in my alarm again and really jump it up. I was waking up like six for a while, but I went out to win the... So either way, I will see you for a freakiest leg pump tomorrow.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 85 - Legs [ogc5wf2F3CI].txt ===

Alright, so it's early. It is much earlier than my last couple of lifts have been, which is a rather good thing for me, because I'm going to get back onto a more normal schedule. So, what I've got tonight, legs, hamstrings, quads, touch of adductors, maybe even a hint of calves, if I'm feeling a little extra crazy, and then they'll really be it. And the stakes are kind of low. I don't have any crazy, heavy sets of leg press or anything planned, which are making me anxious or kind of nervous for, because that's just not the kind of training I need to do right now. Frankly, the leg extension is probably going to be responsible for 75% of the quad stimulation, and then that'll be coupled with some sissy squats as well. Either on their own, or, as like a supersetter to kind of pre-exhaust kind of situation. And then hamstrings will just be hamstrings. Some are the else, cables specifically, because they just feel the best. Some cittacurls probably more likely some laying curls, actually, I sort of prefer the laying curl at this gym. It's like there's nothing wrong with the cittad one. Just doesn't feel as good, like this one for whatever reason, just doesn't click with me personally. And that's not a subjective thing. It's just something about the way that the seat is angled. Like, I'm sure you, machines like pull our machines, like leg extensions and hamstring curls or pre-chic curls, they're pretty well made to the point where most people can basically jump on any of them, at least if you're in like a reasonable height range. And it should feel pretty good. But for some reason, this one just doesn't, something's off. Pullovers are especially tricky. I mean, once you get guys a little bit taller too, I mean, making a pullover machine that really works with everybody. That's definitely, that's definitely a trick that trades for sure. But that's why it's not so, or it's probably not such an awesome idea to just copy. Some guys work out specifically, lift for lift, everything for everything, because odds are half the reason that that guy is picking certain machines and certain orders isn't because that machine is like magic. It just works pretty well for him. So if you want to do a pre-church type movement for buys and the machine weighted like plate loaded or stack loaded handle just doesn't really work for you. Just swap it out for dumbbell instead. You know, or that sort of thing. It'd be foolish just to do a movement specifically because it's that movement. And not try to think about what that movement is actually doing for you. So all that's to say is, if I've got a choice between a laying curl that feels really good and a seated curl that feels a little scrappy for me, I think you already know which one of those are going to pick. But this will be a pretty quick one. It shouldn't take more than an hour total. And then hopefully at the end there's some new quad veins I haven't seen before during the foes down, but no point speculating that. Her speculating about that now. I'm able to just get ready to go in there and make an happen. After all that smack talk, let's just do the seat of curl. And this is a light squeezing set. Like the hard part is going to be like imagine this is my leg. This hold at the bottom. And then we'll go from there. Lets do this as low to one.feeding kick once and start doing the same in the ass like that. And come up here. I've helped you. Here she goes. Yep YouTube Maybe Yep Oh yeah okay one more alright let's move on let's just repeat the exact same thing except now with a length roll moderate weight nothing too crazy nice sorry set to my preferred settings alright come on one more like that and the next one is going to be a much lighter squeeze except and then I think that'll be it just a two movement hamstring let's move on to quads this will be the last year oh my goodness alright never chuck the length by 50 40 and you're squeezing set this will have a full second hold of the top and then there's many spots if you want, see before? That's enough hamstrings. Big coat. Let's get some blood, sorry. I actually did three or four or five sets of adductors and a little bit of calf raises between that last set of hamstrings because of leg extensions taken. Let's get some leg extensions started. Light-ish five reps, five reps, five reps alternates just as kind of a quad starter. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 86 - Last Chest Day of 2024 [aN2Lmv1017g].txt ===

It happened, it finally happened a whole another year has passed. And if you've been watching these videos for long enough, then you would know that basically, well, reason we sporadically across this entire last year, like I'm talking March, I'm talking July, I'm talking September all the way, even just in my earlier February, I'm sure you can find a ton of little quotes and phrases where I'm basically saying shit man, we're too much deep. We're four months deep, we're at the halfway point, year 50% over. You know, we're at the 80% market, it's October man, it's November. And then now, well, for you, for me today's new year's Eve, but by the time this gets uploaded, man, all another year, 2025, we're gonna have a massive spike of Xing out of the four than writing a five on dates, as well as a whole new, oh, it's like a reset, you know, the white board is now being erased. 2024 is over, new year, new main new goals, new routine, new everything. Locked in 2025, winter, our grind set is now beginning for many. And that's not the unfortunate part. The fact that it is going to end for not just as many, because every year of course, there's a whole new crew of basically freshman to get locked into, I'll just anything, right? But the majority are gonna end it, you know what I mean? It's, I keep seeing the, like, random posts talking about how whatever percentage of people give up on their new years, whatever, by like one week or like the first Friday of the year, they had like some kind of name for it, fake or Friday, you know, something like that. But I think that's where it's gonna help to have a little bit of a chip on your shoulder and really just try to stick out because think about this, you know, who is really killing it? Who is really getting somewhere in terms of any sort of goal or like skill or anything? It's not just guys who have like in same talent, like sure that's definitely gonna play a part. There's dudes and, I mean, there's a million, like guys in Brazil who are like two years younger than me, way more jacked, you know. But what I'm trying to get at is as much as there are dudes who just have a natural gift for shit. That's not the majority. A larger percentage or at least a larger, you know, demographic of dudes who actually make shit happen, are the ones who just show up and really showing up is like 70% of them, you know. I would not be surprised if you took two dudes or let's say you did it in like a, you know, a study style where you actually had like a control group and a different group all of a very similar demographic. Largen of the, you could actually like take some data from it. You took one group and you had them do their regular routine all year, just like normal, work home, chill, and then that's the gist of it. And then the other group don't even give them a workout routine. Don't even tell them any specific goals to hit. But make sure that for 30 minutes a day, minimum, they go to the gym. Now there's no requirement that they have to even do anything. There's no like log book, like okay, I did this, just having them be in that space for 30 minutes a day or let's see even just say 30 minutes, five times a week, make it a little bit more realistic. I can almost guarantee that you will see a noticeable bump in a couple of different fitness metrics of those guys because if they're in the gym, odds are they're probably gonna work out, you know. And not even the most crazy Eric Boogan-Hagen like zurture deadlift 405 or like just being in the gym and doing a couple sets of everything. You just bounce around, like you don't have to know what the hell you're doing. Like do a couple sets of curls, do a couple sets of pull-downs, do some like extension stuff, like going from zero to even just come into the gym and bounce around on a couple of machines consistently. That is a massive difference. So I think it really sucks how much of a like elitist view that real gym rats kind of have about the gym and maybe they don't, but I'm just seeing like there's kind of a like an air to the gym ones like okay, I wanna know what I'm doing before I come in here like, I don't want people to think I don't know what I'm doing. Where I mean it's just not the case, you know. I mean, yeah, if you see the clips of like planet fitness fails where like some guy is holding on to both cables with the full stack jumping around like spider-man. Yeah, I mean he deserves to get clowned on. But for anybody who's just doing regular stuff like as long as you don't do anything they're greasively weird, nobody is even gonna think that. You know, we all know what I said if dumbbell curls should basically look like or what I said it push down should basically look like. I mean, just pull up a damn athlete and then you can actually work out the tutorial video, watch him do it and then do the same stuff. Like that's really all it takes. So I'm not really, I might not be hitting my intended demographic here because if you're watching this you probably already lift. But what I'm trying to get at is like, if you know anybody who's a little on the fence just because they don't feel like they know exactly what they're doing or like, oh, I don't think too. Just bring them a lot, you know. Any gym rat worth his salt is been lifted for a while has indoctrinated a couple dudes into the gym over the course of time. I mean, I've had a group in high school where it's like six of us. And I always the main gym rat guy. We bring them all in, I wrote out like a full workout routine, like just basic stuff, like two sets of pull down, two sets of rows, two sets of pullovers, like we walk through everything, you know, like it's not, it's not the craziest thing in the world. But it's a pretty awesome example of you're going to suffer more in your mind than your well in reality. Where it's like if you make the gym out to be this intimidating space and look all of me, I don't know if I want to be this. Then you're already putting yourself in this state of like anxiety that you're not even going to want to go. And I can't stress it enough. Like this is my last point of saying this. But just showing up consistently, 70% even might be a little bit too low of percentage. Like compared to the populist that's out there, the amount of people that even go to the gym consistently, like let's say five times a week. What do you think? 5%. Maybe even like 3% of people are going to go to the gym five times a week consistently. So if that's the bar, then for you to even show up and come to the gym on the regular, you just whoops 97% of people. You're now in the 97% time and then take it as step further. Get some freaking metallic up plan, get some through the fires and the flame going in your head phones, get extra amps up and then when you go to the gym consistently, you also kill it consistently and you try to not redline your effort but at least you know know that you're pushing yourself. Dude, I'd say you're easily in the 99%ile there. And then there's nothing that there's nowhere else to go. It just becomes a waiting game. And that's my favorite part about the gym is the fact that once you get a routine in place, like once you're working out in the regular, you're tracking your mac rows, let's say you even go extra crazy, you start doing your cardio consistently as well. Even just 30 minutes post workout every couple of days. Like that same thing with the lifting, even just adding that is going to be a huge jump from zero. But if you can start doing that, then it's no longer a question of, okay, am I going to be able to achieve my goals? Like, is this even possible? Like, it's not an if. It's simply a win because it doesn't take that much to make fitness goals. All right, train, eat a reasonable diet, sleep. And then the fourth step is kind of not even really a step. It's just repeat that loop. indefinitely. So, not the most complicated shit. Now, it's not the easiest. I would never say that. But it's not the most complicated. So all that's to say is I hope that the gyms don't start to dwindle in terms of their new spike in populists. Because honestly, if everybody that got a gym membership this year stayed in the gym the whole year, I mean, that would really just be a just a massive boost, fitness wise, because then more gyms are going to need to get more equipment and then they're going to need to expand. And then there's going to be a newer space and machines and stuff. It's like the more people in the gym that better because that would that would hypothetically sort of induce this upward spiral of gyms getting, well, just getting more membership fees and then getting more stuff. It's just kind of just sort of a loop like that. But that's where it's out of my hands. And it never wasn't my hands to begin, but it's not my fitness journey. It's yours. So, do you want to be able to look back over the next six months and think, oh yeah, 2025 was my year and not even in like a cringe. Like, I'm going to lock in this year kind of TikTok kind of way. Like, you actually made this shit happen. And that is much better than the alternative in my mind. So, get to the point where you lock in in isn't even a question. It's simply your natural state of being. But for my first step of this new year's Eve Day, I've gotten an hour of cardio. So, I think I'll probably do 30 minutes on a seated elliptical and then maybe 30 minutes on the seated bike. After we're just to change it up and then I've got 15 minutes in the sauna. Depending on how hot it is. Sometimes they, like, you can, so the sauna is just sort of this, it's got a temperature pro in the wall. So, some guys when they're really serious, they go up and they splash the temperature pro with water to cool it down so that the sauna starts pumping out more heat. So, if it's really hot, like an oven, I'll just do 10 minutes. But if it's normal temperature, like it is, I think like once 60 or once 70 or something, then I can handle a full 15 minutes. But after that, as long as the yoga room is open, we can cut two little postcardia posts on a post down, see how I'm looking a little extra. We're not really pumped, but I'm really flat either. Well, I guess just in my postcardia state. But either way, I'm going to start watching the Squid Game 2 or episode 2 of Squid Game 2. And then I will, I'll see you after cardio. All right, so, I was feeling reasonablyamped up and I still am. And I'm on my mind, I'm like, all right, let's go crazy. Let's get the 150s. 150s are not happy. As soon as they picked up the 65s, they felt like the hundreds. So, I did a warm upset of the 65s, then the hundreds, which is about like one plate jump, and then a feeler wrapper two of 130, 130s. So, let's just go nuts with that. Ariel will be my song of choice. Okay. Whoa. Why is he more? Oh My Oh, oh, oh, one more. It at one thirty the sweets buy. Any more, it probably be the danger zone I freaking hurt myself. This would be the last one and then I'll move on to something else. Oh, oh. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I am okay. Holy crap. Oh. Okay. Let's go to your sub-pack deck. Oh, my gosh. Let's get a straight classic set of Pectex. The first few reps on a throne. Hold in the top, go slow. But as I get more and more fatigued, these last few will just be fucking brutal. Okay. Oh. No, man. Dude. Oh, okay. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Oh, my gosh. Okay. One more. That's a really good Pectex. I'm getting very minimal front belt activation. Which is the problem. I'm gonna work on it. Let's make these sub-temporary reps for the first portion. Yeah. Okay. Oh, my gosh. All right. Let's do something cable-related. Okay. Really good, though. This is a pretty damn good five-open-age sets. Let's do some kind of pump style work bent over cable-flames. Now these are going to be very different than those Pectex-wise work. If I'm not going to sit here and have like a really controlled one second hole at the bottom, probably do a pause rep. But what I do want to make sure is that at the bottom of every rep, especially when I'm strong, I feel like an extra momentary place. And not just like straightening my leg out all the way, I'm like an extension. I mean, getting to that max range of motion and then getting like a little extra of, you have a promise, it can change the way your sets feel. But once you get this one out of the side, I'd have to go back to finishing off chest. No. No. No. No. Oh my god. Let's do that in reverse for the next 10 seconds. That's a bent fly set. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Okay. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No, no. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. sets a hard dumbbell press, two sets of pectx, and then two or three sets of cable work. I can't remember. But either way, all of that cumulatively added up, it's a pretty damn freaking S chess bump. Let me get it. Let me get it. Let me make sure I'm still unfocused here. There we go. Well, you just hold that shout, give me a little light head. Oh my goodness. Oh, crap. All right. Well, now we've got that a highly successful chess day. If anything, and it's insanely successful, chess day. And now, my year is over. There's no more lift. The time has run out. The amount of same in 2024, at least in a working out contest, it's complete. And this is the freaking result. And frankly, I am not disappointed. I actually just ordered like a one-page year-long calendar, then I'm going to put up my wall, because I want to be able to write like a basically just a big green checkmark across every day that a good lift gets done. And then by the end of the year, I'm going to have a big ask fucking green page of checks. I wish I would have done that this year. But what are you going to do? It's starting past. And that's a pretty reasonable approach to everything time-wise, because it's like, it's not even due by the time it's already passed. But, yeah, it's so much time ahead of you. You may as well get a jump start on it now, right? Are you going to feel better if you finish your essay a week before it's due? Or if you got a clam, the night before it's due, many are going to be. And if we both are going to answer that. But, let's get that out of here. It's 2024. That's a wrap. All right. And that's it. There's no one on doing it. The cards have been played. What's another kind of phrase for that sort of thing? Well, either, oh, cards are down. I think that's a better way to put it. BAM, man, that's it. So look back, do a little self analytics. How many times did you plan on working out? Like, let's say you have a five-day week routine, a four-day week routine, whatever. How many days did you stick with that versus how many didn't? Or how many did you not? And, you know, though potentially unfortunate, and for some very fortunate, there's a pretty direct correlation between that percentage and your gains, or your progress, right? Be it fat loss, muscle gain, strength gain, just building up more endurance. You want to be a little bit more athletic. Generally fit from just like coming to the gym, doing regular full body workouts, like whatever that goal may be. The amount of hours that you have clocked will be pretty well represented in the results that you get at the end, you know? And don't forget, you're kind of always on the fucking clock or the freaking clock's out of that thing. Where whether or not you actually kill it or you just hang out and play four night after or whatever you gotta do during the day, even though it might not feel that important because like that's your free time and who cares, you know, nobody's telling you that's to do it. Later on down the line, if you ever feel like you're not exactly where you wanna be, and of course, if I'm talking about it, it's gonna be gains-wise, and then, guess what? And there's probably a reason for that. And it's because if you look back at your time sheet, you know? There's a few discrepancies. The amount of time actually lifting going nuts, a little bit of a deficit and the amount of time on Discord, maybe a little bit of a surplus, you know? And I'm not saying you can't mix it, too, of course. I was just playing some Fortnite last night with Mark, but there is such a thing as moderation, you know, I'm saying. So, all that's to say is, you'll get out what you put it. And I say this a lot about the work now and why I really like it is because that's pretty much just a true statement, you know? I don't wanna just keep repeating myself, but I'll say it just for, you know, explanation sick. Let's say you took a guy and you made him go to the gym every day for a whole year. And you made him work out reasonably hard, like he just did some basic lifts. He'd do a push day or a leg day or a back day, tell me, he might even skip a leg day ever, so off, right, raw human. But whatever, do you think he's gonna be more jacked? At the end of that year, we're less jacked. Probably more jacked. It's as simple as that, you know? If you clock hours in the gym, then it will start to result in gains. And the cool part is, for the uncool part of that is, I think that the gym gets like a weird wrap. I really don't like to see it, where people really dive into the negative side of things where it's like using the gym as an outlet for just basically only negative emotions. Like, I really do not love to see it at TikTok and it's where it's guys basically saying, like, I hate myself unless I train a failure. Like, I don't piece of shit unless I push myself to my extreme limit. Like, I really don't like that mentality. It kind of, it just turns me off. It doesn't get me going. Like, I wanna get excited about training because I like the process of pushing myself and the results that come afterward are pretty dang cool too. So in the beginning, everybody's got a chip on their shoulder about working out, depending on what your story may have been. Like, there's a couple of classic tropes. A girlfriend broke up with you for the football guy. That's becoming a little less prevalent now, I think. I don't think that's probably more of like a 90s story. Like any of my slightly older demographic can might be able to relate to that a little more. Or it's like, maybe you're a little tubier when you're younger, you wanna start getting jacks and really kinda undo that from whatever. Like, it's all sick, but eventually, I would hope that you start to realize like, oh, it's working out, it's just cool. Push on myself hard at this, this is just cool. And I get to be in shape. Like, I get to work on getting myself into reasonably solid shape. Nice. I'm taking this to a totally unnecessary degree. Like, I'm pushing it this far just because this is like my thing and it's like a vector of progress that I really wanna pursue in my free time. I don't know my free time, just in my time. So it's like if somebody is a fucking, or a freaking guitarist, they'll play a guitar, they'll look in good at guitar, they'll like have fun with it. That's what they do, right? Usually lifting and that thing that you'd spend your days doing aren't the same for me that definitely are. So that's why I'm taking it so far. But even just coming to the gym reasonably frequently and getting into better shape, like I can't emphasize the value of that enough. And I'm looking at it from a third person perspective. Like, I'm not the guy to come to if you want some motivation on like a real serious fat loss of journey. That's just not the life I've lived. But I do get to see the upside of being at a reasonable like BMI, or body fat percentage. Like I'm not trying to dog anybody, but if I had to carry around an extra 50 pound backpack at all times, that would kind of suck, that's just kind of hindered. So if your thing is like this year, I wanna make it happen, I wanna get some cardio hours, clock, I wanna start tracking my calories. I wanna get under 200 pounds, or I wanna break two ten, or whatever your goal might be. That is a solid ass thing to achieve. Now all you gotta do is just not get discouraged by the fact that it's gonna take them a while. But all that's to say is, I've never seen anyone, and I really couldn't imagine anybody. Where after they get themselves into solid shape, that they decide to completely flip it around, it's a ass, ruin them, done with this. And even if sometimes life gets in the way, it's like the classic real job, kids, I would certainly imagine that it's gonna get pretty tricky to balance things out with. Like it's not a, I'm still kind of a young buck there, so I'm pretty spoiled. But everybody's got that niche. Like once you get indoctrinated into the gym, then that fire's always gonna be in the back of your mind at all times where it's like, oh yeah, that better lock it back in. And if you've been jacked before, like you've been a reasonable shape back in your oncology, or whatever, like mid 20s or something, and then you've got it kind of got an out of it, and every of the gym is often, I guess what? You still have residual gains from when you worked out in your younger, kind of basically lying dormant, because after you gained a certain amount of muscle, you did not completely just shrink that all away and act your feedback to a regular dude, right? Let's say you were, you know, my, what's the reason we lean football build? Offensive Lyman? Definitely not a defensive Lyman, whatever. You'd have called us sports, you were yoked, and then you kind of backed off, and you never really knew we were gonna add as much. Guess what? You've still got those myonuclei little extra muscle fibers, because not only when you work out and do the muscle fibers that you have get bigger and just physically larger and more inflated, like, sarcoplasm and muscle glycogen, and all sorts of fancy dance stuff. But you actually start to build more of these little fibers, right? So somebody that's worked out for a long time and got reasonably developed and muscularly, even if they shrink down over time, they still built up all those new fibers. So getting back into it, you've already got a head start. So to re-gain your gains is much easier than to have gained them in the first place. But same thing, you know, with any new introduction of like a training routine, it does take a little while to get into. And all I can really say there is, try to fight for that adaptation. I get so much flack for talking about the, well, actually, I don't get that much flack, but I'll get a lot of sort of, there's no way you could possibly train every day of every week and make results. There's no way you could possibly do that. And I think you're definitely not wrong in the sense that rest days are probably reasonably beneficial. Like, I'm just an unnotcase about it. I just love to lift so I wanna do it every day. And even as a beginner, I've kind of been on like a daily training split forever. But keep in mind that when I started working out, I had just quit doing like men's gymnastics swing around the bars and stuff. So I was kind of already primed for pretty high intensity daily activities. Because that was like a six day week thing for like three hours straight. So it wasn't too hard for me to add like daily workouts. But no matter what kind of routine you get yourself into, your body is not as weak as these guys say that it is. Like when anybody talks about overtraining or whatever, it's like, oh, you shouldn't push yourself that hard. I mean, that really just, oh, you're pushing me away man. Because there is no way that your body would have like a certain hard limit of effort. Where it's like, oh, you actually did that two hard. Now you're not gonna make any gains. It's like, no, you can under recover that 100% is for sure. You're not even enough food. You're not getting enough water. You're not getting enough sleep. You can definitely under recover and build fatigue. But if you're doing like an hour workout on the daily hour and a half workout and you eat enough protein and go to sleep, I think you're gonna be able to come back the next day. But again, it is an adaptation. I remember I had Mark coming to the gym when I was like 16 or so, he was 14 or whatever. And I had him do my 25 set chest day where it was like five moves, five sets of bench, five sets of incline bench, five sets of dumbbell bench, five sets of, like just all sort. Basically 25 total working sets for chest. Way too much, I did not understand the value of like, denser work. I should have, I wish I would have watched some more bike events or one of the younger. But like that first time that I brought him in there, I freaking killed him man. Because he hadn't worked that before and I had him do way too much volume. But after a little while, he got into it and then he was doing the same workout today I was doing. So there is most certainly room to try to sort of pinpoint a specific scientifically supported whatever optimal routine. But the efforts got to come first. So that's, then I'm getting it all sorts of a crazy ram on here. I've just gone down different grabables, I'm getting a little off track. But all I have to say is coming in next year as long as you've got some time to make it happen. If you spend it working out, I can promise that you won't regret it. Now you might feel a little tired in the moment, especially on a leg day when you didn't get enough sleep and my feel a little tired. I mean, I've been there before. I've had some lifts where I was like, God sucks. And usually that's only when I let my recovery falter or I was just being stupid like stand ups and I actually I can't remember the last time I had a lift that felt like that. But I'd stiffly happen. So even though sometimes in my feel like you do that aggrind and the long run, you're only gonna look back out of the thing, why didn't I start doing this sooner? Why didn't I start doing this freaking sooner? So it's like the classic phrase, the best time to have planted a tree was 200, freaking years ago. But the second best time is right this very moment. So that's where I would, if you're looking into getting some kind of membership, you don't have one yet, maybe you've just been kind of, co-tailing when you're friends, memberships, fineage in, let's get 24 hour access. Because if you do, then that's just one more barrier to entry of getting your daily work at it that is now off the table. Because I know so many guys where it's very easy for them to say, oh, do the gym to the close at nine, man, it's already 7.45. Now, now it's just where, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, not freaking cool, right? So if you can start to hold yourself to a standard like that before you know it, you won't have to hold yourself to that standard. That's just what you're gonna be used to. It's like that frog in the pot of boiling water. If you increase the temperature slowly, it's not gonna jump out. There's the dude who's like, you know, get used to it. He might be thinking, man, it's gonna warm here, but he's still gonna keep going. And that might not be the best analogy because the frog gets oiled low-eye at the end of it. But you get what I'm saying. So all that's to say is if I have any specific statements or phrases or mantras going in the next year, or I guess for you, not since this video has been posted, this year, I'd say, kill it consistently. Actually, that's pretty much it. If you kill it consistently, then after not that long, you will start to notice that you have been. And I'm gonna talk in just like, subjective like, oh, I feel pretty good too. I'm talking physical friggin results. But that's as much as I can say. As much as I can talk about how cool the gym is and like, I love getting the pump. That's just my experience. You gotta get after it and make that shit happen yourself. So hopefully we see some more freaks pop out of the woodworks coming into this 2025. So I'm gonna pull out of this exit and not crash and then go home eat something. And then I've gotten 30 minutes to cardio. Still. Ugh. I'm gonna stop in my parents house for just a little new year's hangin'. And then go home, stop to the apartment gym, bus to have 30 minutes on the C-debike. Have a shower because I'm sure I stink. And then start this next year off with a good night's rest. I'll probably even have a dream about the back day that I'm gonna have tomorrow. So I think that's all I got. Now, if you can see in next year.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 87 - Back [qd-CUwyXab8].txt ===

Alright, day two, day two of the year, 50% I don't know what I'm talking about, not 50%. Barely even, barely even 0.1%, but whatever. I saw some new faces. I saw a couple of new faces when I was doing cardio this morning. I guess I'll just have to see which ones end up sticking around or not. And if you've got your eyes open, you know, if you keep a lookout, you should start to notice who's actually getting after it. And I don't mean like on a day by day basis. Obviously, I guess I do. You can tell if somebody's trying to kill it. But just over time too, I mean, I've seen dudes where, you know, the course of a few years, the term unrecognizable does not feel at a place to describe how the sort of transformation has gone. So I mean, pretty drastic things can be done. You know, just takes a long time to do. Right? But we'll see, I would love to have access to all of the gyms, like YMCA's and plan of fitness is in any times, like actual analytics. It just says, really, you see what happens during this time of year. Because we all get the gist, you know, there's more people. New years resolution or type characters. Or, you know, just anybody where New years happen to be the time that they got their membership. But it would really be interesting if they would actually release that info of, like, how many new memberships were paid for versus not used. And then like, what percentage of dudes actually basically just show about a nowhere and say, alright, I'm gonna make this happen. What percentage of guys actually make it happen after they say, like, alright, 25. New year, New mean, for real. Zero irony, pure iron. It's got to be low. It's got it sucks that it's low, but I would probably wage your view would be a little bit on the lower end. But it's, I mean, the hype will die down. So just keep an eye out. I'm sure you'll see some new regulars. But I don't want to, I don't want to make every drive just talking about new years resolutions. So I'll try to make this my last time talking about it. We get a dollar or all our regular sort of topics. But, you know, I'll tell you now. And this will be, maybe I'll save this clip on my, on my desktop to look at later. It's like, the year has just begun. What do you want to set out to do? And then hopefully this is, I'll find this clip later. All right, a full year has passed, man. What happened? We haven't been to show for it. I would hope so, but it's not, not my, not my split, not my workouts. Right, not my circus, not my monkeys there. That's, that's up for you. That's up to you to get sort of. But for me, I am much more concerned if we can make sure that I have a free lead back day today at a certain purple and yellow gym. Followed by some pretty lengthy cardio. And, yeah, post-workout cardio is going to be a little extra lengthy tonight too. I got to start getting real here. So after back, I'll do a 30 minutes on a seated bike, followed by 30 minutes on the treadmill, which is not that crazy. You know, mild incline just to get a little bit of extra umph, but walking into the treadmill for 30 minutes at three miles an hour. I tell you, in my own half, it's really not that strenuous. The bike can actually get kind of tricky because you're really peddling like, I'll be sweating pretty hard. I almost use the cardio on the treadmill as like an extension of my elevated heart rate. But without thrashing my quads into oblivion. Because an hour on the seated bike, if you're peddling pretty hard, I'll feel it. Like, I will definitely feel some fatigue building up. But the treadmill, not so much. And then, obviously the treadmill goes by so much faster. Anytime I'm watching a show, I'm saving squid game season two exclusively for only what I'm doing cardio. But, you know, now that I'm doing more than a freaking hour a day, I feel like I'm just watching the show in my regular pace. But, you know, if you can try to distract yourself in the fact that you're doing it, it does make it a lot easier. And then, one more little cardio tip before getting into it. The back day is going to look like, cover it up the time. Do not watch the clock in it. If I'm sitting on the seat of a bike and I'm peddling, and I'm starting to feel a little bit uncomfortable, like okay, I'm puffing the puffing. You really think it's going to do me in a good look at the clock and say, oh, I've only been doing this for 45 seconds. Huh. Yeah. Not really. You know, so I always cover up the timer with a towel, or I get a clipboard or like fold up some paper towels or something. Just so that I don't have to look at it. Because it kind of, if you can get into a little bit of a, not a meditative state, I would not call me getting, you know, 50% of the way to crashing out a clash royale after I get to, you know, my skeleton already logged. I would not call that a meditative state, but you're certainly in a state where time starts to pass a little bit more quickly. So, I like to say there is being not look at the timer before you know it. Oh, 30 minutes. What'd be? Very nice. But so for the actual back portion of the lift, just pull down, rows and pullovers, man. And then probably a combination of a pull down in a row or a pullover in a row, as like the finisher kind of a superset just a really kind of pump up my entire back lats to traps. Or I guess traps to, you know, traps to lats. And then, ever post that, the stakes are kind of low with the train right now. The normal main would force go hard, get a pump. You know, I'm not really crazy concerned with any progressive overload. I don't need to get any, not only doing that knee, but I'm not getting any bigger and stronger right now. All I'm doing in this dining phase is maintaining the muscle that I've already built. And what is all I really need to do in the gym. Get a pump, make sure you go hard and do my cardio. So the cardio is obviously probably the more. Well, not important, but the part of the training is actually a little bit trickier for me. Because I love getting the first, getting the freaking back pump. But, you know, adding 60 minutes of LIS, S-Lone intensity, steady state cardio. That's, that's a little bit trickier. And I don't think I'm alone in that boat. But, if you're looking into some sort of way to differentiate yourself from the rest of the lifters in your local area. Consistent cardio is a pretty reasonable way to do it. Nobody wants to. It's hard. It takes time. It's not very exciting or fun. And there's no immediate reward. It's a long-term type situation. So, if you can do what nobody else does, you probably get some results and nobody else is going to get. That's a pretty good way to think about anything. But, I think no more jetting. I'm getting reasonably amped up and excited for back. So, let's just hope it's not too busy and get this lift started. So, I've kind of developed a habit of basically just doing a lot of regular, straight bar pull downs and like, single arm cable rows to start my back days off. And not that I think there's anything wrong with that. But, I kind of want to break the pattern. So, let's start with this machine, underhand pull down. First of all, it's not the full stack, but just enough weight where I can really get a good squeeze at the bottom. Because that's one thing that's machine is good for. It's not just the movement path. It's a good hold at the bottom and really feeling like my lats right within, and it's all the way down, like right above my hips. I feel like you're right here to pull down. I kind of feel like more so in my lats like up here, where is this is way down there. Okay. Oh, goodness. Whoops. Two of these being good starter. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, goodness. I think let's move on to the low row. Right next me. No need to move too far. These reps will look very different, a little bit more rapid, but I still want to call this Sling it around just a bit of faster pace set. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One more. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. They're a superset. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 88 - Arms [VuTVLxfQU-4].txt ===

The time currently 1737, just about desk, and I have one thing on my agenda. I actually have a couple, but for statements, I think let's just say I have one thing, and that is to go nuts. Nutton triceps, nuts on biceps, a little bit nuts on shoulders, and I'm not even lying this time. I am actually going to do some side-delt stuff, plus nuts on cardio afterward. The cardio's getting serious. If you want to stay reasonably updated on my cardio schedule, every time I finish some of it, I ended up just spamming it in my Instagram story. So I think my right now it's like, bike, treadmill, 12 hours later, bike, treadmill, 12 hours later, bike, treadmill, bike, just camping out. And I hate to say it, but I think at this point, I've done more cardio in the last few weeks than probably a certain percentage of lifters have done in the last three years, which is not a situation I want to be true. Frankly, I think everybody should be clocking in way more hours of cardio than they are now, but what do you do? Whoa, it's getting crazy, huh? But either way, you do have to somehow fit it into your schedule, and get into the hour to our range of cardio per day. That's definitely its own. That's not just general fitness. But what I would recommend, 30 minutes, a couple of times a week. And I'm just getting into it. And if you can find like a Facebook marketplace, treadmill, or a seated bike, or something, and then keep that like in the garage and the basement, that is really the best bet. Because they don't have to drive to the gym and make a whole trip out of it. So if you don't want to do that, then cardio, post workout, 30 minutes. I mean, usually I wouldn't recommend cardio, post workout, especially not on a leg. If I just thrashed my legs, I think sitting and peddling for 30 minutes and really burning them out isn't going to do me much good. I'd probably want to at least wait a few hours before doing that. But your best bet cardio on its own separate occasion hours before the lift, second best bet post workout is cool too. It doesn't, some guys talk about the cardio timing is if doing post workout cardio will immediately kill your gains and your whole workout was worthless. It's not that serious. But as long as you're getting it in somehow, I think you're giving yourself a bit of a competitive edge compared to anybody who doesn't. In terms of tonight's lift, I'm not exactly sure how it's going to be oriented. I know there's going to be some machine dips involved. There will definitely be some rope extension and some overhead extension involved. And then biceps will just be whatever curls kind of, you know, take off my fancy for the most part because my biceps do not feel particularly picky like with chest. I guess maybe am I really that picky with machines in general? Well, with biceps, if you put me on any curl machine, like if you said Sam, or you get a lift at a hotel gym for arms tonight, there's no dumbbells. There's only this machine preacher. There's only this like seated curl or held there's only dumbbells that all you get to do is dumbbell curls. That is pretty much totally cool with me because I mean all your biceps is doing is going from here to here. So as long as you really push it, I think you're cool. There's not a need to really freak out of that, make sure you do 10 different movements, some focusing on the stretch, some folks can always squeeze. Like obviously I think there's value to that. That's too much of one thing is usually kind of going to stray you from the path of just basic gains. Like, don't forget the hierarchy of importance of your training, I would say intensity and consistency are like S tier, versatility or it's the kind of variability like making sure you do different sets. That's more like A tier. Like it's up there. So I would never recommend someone only do dumbbell curls for the rest of their life. But if all that guy did was dumbbell curls and he went crazy every set, he's still going to make bicep gains. So what I'm more concerned with in terms of like my exercise selection is okay. How can I hit whatever muscle group I'm hitting? And how can I hit it? I mean how many different ways and how many different movement styles are there for this particular muscle group? Because with something like chest, there's a few different movements. We know this pressing and fly-based work. Now there's a little bit of a combination where you have like converging pressing where it's kind of a half fly, half press. But for the most part you press stuff and you do some stretch focus flies. With triceps you get dips, machine or body weight personally, I'm a little bit too tight. I think for body weight the machine's feel much better. I don't get any chest involved and everything. There's regular push-downs and then there's overhead extensions of all sorts of rides. Like skilled crushers, overhead cable, there are some really fancy overhead triceps machines. Though there are a bit rare to come by unfortunately not as popular as like leg extensions and leg curls or whatever. But those are the big three for triceps. I know that if I hit my triceps and check off all three boxes, push down, dip overhead extension because I basically get my triceps works in all of the major ways that I can. And then at the end of it I can tell I'm fully pumped. I had a good workout. Then I'm golden, right? The important part isn't making sure that every specific workout hits every specific different time of everything. It's like, you know, hit it over the course of time. I don't want to do one tricep workout forever. I want to keep changing it up day by day. Even just based on how I feel on a day by day basis. But I'm much more concerned with making sure my effort is there. A well-written workout, executed poorly, will never even come close to comparing to a simple workout executed with, well, let's just say, tightest. Level engagement or intensity. Is it tightest? Tactics. I don't know, I keep seeing all the warhammer edits so I can make it kind of excited. But I'm not really, I don't really play games like that. It's almost like I just want to watch, like I want to see a warhammer movie. Like, I really well done, like CGI, everything. I don't know, I don't really play story games like that. It just doesn't get me going. I'm going to be the way within, including the drive about an hour and 20 minutes. I can pretty much guarantee I'm going to have a freaky arm pump. And then I'll be ready to slam a ton of water either of the water found or just get a jug in the bedding machine. I forgot to bring one. And then get ready for a... Oh, no, crap. I was about to say, get ready for an episode of Squid Game to watch during my cardio. I actually stayed up kind of late last night and I watched an extra two episodes. I should have just watched TikTok Reels or something because now I don't have a show. I guess I'll watch some suits. But anyway, that's a me problem. How about we, how about we stop talking, go get this lift started? All right, so I've got a plan. And what that plan is is as many back and forth as necessary to reach a state of being fully pumped of a tricep movement supersetted with biceps. So I've got a history of starting with squeezing stuff. Be it single on push downs, rope extensions with a good hold at the bottom. And then with curls. Well, I'll start with some regular dumbbell curls too. But I feel like I've kind of been starting with lighter squeezing sets in the last few arm days for curls also. So let's flip it around. Just start with some nasty reasonably weighted sets. Kind of quicker pace, no need for like a full one second hold at the bottom and a super slow eccentric. I'll save those sets for a little bit later. But let's get this started here. From here on. That one. That one. Mm. Yeah. Mmmm. Oh my gosh. Let's see one more just like that. Let's see the three or move on to a new pair of movements. It's all the way down. your All right, let's pick it in your pack. Let's pick a new pair. Whoo! Let's see some overhead rope extension jump over to the other side. I'm just a heavy, he's a bar curl. Came on me. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Oh. Okay. Let's go to the light for the next one. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Yeah. Okay Mhm Hey Nice As you never hear Oh, okay. All right. Time to dance. Oh, yeah. Oh. There we go. All right. So arms are freaking complete. They feel, they feel freaking nuts. Now the discrepancy, the torn, the torn between the subjective value of the pump right now, and the subjective value of like, how energized I feel. Very much in this direction. All right. Like, I, yeah, I'm definitely getting a bit of a relief wave that the lift is over. Not in the sense that I'm like, oh, so don't work it out. But I'm definitely feeling some of the additional fatigue of dieting. And I'm used to being in more of, you know, bulked 800 grams of carbs intake per day. So this is definitely a little bit different than my normal sort of sensation. But I still feel pretty freaking freaky. Yeah, even just really shit. Even just after one set of lateral raises, and I've already got a very bold, shoulder pump. There's a reason I'm not doing a lot of shoulders right now. And so you think for the back. Actually, let's lose the tank. But the hell am I doing? Oh, give me some. Oh, is it just me? But I feel like my last spread is better without a back pump. Is I can really open up more? Because when I pumped up, it's like, you know, yeah, my lats are extra like full and inflated. But I don't get that same like opening up because they're so tense. But holy crap, I got to do one more. There's a little Christmas tree flexus. Oh, my gosh. Oh, all right. Oh, I'm so happy. Oh, I'm so happy. Oh, I'm so happy. Oh, all right. Let's get a most muscular in it. Get ready for some more cardio. The, I think this alternating style of tries and by work for these upcoming arm days is going to have to be the way to go about it for two reasons. One, it's a little bit of a quicker lift. I can be a bit denser with my workload. And it doesn't feel so much like a marathon, which I'm doing enough freaking cardio as it is. I don't need these workouts to really extend beyond, you know, the 45 minute rain. And also, my arms are just way more pumped for the post down. When I do tries back and forth with bice because right now, this pump is already fleeting. Like, why aren't there already probably beginning to shrink down just to touch and lose some of the blood that I just works are hard to put into them. Because I'm running low like for me, 150 grams of carbs and below per day. That's not complaining. But that definitely feels as though it's on the low end. But that's kind of the whole point of this portion of my training. So it's just, it's just the nature of it. But awesome arm day with a tiny little hint of shoulders. I got an hour cardio, but for you, you need to jump straight into the car and jealous. There's this, there's a, there's a third gen. There is a certain catharsis to sitting in a warm car, scrolling Instagram after a good workout with some cardio at the kick of it. Usually I would say after a leg day because that's where I'm really kind of feeling the tiredness of a lift. But no, I get that every lift. Okay. Because it's finished with some cardio. So plan now is go home, get ready for a nice big bowl of ground turkey with sugar-free ketchup, as well as all my multivitemins and nice cinnumide and any scene, everything else. And then go to sleep early. It's 8.48. So I've been kind of sitting in my phone for a little while. And I bet eventually I'm just going to fall in this fall in the car, fall asleep in the car after a lift. I've never done it before. But depending on the intensity of this deficit, I would not be surprised if after like, you know, a tricky back there, some kind of heavier whatever, weren't really feeling the low carb effect, plus the fatigue from the extra cardio that I get nice and bundled up, heat to the max, see heater going crazy, plus a little bit of a phone stimulus. I get his pass out right there. Though, I guess we'll just have to see. Until then, I'm kind of getting excited to, I'm getting excited to have a hot shower. Because I just generally feel colder now. Like, when I'm full of food in a crazy amount, it's to the point where I'm just kind of not constantly sweating, but like, peak bulk just walking around and like, even just standing up for a while, I'll get some drips down my back. Not so much now, not so much, because in the deficit, I mean, it's, I'm getting chipper down. Like, especially in the morning, getting up to the cardio, like I'm wearing two pairs of sweatpants, plus a sweater, just because the car is freaking freezing. And it takes, well, it doesn't take a while to warm up, because it doesn't get warm, because all I do is ride it over to the apartment gym. But, yeah, so. Other than that, I'm pretty much, well, it'll still be a little while, but my current challenge is breaking into the 220s in terms of my morning empty stomach fast at weight. Getting past the 230 mark is proving to be trickier than expected, but definitely not impossible. So, as soon as I break into the 229.9s, you will know it, you will freaking hear that. And that's pretty much close to my end goal, lemme. Like, for my height, I've got to be able to check in at 217 pounds, so I'm bacon on being 27, just walking around a lean, empty stomach, and then having a 10 pound water depletion over the 3-year or 2-year 3 days pre-show. Which 10 pounds of water for my size, not that crazy. I mean, if I ever have a day where I don't drink enough water or, like any time we travel anywhere, and we're walking around air-porth and stuff, like I just lose five pounds like that, just from the extra dehydration and stuff like that. So, I don't think that's too unfeasible. So, now, I kind of feel like I'm just really waiting for time to pass. Because if I'm not, if I'm not like on my desk, think I'm with something, or like mess with the camera stuff, or the videos, or going down like a YouTube rabbit hole. Because if I'm just sitting board or whatever, the urge to grub, it's getting strong. Like this is definitely not a passive state of dieting that a man is getting, especially now, I mean, if I actually want to hit the goals that I want to reach, like there's no room for fumble, so really what I'm trying to do is just make sure that I'm occupied with something. All right, ooh, I had almost all times just so that I, you know, I just got my mind on something. Because I don't hands or the stomachs play thing. Because if you're not really doing anything, you're just kind of walking around, no. I wonder what's in the pantry. Ooh, I would mind it got my hand full of cheeses. I wouldn't mind if you'd go fish. Peanut butter crackers? Don't mind if I do. And then before you know it, you just have next to 1000 calories of snacks, which you probably did not even really want to eat. But just because you weren't thinking about it, you were kind of walking around mindlessly. It's like, you caught yourself in the act. And that's where it's, like, as much benefit as there is to really just make sure you're killing it on the regular. I'd say one of the biggest sort of tricks to getting ahead in anything is not putting yourself in a situation where you're behind, right? So who's going to do better? The guy who is like seriously locked in 50% of the time, crazy hardcore dieting. And then the other 40% he has like cheat days. And he like skip the cardio. Or the guy who's like pretty much evenly consistently locked in, not like it in same crazy deficit. Like he's not going crazy. But he's consistent. That consistency is where these results are going to come from. So don't, it's not necessarily how hard of a cardio session can you do today. It's what kind of cardio session can you do consistently over the course of the next three months, or over the course of the next forever. Ideally, because the cardio shouldn't just be a, you know, a one time phase. Hope, hope hypothetically, hopefully that should become kind of just, you know, a new lifestyle, right? But who knows, that seems like a distant future when the majority of people get their 30 minutes of, 30 minutes of cardio-vascular activity per day. But a lift you can dream. So I think, uh, it's pretty much all the rest to say. Freaky arm day. Only more veins and cuts to come. So all I gotta do is make sure I'm nice and well rested. Dr. Maro's leg day, which is probably the lift that I care about being the most well rested for. Out of all the, um, I'll make a course every lift I want to be well rested. But if I'm really kind of feel-and-tired and extra-lethargic on a leg day, that's the trickiest. That is the most, uh, the most gruesome. Oh, it was a hard, but I think I'm just about ready for bed. So a little bit of a quicker post lift update. I will have more to more lifting-based chat to, uh, get into Maro for legs. So I think I'll just see you then.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 89 - Legs [Au-g4Cobo0Q].txt ===

Now it's official. It is a gosh dang winter freaking wonderland. So I can almost guarantee. Well, I don't know, it's not that bad. Honestly, snow in Ohio, people pretty much know what they're doing. They're not just spilling out at the first hint of slickness. But I've definitely gone through some highway interactions where like every mile you'd basically see either one car on its own who just kind of spun out and was off on the side or sometimes even ever seen a real pile up. But it's in will happen. So hopefully the weather does not encumber any of us to the point that transport to the gym becomes impossible. Because that's just a pure shame. So it's I guess that's kind of up to you. Right? It's like, what are you driving skills like? Do you think you're going to be able to make it? Are you rocking something that's four wheel drive? You know, it's like if you're in a damn highlander with some shredded kind of lifted truck style wheels and maybe you're cool. But even just coming out of the park and that earlier sometimes the camera has a tendency to just sort of spin its wheels and not really get anywhere. So I got to be a little conscious about that. But I'm never going to be at a total loss because I got a part of a gym. It's kind of scrappy like it's nothing like a real hard core or whatever. But cables, luggage extension, chest press, leg curl, back machine, everything I could need for just some basic kind of workouts. So that's where having a home gym or at least something like right next to where you live is a total hack because I mean, you never know what happened. But in terms of today's lift with legs, I was actually planning on leaving for the gym a little bit later in the day. But then I'm sitting screw on Instagram and I hear there's a post with, I think it's a two-world collide. I don't know, some kind of some kind of like just hype rocky style song that was getting me excited. So a little bit of an earlier lift than I had it intentionally or I guess originally planned. And I'm good with that. I am good with that. Because the later I left the later I got to have my post workout meal, the hungry I'm going to be right before bed. And then the trick here, it's going to be for me to stick to my calorie deficit. There's one sort of overarching kind of hack trick, whatever that I'm using to make sure I don't go over. And that is basically just saving my eating window for later in the day. Because it's not that hard for me to wait until one o'clock to, you know, basically crack the seal, start eating. Because I already haven't eaten yet. So actually breaking my fast breakfast meal number one, saving it for a little bit later, not that hard. The problem is once I start eating, it's almost like okay now I'm feeling extra hungry, you know. So I got to be a little, not a little, I got to be very mindful about my, um, um, uh, about my meal sizes in my meal timing. So far I've had about 500 something calories. I think about 70 ish of protein, 15 or 18 of fats or so. And then about 35 of carbs. So that's less than, like, one, uh, what's it called? What's like the classic McDonald sandwich, like the big one? Is that less than a big Mac? I feel like a big Mac is like 600 calories. Well, either way, not a lot. That is kind of the whole free-go-poor. So hour of cardio done in the morning, nothing too crazy. Just seated by for 30 minutes and then 30 minutes on the, um, the treadmill. Three miles per hour, three and a half percent in claim. Just as an extension of my elevated heart rate window, which is kind of the whole point of the cardio, if not basically the point. But yeah, so it's been about, yeah, it's been a while. I did that in nine. It's 430. So I'm completely recovered from that cardio. Like I'm not feeling the residual fatigue in my legs from having done that earlier, which means I have no reason to hold back. I'm going as crazy as possible, or at least, you know, for my current state on the hands, add doctors, quote, a catch. And apart from just deficit fatigueness, I haven't drank my pre-work again. I'm saving that for kind of right when I walk in the door, because legs is a bit of a lengthier lift form. So I kind of want to extend the window of my caffeination, or at least delay it until mid-ish lifts, right? Want to get into quads. Because hamstrings, I don't really have a problem with unstimulate. If I just had a hamstring day, I would just do a non-stimpreach, because it's like I don't even, I just don't even need the caffeine form. But with quads, that's where I start to feel. So if I drink the pre as a walk in inner after I park, by the time I've walked in, warmed up, put all my stuff down, got ready, have done a couple of set of hamstrings, and then I will have basically started to get the sort of, what is it, nor up of headtrain, effect of the caffeine, whatever it kind of breaks down into that gives you that sort of energy boosts per se. By the time quads is beginning, that's when it also kind of kick in. And that's something that I think not as many people think about as they should, because it's like, okay, I'm doing chest. I'm watching, or I'm watching a guy do chest or something, you know, just as an example. And I watch him finish, like he just basically drinks his pre, ten minutes before his first working set. Like, or he's drinking it as he's warming up. And then it's like, dude, you only just consume it. Like if there was bait aligning in there, you can't even feel it working, you haven't digested it. It's just sitting in your stomach. It's not even, you know, actually reaching sort of peak, would've be peak blood concentration levels, or like peak nitric oxide, vasodilation, whatever else. Like it takes a little while for that sort of thing to kick in. So if that's one little tip I haven't said for a while, it's been, I'd say aimed for about 30 minutes before the working set that you want to really be in the zone for in terms of the pre-workout time. And use that with an ample amount of water. I mean, I don't usually have like a full liter, which is one scoop. It's, I think that's just about like double the recommended amount of water. Like usually it says eight to ten ounces. I say go up, or at least if you don't want to have like a diluted drink, just drink an extra liter. Because the whole point of your pump, it's not just like magically inflating whatever muscle you're working. Like your 70% freaking water, man. And your pump, I'd say, is even more than 70% water. I'd say it's getting in probably the 85% rate. Just not just pure blood. So if you get a big extra sort of, what you say, just intake of fluids, I can guarantee it will have a positive reaction, or at least a positive effect on how well your lift goes. But either way, I'm going to get in the zone, get rid of the start of this leg day. And hopefully see some new vein striations, cuts and everything else that I have not seen in the lift's prior, which over the course of the next few weeks should begin to get even more and more pronounced, which is basically my primary motivation for making sure I don't just stop a cheat and get two ben and jerrys and just go completely freaking wild. Because that is simply not in line with the goal, so that I want to achieve. And it's easier to set the down for sure, because I've definitely got a bit of a sweet tooth, which is kind of starting to want to act up since I've been depriving it. But I can handle it. I can handle it. In no ways that it can point. So I think that's all I got to say. This is going to get this leg day started. Let's start with just a basic heavy set of double of laying curls. No fancy hold, no fancy tampon or fancy nothing. Just as many reps as I can do at a moderate tempo. But I think after a few sets of this, I'll probably just seal the finish table RDLs and that'll be the end of it. I got one that's lighter, but let's run that back. Probably two more just like that. 170 feels much more doable than 190. One more little lighter, and then let's give it some cable, whatever you want. I might not need two sets already else, and it'll be yeah. It's going to be the happenment and the real portion that lifts starts. I have just been made unfortunately aware that that two free motion arm cable is broken. Somebody snapped the handle off of one side, and it wasn't even me this time. So instead, dumbbell RDLs will suffice. Not every hit come off. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. One more though, as I think will be good. And I am trying my damn to keep my lower back reasonably straight. Like, and I can catch me doing like this. But for what I can tell, a little bit of bend isn't the end of the world, but I guess maybe some fitness advice is sort of my take on the matter. But I am trying to keep it straighter. Because I want to hinge up my hips. Like, I want to feel my hips rotate forward so that my hamstrings get a little bit of an extra stretch. I'm just going to be as good as I can. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. That's enough hamstrings. That's a good one, started. Instead of five and the left five and the right five and the right. Let's just do these first couple. And there's a reason I want to do this side first. This quad is a little bit on the slimmer side than my right one. I think part of it is could just be a muscal insertion muscal muscal muscal muscular insertion type situation, but like my upper corner over here if you can imagine like this chunk of quad is a little slimmer than up here. And it could be to do the fact that I'm like right leg to the basics and all the diving stuff. I was always jumping off over this one, not this one, but. Others say is this one's a little bit behind. Mass works. So I want to hit failure on the left side and then just mash the reps on the right. So if I keep it next to five here, I'm going to call it like 15 15 was failure on this set. And I stand by that pretty strongly about trying to work on any balance. If you're right by step as bigger than the left one. Don't just train the left one extra. Just train the left side first with some isolated side movements and then match reps to the strong side. And if you're really worried about like all my left lad is a little. This stuff is just going to balance out over time. So trying to distress too bad and just keep your intensity up. Alright. Alright. Oh, a few more just like that. Oh, actually go even just in touch heavier. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, okay. One more. The lighter too. Only one thirty instead of one seventy five. Oh. Alright. Now let's do some ligate extensions. I'm going to do some ligate extensions. Now my plan for this too is slow long hold of the squeeze leg extensions double leg. And this is just purely acting as a pre exhaust jump behind me hold out of the machine for support and then do some deep stretch since it's quads. Oh, yeah. One more. Oh my god. Oh. Oh. Okay. Alright. Let's go see her quad and hamstring pop this. Alright. So that makes portion A the main course the lifts complete hamstrings and quads. I'm not done yet. I'm still going to go up there and camp out on the seated calf raise and the ad dr. machine. But that's pretty self-explanatory. I mean, all that is is just freaking pop in a squat and really just kind of doing the sets. Especially the the ad dr machine like it doesn't. I'm not getting myself amped up for a set of ad drs to complete you know, growing obliteration. That's kind of just not the nature of the movement. But I would certainly recommend that you add them to your routine if you're not currently because having a strong set of ad drs this whole inner chunk of everything is going to play into the rest of your lift. Very well. My squats feel much more stable because I'm not so prone to this like lateral side to side like stilliness because my ad drs is strong and I don't pull things as much. You know, so I couldn't recommend it enough sit down heavy. You can go you know, however many sets. I'll probably do like six, but even just standing. Let's see how quads are looking. Okay, this might. Oh, that might be the freakyest that this quad has looked pumped at least in terms of actual like muscular grain. I'm going to do a little breath hold and do one more quad stop. Oh goodness. And this side has a touch. A little more on this tier drop portion like I can feel a couple. Instestations which will be the begin to sort of show themselves as I get a bit leaner, but I am feeling pretty good about this. And this is pumped. So mind you try steps and quads especially. With a pump obviously you're a little bigger. You might be a little extra. Vaney. But you lose some like detail. Because if you imagine my quads is like a big balloon. You know, if you take them in flu, like a balloon that's meant to be square. And you over and flate it you keep pumping eventually it's just going to get round. And you're going to lose all that detail. So same thing with your quads and a touch or in a way. Because it's like sure they're extra big. They're a little bit larger than normal, but they're not as cut up and freaky. Like as grainy as this portion of my left quad looks. It's actually freaky or unpumped because all these individual Strations and grains can show themselves off a little more clearly in an unpumped state. But let's see how the sort of side chest poses looking. And so we're going to go to the next step. We're getting somewhere. We are most certainly getting somewhere. But for you, let's get in the car. For me, I'm going back upstairs to pump out some ad, Dr. and calf work. Probably six or so sets each just enough to get a reasonable pump. And then post lift cardio. That's still going on, but I'm going to eat a meal first. Because I don't really think it's in my best interest to have now totally Thrasch my quads and then burn them out on the cardio bike and the treadmill. At least without a meal in between. So that'll be my plan for after. My post meal workout. But for you, let's get back in the camera. There we go. Wow. Lift completes. Legs destroyed. I did eight sets of the stack on the ad doctor machine for 15 reps each set. And those sets were not so failure, but my ad doctors were definitely starting to feel some fatigue during the last few reps of each. So more than solid ad doctor isolation work. And I'm definitely going to feel those in the morning tomorrow. They even got a little bit of work with those dumbbell articles. So I'm a little bit less prone to like. Artials on the Smith machine or like with a barbell now. Because I have to have my hands. Like, you know, together in front of my shins. Because I've got a metal bar connecting them. Obviously, my hands can't go past my shins. Right. But with the dumbbells, I can kind of ride the front of my shins down the bottom and have the weight a little more close to like. Where my center of mass is on my feet. Either, well, just having the weight a little closer to my legs. I can tell feels a little bit better. That's why I like the cable already. Which as well as something about the strength curve of the cables too. But obviously, one of the cables is busted so no cable for me. But dumbbells are definitely a close second. And I'm getting better at feeling my hips like rotate inward. Or I guess forward more like during those Artials. But I could tell on that second set, especially with the sideways angle. I went back and looked. And this is one benefit of recording all these sets. Back and like see little changes. I could tell I was starting to have some form breakdown and some extra roundness of my lower back. Not to the point of like injury or danger, but definitely to the point of lower back activation. Which I don't want to do an hamstring movement, you know. But that was a pretty solid, pretty solid lift overall. Hamstrings hit well. Some heavy stuff and some slightly lighter squeezing work with those Artials. And then the leg extensions into those Sissy squats. Those were really nasty. I meant to say it before, but I was kind of like in the middle of it. There is something about the Sissy squats. Some kind of factor that actually improves the feeling that I get from them. When I already have a quad pump. Because at the bottom it's like I really am just basically bouncing my entire body weight through the tension. It's been built up in my quads. So it's almost like, It's kind of, I don't even know how I get explained. Well, just the sort of increased tension in that stretch position. From already having pumped up quads. Kind of gives me a little bit of like an advantage in the bottom. Where it doesn't feel like I'm just bottoming out. And then I have to force the weight back up. It really does feel like I'm just bouncing through my quads in like a, like a spring kind of style. So it's definitely kind of tricky. And with those I would advise be on the side of caution. Here on the side of caution, me-wise. Because that is a lot of tension really just going straight through your knees. I like any time I've had a sore knee or something or like I bumped it really hard on a corner. Or I tried a couple months ago. I did a, I was jumping off like a little pier. Like not high. It was like maybe a five foot, I don't even, like four foot drop to the water. But I do like a one leg at gainer. And of course, I'm not used to any impacts at all. I do like slow kind of workout-based training, you know, nothing athletic. So I had like, I gave myself a little chunk of like, Ozgood slotters where like my patello was a little bit tender in one spot. So like anytime something like that happens, I'm not going to be doing anything crazy. I like the, those Sissy squads because it's going to hurt my knees, right? But as long as everything's in working water, I really do like those. So those are going to be kind of a staple right now because workload-wise, quads are not really getting hit with as much weight as they would be in a bulking context. Because what I'm trying to do is maintain the quad size that I've already built. You know, it's not, it's not really conducive with muscle maintenance and injury prevention. It's a try to squat as much weight as possible right now. Even for like a legit set of, you know, eight. So I'm kind of curbing my ego and just back and off to some more kind of isolated hamstring and quad work. But that's probably good for me. Every so often, I'm not every so often, but every time I squat real heavy for long enough or I'm doing really heavy pressing, usually some kind of tweak starts to make itself apparent. Whether it's like my adductor or like a part of my quad or my knee or something. So I do need to have a little bit more of a detector or a sensitive kind of sense just for any time. I start to tweak something. Because there's nothing wrong with giving yourself a tweak. There's nothing wrong with having something to feel out of place or like, oh crap, my my shoulders really, oh like maybe you did something like, I'm not talking like an injury event. I just mean like, oh yeah, my shoulders been bothering me. Absolutely nothing wrong with that. That's just going to come with training. Now where you can actually turn that into a mistake is by not acting accordingly and saying, okay, my shoulder feels a little weird today. Like not even hurting, but like I'm warming up, I'm doing my push downs and my rotated cuff work before I start chest. My shoulder feels a little weird. Maybe I shouldn't try to bench as much as I ever have. Maybe that would be a bad idea. Maybe I should be a little more conservative with the weight, do some lighter squeezing stuff today. That is what the smarter lift it would do. And that's what I'm trying to get better at. My rate of injury has decreased dramatically. I kind of wish I had like a like a note pattern or something. I just like a note to my phone or every time I like pull my hamstring or pull my chest or tweaked my knee or did something else something weird that I would write it down because I have not had much of that over the last few months. We just get and not gone freaking wood. I'm not asking for any trouble there. But I think that's just reflective in that one of my newer priorities, which is definitely taken. It's up there. It's top tier priorities is not hurting myself. Because if I want to take steps forward, what's the exact opposite of what that goal is? Right? Taking steps back tweaking your stuff. So, oh, that's to say is right. As much as you should be full throttling your intensity or at least getting up to that 90% range on the regular. Keep in mind like a gay. You got to come back and lift tomorrow. Because a 315 single really seemed like it's worth it today. You should hold a few little weird just because all your boys are you know, hype and you up. Doesn't mean you need to completely obliterate your rotator cuff. Like, what's a good example? Well, like somebody who obliterated their rotator cuff. Right? So, just try to keep that in mind. And it's often easier said than done. That's where I really feel like the 10 rep PR deserves more praise. Like, I want the 10 rep PR to get some forefront action in terms of like, you know, impressiveness. Because really one rep max, I mean, I want to say who cares. But obviously we know who cares. One rep max is a cool. It's a crazy man away, whatever. It's not really, you know, that's not normal life. That's not something you do on the regular. Like, everybody's one rep max. I'd say 70% of the time isn't even what their current one rep max is. I mean, technically, I could say my one rep max is 450. Because I did 450 on flat bench ones. And my butt came off the bench because this was a couple of years ago. It was a little scrappy or as a lifter. And, well, let's just say I would not want to get under 450 pounds right now on flat bench. You know, so it's like just try to think in the long term. You know, is it going to be better for you to crumple yourself under five plates on a barbell squat with the safety's barely at like a non-lethal level? And then, you know, have me try to spot it for a TikTok video, which unfortunately, real story. And there were two attempts. Both, well, that weight looked like it was going down and not up both. But I'll try to get out there is, don't hurt yourself. I think that's a pretty well understood and easily acceptable tip. But, you know, sometimes everybody's got it here. And it takes a little while to kind of ingrain those sort of ideas. I mean, me as a lifter now versus even just two years ago. I've got some very different thoughts on the matter of basically all sorts of stuff working out wise. And I can guarantee that two years from now, probably even less, even just a year. Well, let's say two, I'm going to have some very different thoughts than what I have right now. And that's totally cool. I mean, that's kind of the idea, right? As new information emerges, you should be getting smarter. And you should be kind of developing different opinions and different approaches you're training. And not even that, but after another two years of training, even if you do the same workouts, you should now be a totally new guy because you just came out of two extra years of training. So all sorts of variables are changing all the time. So to approach working out with like a die hard mindset, I train like this. And I do it like this. And I have to eat like this. And if you say anything else, you're wrong. And I'm going to go back and forth with you. And that in this Instagram thread for about 30 minutes and explain to you why you're wrong. Like, can I think that's how the box, you know, don't be so confined to whatever random as I did you got right now. Because the guy who's convinced is that he's right. Long term. And when I think we all know the deal with that sort of situation there. But I'm trying not to follow the sleep. I don't know if I post through that real. So I, uh, crap. I think it might have been my last bag of steamed broccoli and cauliflower. Well, let's just hope I have one more bag of that, which is seven grams worth of carbs. And reasonably filling is it's like, you know, it's a full bowl of vegetables. That paired with eight ounces of ground turkey, 28 grams of fat-free cheddar cheese, macros being two grams of carbs, nine grams of protein, some sugar-free ketchup, a little bit of salt and pepper. And then I will go down and get my cardio started. So a lot of cardio right now. Cardio is, uh, yeah, crap. Part from eating or apart from sleeping. Cardio is the thing that I'm doing the most. Uh, a little more, a little more to go. But I think that's all I got there. So I'm excited for a chest day tomorrow, a little bit cooler on the free scale. So let's just hope I've got some new veins and striations. I'll see you then.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 90 - Chest [O9RyZrdKP68].txt ===

Alright, I think I've finally figured out why the fact that it gets so dark so early, at least for me in the northeast. It's just felt kind of weird because there's been no snow. Because if you've never lived somewhere where, I mean, all the grass and all the fields and everything you're covered in, and I said a blanket of white snow, it may become a little bit brighter because now instead of just absorbing all the light, the ground kind of reflects it back so it's certain to feel a little more normal. It's like pitch black January at 6 o'clock in the evening. It felt a little funky, kind of was tricking my system. And that's something where it's kind of weird. It has been getting progressively less and less snowy earlier in the year than it used to be. I mean, I'm talking freaking November used to be if winter wondered land back when I was younger. I wonder if any of the alien sightings have anything to do with that. Like they're going to get all the climate control under all the climate change under control. But that's above my pay grade. So sticking within my realm of skills, what's the plan for this chest day? Well, get a crazy chest bump. That's a big one. Don't hurt myself. That's another big one. That's probably equally high up there. I'd say actually not hurting myself is more important at getting a crazy chest bump because I would not trade hurting myself for something like that. So that's up there. So you're not going to see any foreplayed bancher, five-plate Smith or anything nuts. Let's see his weights within reason. But yeah, I've been doing a lot of inkling Smith machine. I don't know. I'll see. I used to have a bit more of a close mind. And I still do tune extend. Like I can tell when I look at my lifting pattern so I'm chest. Usually I'm going to start with heavy pressing first and then move on to whatever kind of, I was the word to think of. Like fly or squeezing bass work like that. Because in my mind, I think I definitely still operate on the idea like okay. I'm doing chest. I better bench heavy. I better bench first when I'm fresh. Which in a bulking context, like in terms of really making sure I've thrashed my chest in a good way. I don't think it's a bad idea. Like what, because half of that makes sense, I do want to load my chest with a lot of mechanical tension when I'm strong, when I'm fresh. But that's not the only way to do it. So now I'm not so troubled by breaking that little pattern that I've built up. And even started to chest day off with flies. But the problem is when you get to a certain size and strength, sometimes starting with the set of regular pecdec, the weight actually is a little bit too light. So there definitely is some value of pre-exhausting before doing more of a light movement. Like let's say there's a preacher girl at your gym where it is, it's a very light machine. Like you could do single arm curls with the full stack. You could do 20 reps easy. You might not want to start with that machine because you're kind of strong on it. But if you save it for a few movements down the line, may your biceps are already tired. Then you can make more use of it. Because that's kind of how I want my workout to look. Set by set by set by set. I want to be getting progressively weaker. I want to be getting an accrual of damage and fatigue. Like my last set in terms of just objective numbers, I do not want to be more intense than the first few on a fresh and strong. Right? Because over the course of the lift, I want to break everything down to the point where like if my first set of chest was 3 plates for 15 on the Smith machine. At the end of the workout, I do not want to be able to do 3 plates of 15. So the nature of getting weaker throughout the lift also probably makes me want to do the heavier harder stuff first and then move on to more. Squeezing isolation, stretch, focus, and stuff towards the end. But definitely do not feel like you're wrong if you want to start a chest off with cable flies and then move on to pressing. And that's got its own benefits because if you do a couple sets of flies first, then you've already got a bit of a chest pump. And on Zaryo, you'll feel your chest more on like a Smith machine bench later. Now you might be a little weaker instead of 2 plates and a 10, you might be doing 1 plate and a 25. But as long as you can still take that set to the legit failure around that 1215ish rep range, even just 8 to 15, like somewhere within there, I think you're good. So what that tells me is that I've got pick of the litter in terms of machines once I go into the gym. So if I let's say I walk in and in my mind I'm like, alright, Incline Smith, I'm ready for it. I'm walking up the steps I'm getting hyped up for it. Or actually I've been known to take the elevator instead of the steps. I see it in my carty if I want to do in carty. But anyway, I'm coming up to the gym, okay, I'm getting Incline Smith in my mind. Incline Smith taking it. Okay, yeah, they just sat down and they're doing swats. Probably not the best etiquette to try to work in with a guy. If he's doing a movement that far removed from what you're doing. So maybe a little new year's gym go or tip. Nothing wrong with asking to work in. Like if you're doing set of pull downs with the same handle, the same everything, you're just changed the weight. Asked somebody how many sets he has left. If he says more than one, just ask to be more careful. But if somebody's doing like, you know, bench or squats or movements where it's going to take a couple of steps to adjust the machine or the height, then you might be better off just either waiting or finding a new machine. That's that's something you can get to use your best lift or discretion. But let's say I'm getting hyped up for Incline Smith. Incline Smith is taking it. I'm going to talk about what do I do? Do something else? Do Campbell flies. You know, the gym is not just your space. You do get to work in with everybody else. So anybody who's got such a close mind about their work out, like, I have to start with Incline Smith. And then I have to do three sets of him or strength press. And then I have to do flat bench. And then I have to like, if you're so rigid in your approach to your workout, that you have to do the exact same thing every time. I mean, it might not be a bad thing. I'm sure that's still a perfectly fine workout. But he just doesn't, you know, take into account that we live in the real freaking world. What happens if a machine was broken? Are you just going to say, oh crap, the Incline Smith machine was broken. My whole chest is ruined. I ask, screw it. I'm going home. No, nobody would do that. Right. So just don't be afraid to improvise on the spot. Let's say you want to do some kind of pressing. The flat bench is taken. Do the machine press. Do a cable press. Do, you know, just do whatever. As long as your total workload of all your sets still gets done, like I've been doing around seven sets per lift. Sometimes eight, sometimes six if I'm really killing it. Then, you know, whether that all came from Incline Smith or Peck Deck or cable flyers or whatever. Like any kind of jumble of mix in between. As long as those working sets were done well, I know I went hard. And I've got a full pump at the end of it. Then, you know, I'm good. And that's a perfect way to build training experience of different movements is just, you know, pick a few. You maybe haven't done for a little while and just make a workout out of that. You're going to get two, uh, two potential responses. I don't know responses, but, um, well, there's two possible states that you're going to be and after you try a workout you've never done before. I'm not even one that you copied from somebody else, but just something you came up with. Like let's do three sets of flies, three sets of, uh, flat bench, three sets of Incline dumbbell. Whatever does matter. Then, at the end of it, you know, taking into account your effort levels, how hard you are really going, how pumped you feel, how, just how everything felt kind of subjectively. And then in your mind, you're going to be able to say, okay, that was actually a pretty good workout. I haven't started to chesty with flies for a little while. I really like that. Pressing after already pre-exhausting with some flies, actually felt really good. Make it squeeze my chest extra hard. Nice. Or you're going to say, okay, I'm in both cases as soon as I get one hard. Or you can say, okay, I win hard and all my sets, like no one set was bad, but, I don't know, I just don't really like starting with the flies. It didn't really click for me. I still get a pump, I still win hard. I definitely am going to feel like a chest tomorrow, but that exercise order in particular, and I definitely love it. And I think that's what people are missing because everybody's eared. People are just so afraid to fail in any capacity. Like that's why I think there's a big barrier to entry, even going to the gym in general, because not everybody is super comfortable with the idea of being in space. You know, you're kind of on display, everybody who's been in the gym, or who is going to be in the gym has been there for a while. They know what they're doing, you don't. It's like, who freaking cares, man, you know? Like the building up that sort of experience for yourself and being able to look over it over time and make adjustments. Those are the lifters who get the furthest. It's the guys where they're always looking for a pre-written answer or a project, you're not a project, yeah, like a routine or a program, like, okay, what's the, I have to do it the perfect way, like what's the best way, what's the way that everybody says is right. I have to do that. I have to, I have to conform to everybody else's idea of what's correct. And it's, dude, cookie cutter mentality, man. You know, like this isn't rocket science here. You can try your own stuff, see what happens? Crossfitters get checked, calisthenics do it's get checked, straight up just body weight like P90X style dudes get checked. As long as your effort is there, the vastness of different kind of styles of work and out that you can do is huge. You can do all sorts of freaking everything. So, you know, even if you've done with that down to just weight based gym workouts, really, as long as your effort is there, and you're making a conscious thought, okay, really, feel whatever muscle you're aiming for at the time, then really, it's just a long game of how long can you keep doing that, and make adjustments towards trying to improve the progress that you're making. You know, so if you're in gain any weight this year and you've been trying to change something up, and odds are, the problem isn't even the training. Usually, it's the calorie side of things, you know, it's not eating enough food. You get a fuel of the freaking machine, but that's, so, hope I had some good ideas in there. I'm kind of going off on a bit of a riff, but either way, I'm excited for today's chest day. So, I think what's, let's just stop, you happen about it, get in there and make it happen. So, first I'm going to do my little shoulder, try set, just kind of warm up on the cables, and then we can jump to a set number one, if whatever that ends up being. All right, so, let's start with some moderately light cable press. One unfortunate thing about this gym is these big kind of cable crossovers. You can only have them at floor height or top height, but little trick you can do, pull the handle out, yay much, and then pin the weight. So, you get this extra, I mean, two feet of extension, because if I'm trying to do a heavy fly, and even this, like, only a hundred pounds, sure, it's not that heavy here in the actual pressing portion, but try to wrench that down into this position. You're just asking for, like, a tweaked elbow or something weird. So, I want to be basically in the starting position, and then unload. But, I think if you're here, slow with a very pronounced squeeze and hold at the bottom, then we can decide how to, how to go forward. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Few more. Nice. Yeah, that's a burning. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Let's move on. All right. So, given that I do not have a spotter in here, I am not going to do incline bench to failure. Norm, I'm going to go that heavy. So, this is only two plates. So, how I'm still going to hit failure is this is going to be a superset. So, I'm going to do a pre-exhaust with this two-play bench. Just enough to feel like I'm approaching chest destruction, and then racket and finish burning out with some kind of faster cable presses over there. So, give a little combo if you don't want to, you know, risk. Or, you know, if you want to do a pre-exhaust with a word to be decapitation or, well, anything bad that could happen on a solo bench. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One more of those. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Give me seconds to decide what's going to be a good next move. Good lips of our though. The incline converging cable press will be perfect for what I think might actually be the last movement. Let's see how the set feels though. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. One more. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. All right. Let's pose down. Just can put it. All right. So freakyest lighting has been found. I mean, two plates on bench. You know, it's like, what are we doing here? But that's that's where that question is now rhetorical. It has an answer. Stimulating, activating, maintaining. Not trying to break down every fiber of got. And then rebuild them stronger. Really, I'm just trying to make sure that all the ones that have already got to built up. Stay where they are. That's kind of the whole point of this diving phase. I'm not, I'm not getting any new tissue. I'm just losing all the fat tissue that's covering up and concealing all the cool fancy beef underneath. But let's try to do a couple classics here. Oh. You're missing. Oh. Oh. Goodness. Oh. Oh. Oh, man. Stand there doing that most much that really gets me. Oh, yeah. I'm sorry. It's a little bit after hard lift, especially in the deficit. Be careful about a big breath, holy. Try to get every vein and straighten out. Possibly flex. If you had a solid workout, too, and your little carb depleted, but even in the bulk state. There's videos. You can just totally cut off the blood supply to your brain just for long enough that tumble to the freaking floor. So just just be careful about that. I've never seen it happen in person, but I have seen the videos. And it's like even smaller dudes, like 160, just a big breath hole than a. Something to think about. So let's do a little. We'll add a shot as well. Oh. Okay. Well, chest complete. Getting definitely getting somewhere. This is the most graim and separation that I've had in the chest day. This whole diet so far. Now, this isn't the freakyest pump. I've had so far for chest, but I think that's just the nature of getting real steep into a deficit. Because as much as this is a good gauge of like how I'm looking and how I'm progressing. This isn't really how I look like show ready prep later on. There's that's going to be 10 pounds of drops of water, plus an extra like minimum 700 or so grams of carbs to be consumed to carb up beforehand. So right now I'm still totally flat and fully like hydrated. So all this pinchable fat and whatnot. Once this starts to really come off, combined it's like a completely empty stomach, a little more tapered in the waist. We are going to have some freaky shots in the coming weeks. And by coming weeks, I mean, more like six. But these, these are all these different little striations and lines. This is a very good sign. Let me actually do this side one more. Yeah, that's extra cool for me. And that's what the chest pump. So chest doesn't really suffer. The pump inflation effect as bad as, you know, quads and triceps. Because what happens is when I'm fully bolt, I could not care less. Because I'm not seeing my chest fibers or my quads fibers or my triceps striations. Or anything fancy like that. I'm only seeing okay, how physically big and pumped can whatever muscle I'm training get. So I don't know if you need to bulk all pumps are created equal. But dieting down. Not so much like I kind of like the way that my back looks at at least in like more normal poses. Not just like a front lat spread. Unpumped when I'm leaner because I can see more detail more different fibers and striations and whatnot. Because when it gets fully pumped up, that stuff kind of. gets lost in just the inflation of having so much blood in my back. Same thing with triceps and chest a little bit too because like totally unpumped. I would see much more of those little fancy lines and grains and stuff than, you know, fully pumped up state. So all that's to say is there's definitely more value than just pure size when it comes to your look as you get leaner. But I'm going to camp out and see if I can the treadmill for a little while. So for you, let's just get in the car. Just a complete. Okay. I am cold. I am hungry. And I am tired. I'm getting hit with the trifecta right now. But that's her right. That's our right. Nothing cool comes from staying comfortable. So a plan for the post workout meal. A very large egg white omelet with a chop salad mixed in along with some fat free cheddar cheese and some sugar free barbecue sauce on top. That will be perfect paired with a warm bed in some pajamas after a shower. And I am going to be out cold. I can guarantee freaking. So reasonable lift. Honestly. I don't know if I should go there anymore for chest. A little bit sparse. And the cables only being at that top down angle. Doesn't really do it for me as much as having the cables a little bit more of a shoulder height. But still a solid lift. There's a Smith machine in there too, but I didn't really feel comfortable using that bench for any kind of heavy Smith pressing action. Even doing those cable presses on those last few sets on that bench. I was getting a little nervous about the structural rigidity of it, but seemed to hold up well enough. Tomorrow for back. Well, I'll just have some kind of funky back day somewhere. Exactly. And I'm going to be exactly sure. But we'll see if there's any changes in terms of the Christmas tree. Lower back, irrectors, striation type situation during that post down. But yeah, I am definitely ready for freaking bed. I, uh. What the heck was I gonna say? I can tell I'm running low on blood sugar. I'm not talking like, um, what's the word? Hypothmic. What's, I'm not talking hypoglycemic. Like I'm not talking, um, you know, I need something I'm going to pass out and take level. But especially after a long session of cardio after the lift. And I can tell it gives me a little bit of, uh, gives me a little bit of a brain fog until I get back and actually eat something. So we'll see. I, uh, I meal prepped myself a bunch of turkey sandwiches at about. Seven, not about exactly seven carbs of seven grams of carbs each. Seven grams of fat and 24 grams of protein. They grease being some low carb, bread slices, wheat. So, Delhi turkey, but like the most organic one I could kind of get my hands on. Anytime I use the, like, and yeah, sure, whatever. Still Delhi turkey. But anytime I get like an Oscar Meyer, like the ones where it's really kind of thinly folded over, whatever, it kind of makes my stomach feel funky. Really what I should have known was got some, uh, some of the Costco, like massive five pound turkey breast and just cut slices off of it. That probably would have been a little better, but what are you gonna do? And then, um, a little bit of fat free cheese. So mustard, some low fat mayonnaise and then some chopped lettuce on top. All smashed together. And then, uh, when I added the mustard and the turkey, easy enough to account for, because I know I had four packs, 40 grams of protein each pack. And I could kind of divvy it up evenly and know the math. But with the fat free mayonnaise or the low fat mayonnaise, rather. Not totally short, right? And I'm not gonna weigh out every individual, like sandwich is sort of portion of mayo. So what I did there is just zero out of a food scale. Put the tub onto it and then add an evenly sized kind of, you know, doll up on the huge sandwich. Way the low fat mayonnaise again. Now that's a little lighter. And then, okay, I've used 45 grams. Every 15 grams is three and a half grams of fat. That means I just had just about 12 grams of fat across these eight little, like, you know, turkey sandwiches. So do the math, 14 divided by eight, one and a half ish. Actually, no, no, no, no, no. One in the three quarter. I think I just round it up to two. But those are good. It's kind of nice to have those sitting around. The last time I really prepped those was what I was working for the city with Mark. And I'd bring, I'd bring like five of them in a little cooler. And they were just disappear. The low carb bread is, I'd say that's up there as a dieting hack. But you can't really do too much of it. Like if I start slamming a ton of like the low carb tortillas and the, like, the buns and stuff, they have a very high fiber content, like, 10 grams of fiber each slice. So if you eat like, you know, 10 slices of them. You just had 100 grams of fiber. And it's a little bit beyond like your necessary amount. And it kind of makes you feel a little like, just bloated, the stomach. So not like full of food in a good way. Kind of just like, just a little bit uncomfortable. So what I've really been trying to do is make sure that my meals are extra full of fluff food. I steamed vegetables, cauliflower, rice, things like that, where it takes up some space. And I'm actually like feeling like a beating a lot of food. But really, it's only eight grams worth of carbs. The broccoli says two grams of protein per serving. Not sure I'm so sure about that. Definitely not two grams of a complete, you know, amino acid array of protein. But it's still something to take into account. So that's the plan for the post-work ad meal. And I am ready to hit the sack. So I don't think I have any any other deep words of wisdom apart from the fact that I hope that you start doing your cardio this year. And if you're one of the guys who every time I say that, you don't need to listen because you're already doing your cardio. I am envious. I am envious of you. So I think that's how I get. I will see you for what I hope to be. My freaky is back day yet tomorrow.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 91 - Rest Day [W_G1LHtLNK8].txt ===

So no training today. No weight-based training for me today. I think a rest day might be an order. But...not exactly. Does it, uh... Does it still count as a rest day if you do a substantial amount of cardio? Well there's no weight-based, you know, central nervous system stressing stimulus. So I would say so. So I already finished the morning cardio, which is more like a 10, six or so hours. The past it's now four-ish. It's gonna be a little while before I actually get there. That's about right. So my cardio of choice has been either the seated bike or just the incline treadmill. Usually a bit of a combination of the two, where I'll do like 30 minutes on the bike, followed by 30 minutes on the treadmill. If I feel like it, like if I can tell my quasi starting to get a little extra fatigued from the bike, then I'll switch and do 30 on the treadmill to finish. But, you know, if the bike's cruising, just sit there for the hour. It's definitely not the easiest thing in the world though, because it's not really exciting. It takes a while. It's kind of just generally difficult. Like not insanely difficult. Like one rep max, but it's like, you know, you just tire on yourself out. You're breathing heavy or heart rate elevated. But it's not that bad. So that's kind of, that's usually how I think of it. And by the time I get my music plan, especially if when I shuffle it, there's like a pretty solid stream of good songs. And then I'm just sitting, you know, playing the classroom, or something like my phone, or like watching a movie, or whatever. The time passes by pretty quick. Like it's not a, you sort of get yourself into a cell. And honestly, I think that this sort of stint of like extra crazy long cardio for me is going to be good in the long run, because now instead of doing, you know, an hour cardio session in the morning, then an hour cardio session, the evening, once I'm done dieting, I go back to my regular 30 minutes every morning. It's going to feel like freaking heaven. I don't know what I'm going to do with myself with all that extra time. But you definitely don't have to do hours upon hours of cardio to get the benefits. But I do think that there's a pretty solid threshold that lies around that 30 minutes per day mark. And some guys are going to say, you know, you should get 150 minutes per week of elevated heart rate, stage two, something or other cardio. Usually I just think about it like, and because I'm not aiming for a specific heart rate or anything, I kind of just set it at a difficulty, which is doable for me. But it's pretty consistent where usually it ends up being about 300 calories per 30 minutes that the machine says, which honestly isn't really an awesome way to go about it. Like every time I bring up the cardio, just some guys still ask me if I'm like deducting the amount of calories I've burned from the cardio from my daily calories that I'm eating. Like, okay, if you just did 300 calories of cardio, do you now eat 300 more calories of food? Not, it just seems kind of rude to mention, you know? Like, if your cardio is extra, then I guess you might have something, there might be something to that. But for me, at least, I consider my daily activities of the cardio sessions in the lift or now the cardio session, the lift and the cardio session after not today of course, we're just doing double the cardio. But that's just sort of the day. That's like just what I do. And then I'm just adjusting my calorie intake slowly over time. You know, trying to really balance the two out. I think you kind of get lost in the, you know, like the complications of it. It's like, okay, I crap. I accidentally ate an extra hundred calories because I had some, I had some M&M's that were sent out of bowl on the table. All right, the better doing extra hundred calories of cardio, it's, it's not a rabbit hole. I really catch myself going down. But I do think you're really missing out. If you're not at least adding, even like, just try 15 minutes after you next lift. Like, let's see how to chest-day. It was pretty good. You're already sweating. You're already already took your free workout to get some caffeine in your system. Just pop a squat and see the bike. Now, set it to difficulty eight. Start repenet and just see what happens. That's, that's kind of as easy as you can get into it and then go from there. But I mean, look, how long are you spending just playing around in your phone anyway? This is probably my greatest argument of point for why you guys should begin your cardio going because, I mean, pull it up, man. Open your settings, open your screen time. How many hours of Instagram, TikTok, YouTube have been accumulated over just today? And today isn't even over, like, I guess it depends when you're watching this. But either way, look, I know there's a couple hours there. There might even be a lot of hours there. You know, and I'm not here to pass any judgment, I'm guilty as well. I've got some greasiest phone hours. But why not make use of some of that by spending that time instead of just completely passively, just make it a little bit more active by petling around. So, maybe make a trip to the gym, or I would recommend looking around, honestly, right now, might not be the best time that demand might be a little higher on like all the Facebook market plays ads for all the, like, at home cardio equipment and see the bikes and treadmills because it's new years kind of hype motivational season or whatever. But, you know, keep an eye out. I'd say at least one in five American homes have a piece of cardio equipment in them. Now, I'd say much smaller percentage have cardio equipment that actually gets used. But, they're wrapped. And that does save you an extra drive to the gym. Like, I, you know, the reason I'm going to the gym for this cardio and set is just doing that. My apartment gym is I want to go in the sauna afterward. And that apartment gym does not have a sauna. It's called as a sea of bike. So, that's going to be my plan for this, this day is kind of, uh, I don't even think I can really call it a rest day. I still will, but it's really just a cardio day. It's a better, uh, probably a better representation. But, basically what I'm trying to say is my next few steps are an hour of cardio, either all on the, uh, on a sea of bike or a mix of half bike, half treadmill. I'll have to see you kind of how I feel. Followed by 15 minutes in the sauna, followed by coming home, and then taking an episode's salt bath. Get some of that, uh, magnesium, magnesium, what? What is that? Yep. I can't remember. Well, either way, you know, kind of a classic little recovery mix, plus it doesn't like a freaking, you know, hot bath every now and again. But for me, let's go get the cardio started. And then for you, I think we'll just jump straight back to the car. A lot of, uh, but a car, it's talking for this lift, if that, uh, is that what you're going? All right. It might not exactly be the best angle. I tried to set it to manual focus, so I could see the timer like, you know, tick up to the hour mark and like, you know, speed it up at the cool looking kind of time lapse. But there's really not much to see. Kind of just sit down and Blake clash Royale. I, um, I'd say my win right tonight was maybe, uh, it was probably 50, 50. I just broke into the 7,000 trophy range, so it's like, you know, I'll get on, I'll go on a run, I'll get up to like, 7,200 and then three losses in a row, back to, back to 71. Okay, back to 72. Oh, back to 7,000. So, you know, but I don't really get too pressed about it. I, uh, when I was younger, I'd be playing clash, and I'd actually, like, I'd actually get upset when they're in e-mode at on me. But now it really just is a good way to pass the time. And I feel like I get into a little bit of a locked-in stay, you know, it's like you feel pretty good when you predict that the dude is going to fireball your minion hoard and you pre-place a monk and you have him do the sort of like defensive move and then you send it back. Yeah, that, that definitely gets you going. But, yeah, I mean, that was like, that hour past like nothing. Now, I kind of put myself into a little bit of a Zen state by just spamming, uh, just spam and clash royal games. But I don't think that, uh, you know, do whatever. I'm sure everybody probably has a certain activity that would kind of get their time passing extra quick. I was, uh, one of my buddies he always tells me that he's still in, because he's on the hour and a half-ground of cardio too. He's trying to trim down. And he's telling me what it gets him going is just scrolling through like Twitter conspiracy theory threads into like the craziest like disclose military, style document, whatever kind of stuff. And it's like he can just get in, get yourself into a rabbit hole like that. And that gets you going. And then the time is going to pass like nothing. Like I really do think that's a pretty good, uh, like I'm bringing you that again, that argument about how much time are you spending on your phone doing nothing anyway. And I'm not, I'm not saying like why fuck you on your phone all the time. Put that, no, I'm saying you're all like we're already sitting around playing on a phone anyway. So to add the constructive use of the time with the cardio and just literally be doing the exact same thing, it's a pretty good boost. And you're, you could still spend an hour just scrolling Instagram. But at the end of it, you get to say, hey, I did my cardio or even just 30 minutes of cardio. I'm I'm saying now, or just because I'm crazy. Like he just 30 minutes, like, oh, 30 minutes over, leave. It's really not the hardest thing in the world. It's definitely more difficult than just sitting on the couch chilling. But it's not the hardest thing in the world. Like I was thinking about that when I was sitting there, like the cardio really has zero barrier to entry. There is no skill requirement. There is no, uh, like history of training requirement. Anybody at any level could set the cardio to like a moderate difficulty for them. You know, sit there, read their heart rate, get up to like 1, 20, 1, 30 years, have them. And just, you know, chilling break is what? Like, do not underestimate the power of just adding that. Like, if you took a guy who didn't change anything about his diet, he changed nothing about his sleep routine and his hydration. Obviously improving all those things would improve the results. But let's just say that everything else stay the same. And then you change the variable of you made him do 30 minutes on the seated bike every morning. Burn 300 calories. Not the craziest thing in the world. The guy who would start getting freaking leaner, you know, like he wouldn't be shredded in two months. But he probably started losing, you know, whatever amount of, uh, I mean, potentially even like a freaking, uh, hmm. Oh, goodness. Like a freaking pound a week, you know, changing nothing else. And odds are, if you're started doing your cardio, you know, well, let's, let's, let's not even say daily. Let's just say you start doing your cardio three times a week. You probably will start caring about your diet and your hydration. You're resting your recovery and everything else. Like, as much as, I'm given all this like, consistency advice and everything else about like the vector of just muscle growth and performance base training. Like, okay, I want to build my arms as big as I can get them. I want to build my back as why does I can, I want my legs as thick as they can be. I want to train like this. I want to do my cardio like this. I want to track every macro. Like, that's what it takes. Right. That of course, all those things piled up together is going to form an awesome support structure for you to make badass gains. But there's a very large, if not complete overlap of the working out for just, you know, the vein motivation of getting more muscles, it's just also freaking good for you, man. Right. I mean, somebody who's got a solid sleep routine because they care about their recovery, and they want to work out hard. They're drinking more than enough fluids to stay totally hydrated. They're reading a reasonably balanced meal, more than enough protein, reasonable carbs, sources, nothing crazy on the fat side. Like, they're not getting McDonald's every freaking meal. You know, it's not even talking like, well, you can, you can supply some in. But what I'm saying is somebody who has an active routine like that in the bodybuilding side of things, like they're just trying to be like a bigger lifter. They're just going to feel better in general. Like, doing your cardio, training, having a certain sort of buff stats in terms of your strength, it just makes daily life like a little easier, you know? And especially for anybody a little bit on my older side of the demographics, shouldn't it? We're all up against time. I mean, don't forget, it's, you know, those old heads used to be 20 year old, spray young ones, freaking running around. Like, they've got, uh, you've got all the time in the world, and then dude, it can get tricky to pick up a 40 pound luggage bag and put it overhead on the plane. And that is a pretty serious motivator, I feel where if you've got anybody a little older in your family, you know, you're living with, you've seen enough, bring them to the gym with you or try to schedule it so that you guys go at the same time. You don't have to do the same stuff, but having some weight-based exposure, I mean, the lifting for me is never going to stop. Be it, uh, I mean, I'm going to like slow down in terms of size, eventually just downsize to a regular, even out of regular, dude, probably always be above, uh, above baseline for sure. But the point isn't going to be complete mass in the long run. Eventually, you just got to work at, you know, keep yourself moving and healthy. So we've all seen the, um, um, if you haven't, then there's these really compelling MRI scans, basically just like a visual slice of, you know, some 65, some 70-year-old legs, and it shows you like their outer sort of skin layer, their inner, what their femur, their thigh bone right in the middle, and then you've got a big mass of muscle and a certain amount of body fat. And the guys who worked out and had weight-based exposure, even get into their freaking 70s, this whole chunk of everything was basically all muscle. You know, they were a little bit leaner, of course, too, but if you keep that exercise up, then that's just going to be the case. And then the ones who weren't working out, it was a pretty serious discrepancy, a body fat, to actual muscle and then to bone. The weights are freaking important. So, uh, I was about to say at any age you should be, you know, rocking around in the weight room. Maybe not if you're like 10, you know, there's definitely an age where you just focus on, you know, playing games and sports or whatever else. You don't have to start slamming the gym for a little while. And that's, uh, not trying to crush anybody's dreams if you get a little brother who's got like an Arnold post-traum of the wall and he's like, that's going to be me right there. You got some time. You know, you definitely have some time. You don't have to start that early. I'd say mid, uh, so that's a go off on a totally different tangent. But when's it good time to start working out? Wait to based like physical style training? I don't. I'm not your dad. Maybe, uh, because you know, when it's, you know, a stunt your growth, you know, like if somebody tried, uh, if somebody started like really doing crazy, serious power lifting style workouts when they're like, you know, 10 years older something that might mess with you. Same, uh, same thing with like the gymnastics, too. I don't know why I was, uh, I don't know why I started thinking about that. But either way, further, most part, everybody should be working out. Now, do you have to take it this seriously as, you know, all the top kind of bodybuilder guys? No. Not working out doesn't have to be your thing, but it definitely should be one of your things, you know. You don't have to be a die hard, freaking gym rat, to enjoy getting an occasional pump and elevating your heart rate on a cardio machine at least a couple of times a week. Because it really will just do you good. And we all know this, too. Like the basics of working out, really the basics of anything. Everybody knows, like how do you, how do you get bigger? Well, well, you lift weights. Well, should you lift them harder? Should you just do like a a couple easy sets? Now, you should probably push yourself pretty hard if you aren't real results. We all know it. It's just that it's like the fact of nature. We all know this. All right. Well, let's say you want to get a little leaner. You want to look like you're in shape, too. You're not even for a mind-backer build. You're aiming for more of like, uh, you know, more of a sprig, kind of, hybrid athlete. Like you're one of the guys who wants to be able to say he can run a form in a mile and squat for 15. All right. Well, you might be a little on the softer side. Maybe up upwards of the 20% body fat range. You might have a couple of forearm veins, but abs, you get some, you get some stuff to work on. How are you going to get rid of it? Well, I'll probably stop you so much, you know, treats and sweetened stuff, starting a little bit more, less sugary foods, just eggs and proteins and broccoli and cauliflower and rice and stuff, you know, keep it a little more simple. Yeah, that shit would work, man. We all know the basics and same thing with the cardio. What's, uh, how do you do your cardio? You know, you don't have to put a big, uh, you don't have to put a sweat suit on with a towel or an egg and throwing your converse like rocky running up the steps in, crap. Is it Philadelphia? Is it Pennsylvania? I feel like it's filling. Crap. Fake rocky fan. I don't even remember. Well, you do it. You don't have to do that. Roll up onto any cardio machine or just, you know, go for like a three mile is walk. That's going to count, too. You know, or, you know, hit your steps. Some guys really love talking about getting your steps and even like pretty, pretty hard core, you know, bodybuilder dudes who have really good control over their cardio or over their, uh, like over their body fat percentage. These guys are always preaching just, you know, make sure I hit my 20th something or 15, thousand steps per day. I don't really know how many. Like, yeah, it's, we all know the basics. So the information is all there, especially with all these YouTube videos. Like, I don't, um, I like to think I'm putting out some good advice relative to all sorts of everything, like if I'm talking about the cardio, cover the screens so you don't have to watch the time so that it goes by faster. I didn't do that today because I didn't have, um, I didn't have like a clipboard or anything in there, but I probably should have, I just wanted to see it like tick on the video. And then, you know, just ease into it. Like, that's sort of stuff. But like, I'm not making, these aren't like tutorials, but there's a ton of like instructional style videos really simply laid out like infographics, whiteboard style stuff. Like, okay, how many times should you work out per week? How many minutes of cardio should you do per day? What even is muscle growth? Like, how do you explain? Like, all the videos where it's like, how does training grow muscle? Like, there is such a fast amount of information out there that if you just spent like 30 or so minutes every couple of days and watched a few of those videos actively, like you didn't just hit play and then go do the dishes or something like you're really watching it. You can get, I'd say, what, maybe 70% of the knowledge necessary to really get into work now. And that other 30% isn't even like info you can really read. It's just stuff that you sort of get a grasp of by doing it. So, as much as, uh, as much as it's going to make you feel better. It's going to try to watch a bunch of videos and instructional whatever is on like, okay, how do I do this? What should I do this? And this, your best bet is really just jumping with both feet and try to get after, you know, like, what are you supposed to do? Watch a million, like, to how to do an R-morecat videos and then just never do one or say, okay, whatever, let's go try this. You know, follow your older brother to the gym, asking what to do, go for it. It's, uh, if you get to start somewhere, I mean, that's sort of the, that's sort of something that takes a little bit of probably a little bit of humbleness to be able to say, but it's like, I definitely don't know everything about my training. My training routine is not perfect. I'm trying to, like, constantly improve and make little adjustments every, uh, like, every so often and improve it over time. But especially in the beginning, I mean, I was doing, I was doing, I was doing a way too much. No cardio, but also, it wasn't really, uh, I wasn't really in dire need of cardio in the beginning of my work now because I was also doing diving at the time too. So I'd have a whole diving practice and then I would do my workout after or out of workout and then so I was getting some extra curricular activities going on, swimming around like that. So I think it was hitting my cardio. Like, if you play sports or something, you play soccer and you're working out, that's going to like that counts as a cardio for sure. You're good. But it's what I'm, uh, what I'm getting at is, you're just not going to know everything in the beginning. And nobody who starts anything does, it's something that you just build and learn and improve and gain experience from over time. And then before you know it, you know, you can be talking to somebody you've never met before at the gym who's like, for whatever reason you wanted to ask him something about this. And then now, like, he's one of your best friends and the only reason was because you're like, huh, never seen somebody do a try-sept extension where they put de-handles up to the grooves of the easy bar. That's kind of interesting. I'm doing try-septs. Hey, can I work in with you? Did you come up with that, sir? Nice. Awesome freaking story. That sort of stuff is sweet. But all that's to say is like, as much preparation as you can try to do, nothing's going to be just going for it. You know, so try to have a little bit of a little bit of disconnect from any potential negative thoughts. So like, okay, what, well, oh, they're going to know I'm up again. I've never worked out before. Don't even treat it sweat. There's, uh, any kind of barrier to entry or stigma about like, you're a beginner. Like, really? You know, getting people are on the hunt for the beginner lifter, not even. I say, if you've got that plan of fitness membership tab open or if you know somebody who does enter your freaking credit card info ASAP or be a little sneaky with it with the plan of fitness at least, you can use like a fake email and it'll give you like a free day pass. I'm, you know, maybe don't do that every day. They might start to catch onto you. But it's like, okay, I want to try it. I want to go to the plan of fitness next to my, you know, in my city or whatever. Plan of fitness day pass. I think you just enter the location and then you can put your email into it. Bo me a little QR code. You just walk in like nothing. Be, and that could be day one. That could be day one for millions. But who's to say? Either way, I'm sweaty. I didn't end up doing the sauna because I forgot that closed early. So I'll still go home. Run a bath, finish Scarface. Have a postwork at meal of some ground beef with some sugar-free barbecue sauce and then try to go to bed early. I've been doing the melatonin again. I get these 12-milligrams, strawberry, chewables, fast acting. I, yeah, I'm definitely sleeping a little easier now. I'm having a crazy dreams though, like real, real extra vivid. I feel like I'm going to get a couple of melatonins causing that. But either way, good day of cardio. So that will mean back days actually tomorrow. Yeah, there we go. So I guess I'll see you for what I hope to be a grainy, viny, in sayiny, back day on that day, 92 of this dieting phase. Finally, ask the three month mark. But I will see them.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 92 - Back [5MVUMMz-3Tc].txt ===

I have a particular item that I need to get into my inventory and that's a set of winter gloves, which I currently do not have going gloveless and sucks, especially walking the trash out. I feel like my fingers are going to fall off, but they're getting cold. They're getting cold, you gotta keep your outer extremities insulated. But apart from that, I can handle a little chilliness. This is, uh, at least feels more festive when there's snow on the ground. When it's just cold and gray, that can suck. But if it's cold and snowy, it's a little more jolly, you know. But either way, playing for tonight's lift back, I'm excited for it. Not because I'm going to somehow have the most intense set in the world that I've ever done, or I'm going to be the most physically pumped I've ever been. But I'm just going to take in one more step towards the goals I'm trying to achieve, plus every lift, I'm a little bit leaner than I was the last time. So I'm kind of excited to see how my back is going to look today. But I'm doing a full-dave eating as well. So that's, I'll do a little double upload for the day that this video gets out. I'm trying to make it a little more concise to sometimes I let the full-dave eating go on for like two hours. It's too long, at least, you know, for everybody. So I'll try to limit that to like 25 minutes or something. But yeah, so I'll play it for back after having eaten about 100 grams of protein, 30 something in it's your carbs and only like 10 or 15 of fats. Well, do some pullovers, do some rows, do some pull downs, and then before I know it, my back's going to be fully pumped. So I get this comment reasonably frequently enough that it actually warrants attention. How should my training change if I'm trying to bulk up versus when I'm trying to cut down? And I think the reason that that even becomes a question is, there's a lot of the meta of working out or like descriptive terms of what working out even is, is very like convoluted and strange to anybody who's not really into it. Because everybody's going to say like, oh, you do crunches and it burns the body fat on your abs or you do these movements so that you look toned. Oh, I don't want that blocky look. I want to look more like, you know, this that or the other. Like it's it's just kind of a weird way to think about it. But if you boil it down, you know, how I feel about the matter and not how I feel but what I think the situation is based on everything I know is the whole point of the workout, be it bulking up or cutting down is purely to stimulate whatever muscle you're hitting. Usually a good rule of thumb is hit every muscle group twice per week. Right now I've been on a kick of doing everything twice every eight days because I do legs just back arms and then legs again. So every four days I hit everything. So twice every eight days just about twice a week. But so stimulate whatever muscle you're hitting twice a week. As hard as you can given your current state, you know. So if I'm only eating a freaking hundred grams of carbs every day and I'm not completely full of everything else in my recovery is a little bit inhibited then I might end up toning back on the volume. But not even like actively, I'm simply going to be like fatigued and like feel subjectively done with the workout earlier because I don't have the same endurance that I do when I'm eating like ten times as many carbs and like three times as many fats as I am. You know, when I've got more energy in my system. So it's like I'm doing as many sets as necessary to reach a state of fully pumped and fully stimulated slash fatigued. So what changes? I'm not going to go as heavy of course but that's just common sense, you know, lift within weights that are within reason for your current state. So if I'm fully bulked extra big extra strong, I might be more inclined to throw the stack around a more movements because that's going to feel like a reasonable working weight. And then in terms of muscular growth, I'm definitely trying to leverage progressive overload to get bigger and stronger throughout a bulking phase. But you know, guiding down, I don't want to use weights that might be a little more within reason that I can feel obviously not hurt myself doing and then, you know, still finish with a good pump and keep my effort level pretty high. I mean, I'm not going to sit here and do 30 sets of like junk volume, you know, the approaches basically the same. But there are little details. So if you're dieting down, maybe don't lift the most weight you've ever done on incline bench. Maybe don't try to do like a million sets of extra kind of volume. But the same thing to be said about bulking up, you know, what I'm really concerned with is making sure my efforts there. My pump is solid and then really staying hipes and frigging an opponent. We're not even motivated just excited about the lift. But that's true on any given day during any bulking, maintaining or dieting phase. You know, so when I talk about like really making sure I get extra pumps, that's not only my actions in the gym. I'm talking about how to the gym at home. You know, if I didn't drink as much water as I did today, if I didn't have as many electrolytes as I did or get as much rest as I did, then my pump in the gym is going to suffer. So it's not like physically getting pumped is the cause of stimulus and this causing your muscles to grow. But if you had a really wild pump, odds are everything was in order for you to have a good lift that's going to result in more progress. You know, so if you were as well hydrated as you've ever been, as well rest it as you've ever been and you have a pretty solid workout, you know, a whole new crowd, everything's clicking. Yeah, that shouldn't be a surprise, you know. So that's where the guys who put a bit more effort into their out of gym activities and sort of schedule and make sure that things kind of align, then I mean, who's going to have a better lift, the guy who drank four liters of water so far today, got eight hours of sleep and, you know, is ready and feels good. Or the guy who got four hours of sleep, drink maybe a liter of water, maybe in his overall just slightly dehydrated, totally didn't have any extra electrolytes. And then his, you know, feeling a little groggy for the lift, right? Sure, you take your pre-work out, whatever you get a bit more, you're going to like, temporary energy. But I think we know the answer to who's going to get better results in the long run. So, don't just think that the gym is where all the effort is made, right? Outside of the gym, you got to have that support structure so that when you're actually roll up, you don't feel like shit and you actually, you know, are excited to do what you're there for. Working out sucks, if it feels like work, if you think enough sleep, if you're not well hydrated, you're just overall like in a state of fatigue and stress, then yeah, I mean, what are the odds that you're going to keep working out every day, you know, doing anything pretty low. But if you get everything else in order and you just feel better in general, then, you know, pushing yourself hard in the gym will feel good. So, it's not necessarily a question of a community. How I am to do hyped and locking, how I get it's like dude, go to bed earlier. That's going to boost your freaking lift progress more than any TikTok edit ever could. So, that's a, that's a, that's a talk for me there. Pull down, pull over, and rose, and then within an hour or so from right now, Ish, give her take to putting on traffic. I'm sure I'm going to be looking at a rather freaky back pump in the mirror. So, how about we, how about we just get that started? I have a plan. I actually have formulated a little bit of a plan for this lift. Because there's a seat at the row right here, but it's one of the ones, oh, actually what I'm even doing, let's just point out it. It's one of the ones that's like that handle is very far away from where I would usually be. I want to actually do in the reps, but I put that yoga pad on to it. So, I can kind of like push against my shins instead of my feet, because for me to load up a reasonable amount of weight, and then basically hunch away over here, pull it all the way back, and then starting in the reps are just kind of sucks. So, you said, don't use this row, but the yoga pad is my freaky and savior. But I don't want to go too heavy, right? So, I'm going to save this as more of a lighter squeezing movement for later, and start with some lat pre-exhaustion. So, I think I might sort of work my way up from lower lats starting here with the pullovers, up to mid back, and then kind of bounce around as such. But let's just get set number one moving. And these are going to be alternating 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, and so I'm totally burnt down. Oh, 10 reps might have been a little ambitious. That's good though. Let's run that back at least one more time. Yes, 10. Do not do it. Oh my gosh. Yeah, these are good. Definitely prefer the single arm pull over to double arm at once. I thought I could really just dig deeper during one at a time. But I think that's enough here. Let's move on. Let's do one set of shrugs before I move on to anything upper back focused. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Yeah. No. No. Okay. Woo. This is very manageable weight. Only 200 something pounds. Alright. No. No. No. No. Hmm. Hmm. No. No. No. No. No. No. Too heavy. Good set. Let me drop the weight. I only need one 50. Yeah. What am I doing to our two 10? Okay. Let's do some pull-outs. Stand or straight bar. So we got 210 big ones on the side. Okay. Okay. Let's do some pull-outs. Stand or straight bar. So we got 210 big ones on the stack. This will be a reasonably hefty set. But not beyond reason. This is probably upper-ish line of the amount of weight I'd want to use. But I totally got 10 good ones and at least a couple of nasty impartials. Nasty in a good way. If I can pair with a good song. Okay. Okay. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Okay. I think I'm ready for the last superset. Then back will be done. So I'll pre-exas with some neutral grip pull-ups. Just like eight or something as many as I can do just to burn out. And then pop a squad here with these two de-handles. And do some very squeeze-focused rows. And this combination of some lat-work and some upper-back work is especially like tandem back-to-back. Or I guess we have back-to-back. And it always doesn't mean good to finish off these back days. All right, you're mine. Okay. Nice. Okay. Let's get it. Oh, come on. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, okay. Back complete. Now time for some judgment underneath some harsh top-down lighting. All right. So that was, how many says was that? Pull over, pull over, shrug, row, pull down, pull down, pull down, and then superset it in. Eight sets. That's kind of about right. I've been bouncing around the eights to, uh, the sort of seven-eightish. I feel like it's been a while since the nine set lift. Oh, is it? That's right through some of these guys. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Barely even flexing, like, only using enough back to hold my torso up from lean and forward. That is getting to be some pretty serious, lat trap. Let's just do the pose and set it talking about. Oh, yeah. Oh, my goodness. That's a good one. We are definitely getting somewhere there. And cheese. I think this might actually be the leanest my back has ever been. Maybe leanest and biggest. Just front side-wise. I feel like I've had a leaner torso before and midsection. But this is like, I'll go on record. I think this is the freakiest my back has ever looked. You little, uh, little extra zoom here. Do one more of those little Christmas tree flexes. Oh, well, it would seem that the cardio is paying off. Now it's a slow process, but definitely appears to be working. Let's, uh, give it a little art action in here too. Oh, oh, I'm more. Oh, my gosh. So, I think that's all I got for freaking back pumped to S.H.I.T. I'm feeling carb depleted. And for you, I'm getting freaking jealous of you guys. Because after these lifts, you just get to jump straight to the car. I've still got 60 minutes of pedaling and treadmill activities to get done. But that's just the situation at hand. So, I got to really lock it in for these last month and a half or so. Because the dieting is a progressively more intense endeavor. But it also gives you like, what's the word I'm thinking of? Like, what's the opposite of diminishing returns? Because every pound of fat that you lose in a row, each pound turns into more of a percentage change of your leanness. So, if you take a guy who's 100 pounds of fat overweight, have him lose one pound, it's only made a 1% change in his visual leanness. But you take a guy who's got a 10 pounds of spare body fat. Take off one pound. Now he's 10% leaner. The problem is those last few pounds get trickier and trickier to lose. So, definitely not a passive activity. But I'll see you in the car. I'd say wish me luck, but it's not really a luck type situation. Just, well, I'll try to enjoy it as much as I can. I'd tell you what, hindsight is 2020. I should have brought a spare shirt. Because now this jacket is going to have to be laundered. Because that blue t-shirt I've got underneath, it is drenched. It is freaking drenched. Which is kind of weird, because like, some days I'll be extra sweaty from the cardio. And then other days not so much. Not exactly sure what changes. I mean, I feel like I come into each cardio session pretty well hydrated. So, I don't know. Maybe the fact that I did it back tonight really got my core temperature going crazy. Well, you're gonna hit me? Yeah. So, you know, who's to say? But either way, this morning I was, I might have bundled up a little bit too much. I did, was I do a double sweatpants or just single? No, I don't remember. Well, whether it was double or single, I did a sweater and a sweatshirt on the seated bike. And I, and 40 minutes seated bike, 20 minutes on the treadmill. And I could tell that was really starting to heat me up. The point where I could, I thought I might have been a little bit too much. But it feels good to get nice and sweaty like that. So, maybe tomorrow morning I'll do shorts and like a light nylon shirt. Be a little bit more, you know, air cooled. But, either way, I've been working my way through all the old gangster movies. Scarface and the good fellows and what else? You guys are good for all of us. The godfather. I started the godfather too, but I watched that like immediately after the godfather. I might have been a little bit godfather down, but I need some new shows to watch. Part of me is thinking that I should watch lost. My sister and my dad watched that back when back when she was on high school and they were younger. And I would kind of tune in like every so often and see how it was going. Some of the, I keep seeing some clips. Honestly, the shows that I pick, I'm really subject to the freaking hive mind. Because if I saw a bunch of TikTok edits talking about Dexter and then to maybe watch Dexter. And then I saw a bunch of suits at it and maybe watch suits. Yeah, I'm really, really a freaking deer in the machine there. But I am trying to make use of the amount of cardio I'm doing by consuming some more long, form media. Instead of just sitting in the scroller. Oh, which I will reiterate. The already open your settings, open your screen time. I'm not here to judge how many hours you've spent on Instagram, TikTok and YouTube collectively. But I will be a bit of an advocate that you could totally spend 30 minutes out of that time period. Doing the exact same thing, watching the same videos, just doing the same stuff, whilst getting a little bit of extra cardio. And it's definitely not, it's not the easiest thing in the world, but it's not that hard either. It's really just a, you gotta do it in type situation. But that was a good back day. Everything is really clicking. That, that seated row. And I think that it was, it's just, it's like a weird height. I don't really like seated rows at that angle. I kind of like the more classic like playing a fitness scene. Looking lower foot pad with the round dimples on it or whatever. That feels a little better. But those pull down's felt really good. The pullovers, I was really feeling part of me thinks I might, I might even make a little bit of a trip back to American barbell for my, for my next back day and do some pullover machines. Because a good pullover machine. Yeah, it's definitely a step above the single arm, the cable pullovers. The single arm cable pullovers are good. Like I like it, but a good pullover machine. It's kind of hard to compare. There was, I had a good one at my school's gym. I would, I'd always be doing some kind of self, not self, but that's, gets some assisted reps going over there. But, yeah, pullovers and the overhead trisept extension. Those are rare. Those are hard to come by. And of course, they're the machines that like feel the best for their respective muscle groups. But it's not always about the machines, you know, it's like whatever. I mean, I think I went maybe like eight months or so, peak COVID, just in the basement gym doing lifts, where I'll had was the dumbbells to 50. And I say, all I had, like, I was really stocked. I'm, I'm extra spoiled because my dad had some weight sets already. All I had to do was get, get like a $200 Amazon rack and kind of clean up the space. But dumbbells up to 50s, plus like a 65 pound set of the ones that screw together. 300 pounds of weight in the barbell. And then a Jerry Riggs a cable pull down. So I could try separate stations. Yeah. And then, yeah. That was some very interesting quad, pretty interesting leg training back then. I didn't really know what I was doing with the squat to get. That was like year two, issue year three. I don't know, I think year two, I'm not really worried about. So I would, I would take these like elastic belts like these nylon kind of braided, like just belts for your pants. And what I would do is I'd set the bench on an incline. Maybe 15 degrees, like the lowest incline it could do. And how would tie, I think I could do about a 30 pound dumbbell. I would tie a 30 pound dumbbell to my foot. And I would do just sets of leg extensions like that. Not a lot of stretch, but a really good squeeze on top. I see a lot of that at a, you know, like all the home gym videos. Sometimes they talk about the ankle attachment. Where it's this big plastic, sort of thing where you can attach it dumbbell to your foot like that. And honestly, it worked out pretty well. And then for hamstrings what I would do is I tie the elastic band to the, like, to my bed, because the bed was just like a wooden frame with these metal posts to hold it up. And I would just do leg curls, single leg with an elastic band. And I worked well enough, I mean given, I don't really have any other option. And we're free in perfect. I have some pretty free leg pumps back there. But all that's to say is, you know, just make use of what you got. And if you want it, like if you want to have good work, I can make it happen. I mean, I, I've gone on records saying this a couple times. There is not many spaces that you could put me in, where I couldn't within at least like a minute or two, come up with a way to get a pump in some way or another. Be it chest legs, hamstring biceps arms or whatever. I mean, you give me a gallon jug of milk. Maybe gallon jug of water, I don't want to froth up. But I can leave milk out of the fridge for that long. But let's say you give me gallon of water. I get an arm day. I get it. The bad ass arm day was just going to gallon the water for sure. Shoulders easy, just lateral raises. Chest would be a little trickier. You'd have to do some kind of funky, like, drag curls. I just need to see you where. There are types of situations, but, yeah, that's, I think that's a good quality for a lift or to have. But hopefully enough when I can have anything like that, any time soon. I do get a little nervous here in all these rumors about the, like, Chinese, whatever sort of virus, getting, whatever. But, we'll be right. Oh, 12 activity going on over there. Just mind your business, throw it. So, plan for tonight. I've got a pretty substantial amount of food. I still get to eat, which is very nice. I was very good about my diet today in terms of saving calories for later. So, now I get to have a pretty substantial postwork at meal and a pretty decently sized meal for right before bed. But, there's, there's like a balance that you have to have because if you wait too long to eat your first meal, like, if you try to just fast until four o'clock, then odds are you're going to push your hunger into this realm of, like, in sensibility. And then you're just going to want to eat everything in the same. You'll like eat a thousand calories in a few minutes and you'll still want to eat more. So, I'm kind of working on this balancing act of like, okay. I want to save my food for later in the day. But, I've got to eat something first so that I'm not totally dying after my workout or before I go to bed. Because, I can have, I mean, I could, I could die at 95% of the time perfectly. You know, it could be 9 o'clock. I've only, you know, 1,800 calories. I got a couple hundred calories left for a postwork at meal of sweet. This whole day is a success so far. And it would only, I mean, it would take me five minutes to completely overshoot my calorie goal by, I mean, I could slam 4,000 calories in 5 minutes at the end of the right food. I mean, it's up a bit in the jerry's, it's 1200. I could, I don't even, I don't even like thinking about it now because now I'm thinking about it. But, I'd say you could put me down for a strong 12 seconds on a tub of benning jerry's, depending on the flavor. You know, if it's got chunks, maybe put me in after 15, but if you're giving me just straight vanilla, yeah, that thing's gone at 12 seconds. And that's 1200 calories. That's double the amount of food almost that I've eaten all of today. So, you really do gotta be tricky about that stuff. You gotta be careful about that stuff. Because calories can, well, your machine may to survive. You can get calories in pretty freaking quick. And you're kind of fighting against my natural instincts right now trying to get leaner because my stomach and my brain is telling me, dude, you're hungry. You need eat something. You gotta, any food you can get your hands on, eat it. All right, I'm sorry, I can see food diet. You see it, napping. So I'm trying to fight against that sort of natural urge. But it's not that strong. You can overpower that sort of thing. Be as, keep it tough mind. If you're watching this at 11 and you're trying not to go to the pantry and just completely rate it, that's a thing. That's something I've been there. I've been there. I've grabbed yourself a Sprite Zero. Grab yourself a sugar-free gelo cup. Maybe mix it with 100 grams of frozen fruit. I've been doing that. A ton has been working out very well. Because I can have a full bowl of like just frozen fruit with gelo. Sugar-free, of course. The things 15 grams of carbs, but like it's a pretty substantial bowl. You know, so I always try to aim for that calorie smart option if you can. If you're really into the thick of it, if you're dieting face. But I think that pretty much covers me for back today. I'm getting pretty excited for arms tomorrow. And then I'm excited for the leg day after that and the chest day after that and the back day after that. The arm day after that and the leg day after that and definitely. So I will see you for arms.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 93 - Arms [PTTFz41G0XM].txt ===

Alright, this year I think we could all benefit from a pump now and ask questions later attitude. I really think that would be good for us, you know, because there's it's always, well should I do a long stretch focus three secondary centric plate loaded with a elastic band to help with a concentric five second preacher curl or should I do a and then insert, you know, another equally like length the explanation and set up of a movement when it's like let me tell you something pick up some dumbbells go crazy put them down when you're down and then just repeat. So I'm not trying to bash improving your training in no way am I trying to do that and I feel like I've been improving my training pretty consistently in kind of an exponential rate over the last like even just a year there's been a pretty massive change for me in terms of my execution and how my lifts look I mean I've got them all on freaking you know got them all on video like I'll go back and watch the way I've worked out even just last year and then I can go back even further two years ago it's very different and I think I'm better for now having made the changes that I made but so you can kind of get lost in the detail you know it's like I really think this is a good way to look at it you can get a sort of misconception that you're improving what you're doing by pinpointing and hyper fixating on the incorrect point of focus like you're missing the real point you know if somebody wanted to become or if you wanted to you know make somebody a better artist or a better painter you're not just going to suddenly double your painting skills by buying paint that's twice as sensitive if you're trying to um I mean it just it just doesn't freaking work like that you know it's just making use of what you do have and then improving your technique with it so the idea that giving or like the same guy a different workout and then suddenly that different workout will be magically 10% 15% 30% more effective than the other one it's you know you're missing sort of the whole point I'd be more concerned with the guy's intensity like when I watch anybody working out I'm not really thinking oh hmm he just did try to push down right after doing aerobic extensions really you're going to do two downward tricep extension movements in a row you're clearly working the same part of your triceps can you believe this guy or a schmuck know man if the guy's going crazy and I can tell that he's actually hitting legit failure then I'm going to look at that and think oh this guy's trying hard nice all right that's the bar I've been imagine boom do my set of whatever and feed off of that hype and intensity you know like it isn't um it's not just a going through the motion like do a set of this do a set of this do a set of this oh I'm doing everything perfectly right I need to go home it's all over done perfect it's much more subjective than and the idea of boiling down working out to like this just to you know a science for say it's you're kind of losing the human element because this training like working out really pushing yourself it's not a like relaxed and chill state of mind that you're putting yourself in you're really trying to kill it you're getting yourself excited ideally at least for me I mean I'm not the kind of guy to go to no music like I've got whatever kind of songs I'm listening to that I didn't really you know get me really hyped up and I'm getting into like a certain zone in my training where like yes obviously if I'm doing triceps I want to do some stretch focus work with overhead extension as well as some regular push dance stuff and go back and forth between some lighter sets and some heavier sets you know just make sure I get stimulus across the board on my triceps but to take it too much further than that and to you know take away from my energy and focus on just making sure that I really push it and then you know look at my oh my am I getting the perfect angle during this push down am I like I feel like you only got so much energy and sort of like mental capacity of thought at any given time or you know on any even day or whatever so I want to allocate a good chunk or at least a sufficient chunk of that towards making sure that each set is just taken to like a certain level of subjective intensity and I find that that's much more important than you know making sure that your form is absolutely perfectly correct or that you're executing these reps that they exact perfect tempo and it's a lot of the guys where they like they're trying to hype up that kind of training like trying to boil it down into I mean they're just trying to give good tips like they're trying to say how can you improve your training with the most up-to-date like different training methodologies like the basic idea is sweet yes obviously everybody wants more muscle I want to know how to train in a way that's going to make me more muscle of course like the the basic approach is sweet the the problem is a lot of arguments like that that I see especially in like Instagram comments or like threads or anything else it's always not motivated by okay let's try to come to the right answer you know name one time you ever seen a a diplomatic discussion about training in a comment section now this is just an argument the fact that it's about training is completely irrelevant you know these guys just want to come on to sort of any sort of platform they get on to just argue like some guys some people loved argue it's just the nature of things so I just hate that training gets it just doesn't get hyped up as much as I feel it should you know because what a workout is going to be better a 10 out of 10 set by set intensity of some guy really pushing himself doing eight sets of dumbbell curls let's say 10 reps of failure for eight sets on probably pyramiding down and wait there's the guy's going to get a little bit weaker every set or you know the guy who did seven different movements or you know five different movements or whatever but you know the intensity wasn't really there like he was kind of just going through the motions I would hope that it's obvious that the guy who is a killing with the simpler workout would make more progress than the guy scrapping around doing the science he would ever like making sure he does every perfect whatever and of course well just have that guy training is a really hard and do the fancy stuff yeah that I mean that's sweet too you know the problem is I just I don't usually see it as much you know but that's that's more of just a personal observation for me obviously I don't have these stats you know so if you're if it really gets you going to try to think about orienting your workouts by making sure that you're doing it the fancy was way possible and that gets you excited about your training then obviously do that I don't care it's whatever you've got to do to get yourself excited any after because the more lifts that you have that you can leave feeling proud of not in the sense of hitting specific numbers or doing specific new movements or anything else but just in the sense of I really pushed myself today and I know I didn't I'm not lying to myself that's what I want to clock those are the dashes that I want to be able to put on my sort of prison wall and if you're kind of counting the days, staffing or my guard these are all counting and these are all adding up so the basic sentiment of getting at there just get height man getting excited every set if you can really take and you don't have to be locked in you know huffing and puffing your entire workout but you know 15 seconds before each of your sets really take a moment get your music plan take a few breaths all right and then just make this shit happen you know and if you can do that long enough the results will show themselves I can guarantee but let's let's stop chatting I'm getting ready to get some music plan and get this arm day started myself nothing fancy for today looks to all of triceps and then move on switch gears do all a biceps then post that sometimes I get a little bit of like this itch to want to do back and forth just so I can finish arms with a complete pump but I don't think it's probably gonna really lock it it's just one style for every arm that make it a little repetitive so less than the stack but in a way I'll be able to feel and these are going to be slow and controlled rupus expectations reps huh Now this is a set that I do want to do nice and slow and really feel my triceps like gradually loosen loosen loosen and it squeeze again but later when we've on a dips my move a little quicker one more same way then let's do some seated dips I think that'll be a good transition yeah I have been doing the rope all wrong not recently I think I get the gess of the now but I used to do it like this like if you go back a year ago prior even probably less than you watch any arm day I would do I do the whole stack and I sit here and these ropes just look like this and I was it and I thought to feel my triceps but nothing like this slow full stretch squeeze I guess stretch and then a whole squeeze at the bottom the rope feels much better for me with that way but it's going to be some dipsmen change it up and these are going to be tempo wise very similar to the rope with the squeeze at the bottom and it's slow stretchinner there's your drop Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh. All right. One more. A little lighter than that first though. Two thirty and seven. Two ninety. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yeah. Let's go to some cable one. Some overhead. Easy bar extensions will be perfect. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Two. Two. Two. Okay. That feels okay. I think I'm going to finish with regular stop bush towns. Oh, you start to need some curls. So that's three sets of rope, two sets of dips, one set of these and seven sets. Good about what I'm aiming for. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Strap them straps. Start curls something. Let's start with some seated concentration curls combined with self assisted reps. And I can't recommend these enough because not only is this just a good movement. Sit as such kind of rest your arm against your leg is support and then just do some concentration curls. But taking a step above that and then once you hit basic failure, you know, you can only curl it to here. Giving yourself self assistance to the top letting go for an extra five. I mean, it's really, I don't think I'm exaggerating what I say it feels like the damage of two regular work in sets to failure in one when you add that intensifier. So by said volume like lower today starting this way or starting with these sets. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. What do you want like that? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. One more set after this one. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Oh my goodness. Yeah. Yeah. Let me work in. Let's give it some preacher curls. Easy bar style. There we go. Nothing too complicated. Let's just go crazy. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's moving. I know exactly what I want to finish with. That was good though. So, bias was very cut and dry. Techniquize. More stretch focus work with those concentration curls. I really do make a point of trying to make sure I completely like relax my bicep arms totally straight at the bottom of at least the first two of those sets. The third one I was getting a little mussely with it. I didn't really totally relax into this stretch position. But that was a bit more stretch focused. Those preachers kind of in between because at the top of every rep I was really having a good squeeze and a good stretch at the bottom. And then now with a bicep bias pull down, I'm going to just put it to like two pounds for sort of examples of sake. I'm not feeling much tension up here because the weight is like in line with biceps. Like I'm very strong up here. I can probably load like three stacks worth of weight and pull it down this much. Now I wouldn't be able to do that all the way down here in the squeeze position. So this movement kind of gets harder as the rep progresses. So a bit harder at the stretch. I don't know what I'm saying. The squeeze position. So honestly, one set of these plus I'm kind of going to give myself self assistance as the set progresses. Because if I'm about to fail like bicep twice, I can still use my lats a little to help myself. I'm trying not to but at the end of the set I will get some latt activation. Put in the process. I'm telling him to thrash my biceps. And then I am pretty much ready for the post down. Alright. This is essentially the finishing touches in my mind. Let's do it. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh, okay. Oh, I gotta see. Arms complete. I was just finding some light. Alright. Now particularly packed in here right now. So I don't mind hogging some mere space for a little post down here. But honestly, I feel really good. I mean, for the amount of food that have eaten the last couple of days. Because I've kind of just hit a little bit of a calorie drop. If I want to maintain my sort of current rate of fat loss. I feel, dude, I feel as pumped as if I just ate a freaking million grams of carbs. Now part of that might just be biceps specifically. But look. I am not complaining. So let's run through some farm poses. Oh, wait. There you go. Oh, my goodness. Well, that's cool for me. The reason why I'm not a veins super sharp. I mean, just super freaking pumped. Especially my left arm. Like, I'm seeing this sort of bicep vein thicker than I ever see it. Let me do a little breath hold. I really jump it out. Oh, my goodness. Yeah. I've never seen that that pronounced. And I've still got like six more weeks of, well, all this freaking deficit cardio and everything else. Only freakier pumps, like, beyond. Well, let's get out of here. Stop taking up everybody's space. I got cardio to do though. 30 minutes of post cardio. No, I don't want to talk about it. 30 minutes of post lift cardio done. Not my full hour. Don't fret though. I'll simply do that a little bit later in the evening. Because I could kind of tell, since I lifted earlier, this car, I mean, this lift was just closer to when I normally do my morning cardio than I probably would have, well, not closer than I would like, but just closer than I've been doing. So rather than, you know, to leave the lawn and charm of my physical activities before 230, which it is the time now, I'll save a little bit of that cardio for later spread it out evenly across the day. So that means I got a little trip to my apartment gym later for 30 minutes on the seat of bike. Which really fits into, I would say 90% of anybody's schedule. Because this would be the last time I say this for a little bit. She's kind of repeating myself. But I can guarantee if you look at your screen time when you're phone. And I'm the same. We have a crazy amount of time. Just being wasted, right? You're just scrolling, you know, you're just chilling very passively. You're either watching a show or whatever. You can add cardio to the mix and it really doesn't feel like you're doing that much. Because the cardio is mindless. The workout itself, I'm not really the type of guy to have like a podcast going and like a show playing. Maybe if I'm doing more accessory work, like if I'm done with legs, hamstrings and quads, and now I'm doing eight sets of adductors, that's a little different because I'm just kind of going through the motion. Going through the motion of activating my adductors. I'm not doing like failure forced reps of the ad duct machine. So that's a little bit different. But with the cardio, I don't need to sit there and get myself amped up to Metallica. To do 30 minutes or an hour on the C2 bike. Really, I'm trying to do it just to strike myself from the fact that I'm doing the cardio. By sitting around and for me what gets me going the most has been having like a YouTube video or music plan. And then just spamming some some clash royale or like balloons tower defense. Like games that are just slightly, not slightly. They're just, they're mentally like stimulating enough where I'm engaged. And I'm not even thinking about the fact that I've been sitting here. I've had all my legs around for the last 45 minutes. And I'm going to do it for another 15. That's what I found the trick to be with my cardio. And if that's not your thing, the game I've had to do, just place some basketball. If you're sitting around the court, and not even, I want to say it's sitting around. If you're running around the court for real with like a crew, like you guys are actually playing like a 30 minute game. And you have like a little apple watch, or one of the garments or something to track your heart rate. And your heart rate is elevated, like you're basically averaging 130 that whole time. That counts as cardio. That is physical activity raising your heart rate above baseline. That's sick too, man. So if you're still doing any kind of sports or anything, and you've got kind of a balance between your sports and your work and out, then odds are whatever your practice is depending on what you're doing, that's going to count as your cardio. It really is just 30 minutes of being active apart from your workout. At least for anybody who's a lifter. Now for anybody who isn't really into any of it at all, then 30 minutes of just working out is already a big boost from zero. And then you add 30 minutes of cardio on top of that. I mean, look, I'm not particularly political, but the one hour of play, a little bit more kid targeted back in. What was that? 20, was that 2012? Ish, 20, 2010 or something back when I was at school? That we're getting on the right track. That's what we should be seeing more of, you know, and it could be anything. I mean, I'm honestly having a sort of a community center like that with the YMCA. Things like that, or I guess if you've got a really beefy gym, like one of the ones where it has a pool and a basketball court attached, that's pretty cool too. But it's like, you could really do anything. It's a little bit too cold, but if it were summer time right now, then instead of coming to the gym to do this cardio, I would just probably hop onto my bike, put a little phone mount, go back to my high school summer days, and just bike around playing Pokemon Go. Now, it wouldn't be as intense as I really just sit down in the cardio bike, handling at the same level of difficulties when I might go for a little longer. But really all I'm trying to say is the benefits that you get from increased cardiovascular activity on a consistent basis are really under-essual. Under-estimate. I cannot overstate that. But either way, my lift is down, I all have the little more cardio later. Now, I just get to go home and have a awesome postwork at Neil of Ground Turkey and Brock Lesle, Colourflower steamed. I know a lot of calories to be consumed, but I just realized I'm not exactly sure how long it's been since I've had a crisper and it's been a good time to be creamed down at. That's kind of the crumble doesn't really do with for me, the crisper-cream variety, six pack. That's my crumple cookie sort of box, that's my equivalent. And it has been quite a while. I almost said, I forget what it tastes like, you don't forget that kind of thing. But I could think about, I could win, and exchange for leanness, I can delay my crisper-cream intake for a bit longer. Maybe not for, maybe not infinitely long, but for the level of leanness in the time frame of my main and four, I can make it happen, I can save that for later. I'd say something, you'll be the first to know whenever I, whenever the six pack is added to my grocery cart. But that's all I got for arms. I'm going to make sure I get a good night's rest for a leg day tomorrow. Hopefully see some new striations, veins, and everything in between. And then just keep repeating these days until we get to the level of leanness that I'm really aim at for. So, until I'm in, I'll see you for legs tomorrow.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 94 - Legs [GEVU6_4uwQU].txt ===

Alright, so this isn't gonna be a rambly car talk. I've actually got a pretty cohesive idea that I think we can have a bit of a discussion about on the way the legs today. And what that is is in relation to dieting. You know, as much as as much value as there is to knowing the rules, come on. That's not what we really care about. We care about how much can we get away with breaking them. You know, so okay, you know, I want to get lean obviously. If I ate only, you know, 250 grams of protein worth of chicken and let's say four ounces of broccoli, every meal, even lean throughout the day. I can guarantee how to get lean. I would lose body fat because I'd be in a deficit for sure. I mean, I could count the macros but like, why bother? You know, if you knew that you were only eating half a pound of plain turkey breast in four ounces of broccoli five times a day, not only can I guarantee you're gonna know that's not gonna be enough food to make you fill up if you try doing that. Yeah, you are going to feel hungry for sure. But that's not realistic, you know, that's not how we roll. We're not just a computer going through a process because there's the subjective side of just being where you get some pretty damn strong evolutionary needs to eat. Your body is telling you, eat some food, man. You were starving. So how do you get around that? And not only that, you know, in the context of like, all right, well, let's spice things up, bust out the fat free cheese, bust out the low sugar, barbecue sauce, bust out like a diet soda, little things like that is just, you know, basic dieting tricks. There's also, okay, look, I've been, I'm interested in this dieting thing, but what happens if I want to go crazy? You know, what happens if one day I want to say screw it? I don't want to count my calories. I just want to eat, I don't even want to think about it. I'm gonna eat as much as I'm hungry for. Frankly, I'm gonna eat till I feel sick. How many times can I do that? And I think there's an answer for you. So over the course of this, so far, two and a half month dieting phase, I think, because I'm at now actually three months. So now I'm at, um, now I'm at day 93. I've been easing my way down. So the first month really I was just eating when I was hungry, because I was coming off of a Bolton phase where I was eating a ton of food, basically forced eating, you know, eating more food than I was really hungry for. So for me to suddenly stop forcing food, now I'm eating less. So the first month, pretty easy. I tracked everything. And after those first kind of three, four weeks or so, I was averaging about 3300 calories. I was doing 30 minutes of cardio in the morning. And that was about, you know, what I was doing on average to bring me down from like a peak bulk to weight of like 260, and immediately drop 10 pounds of carbs in water, and then steadily get down to like a 260 or like a 255, 253-ish. But after that immediate weight drop, now eating 3300 calories a day and doing 30 minutes of cardio a day, that wasn't enough to keep losing weight. That was now my new maintenance for that weight of like 255. So over the course of the next four weeks, I had to decrease my food intake. I had to drop it from that 3300 down to like 3000. Make that my new max, then a little lower, even down to like, you know, 2600. And that was over the course of like that second to, you know, halfway through the third-ish month. And then now I've reached the point where I got to hit about 1900, 2000 calories, and then do two hours of cardio a day and hour in the morning, and then an hour post workout, consistently if I want to keep getting leaner, because over the course of a dieting phase, what's going to happen is your body is always constantly trying to adjust to whatever amount of food that you're eating. Like if I was somehow locked up per se, and only given 2000 calories to eat every day, eventually I would lose enough weight, and then stay a certain weight because now 2000 calories is just how much food I need to stay that same size, right? And eventually my body would adapt to it. So if I want to continue losing weight, I'm going to have to decrease that over time. And it's a slow process, but here I've got a, I've got a little picture of just going from the end of October to the beginning of January. This is, that's a pretty substantial difference. Like looking at that, you, I mean, like that's definitely bolt, and that's definitely cut, right? But on a day by day basis, I, I won't even notice any difference. Like it's very subtle. It really doesn't change that much. So that's where the, the problem is sometimes, you know, not seeing any results on a day by day basis. It can be a little bit demotivated. But what I'm trying to get at is every day that I stuck to a calorie deficit, made sure I didn't, you know, go too crazy. I ate that number, whether it was 2600 or 3000 or now can all do it at like 2000 or so. If I hit whatever that number is, and I stay on my deficit, then every day, slowly, I'm going to burn through some of my spare energy stores in my body, my body fat, right? So if I'm trying to, you know, run a marathon, or I don't know, it, I really get, you know, it's kind of hard analogy to make because it's like a long term thing. But let's say, every day I need to walk three miles, you know, I'm doing like a slow track or something. I'm going cross country, you know, every day I got to make it three miles, and then at the end of it, I need to reach my goal, which, let's say, it's to go 50 miles. And that could be, let's just relate that to it. I'm trying to lose 20 pounds of body fat, right? So every day I'm burning through, you know, over the course of four months, what is that like, whatever, let's say, point one pound's a body fat, every day. So every day that I stick to my deficit, do my cardio, and don't over eat, I'm going to take a little step for their close and my goal, and burn that point one pound a body fat, which is completely negligible on day by day basis, but over time, we'll begin to seriously add up. So what I'm getting that in terms of, okay, just how strict do you have to be, you have a little bit of wiggle room, that's for sure, because cheating on your diet over eating like crazy is essentially halting that progress and halting that fat loss, because the whole point of, you know, dieting at all is limiting the amount of food and energy that goes into your mouth, right? Food, and then making your body use energy that it's starting to get stored up, like your body fat, as energy, just keep yourself running as a machine. So if you eat a crazy amount, let's say you've dieted down, you've lost 10 pounds, it's been, or let's say you've only lost five pounds, but just still pretty substantial, and you do that in two months, and you've been steadily declining, you've been good, you've been locked in, you've been hitting those numbers, and not over anything. If you had a day where you just said, I don't want to count any calories today, I just lost five pounds over the last two months, let's just go nuts today. I don't think you could ruin it. You could not ruin your progress in one day, unless you ate like a million freaking calories, but you could even eat five thousand, like a total splurge day and say, oh my god, Jesus, I wouldn't freaking nuts. As long as that was enough to get it out of your system, and then for the following subsequent month, you've got back onto that calorie deficit, and you stayed under those numbers, then you'd be good. In terms of your morning weight, that would just be a little blip, and then you'd get back to your progress. But the problem is, you don't get a lot of those. You don't get a lot of get out of jail free cards with a diet. You can have maybe one totally go nuts eat as much food as you want day. Oh, probably every eight weeks. Like if you're really into a legit calorie deficit, you're losing about one pound of body fat per week, I'd say you're good for once every two months, you can really say, I don't even want to think about it today. I want to eat whatever I want. I'm going to Caines, I'm going to crumble, I'm getting some sheets spicy chicken sandwiches with all the fixens, like I'm eating today. I'd say you probably got one of those every eight months, so it's not something you can really cheat too bad. Most of the tricks that actually end up working for me, but aren't like, okay, how many more good days kind of have before have a crazy day? It's more so trying to fit in calorie smart treats on a day-by-day basis. When you're at the store, stop by the dieting section of things, with all the protein powder, the vitamins, and get a couple of look around for some of the quest bars, the protein cookies, or little things like that, where the macros aren't insane. It still has like 14 grams of fat, like 10 grams of carbs, with 20 grams of what is way isilet, so it's not like trash protein. I probably wouldn't recommend you only eat like 10 of those every day, as your protein source, but once every so often, it's still fine. So I'm working turn to make ensure every day, I have some treats like that that are just cohesive with my dieting goals. Because if I do that, then I don't develop that urge to totally go nuts, and have it insane, cheap day, where I just have to eat everything in freaking sight. So for every time that I eat a bowl of scrambled egg whites, with like a chop salad, and the fat free cheese, the barbecue sauce, or like plain ground turkey, or plain ground chicken, or plain ground beef, with any sort of like diet-friendly, like sugar-free teriyaki, or sugar-free whatever. That's usually coupled with on the side, like a little bowl of frozen berries, with some like sugar-free chocolate syrup on top, or, I mean, just like a straight diet soda, to sip on to kind of get a little bit of a sweetness kick. Like doing that consistently, for me, at least works. And that's not something which I suddenly knew out of the gate. It's just, you know, something I've kind of been practicing with. So before you can get to the point where you're really good at, you know, intuitively eating and tracking your macros and everything else, or like knowing what macros you need to eat on specific days, then that's why I would just recommend, get a macro tracker, you know, maybe look up an online, look up a YouTube video, like how to count my calories, or how to calculate my count, like look up calorie counting for muscle growth. There's a million, like, multi, well, maybe a million, there's at least a solid handful, like multi-milion, like high-production, very easily digestible videos. Talk to them at Count Your Protein, Count Your Calories, Count Your Cardio. Everything else along those lines that are going to come into play with your body fat goals, or your body fat loss goals. And then, just try to practice it. For just one day, try to count all the calories that you ate. Don't even limit it. Like don't even try to be extra good because you're counting, you know, because, oh, I'm watching myself now, Count, I'm like, can't have any treats now. Like, just every time you grab a little, like, handful of skittles or handful, like, pretzels or something out of the fridge, or out of the pantry, if you have a food scale even better, that'll make that process a lot easier. Just try to count everything. You know, just try to track all those macros, and then, before you know it, you'll start to have a little bit of a sixth sense, you know? I always reference it like I can, like, I took the red pill, you know? Now, instead of just looking at a plain meal or a handful of candy or anything, I have a pretty good estimation of just how many fat scarves and proteins are in all this food. And it's not like a magic sort of trick or anything. It's just practice, you know? So now, if you've fed me, if you handed me, like, a quarter pound burger from restaurant, I can look at the bun, I can look at how much manny is on it. I can sort of tell just looking at, like, the grease in the sever, but in the size of the fries and whatever kind of, you know, like hamburger sauce is in a little dish as like a dip or whatever. I've got a pretty good estimation of, okay? A little bit on the greasy side, plus the mayo. Yeah, I mean, that's 40 grams of fat right there for sure. And that's a pretty thick bun with the potatoes, with those fries. And you're talking 100 grams of carbs and that's plate. And then, look, like, there looks like they kind of skimmed me. That's definitely less than a quarter pounder. I really don't know what's like 20 grams of protein. You know, or you're just something along those lines. To the point where I'm kind of surprised, nobody's done the A, what's the, what's the, what's the price, like the calories are right, like a price is right kind of remake, where you put lifters in front of like ran and plates of meals. And you make them guess the exact macro content, like fat's proteins, carbs, of what they're looking at. But all that's to say is the root skill, which you're going to build from, that's going to make all this dieting much easier to grasp and to implement for you, is going to be that tracking. Because if you don't have those numbers and you're not really knowing how much food is even, you know, being consumed for you for the whole day, then you're flying blind, you know? So when you couple that with tracking, you're morning, weight, every morning, especially if you write it down and you're really track everything, I'll go through periods where I enter all my morning weights into like Google sheets and stuff. I haven't really done it for a little while. I should probably get back onto it. But you know, I know, okay, crap man, I've been 233, you know, 233, 233.5, 234 for the last week, crap. I got to step it up man, so that means a better decrease the calorie intake, you know, and then sort of adjust from there. But that's all I got to say about that. So plan for the lift with legs, hamstrings, quads, adductors, calves, the usual. So we'll just kind of explain that as we go. I had some decent legs starting with cable RdLs two like days ago, so let's just maintain that approach. And this is like, like, this is, in the scheme of things, this is a light squeezing set. Like instead of starting with a skull crusher, I'm starting with a light roping extension. At least, you know, the hamstring. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, we got a can. Oh. Oh. Yeah. Let's just do a few more of those. Very different feeling than a hamstring could have us for sure. So as much as I love hamstring curls, you probably miss an out of for not having any hip hinge in hamstring focus working your lifts. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yeah. If it's a good one, I'm going to need one more set of freaking slaying curls. I don't know. I meant sea curls. So let's try to make this one nice. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, my gosh. I think that's enough. Yeah. Those freaking arty else did more damage than I expected. Like that. Alternating. Five, five, five, five, five, five, five. And then, let's go from there. There we go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. Let's try double it, set next. Same basic approach though. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, gosh. That's a big free. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, you're happy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my gosh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. is only getting more and more freaking defined. And honestly, looking at them, whoa, that's some new calf veins I've never seen before. I get this. Well, oh, all that's to say is I think quads are coming along reasonably nicely. But honestly, looking at them pumped isn't really the best representation right now. Because all the really cool shit is when they're un pumped and the gaps and lines and little feathering and muscular detail is a bit more parent. And that's usually, you know, pre-morting cardio. But for you, let's get in the car. For me, I'm headed back up. I'm going to camp out of the Andorchum machine and see the calf veins. Listen, it's a music, listen, whatever. And I'll see you in the camera. There we go. Legs complete more than reasonably pumped. Now all I get to go do is chill. Really, my primary objective is actually lack of action, lack of eating, which is actually harder than you might think. I've kind of been bouncing between thinking if it's easier for me to bulk up or cut down. And that is a pretty, very spectrum because for, I would say, probably the majority. It definitely leans towards, it's a little easier to bulk up. It's easier to put down a ton of food and just, you know, keep scarfing it. That's kind of what we're wired for. But for some, bulk it up, it's pretty tricky. You know, like actually eating more than you have an appetite for it. It just makes you feel sick, you know? So that's one part of lifting in terms of the genetic side of things. Or potentially you're just upbringing where sometimes it's, maybe not unfair but unbalanced. You know, because some dude can, you know, come work out pretty consistently and then have a super crazy low appetite compared to the next guy. And then he's going to be walking around lean 24 or 3.7 as if he were actually, like, constantly dieting. Because for him, like, that's just kind of his baseline state. Like, he doesn't really have a huge urge pushing him to eat more food, you know? And then for somebody else, a little bit of the heavier side of things, where, you know, it's just starting, you know, big meals, everything else. Or if you are raised to real kind of tough, like, finish your plate, whatever, whatever. You know, no, I'm no food psychologist, but, you know, for whatever reason, some guys have a harder time back and off. But in the fork down. And it's not something to be taken lightly because it is pretty freaking hard, you know? Like, if you really want to get strict about it, it's hard to just dip your toes into dieting one way or the other. Boking up, or cutting down. You really do have to kind of go full bore if you want to see those results. So, for anybody who has an easier time bulking up, you're going to be bigger, you're going to be stronger, but you're going to have a trick here time when it comes when lean season comes around. That is if you even want to, you know, get yourself leaner, not everybody really does. And then for anybody who's a little bit on the skin of your side, at least in terms of body fat, I'm going to talk in musculature. And then for them, hey man, you know, from outside perspective, people are going to think, oh, dude, you're so freaking spoiled man. You're always leaner around, but, you know, some guys are walking around like 160 pretty lean, like musculer, like I would say pretty impressive and good looking. For them, you know, it's a little bit harder to beef up, so they've got their own set of problems. So it's not like, it's just something that you've got to be a little bit of a secure situation about, you know. So if you've got an easier time bulking up, you're going to have to put more effort into cutting down when that time comes around, and vice versa. But it's not a situation that's completely beyond your control. You know, it might feel like that, especially if you've never really gotten into good before. Like guys where they say, oh, I kind of crazy fast metabolism girl, I can't gain weight no matter how hard I try. If that guy ate enough food, then he would start gaining weight. You know, but it definitely feels like a monster's amount. So it's kind of just an exposure type situation. But if you can recognize your weaknesses like that, then it becomes a little bit easier, at least you've taken a good step towards trying to work on them, because identifying a problem is step one to actually solving it. So getting back to what I was saying for me, I'm kind of writing the middle. Like honestly, I've done it long enough, which gives me an advantage because I've had a lot of practice bulking up and cutting down. So I do have a bit of, I'd say, yeah, I mean, I would say a higher skill level at regulating my diet like that, just from having gone through the process. But I'd say when I was younger, I would lean towards obviously the easier to stay leaner side of things. But now I'm kind of writing the middle where, for the first few months of dieting, I'm like, the end dieting, so freaking easy. I got no problem doing this. I love it. And then towards the end, like, where I'm at now, this is definitely not a passive state that I'm in. Like this is requiring some pretty serious effort. And then vice versa. The first two months, or the first three months of this next bulking phase, that's going to come after this, is going to feel like butter. I'm going to say, oh, crap. I can eat so much food. This is great. I love it. But once it starts getting hard, that's what I'm going to say. All right. It's new, and I only have a thousand calories about it. I need a big meal, but I have a big lunch. So it's just something where you got to recognize the state that you're in. So that's kind of all I was getting out there. But five, oh six. Oh, good. I was about to say I'm getting ready for bed. I'm not exactly. But probably won't be in bad mood, getting trying to turn in early. Not like six o'clock, you know, seven year old man early, but earlier, frankly, I don't remember the last time I went to bed before nine o'clock, but I would not mind if that's how it tonight ends. Because the long-grams sleep in the less time that I'm, you know, sitting in the house, thinking about food to grow on. So postwork at meal. I'm probably looking at a bag of steamed broccoli with some melted fat free cheese on top. Some salt, low sugar barbecue sauce, paired with eight ounces of ground lean turkey. I think that, I don't think there's any fat in that meal. There might be like a gram or two spread across the whole thing, but pretty low. Because there's no fat in the broccoli. There's no fat in the fat free cheese. There's no fat in that barbecue sauce. And the lean ground turkey breasts, or, I guess, just lean ground turkey. I don't know what cut it is. That's like 99.1%. And when I cooked all that, I gave it a real good strain and it kind of a squish in between two layers of paper towels. So if there are any oils flowing around, I think I got most of them out. So, yeah. That's my, yeah, that's the plan for the rest of my night. And I already tell them that legs are freaking thrashed. I might be due for another freaking rest day kind of soon. And that doesn't really surprise me. I mean, in a state where I'm eating a ton of food, and I'm already kind of used to the daily training, then working out of the regular, especially in a bulking context, I mean, that's just part of the course for me. But now, getting into such a steep deficit with so much cardio, the stimulus of the actual lifts could be kind of overreaching to the point of, you know, gradually just increasing my fatigue day by day by day. So don't think I'm anti-resting. You know, when they're necessary, they are necessary. My, I just kind of lean towards the side of, maybe overdoing it just for the sake of making sure that I go far enough, because, you know, if I don't feel like I really need a rest day, I don't want to take a rest day. Now, maybe that's just a chip on my shoulder kind of thing, but just how I've been rolling ever since the day one. So I think that's all I got there. I have a chest day tomorrow. We're sure, really sure about... Oh, if I had to pick, and I usually say that I'm kind of, you know, impartial, because obviously all lifts are cool for their own reasons. But if I had to pick one, I do think chest is probably my favorite. Especially the, the pose down, the pump check afterward, because with a chest pump, just the whole process of doing a chest day, it sort of turns into a full on frontal torso pump. Because obviously chest is going crazy. Shoulders got a little bit of work from acting as sort of stabilizers for most of the movements, so they've got a little lecture blood flow. Doing any kind of fly-based movement, put some tension on my biceps, so they get a little bit of work as well. And then any pressing movement, you know, I guess if you were a serious, you know, mind muscle control, or mind muscle connection like Buddhists, and you could do a chest day with no tricep activation. But I'm not at that level yet, so my triceps get a little bit of extra blood flow too. So at the end of a chest day, especially in like a crab style, most muscular with all my cheese. Well, I just love it, so I'm sure I'm sure I'm going to have a dream of that chest workout tomorrow, so I wonder if that dream is going to turn into reality. I guess we'll just have to wait and see. But that's all I get. Hopefully you're enjoying your snowy season, if you're in a climate like that. I don't know why I am. It's definitely a bit more scenic than just, you know, grey muggyness, right? It's not a freaking October anymore. It's not November anymore. We're talking January. This is full on. I'm freaking winter shred of thong type action. But now I'm just rambling. I will see you for a chest day tomorrow.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 95 - Chest [HIkAf3M2UwM].txt ===

It's freaking bright, man. But that's nice. Does that mean it's early? And this is not a late lift that's behind the schedule. So 402, I would call that the perfect time for a chest day. I've had a good amount of calories so far, though. I'm already maxed out from my carbon take at 100 grams, which is what I'm sort of aiming for. If that intake good, I'm at like 18 or something, so I'm at 20 to spare. And then protein, I've got about another 100 or so grams if I want to stick to the limits that I'm giving myself, which I do. So I'm going to make sure that I have a protein-focused meal only. Well, primarily post-workout, so that's going to be, I think I'll just do another egg white chopped salad mixed with the fat-free cheese combo. That has been hitting pretty hard. It's got a very strong ratio of fillingness to not a lot of calories, which is kind of the food stats that I'm really trying to max out for me. And then other than that, I'll couple it with, I mean, I got a whole gallon there. I got a gallon jug, not a whole gallon of just some electrolyte water, like some lemon lime style stuff. Because just drinking a ton of stuff like that, like having a higher fluid intake, I think it helps. It's kind of a little bit of a hunger-curber per se, because it definitely does sort of give you, at least in some sense, like your stomach, I mean, the illusion of having a certain amount of stuff in it. Because if you slam a liter of water, it's going to make you feel full, at least for like a second. But there is no getting around the fact that you are just going to be hungry. I mean, on average, if you're in a legitimate calorie deficit, then there's no way around it, you're going to be hungry. But don't confuse being hungry with being bored, because that can really set you up for failure. If you're just sitting around, you're going to sit for another hour or something, just play on your phone. You're not really doing anything, you're not engaging, you're not playing a game, you're not doing whatever. That's a typical cue in your mind. Deep kind of subconscious, like, oh, you're not doing anything else? Go check out the covers. Go check out the fridge, man. What's in there? Anything you want to snack on? Yeah. And not even because you were really even hungry for anything. Just because you were like, let's see what's the truth. That's good to check out. Let's see what the truth is. Anytime you get that sort of feeling, maybe try to use it as a jump start to just do something else. And it could be anything. I'm talking like either just, oh, I mean, I'm sure you got some laundry to fold. I'm sure your desk might be a bit as cute this way or the other. You get probably subtracted to sort out. Eidle hands are the stomachs play thing when it comes to dieting. So the more stuff you can keep yourself busy with, the more occupied your mind's going to be. And then you simply, times going to pass it, you won't have eaten during it. I'm definitely known to go to that's a pretty long rabbit hole. Like with all the, like, I'll be sending my desk for a frigging while messing with all the camera stuff, the video editing, the lighting, whatever else. And like in a walking face, sometimes it kind of screws me over because I just wasted like, you know, to, well, not wasted, but I just spent two hours, you know, like, tinker around with stuff. And it's like crap, man, I should have eaten a meal. But you can use that situation to your advantage, you know, diet and context. So all that's to say is just make sure you get some stuff to do. In terms of today's chest day, weight, not going to be too crazy, but the pump may as well look like I'm going to, like, I'm going to lift it five million for compounds for reps. That's what I mean before. So a combination of incline Smith incline cable press, maybe some flat cable press, and sort of lower-peck stretch focus flies and stuff. And then, you know, not, not, not, yeah, what am I saying? Sort of, like, top to bottom kind of flies. And then whatever in between kind of just comes up and makes sense. And half of what's going to decide what movement's going to be taking is just, is the gym going to be packed, you know, it's 4 o'clock. High school got out at 2.30. And people are getting that a work. Who's definitely a bit of a spike around that probably four to six range. So, you know, luckily it's Thursday. It's not national, it's just Thursday. But sometimes you, uh, sometimes you never know. I mean, random synchronicities appear all the time where you think you're going to have a badass back-day and then for whatever reason, everybody else in the gym also had that exact same thought process. So just be ready to adapt if you know that your gym is going to be a little busier than normal. But don't cower, you know, don't think to yourself, oh, God, it's fucking packed. It sucks. There's no freaking packed to that, sorry. It sucks. It's coming in. It's, uh, this will be my last note before we get this workout started. But as cheesy as it sounds and it definitely does sound cheesy. Like all the self-help motivational speaker, kind of guys, um, they're all going to say the same thing, you know, the mind leads and the body followers. So if you're constantly just putting yourself down or finding the negative things to complain about, then you really think that your performance is going to be somehow the complete opposite and you're totally going to kill it. And how many workouts do people really kill it? And they're intermodal lock to themselves is on the socks that you want to be here. There's so many freaking people on that guy's on my machine. Just doesn't work like that, you know. Just, the, I'm living in the real world. This isn't a freaking fantasy way. So I'm going to get in there, warm out my roti-to-to-to-kuffs, my triceps, my back, everything else that's going to kind of come into play and then we can jump to, uh, whatever set number one ends up being. I was eyeing the Smith machine, but occupied and not in a way that I could work in. To instead, let's throw it something quite a cable press. This is going to be a much more controlled set, at least in the scheme of things for today's left. There's the squeeze and hold as kind of, or the magic is with something like this. A few more. One for sure, possibly two. Yeah. One more. You see. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Those are really good. And for the next movement, I get this thing right here. All you're gonna do is you're gonna do is you're gonna bench. Okay. So this is gonna be very different in the last set because that last set of the incline bench cable press. Honestly, that's like a perfect press. Especially for me because I'm so prone to hunching on my incline press and work. And that press really lets me keep my shoulders back. I mean, I don't even feel any front-belt for team after those reps. But here, I'm playing and basically bend over so I'm doing some straight flies and contrasting the slow, controlled, with a good negative. These reps quick, pumpish, get some blood in my chest. And I'm still going hard. So from what I can tell, that just means I'm doing a different style of set, giving myself a different stimulus. And I know I'm gonna be extra pumped because then after this, if I move on to a different kind of like, let's say incline smith or machine press over there. From already being pumped up, it's gonna feel so much better. Or at least different. And different is kind of a goal. So let's get this set done. Let's do one more. And this will be a little lighter for some more squeeze. One more lighter slower with a longer hold in the squeeze. And then hopefully the... Oh, okay, I don't think the incline smith is gonna open up, but something will open up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Let's do some kind of press next. I like this chest press. I don't love it, but I do like it. And since I'm already pre-feteed from that cable press in those flies, I don't know if it's still sweet. So it's a lightish sack. I saw I can stack it, but I'm more concerned with a good hold. And this machine in general, some machines just work better for like quicker nasty reps. Not so much here. I mean, honestly, the slower execution with the squeeze is simply gonna feel better on something like this. Whereas, you know, with some of those bent over flies or pectics, I like a fast nasty set because I really feel like I'm getting extra pumped up. Whereas on movements like this, sometimes it just feels like you're throwing a weight around. And I'm getting a little bit smarter to the point where I don't care as much about throwing the weight around on its own. But I want the purpose that doing these sets is gonna give not just to do them for no reason. But, no more talking. Just make it happen. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One more drop set. Drop set. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's give you some touches. So plan is some cable press. Super set it into a drop set. I've some basically just bent over flat promise. And I'll go a little heavier on the press. So let's grab the set this to 50. And probably drop it to 25 for the fly portion. Come on. There we go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And 27 closer enough. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's fine. That was a good one. I can say with certainty that it was a very good chest day. I'm talking good energy. I felt pretty good, especially on 1500 calories, which I mean, probably a little bit too many to have eaten this soon in the day. But when he didn't do it, adjust the depth over come. But although sets felt really freaking cool. So let's get a little chest teaser going on here with the flammel. Yeah. We get something going on for sure. It kind of sucks though. I was going to wear a yellow one. But they don't fit anymore. I'm freaking running out of my cool old clothes because I'm out growing them. And it used to be like, okay, well, you know, I'm fully bulked. I guess I can't wear this anymore. But now it's I'm dieted and I can't wear my old freaking flammel stuff. Like what the hell is going on here? But that's okay. So let's run through some chest poses and really just get a good glimpse of how we're looking. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Let's go a little light ahead of there. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, Oh, goodness. Oh, man. Well, Vaney, getting gradually more and more grainy. Now, I gotta do his wait for these pounds to just keep peeling off me. The problem is that it's not a passive activity. So, while you get to jump into the car and listen to some more gym-based rambles, I gotta go camp out of the car to your butt. So, I'll catch in an hour. So, a rather solid chest pump complete, if I do say so myself. And then 30 minutes on the seated elliptical, which feels a little better than I would have expected. Honestly, before I tried it, I totally would have dogged on that machine just from looking at it. But, I mean, a little learned. Don't judge a cardio bike by its cover. I see like you're pretty good. And then, I don't like just sitting on one machine for the full hour that ends up being a little bit too monotonous. So, even though I didn't like the way that one felt, 30 minutes in, went back upstairs, and then just did the regular seated bike for the rest of the 30 minutes. And changing it up like that is a pretty good boost to how quick the time passes. You know, if you just sit in the same place for an hour, of course you think it would be good for it. But, I mean, if somebody were extra kind of crazy about it, if you were a little more on the anteced side of things, and maybe you wanted to do 10 minutes on the treadmill, then 10 minutes on the seat of bike, then five minutes on the elliptical, then five minutes on the treadmill again. It doesn't really matter as long as it all adds up to that total, you know, whatever goal number of minutes is for you, of having an elevated heart rate. But, I'm getting into a little bit of a habit of making all these post-workout talks about the cardio, because for me, obviously, that's what it was finished. But, now, that was a good chest day. It felt strong. And by strong, I just mean, like, not, I didn't feel like I was lifting in its sane amount of weight, like, like, like, or so much weight today. It's just picking a weight that felt like a good working rep. Like, I didn't feel like I had to work when I had extra squeeze at the top. You know, everything was just kind of clicked. And today, I think I did a much better job at being hydrated with having that jug around. I got to start slamming some extra fluids and, I see, practice in what I preach. Because I have Vena, I've been doing like four leaders, but across the whole day, I think it's not enough. I got to start up in it to maybe even six, because I usually do one before cardio, one after cardio, one just going to throughout the day, one with the pre-workout, one during the lift, and then, well, and he is that as I actually had up to. Either way, it's pretty much impossible to do it, especially if you get some, some electrolyte packs of any variety. If dieting obviously go for the low to no sugar versions of those, but, just freaking slam, you know. I feel like I was about to say something like I forget. Yeah, oh, so exactly like I kind of predicted. The workout did not go according to my visualized plan. Like I was walking up the steps, that's not true. I was riding up the elevator to the second weight level for an amazing hour. Let's go warm out my shoulders, get my triceps loose, get everything kind of nice and prepped. You get my rotate of cuffs going. And then I'm going to pop a squat on the incline Smith machine, and that's going to be set number one. And then I'll probably move on to some, you would ever have to know. That's what I had in mind for a set number one. And guess what happened? Not that. All right, it was taken. So I had to totally switch my game up and do something else, which I had not really planned or accounted for. So during the process of my warm-up, my brain was firing at 10,000 percent of my cocaine neurons, which movement should I do? All right, well I'm already using this cable to warm up nobody's on this one. The other one isn't being used either way, and all right, let's grab a bench, do some incline cable flies. Here's some incline cable press. Perfect, you know. It's, you don't have to be so picky now. I'm, it's a little bit of a hypocritical statement because sometimes I am. With some body parts, I am a little picky, like with, with legs. If I've got the option, between like a pendulum leg press and a standard kind of sled leg press, I can pick the pendulum every time. And I might even wait a little bit or like do some extra sets of leg extensions or whatever I was doing beforehand, so that I can use that one in particular. But not every lift has to be done in the exact way that you had it visualized. Like as cool as that sounds to be able to say like, yeah, you know, I was driving the gym and, or I want to mean bed, I'm thinking about the exact work I'm going to do tomorrow. Like I'm already going through it over and over in life. Like as cool as that sounds. Dude, you know, it's just not really how things get done, right? Because I mean today, especially like I was kind of, I really kind of had to take my own advice when I was saying, like don't, don't get yourself upset or in a twist because everybody's on all the equipment that you thought you were going to use. Is apparently today, or this year, National Chest Days Thursday, or everybody have freaking chest. It's like dude, come on, don't freak about it. Just literally exactly like I said before, pick something else and move forward. Don't get hung up like that. Because the more of just like a chill kind of mentality you can have, and by chill, I just mean not negative, the better I feel. You know, I'm not saying you need to go into like a four plate squat for eight reps, chill, but I am saying, you know, going to it with a good mentality, right? Because if 90% of all your thoughts are going to be called this sucks, this, now I'm just re-phrasing everything that's out of the way here. Oh, that's to say, is if you want to get locked in, reach what many would kind of describe as the flow state, which I think I was locked in today. I was feeling some flow state kind of vibes, and what I mean by that is like, time just sort of past. I never felt like I was watching the clock. I never felt like I was getting distracted. I wasn't really thinking about anything else except for the workout that I was doing, and each set on its own. Like it took top priority in my mind. I had no distractions. I had my music playing. I had a little, uh, got some, little green men going on my ears. Absolutely freaking perfect. Plus extra sunlight from the big windows in there. And all the energy from the fact that it was a pack gym. Like it was all the variables were pretty much in place. So when you have lifts like that, those are the best, because you don't have to grind, you don't feel like a home man. And as much as it could be to do with just random factors beyond your control, I think a pretty good explanation as to why I felt so good today was, I was well rested. I was reasonably well fed for my given dieting state. Definitely well hydrated. And that's just a good mood, you know? So if you can get those four, three things there, you know, if you can get those four things down, then the likelihood that you're going to have sweet lift is quite high. Or at least elevated compared to somebody who didn't do those. You know, let's say you could, you could pick two, uh, two days or two nights to go through. And then you know you have a heart leg day the next day at four o'clock in the afternoon. Would you rather get three hours of sleep or eight hours of sleep? Would you rather drink maybe a few cups of water and like the Coke zero? Or like a couple liters of water with, you know, a reasonable amount of electrolytes. Would you rather go into it with a cool kind of level head? Or would you rather just be freaking like, antsy and anxious, entire and tense and, that's obvious, right? But that's speaking in hindsight, you know, that's, uh, it's much easier said than done. A lot of this stuff really is. But if you can try to remember that and lean towards it, then maybe next time you're sitting on your phone scrolling before you're going to bed, you're about to watch another 200 Instagram reels, which half of them are just going to be talking about the low taper meme or, like, whatever. Maybe it might be in your best interest to think, okay, I've had enough of this. I already know what all these are going to look like. Turn the phone off, head of the pillow, and just get a little bit of, actually. Or, you know, just little things like that, right? So, oh, let's say proper preparation prevents poor pumps. I stand behind that one gazillion freaking percent. So I think that's all I got. I'm going to go home, finish off the rest of my ground turkey. That has been in the fridge for, whoa, it's been in the fridge for a little while. Probably in my best interest to eat it sooner than later. You know, don't let it, uh, don't let it get too old. And then drink some more water, go to sleep, and then repeat with a wide ass back day tomorrow. So I'll see you then for that.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 96 - Back at Metro [hHqDMW6v0Qg].txt ===

After a short pit stop to refuel, let's go hit some back. This is actually a little bit out of the ordinary for me because my typical daily workout routine is as follows. Cardio in the morning on its own, that first one hour session, followed by go home, eat more food, wait a while, come back, and then do the weight-based section, like you go lift with another hour of cardio afterward. Today, I did not feel like starting with cardio. So, I won't, I might today start with a lift too. So, this would be my first morning back day in quite a while, but it's going to feel like I went to the back first. So, I'll still do a second hour of cardio later. But now it's going to be its own individual thing that. So, after this back day, I'll camp out, I won't have to seat it by yourself, and go down a bunch of all sorts of either. I got a couple staples that I end up doing, right? I mean, there's slamming, clashery out with music plan. That's a pretty quick time-wester. Same thing with a balloon's tower to vent to battles. That's pretty good too. So, I'm going to go down to the tower, just catch yourself going down some YouTube rabbit holes, right? Like, you get to look up, well, maybe like you, but if you ever like nerd out about all of the photography stuff, I love watching the, I forget the guy's name. I think it's, I think it's animorphics on a budget. He makes really cool videos, I'm always watching all that stuff. But it's like, all I'm trying to do is occupy my mind and just to be able to do that. I'm not thinking about the fact that I'm bored sitting on the cardio machine. And then before you know it, it's over. So, everybody starts somewhere. I would recommend, I'm not saying you have to do it, but I would recommend that after you're list later today, let's say you got a just a year like day on arm day or whatever. Just try 15 minutes, seat it by any difficulty level. You'll probably just bite nature, want to set it to one of the, you can at least actually feel a little. But, said it's whatever, just do 15 minutes, see what happens. Now, I'm not promising any life changing in lightning. That was the word. Miracles to happen. But, I think you'll start to get some of the gist at a time. So, playing for back, the same as normal men, pull down, rose, pullovers, and a combination of a pull down movement in a row movement in a superset sound fashion. At the end, just to really make sure that everything's fully pumped up. But, I think that's all I got to say. Quick little on the way to the gym card park portion. So, let's just find out what movement number one ends up in. Let's keep it simple. Light, neutral grip. Maybe shoulder width and a third, like 1.3x shoulder width. And this stack is light. Like this stack I'm going to get is up to 200. So, not too much ego lift to reach going on. And I really want to feel a wild squeeze at the bottom of every rep. I can do a few more. I'm not done yet. I can do a few more. I can do a few more. Oh, okay. Oh. That was good. Let's run that factory times. Then, side of what's next. Okay. 200, so heavy. Let's see one more. 170 instead. Much more reasonable. Okay. That's enough for that. Let's get a row of some so it's started. These would be some nasty or seated rows. Usually, not the biggest fan of the neutral grip. But whatever even is kind of growing on me. Yeah. Oh my god. Let's drop a phone. One notch and do one more. And the next set will be more squeezing holding focus. Such a respectful corner bounce. One dead bodyhand. Big red denial. Hey, did I insert that mic gasket? Oh my gosh. Okay. Let's go do a more squeeze and focus roll. It definitely brought up some solid draft of keep going. One even just opened up. And this machine is extra fancy because it gets like extremely light at the top. The leverages are such that like if I had a force reader or like if I had a scale measuring the force that my hands felt at the bottom, it might be even twice as much as I've filled it up. So that means super sweet stretch, but I can still get a full contraction for like, you know, the first however many reps I can do before I start breaking into partial territory. And this might be a little too heavy, but I think I got it. I'll make it a drop set if I can't get enough. Let's leave it at one. This will actually be a good sensor. So like I predicted, a lap focused, well this is more of a combination. It's like a lap focused stretch in top like a region region, but it's a very nice workout. So I'm getting my laps, my traps. I'm in back basically everything all in one set. I probably won't recommend you do that for every set of every lift, right? Because obviously I think there's benefits of just targeting specific muscle groups of the back, black work, trap work, whatever work, but as a finisher for the purpose of making my back is it's full of blood as possible. This has yet to fail me and I've got no reason to believe that it will now. And not too heavy here either. Oh my God I hate myself because I hate myself for honestly Isn't it We are adding another complete space? Yeah Let's put this bench back back. Done. Let's go pull this down. I got caught up chatting a little bit, but back freaking complete. So let's see just how it works. Front to, well, front to back pretty else. But this lift is not over. That's for a great insure because I've still got, I actually got that hour of a bike next. But let's run through some stuff here. Damn. I'm certainly feeling it. I need to clean up my parents basement gym. I guess my old basement gym. It's full of just clutter, but the lighting in there is freaking sweet. I need to get some little day by day kind of updates so I can really see how things are kind of changed. Because I would say we're definitely crunch time zone right about now. But for you let's get in the car? For me? Oh, you know what I got to go. Get a one a little bit extra crazy. Thirty more seconds than I'm out. All right, so I decided to go a little extra crazy. And by the time I hit the hour mark on that seated bike, sort of felt like I could do another 30. I felt like another 30 minutes would not be too crazy. So that's what I did. And that is a very good example I feel of how you got a strike when the iron is freaking hot. All right, so let's say you're just getting into your cardio. You've never really got into it before. You know, I'm sure you could do five minutes on the bike at level whatever. Easy. You got it. So you push it to 10. And thank you probably good. Especially if you're already there, you're already doing it up to 15 and up to 20 up to 25. And then before you know it, you're in the in crowd. You're on that 30 minute per lift or per whatever frequency you're doing at the moment. Can I crew? Which is I think that's a good freaking group to be a part of. But in terms of the lift, that was good. That was pretty freaking good. Recently chill. The stakes are kind of low right out with the lift, the stove. Because I'm not building new tissue. Like I'm not breaking new ground. There is the nature of dieting down losing body fat. This, I mean, that my sort of level of development is I'm trying to maintain the muscle that I've already built and just peel off the body fat that's covering it up. And the nature of muscle building is a bit easier to maintain than it is to gain. So I don't need to do three plate bent over rows or the heaviest, craziest like assisted reps to the same like beyond failure. I need to go hard, get a pump, post down and roll. Now of course I'm still, I'm still pushing it right. I'm not just going easy or anything. But the fact that I'm weaker from not eating as much food as during a bulking phase, it doesn't really change what my approach to work at is. It changes the performance metrics, but it doesn't change what I'm aiming for. I still want to pick weights which are within enough reason to have a good set. Go as hard as I can with them. Still hit failure. Still do just a couple of partial reps to really make sure I get every sort of ounce of all that good in this I can get out of them. And then repeat until I've hit the entirety of whatever muscle group I'm aiming for and have filled it up with a good amount of freaking blood, oxygen and nutrients and nitric oxide and everything else. So it's a wow, the world keeps tripping. My college edge for the oning, but freaking out and have a cardio, otherwise it gets you pretty good. So that was a crap. Yeah, what time did I clean for the gym? I think I go live in or something? Oh, good for me. Because that whole time that I was driving to the gym, doing the workout, doing the cardio. Now driving back is time that I'm not prone to overgrab because of all my sort of priorities per day right now. Cardio is up there. Obviously the lift is up there. Recovery is up there. Hydration is up there. But I'd say my number one freaking goal is not to go nuts and overshoot my calorie intake. So so far I've had about 600, I had like a 600 calorie meal pre-workout and then post-workout. I gave myself a I got two treats already made. One is two packs of flavored Greek yogurt like a low sugar. So two grams of fat, three grams of carbs, two of grams of protein each one. So two of those mix with I think two ish or three servings of like PB fit powdered peanut butter which is sort of a lower fat alternative and then I added some stevia packets to make it extra sweet. So I mix that all up together. It's waiting for me in the freezer and this is the first time I frozen it for later. So I'm really hoping that the powdered peanut butter kind of frothed it up so it's not just like a frozen block of yogurt and it's actually a little bit more ice cream but that whole bowl together is only like 300 calories. So pretty good numbers, 300 calories and 100 calories from protein. So that's pretty much what I'm aiming for. And then I've got a top round steak in the suvi. So that's where you sort of pre-season it's salt pepper. I sometimes I like to put some chicken barbecue seasoning on the steaks or whatever reason like the however they make it and I just kind of like it. But that's all in a ziplock vacuum seal. Put into a pot of water and the suvi is this little sort of like electric water heater slash regulator whatever where it keeps the water of the pot at exactly a certain temperature. So for steaks I usually put it like 128 degrees or so and then you just leave it in there for a couple hours. I'd probably say at least two at most maybe I've done as long as six you don't really get much past much past four. But what it does is now I've got a perfectly cooked steak I'm talking like actually straight perfectly cooked and all I've got to do a pat it dry and be at a little bit of extra salt pepper in case it was some of the juices kind of absorb some seasonings and then give it like a minute sear on either side boom I've got a pretty dang freaking awesome postwork out meal. A little bit on the fatty or side of things compared to that like lean ground turkey that have been grubbing on. So that is something to take into account of course every calorie every grain of fat scorbs, protein they're definitely gonna matter right now especially given how stringent I'm trying to be with everything but that will be pretty good. So it's I think it's about a pound in a quarter so that's probably gonna be the majority of my protein intake for the rest of the day or at least a good chunk of it. Then probably around seven yeah probably around seven o'clock I'll go to the apartment gym do either 30 minutes of cardio to maintain my sort of two hour today limit that I've been sick and two or if I feel good I'll just do the full hour and make today a little bit extra extra crazy with those 30 minutes so I'll just have to see that but come on you know yeah I know you've got time I know you've got time in the day to do just a little bit of cardio and frankly it didn't even feel like I was doing cardio though that whole time I was just going through a bunch of my old uh or a bunch of my light tracks putting on shuffle turn off my noise transparency so I could really get was music jam in over here so the time just passed but that's uh it's not my every team it's not my cardio that's uh that's up to you so now like I would do is go home shower off I'm freaking drenched you're gonna watch this hoodie now because it's getting some residual sweat and then just get ready for arm day tomorrow which when I was doing those pull downs at the end of the lift like those last ones where I was like been forward with the two de-handles those looked extra crazy for me because I was looking at myself in the mirror doing them and especially at the top like I could see all sorts of like little tricep fibers which I hadn't really seen before I uh I think I might start to even a couple of lifts stringer styles so we can kind of see all that uh see all that kind of stuff made lift because normally I like covering up so that I have a big sort of discrepancy between unpumped and like pumped for the post-down but yeah maybe we should bust out some uh maybe some leg days and shorts or some chest days and a stringer or something I guess we'll have to see but that's all I got I think uh I gotta start something I gotta either start watching lost or game of thrones so how about um you get you how about you guys pick you tell me if uh if that's if which one of those is gonna be a little bit better because same thing with uh with the media when you're just chilling at home I feel like I'm much more likely to get up and want to get a snack if I'm sitting just like scrolling Instagram like really doing nothing like just having enough mental engagement to want to keep me on the phone but not really watching anything of any quality like I feel like if I'm actually watching a show I'm like sort of really into it I'm not really thinking about anything else and then it's you know just to get distraction from the fact that I kind of hung real I want to go eat something so that's uh I'll keep you updated with whoever that is so you can get it's all I got man good back day tons of cardio tons more cardio to come and not a lot of food but that's uh that's kind of the theme of this next uh these next couple of weeks so I will see you for what I hope to be a freaky arm day tomorrow

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 97 - Arms Below Freezing [BoLPme3gn-I].txt ===

The hour of cardio this morning was a little bit treacherous and not even in just the actual execution of it. It's getting snowy man. I'm lucky I got the apartment gym because it wasn't for that then. Dude, depending on how I see the comments, I'm seeing a lot of guys where they're having to skip the gym because it's just, you know, the rain or the rain. Like the snow is just too rough to even make it. Depending on the day, of course, or like how soon they can actually get it plowed, but yeah. My P.M.E.V.S. interest, I've seen a couple of tags on the Instagram stories which make you smile, where guys pick up like a seated bike from, you know, like Craig's list or like Facebook Marketplace or something because dude, if you're a real freaking nut case, you can leave the cardio bike in your freaking bedroom if you got another room for it. And I guess what? One less excuse to skip your cardio and frankly, the least are the less number of excuses you can have to say, yeah, I don't really know if I should do my 30 today, the better, the freaking better. So, plan for today with arms. I've got, well, tries, buys. Not much in between potential for kind of a super-setted style workout, but we'll just have to see. I know try steps is probably going to start with some kind of squeezing sort of push-down, whether that ends up being rope, single arm, cross body, we'll have to see some dips and some overhead work. And I think I might need to do some pre-exhaust before the overhead, because whenever I do like overhead extensions with like a sort of W, like easy bar curl attachment, it ends up being a little bit too light. And then if I want to make it, like if I were to go any heavier, it's not really something I want to do because it'll just put too much tension on like my elbows, and it'll actually make it, make the movement feel pretty uncomfortable. So that's a perfect example of some kind of movement where I'd want to pre-exhaust with like maybe a set of dips or a set of like whatever kind of regular streak pushed down first. And then that weight which would be, you know, maybe a little bit on the lighter side when I'm fresh, now feels like perfect working weight because of pre-exhausted myself. But after tries are done, we want to buy it, simply enough curls of a couple of varieties, as well as I could definitely see some bicep bias pull down, those, those have been slept on. And I don't really see them done that much. They're kind of tricky. I would say they're on the same difficulty level of like doing a really good RDL, because it'd be very easy to use your lats and your forearms to pull down the bar. It's a little bit trickier to just strap in and completely relax, everything else, and only do most of the moving from your, you know, from your biceps. But I think worth throwing in if you can feel it, but if you try to do it, all you feel is your lats, then screw it, do you set up pre-chircolors or something? But, yeah, nothing too complicated. My primary goals are, don't hurt myself, go hard, finish the lift as pumped as possible. And really, for the lift, that's it. Those are the three that I'm aiming for. And afterwards, my goal is to just finish my 60 minutes of cardio as fast as possible, or at least make it feel like it goes by as fast as possible by playing on my phone, or watching suits or something. Then come home, have a big bowl of ground beef. I've got five pounds, actually, no, I've got six pounds in a, I'll cook to strain and sort of siphoned off from the fat with some paper towels. So I've got that waiting for me as my postwork at meal. And then that will hit the freaking spot. Especially combined with the big ass salad, salt, pepper, vinegar, no oil, obviously. And then try to go to bed with that again up and, you know, scarfing around for scraps. Because if you're on a wear and I've said this probably a million times now, so maybe I'm getting a little bit repetitive. But when it comes to the cheating under diet or the sticking to your diet, the tricky part isn't the beginning. You know, the tricky part isn't eight o'clock to noon. Everybody can be good until noon. It's once you get to that six, five o'clock range in the afternoon, getting towards like nine o'clock in night. You know, it's like it's time for bed. It's pretty easy to eat 500 calories worth of snacks in like three minutes just by walking around the pantry. Oh, I wouldn't mind some cheeses. Oh, I wouldn't mind a couple of pretzels. I'll have it as a handful. It's not that much. And then before you know it, dude, you just had 130 grams of carbs and 30 grams of fats. Your calorie deficit just got blown out of the water. You just ate at a mild surplus. You know, you've only got a only a few hundred calories separate somebody in a dieting phase versus in a bulking phase. So just something to keep in mind, right? If you were good all day, like you stuck to your limits, you tracked everything. Why ruin it, right, at the freaking 12th hour? You know, so that's something which I catch myself half in a think where I'm like, okay. I'll grab one sugar-free gelocup and then I'm going to bed. So having little diet friendly treats around also will ease your potential easier frustrations if you really just have to eat something. I can heal a mixture of carbs from one packet of a sugar-free gelo. But then enough chat and have that we just get in there and get this arm to start it. Two sets of sort of cross-body style slashes like this will be a perfect start. And I think that this arm day is going to be as such. Two sets of triceps, two sets of biceps repeated until my arms are completely pumped to SHIT. So let's start with a lightweight 22-and-a-a-pants and this will be very controlled because I want the squeeze to really have some move to it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One more. One not checking though, I see 27 and a half instead of 22. It's alright though. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Let's go keep the curl simple in the start. Just get some dumbbell going. The 65's too heavy. The 60's however, they're giving me a good look. So let's just get an ass you said that I'm going. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. One more. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Alright. Back to push dance. No dilly dallying. This is a reasonably fast-paced lift. So exactly what I was saying in the car. I'm going to pre-exhaust with like 10 or 15 sets of reps of push-downs. Then flip over into some overhead sort of work. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One more. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Let's go do some easy bar curls. So I think that 110 pound easy bar will be perfect for this first set. And I don't mind if I do a little bit of swinging a body language. Next one I'll do a bit lighter with like a second hole in the slow stretch. Just as a good little bit of like a yin and yang sort of style. Oh, it's a let's roll up the sleeve for dramatic effect. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's drop the weight for the next one. Yeah. Yeah. Back to try steps. Not sure what movement though. Straight slightly heavier set of push-downs. Nothing fancy. Just a good old fashioned set to failure. With a slightly better song. Yeah. Good enough. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Same weight, same everything. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Let's say right here. I got to grab a block to sit on, but let's just do some seated easy bar curls. Later than this though. I've got much more pressing strength than I do curly strength. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One more. Except this set is going to be a little different. Let me grab a different handle. This is going to start a little lighter. 80 instead of 95 like the last one. And then using a straight bar. So the difference primarily is going to be the fact that instead of having my wrists at this angle kind of Cambridge in towards each other, which feels pretty natural. Now I'm going to have my hands parallel, right? Because I'm holding onto a freaking straight bar. So what that's going to do is one potentially put some more attention on your wrists and your elbows and kind of like this whole joint which obviously be careful. Obviously, you know, don't do something that hurts, right? But it does have the added advantage of having much less forearm activation. Because let's say you wanted to work your forearms in a curl. What are you going to do? So you're going to have your hands turned all the way into here. Because that's how this muscle wants to work. So in the opposite fashion, if I want minimal forearm activation, or what is this? You're breaking your, you know, break your radialis to get specific. But if I want minimal of that maximum bicep activation, you think, okay, I better turn my arms all the way out like this. And that's what doing a straight bar curl would do. But definitely be mindful. You know, it does put a little more tension on certain parts of your, your build. Because it's just not the most natural movement. So be advised that a little bit of discretion. Okay. Okay. Let's have a look at the tricep bicep superset. And that'll be it. I'm basically done, but I can tell I've got a little room for some more blood. So the plan is going to be straight bar push down 10 reps immediately. Put this up to the maximum height sit down bicep bicep pull down 10 reps. And then simply repeat until failure. Or at least maximum pumpage those two are kind of equivalent in terms of my goal for this set. There we go. Oh, you're good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I started to use a little bit of latinous pull that. But now I'm still done. Let's go post down. All right. So seven total working sets for both tricep and bicep and frankly. Well, I don't have to tell you how I feel. You know exactly what word I was about to use to describe how this lift feels. But I'll say it anyway. I'm freaking pumped. Oh, with an mental and a physical freaking way. So let's just try and through some classic poses here. And then I get to get myself amped up for cardio. So no point in dilly dally too long. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my goodness. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I'm even just freaking holding those poses. Oh, yeah. A superseted cell arm day ended up being a very good idea. Yeah. My left try set definitely has the advantage when it comes to potential Story Asians over these next few weeks as a get leaner. But I mean, Holy crap. This is a good lift. So now I got to finish off with a little bit of extra work. But you know when you're sitting in your phone, it's going around the cardio doesn't feel that bad. I mean, come on, let's be honest. I know you can kill an hour like that on Instagram, Reels. What's stopping you from doing on the cardio bike? But no more cardio propaganda. I'll see you in the car. Okay. Oh, some time has freaking passed. Whoops. A little bit of blind exit here. Let's try that. Turn out to back in anybody. There we go. So yeah, after arms, camps out in the seated bike, I was aiming for the full hour, but nature called. So had a little bathroom break at 3730. And then I finished with another 30 minutes on the treadmill. So I feel good. Well, holy crap, man. I already strived and crazy in here tonight. But after that hour cardio, I sat down on the turf section of that gym and kind of just stretched out. A lot of just turn out some YouTube videos, especially just seated like straddle style stretches, where you can lean over, touch your toes, things like that. So my legs feel nice and loose. They, yeah, I gotta start doing that a little bit more frequently. Keep my, keep my limberness. But other than that, I'm ready to go home and eat. Or I guess it might be more accurate to say, I'm ready to go home and not eat. I do not have a ton of room for calories tonight. But that's all right. I can handle it. And I kind of, this is why I pay the price for eating a bit more food earlier, pre-workout. I don't have as many calories as spare postwork out. But if you tell yourself you're going to do a calorie deficit, that shouldn't just be a random kind of phrase, that should mean something, you know? So, I proved to yourself you can handle it. Go to bed with only some ground beef and some lettuce with some sugar-free, G-HU's barbecue sauce. I'm taking your advice. I keep referencing the sweet baby rays, a little sugar. And you guys are hyping up to G-HU's a lot. It's all right. The macros are definitely better. Two grams of carbs per 30 grams, compared to the four grams in the sweet baby rays. So, I get to put more sauce for the same amount of carbs, which is good. Flavor-wise, it's a little, I don't know, it's a little different. It's a little sweeter, not a smoky, but it's still pretty good. So, that's going to be the condiment of choice for the ground beef tonight. I got a, I got three pounds of top-round steaks that I think I'm going to cube up and then actually know. Now, I won't cube those up. I think I'll just do those as steaks in the sous-vis. Split them up in eight ounce, eight ounce kind of cuts, and then just have those individually. It's, uh, feel like it's a little nicer in the steaks, actually, like, cut up rather than just sort of pre-chopped. Because if you're doing that, then why not just eat ground beef, save yourself the chore. So, either way, I've been, um, after the last full day of eating, that was like, 1900 calories. Or, no, I think I had my goal at 1850 or something? No. Right now, I'm kind of bouncing right around 2000. Like last night, it went a little over, I had like, 2006, and then obviously that full day of eating was like 1950. So, right around that 2000 mark with the two hours of cardio, that's kind of the sweet spot for now. And then over the next couple of weeks, that's going to have to drop a little bit. I can, uh, I can almost guarantee. So, let's, uh, let's just enjoy it while it lasts. But now all I gotta do is make sure that I go home, get a good night's rest, because I've got a leg day tomorrow. And I'm not exactly sure how I want to do it. Because, hmm, ugh. Part of me kind of likes doing the lift first, like, in the morning, and then following that with an hour cardio, and then just having an hour of cardio session at night. Uh, that's what I did yesterday with back. But I don't know, with the legs, I mean, what am I supposed to do? Cardio after legs, then I'm just stressing myself out, you know? So, I'll try to find some kind of happy medium, I'll think about it tomorrow. But I don't want to do like the most stringent hour of cardio, after the leg workout, you know? Because obviously, I just worked my legs. I don't want to stress them out extra with that cardio, because obviously the cardio is going to be leg-based. So, maybe I'll just beef up the morning cardio, do a little bit more than the hour, and then save folks work at cardio from legs for maybe a little bit after the workout after I've had a meal, and then have that be a little more relaxed, just like some treadmill action. But you have definitely been clocking more hours of cardio than I ever have in my freaking life. So, I think over the course of these next couple of weeks, as I get leaner and leaner and leaner, it's really going to kind of show off. I, uh, I've never seen my butt so small, you know? For, for anybody who's unaware as a lifter, at least as a guy lifter, you have a pretty classic fat distribution. Most guys are going to get it in there. Legs, actually, you know, not really even there. Usually stomach, sides lower back and butt. Those are the main spots for most dudes. So, it's like me sitting doing like a side chest pose, fully bulte. I'm sitting here thinking, man, I do not need any more creaking glute work. But now, from a side profile, I'm like, holy crap. I'm not talking Hank Hill mode or anything like that. But we're definitely getting somewhere. And I'm not at the level of glute striations yet. That's going to be a while. But closer than I've ever been for sure, because I can actually, like, see much more separation of like hamstring and quad and glute tie in, yeah, I'm getting freaky and excited. And every little milestone like that is getting me more pumped to keep pushing it, you know? Because I have numerical, just legit proof. That what I'm doing is working, and it's putting me into places I've never been before. So, it kind of sucks if you've got to make a serious fat loss transformation. Like, let's say you're goals to like lose 50 pounds this year. It sucks in the beginning because even if you lose 10 pounds or even, well, more like five pounds in that first, however long it takes you, that's only a 10% change. So it's not the most noticeable. So it's kind of like, I'm definitely not saying it's easy. It really isn't. So you get to really have a bit of an iron mind at the beginning because you've got to be able to accept the fact that the work that you're putting in, all the cardio, all the calories, all the everything, you're not going to see those results and the benefits and be able to actually enjoy them until, you know, months and months and advance and the whole time you still got to keep putting up that upfront work of cardio, calorie counting, everything else. But once you've gone through that, you've gone through that process enough consistently to the point where you've actually like noticed results like holy crap. These pants don't fit me anymore. These are 40, fours are way too free and big now. I gotta get some 40s or whatever kind of thing like that. That is always going to be, I would say probably some of the strongest motivating factors because now it's shown you that the work that you're doing isn't just, you know, random toiling like, oh, this is just hard. I would, you actually see what that work is giving. So, I mean, that's why I thought process at least. I mean, the first time you get a bicep vein, the first time you hit 225, the first time you do any kind of milestone, something like that. Even if it's not something that's, you know, mainstream, like obviously hitting 225 for the first time, that's pretty classic. See, in your first bicep vein, that's pretty classic. But any milestone for you that has like a legitimate, strong value and like importance where you say holy crap. I mean, it doesn't matter how small it is, achieving a milestone like that is always basically going to give you the same dopamine response and sort of feel good reaction of like I did it, no matter how far along you are. I mean, if you were to put a, like, a, neural kind of analyzing pat, sort of pat on my head like, with all of the, like, the little scanners and transmitters or whatever, and it could somehow like analyze and pump out a number of like, how satisfied I was me as like 160 pounder, looking at my first chest bump where I could tell I was a little bit bigger than normal. The deer running around. Probably the exact same level of satisfaction that I get now from seeing myself with a gash dang 234, 233-ish pound chest pump. This, you know, this freaking far ahead, like it's, you know, little things like that don't change because all it is is a boost in kind of a bump from your baseline state. So even if that milestone is holy crap, I went to the gym five days this week. I've never done that before. That is freaking awesome because that's new ground breaking into new territory is always going to be exciting and freaking, you know, hyped up motivated because to do something you've never done before is now simply proving that you can do it and it makes it that much easier to push it even further to something that you've never done before. Now, right? So that same guy who's like holy crap, I went to the gym five days this week. It doesn't even, doesn't even matter what the workouts were, how intense they were, what kind of weight progress he made. He's like, dude, I've never done that. I've only got, I've only got like once every couple. Then one month later, the guy's a holy crap. I went to the gym six days a week, this whole month, right? So every time you push it like that, every time you're reaching a new ground, your baseline level of what is normal, like an effort, consistency, you know, sort of locked in kind of dialed sort of nature, it raises. So that's kind of the whole point of the work and out in general. It's over time you should become better at it, right? It's as though you're rolling a freaking boulder and in the beginning, it's pretty rough. It's very kind of triangular and sharp and whatever else. And every time you hit it, every time you kind of shape this thing, it gets rounder and rounder and rounder and it gets easier and easier to roll. You know, so there is a compounding interest and benefit that you get from constantly pushing it, but that requires that you constantly push it, even when you don't actually see the results that you're working for. Because with working out, I mean, we've heard this phrase set a million times. One workout will change your build zero freaking percent. Absolutely nothing noticeable in terms of visually like how you look. One workout, I even saying it was a drop in the bucket might be an overstatement. But a hundred workouts, a hundred workouts, a thousand workouts, two thousand workouts. I think I'm at a, so it's been about six and a half years now. So six and a half times three serve. Well, I'm in like the 24 hundred range ish because I don't take too many rest days. So let's, let's just say, I can't do the math right now. I don't know. But either way, I'm past the 2000 workout mark. Dude, right? It's, I mean, it takes a while, but that time is going to pass anyway. So, you know, if you've got some time to spare, if you've got an extra hour and a half per day, or you can add that sort of thing into your routine, like you don't have to be lifting for a freaking, to hours straight, you know, this isn't, that's, I mean, even the, even the general consensus among fitness is, like dude, you can get a good lift in 30 minutes and roll. Like, it's simply, it's simply a situation of, do you want to do it? And, for my perspective, having done it, and having that sort of, like, switch flipped in my mind, where I'm a serious, mean head, gym rat. I would say yes. I would say yes. It's going to be worth it to do your daily cardio and your workouts and track all your mac rows and get the gist of like body recomposition and bulking it and cutting everything else. But of course, I'm a little bit biased because I, I, I love this whole sort of process. Everything that comes along with it. But, you know, do it that way, you will. If you got that little itch, if you got that little interest of like, and it doesn't even have to be an insane ambition, just something like, you know, it would be cool to get an workout, I think that'd be good. I think that'd be kind of fun, you know, so, some of my friends from, from school or workwood, whatever they're always talking about when they go to work out at the same gym, they don't do the same workout, it's like they don't work out together, but they just go at the same time. I think that'd be kind of cool. That is all it takes. That is all it takes. Just one little smoldering little ash, little ember, and if you give it some breath, you give it some fuel. Dude, gosh, dang, inferno. That takes a while, but you can't even say it. So, all that's to say is, I'm, well, there's no chance I'm skipping my cardio for these next couple of weeks. So, playing for, playing for tomorrow with legs, pump them up as much as possible. I think I'm going to buzz them soon. I think I'm going to buzz the legs and the arms soon, yesh. That kind of gives you a little bit of an instant buff in terms of your legs, striations and separation, because having hairy legs sort of takes away from your, like, sharpness. So, I'll keep you updated if I am up doing that. It kind of seems like it kind of seems like it will take a while though, maybe I'll save that for later. But either way, last note, I would recommend you start doing your cardio, but, you know, I'm going to say that forever, take a take with that would you will. And I will see you for what I hope to be. A frically pumped leg day tomorrow with new veins, striations, cuts and everything else in between. So, hopefully you had a good lift. You're going to have a good lift, or if you're watching this middle lift, put the freaking phone down, do your next set man, but come on and get people waiting for you. So, I'll see you tomorrow.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 98 - Legs - Intro Returns [SIi7C8KfblM].txt ===

There we go. Yeah, got the intro back. One of the old school too. I got a little desk top-sized CRT. Then I kind of put that on and then I re-recorded it. I felt kinda cool when I said I'm getting finished. But what I was about to say was kind of distracting me is it looks like the traffic is insane. There's cars lined up for quite a while. Luckily enough for me though, they're headed that way. I'm about to turn this way. It looks like traffic is flowing. That way quite smoothly. So lucky for me. This leg day will not be delayed any further than normal. I should have finished this earlier, but what are you gonna do? My basic plan of attack. Hamstrings first likely seated curls potentially start with laying curls. Then my great over to what I believe to be the Smith machine for some RdLs, not too heavy, not too light, just the sweet spot of strength where I can feel my hamstrings getting worked. I'm not too much to blitz and lower back. I want to work those primary hip hinders, not my secondary glutes and lower back side of things. Then what hamstrings are cooked? Move out of quads. Quads really is gonna be a medley of leg extensions. Probably some heavy nasty ones, just a straight dirty set. Then maybe some slow squeezing ones. Like lengthier, more intensive. Maybe some kind of back and forths of long squeezing and some kind of fast nasty ones. I can guarantee that there will be some sissy squats as well. Sissy squats primarily being the ender. Those sissy squats are freaking sweet. I cannot overstay that there is something about doing those bodyweight self-assisted. Holy crap. That is miles upon miles of cars. But yeah, so I can't overstay the sort of stretch that I get to feel at the bottom of the sissy squats. But only once I've already got a quad pump. I wouldn't be so sure that the sissy squats would feel so good with cold quads. But after having already warmed them up, I've got a decent amount of blood flowing into them and they're pretty much pumped. The action of doing that sissy squat kind of like bounce out of the bottom sort of Tom Platt style. Of course he was doing like two plates on a hex quad and I'm just doing bodyweight. But that little like bounce at the bottom and stretch. It does have such an interesting like medial sort of middle kind of quad stretch that I just don't really get with anything else. I was just talking to somebody I wasn't really doing sissy squats for a while because my right name was kind of bothering me because I did that was back when I was in Michigan. I feel like I've said this a couple times I did a little gainer off of like a little pier. And of course I'm fully bulked at the time. So my 205 to 170 pounds self did a one leg jump on just a concrete platform. Into the water. Yeah, that's a lot of impact out of nowhere. Not a not anything I'm used to. Oh goodness. So my knee is a little tender for a while after that really yeah. But back to normal and now the sissy squats feel quite good again. So apologies for anybody who's more interested in watching the heavy squats and the heavy leg press quad training it's it's not conducive with the overarching goal right now. You know, because right now what I'm trying to do is maintain my quad size and not overstress them while I'm diding down. I mean I don't have the I simply don't have the calories to recover from like they like that. And also I think it's good to get myself a break not like me personally. I'm talking to my knees. My sort of adductor's everything else because when I'm squatting like one of squatting like there's no tomorrow leg day after leg day after leg day five plates five plates in the 25 you know 11 plate leg press it does start to add up. So even going into this next bulking phase I am going to be pretty mindful of that and I'm going to stick to a heavier quad day coupled with a lighter quad day as the accessory movement in contrast. So you know let's say one leg day I do some crazy squats. Goodness. The next leg day. Might be a little more a leg extension. Sissy squat focus more out more pump work rather than overall tension and fatigue. Now you might be asking yourself same how the hell can you be be yawning after you just drank and pre-work out. You see as the kicker have not drank it yet the gyms a little bit far away and also with legs I don't need to be fully caffeinated for hamstrings. So really I'm going to save the pre for right when I'm kind of walking the door. So that by this time I put my stuff down warm up my hips a little bit do a couple of calf raises to get those warm do some hamstring warm ups and then probably around the halfway point of hamstrings is when it all starts to really kind of feel like the caffeine effect and everything else so that when I'm under quads I'll have the full nitrogoxide vazodilation caffeine stimulation effect that I'm aiming for because quads is going to feel kind of hard especially a dip in the deficit range like days definitely living up to its reputation of being difficult. Difficult but non-possibles so hopefully that well what was that what was that say having a deficit sort of brain freeze what I was going to say was in about an hour or so maybe maybe probably about an hour or so let's hope we've got a reasonably viny striated separated quad pump to see and then I'm not going anywhere I got some post-lift cardio I I think I'm going to split it up do 30 minutes after the lift come on eat a meal and then do another 30 minutes or do the other 30 minutes at the home apartment gym just so I get my quads a little bit of recovery before you blast it's gonna see the bike so I think that's all I got to say man it's just get this quant day started let's keep it simple start with a nice what's going to feel like a hefty set of lane curls but it's really only 75% sat and usually this is not the hefty select girl so just proof the diet's working yeah let's just do a few more like that no you can get some complicated yeah one mark let's move on no no okay let's do some seated curls next hold crap this will be considerably lighter and these reps will feature like a full second hole at the bottom for the first however many reps I can do like that and then I'll still finish with like some self-assisted partials just to really squeeze every drop out of the towel that is my hamstrings Thunder hmmyan7 OH GOD 8 OH Korepa What the- ya Oh, okay. Let's see one more. Just a regular straight set, little heaviness, and then who can be one of quads. I almost thought that was it, but I've got a little left. Hmm. Hmm. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Now let's just a quads. Hmm. The last few hamstring lifts have been very already all focused. So what I'll mind making today a little bit more curl and biased. Let's keep it simple. Five reps on the left, five of the right, five of the left, five of the right, until basically failure. And then probably just repeat that for a few. Okay. Here we are. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, actually. Yeah. Yeah. I'll change up the floor a little bit for this one. Alright, so by changing it up, turns out I mean let's just do a double-like stack set. Similarly level of nastiness. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Okay. Now let's change it up. Next set, at least the leg extension portion, is going to look very different. Yeah. That felt really good though. And these are nice. Nice. Slow, hold, squeeze, leg extension, followed by self assisted, cis cis quartz. If this set is awesome, it could be it. But I foresee two sets of these. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's enough. Yeah. So all it took was some nasty hamstring curls of a few varieties, some leg extensions of, well, really just two varieties, light and squeezing, as well as some kind of heavy nasty ones with some cis cis quartz action at the end. And what did it all add up to? A pretty holy crap. A really dang freaking quad pump. Goodness. Well, no point speculating when we're literally about to see. And that we just, uh, holy ship. I like that. Yeah. That is a, uh, that's a left quad if I've ever freaking seeing what we do with breath holds flex here. Yeah. Yeah. I think, uh, I think without exaggeration, that's the vanias my left quad has ever been. Oh. Holy crap. Oh, man. That is making me freaking a leg headed. Oh, geez. A reasonable quad in hamstring separation. And try not to forget that right now, my hamstrings are pumped, which does take a moment. It does take a bit away from their kind of separation and fanciness, but did. I mean, just standing here. Yeah. I think this diet is certainly working. And do not, uh, do not forget this little portion as well as I am flat as shit. So, what I mean by that is there's a certain discrepancy. And physically just how big your muscles are in general, based on how much glycogen you've got inside of. And for somebody my size, I mean, I like when I carve up at the end of all this, I'm literally going to be, well, I got to carve up to a limit, right? But if I were to carve up no holds barred, I could basically just gain 10 pounds of what we look like totally lean tissue because all of the little storage cells. And my muscle fibers across my whole body would fill up with glycogen, right? Sugar and water. And it wouldn't be, you know, subcutaneous or like, uh, what's the word? Well, it wouldn't look like I was holding water like in my skin or my stomach or anything. I literally just kind of blew it up. So, to look at this freaking, this flap. Yeah, that was a good sign for me. But I'm not done. I've, yeah, I'm going to be in here for a while. But for you, let's get in the car. That was a crazy quad bump today. I lied. I freaking lied. I'm not splitting that car to you up in the tube. So any of just doing 45 minutes on the seated bike. What I felt was a slightly lower intensity level than I normally do. But maybe, I don't know, maybe it just felt right. But I mean, I was hitting the same kind of calorie markers and heart rate that I usually aim for. So, maybe the blood was just freaking flowing tonight. But only 45 minutes there. And then 15 on the treadmill. That treadmill portion is definitely a little bit more chill. But in terms of the lift itself, I checked off the boxes I wanted. Some hard, pretty heavy sets, at least relative to my current strength level. A solid ass freaking pump. And then, well, some new vans. Yeah, the left quad was extra freaking fatty. And that is not the craziest lighting. Frankly, I spoil myself. Every time I go to a gym that has like a dedicated body-building posing room, the last one was when me and J. We're at Fit Club. They've got a really crazy lighting posing room there. It's like all downlit, striations, veins, everything else out the wazoo. And do not underestimate the power of lighting. The same dude can look completely freaking different. But even in kind of the softer, open gym lighting, to have that much like vein protrusion. That is freaking cool. So, just more motivation to stick with the limits and keep the cardio going. Honestly, the cardio isn't even the hardest part for me. Really, it's just the calorie side of things. The cardio and the training even getting into the freaking two-hour range now, with an hour in the morning and one at night. Not the tricky thing in the world. I feel like I'm kind of getting exposed to it. And maybe that's a problem on my end. Maybe maybe... Maybe... Then I just show a little bit of my kind of obsessive tendencies. But what do you get to do? All the better for me in terms of getting that freaking cardio done. So, now all I gotta do is go home, have myself a nice bowl of ground beef with some G-hews BBQ sauce. Oh, I was about to say in a touch of fat-free cheese, but I'm out. Gotta make another grocery store trip soon. And that will see. Honestly, I don't mind pushing the grocery store trips a little bit further than normal, because I don't really like having the kitchen fully stocked with everything else anyway. Because I end up just like eating any kind of snack style thing that I can get in my hands on. We'll just disappear slowly, so better off to not even have it around. But I think I'm gonna prep some meals. I think I'm gonna get some tougher, where it tubs just to make it a little bit more consistent. Because for me to die down and get gradually leaner, not that hard. Like, I've got that pretty much down. But to really get stringent with these calories, I don't know the flexible approach that I usually use is just not gonna... It's just not gonna happen. I got to eat some pre-meditated meals. Like a noon, a four, a six, and a 12, or whatever spread ends up making the most sense for me. Because I've got... Yeah, there's no roof for snacks right now, really. So, like, what am I supposed to have 10 grams of carbs worth of snacks in the pantry? Like, at once, and there's no chance. It just doesn't even work. So, I got to set myself a hard limit from now on, where snacks are no more. Only dedicated meals of specific sizes. So, I'm gonna get a little bit of a schedule plan out for that. And that'll make it a little easier. Having a game plan, having a game plan with anything. It just turns any kind of goal or challenge from, like, a kind of bewildering sort of all of that. I don't know if I'll be able to do it. I did just a couple of step-by-step kind of processes that you can go through. So, when it comes to the working out for anybody who's uninitiated so far, Look up a basic chest day, look up a basic arm day. You don't have to do barbell bench right off the rip. You can do just chest press machines, or any, or, like, simple stuff like that day. One, I mean, I see guys all the time. They got, like, the tutorial video explaining, like, how to do this set. And it's a guy doing it as an example. Dude, that's totally cool. You gotta start somewhere anyway, right? Nobody's expected to just know what they're doing with no prior experience. So, really what I'd be more concerned with is just give yourself a time. Tell yourself that you're gonna go, make it happen. Regardless. Like, even if you only feel like going in kind of light, you want to just do, like, a little bit easy day. And easy kind of, like, just float around, do a couple of sets here in their day. Versus no lifts at all. I would say that's, I mean, it might not make game-changing, physique exploding results, but you're definitely gonna be in a much better state than to completely skip the gym in general. So, that's the side of me talking that's things that everybody should be working out. Regardless of if you want to be a total meathead freak or, you know, my catagarized yourself is more of a regular dude. Like, working now, just general freaking fitness, sorry about that. It's just, I mean, it's just good to get into, you know? And there's really nothing else like it. Like, I can't stress enough. There is nothing else like having a physical outlet like that, because like, what else do you get to do? What else do you really get to pour all of your physical energy into? And just, like, there's a region, there's a reason why all of the, like, the crash rage rooms do so well. Everybody's got some pent up freaking energy. So, having a place to get that out, plus keeping your, you know, sort of, the only thing that's keeping you in contact with the entire universe, your body in a little bit of a better functioning state, you do. I only see positives, right? Now, I know there's a classic meathead connotation, which keeps non-lifters from really getting into it. But I feel like those barriers are kind of being broken down. The gym is becoming, I would say, as mainstream as anything else. So, I don't know, frankly, if you have a functioning brain, I don't know why you're forcing yourself to miss out. I'd recommend every man, woman, and child across the freaking nation, giving themselves some physical activity. Now, does it, you know, a 12 year old kid need to be mentioned, you know, one rep maxes, I probably wouldn't say so. But, you know, get into a kind of later on, you know what I'm saying? I'm using best discretion. So, oh, man, I am, I am going to freaking pass out. I can guarantee it. And soon as my head hits the pillow, I've kind of been a little more restless because it's kind of a weird, inverse relationship with the bulking and the dieting because when I'm bulking up and eating a crazy amount of food, you would think, early sti would think, my energy levels would be higher because I got a ton of energy. Like physically, I'm taking in more calories throughout the day, way more. I should have more to run on, right? Not so much. I feel like I'm much sleepier bulking up, which, I mean, just to do with kind of growth process, the workouts are much more intense and kind of damaging. And then dieting down, it's like, it's like a more awake, but I'm definitely feeling the general kind of like fatteness of the calorie deficit. So, earlier, or not earlier, but like this morning, I went to bed at eight. I got up at like three, to go to the bathroom. And then by the time I play to my phone for a minute, I'm like, okay, I'm awake. It's going to be a while before I can go back to sleep. So I just went down to the apartment gym, did my hour cardio, came back, shout-off, went back to bed. Now, I would not recommend breaking up. Sleep schedule like that, but I knew I wasn't going to end up falling back, actually, for quite a while. When I woke up, I was kind of like, only half sure that I actually did the cardio. Part of me thought that I just trimmed it, but I had proof because I could look at the Instagram story. I took the picture. If I didn't actually take that picture and like, you know, had the evidence right there that I actually did it, I probably would have done another hour of cardio after I woke up the second time, believing that I just dreamt about it the first time. Geez, I wouldn't freaking nuts. I wouldn't notice. I would have recognized, I was like, oh, man, I feel extra tired. Maybe not. But we are definitely on track towards something. So I will keep you updated as anything freaking changes. I think that's all I got. So I'll see you for either a rest day tomorrow or a chest day, a rest day or a chest day. I'm not exactly sure which one yet. I'm going to see how I feel. If it's a rest day, I'm still going to do my cardio. That's not going to change. But I'll have to see how I feel because I can tell at this point, like, my accrual of fatigue from these lifts, given my calorie intake, is definitely something I'm actually more concerned with. Bolking up a meeting like 5,000 calories on the regular. I don't see the problem with the daily lifts, but right now with the, with being a bit more stringent, kind of restrictive. The rest days are much more prevalent. So I'll see how I feel. But if everything feels good, I can tell I'm nice and strong. Then I will be going ahead with chest. And there is a little bit of a test that you can do to kind of gauge your overall kind of like, readiness, so you can say your fatigue, and this, or your central nervous system stress or anything else like that. And that's by just kind of like, balling up your fist, like sort of right here, and really flexing your form, right? Like, if you can get it a crazy hard squeeze, and you can tell that you're like really exerting some serious force and like it feels good, that's going to be a sign that you're good. You're relatively recovered. You're ready for a good lift. So that's not really a good indicator of anything. Like, that doesn't really tell you much. So what I'm more interested in is like, any time that you didn't get a good night's rest, you didn't get enough food, you did not sleep enough. Like the next time you can tell for sure that you're in a compromised state, or for any of you, for any of you nightlife joyers out there, right? Like the day after you go out, and you can tell you definitely kind of hungover, do the same little form, like, grip test. I can guarantee you're going to feel that you can't really squeeze your hand into itself, it's hard. So that's one little, that's one little interesting tip, which I mean, you should know if you're ready for something like that, but I mean, I feel like if you're a power lift or that might be a little bit more important to know, because if you're planning on going for like a crazy one-to-reot max, and then you kind of fail in the form, grip strength test, you're like, ooh, maybe I shouldn't do that today. Ooh, or advice versus, man, I feel like it's just strong. Let's go forward today, something along those lines. But I'm not one to really talk in the power lift or one rep max style of a heavy thing. I mean, I can say this was served date. You're never going to see a one rep max on any lift from me now or ever, and I stand behind that one to see a little freaking percent. So, either a rest or a chest day? I guess we'll just have to find out tomorrow, but I'll see you then.

=== FILE: Winter Shredathon Day 99 - Chest [DcwOVzC1QrY].txt ===

It's been a while. It has been a while since the morning cardio went down earlier. So now at 2.30 it's time for chest and another hour, another hour of either straight-up seated bike or potentially a little bit of a combo of the seated bike and incline treadmill, whichever pairing ends up making more sense. But yeah, I've been waking up like crazy. My sleep schedule isn't nuts. And like not nuts in like not getting any sleep weights. Like I was about to eight got up at four. This is uh, this is getting kind of funky because I'm like, I've been finishing my cardio, coming back home. The sun isn't even up. And then I almost like go back to bed. Like I don't have to go to sleep, but just kind of sit there for a little while before it really started getting up. And it feels kind of cool. And now I don't have to deal with, you know, thinking of myself, oh crap. The gym's about to close. Yeah, nice. Nice to literally lift. This is good. It's gonna be on kind of a good consistent schedule like that. Now the meal so far, breakfast right after cardio was sick. No. Yeah, yeah, 60 grams of protein, eight ounces of a Costco turkey block chopped up in the real kind of small little cubes, ish, two soft boiled eggs. And then the pack of steamed broccoli and a cauliflower with some G-hews sugar-free barbecue sauce on top and a little bit of kind of granulated like fancy salt. Now turkey eggs broccoli, cauliflower barbecue sauce that might not sound like it would really do with for you. And I don't blame you per se, but extremely filling for only the cost of 360 calories. That's how all my meals are looking right now. Apart from the ones where I say, all right, I'm having a frozen yogurt bar. Or, or, all right, I'm gonna have a low carb, high fiber sandwich bread. With some sliced ham on top and then some melted fabric cheese, like little sort of trick foods like that. But for the most part, there's not much room for snack in the game because it's like, what's a snack? I would say on average a snack from anybody's, from anybody's sort of value system is gonna be minimum 300 calories, like 300 calories, minimum one little snack size bag of like Doritos or chips or anything. That's 200 calories right there. And odds are, you don't keep those in your pantry. You keep a full family size bag of, you know, whatever. And then you sit there for a couple of minutes. And you know, just snacking away, not a care in the world. Love it. But you just had 500 calories of chips. That's not nothing, you know. So it's not, not so much room for error. Oh, well, I'm still young because I haven't drank the pre-workout yet. I'm gonna wait until you get a little bit closer to the gym. But playing for chest, I feel really good. I got a reasonably empty stomach because after I had my meal of those kind of ham and cheese melts at like 10-ish something along those lines. I organized this laundry, took a nap, drank a bunch of like powering zeros, which I'm definitely leaning towards more than the Gatorade zeros because the Gatorade zeros still have some carbs, so that they're not zero with the heck. So I'm hydrated, I'm rested, as fed as I'm gonna be. And I feel good. I got to get out of it to everything. Everything's going well right now. I like it. And then to keep me out of the house a little bit because the longer that I'm not, you know, given immediate access to the kitchen, the less likely it is that I'm given, you know, grab some kind of tree here, grab some kind of snack here. I get a bunch of the Amazon returns. I got a setback. I got some to UPS, some dephetics, so that's the plan for after this lift. Make a couple of hit stops. And then come home for a post-worked meal of what is probably going to be. Yeah, no it's going to be. Big ass salad, salt, pepper, vinegar, side bowl, grab beef, cheese, sure, re-purbake sauce, fat free cheese, microwave, all kind of melted up together. That is going to be absolutely freaking perfect. But that's not going to be for like three and a half or so hours from now. So that is the nice thing about being at the gym I work on is I never, I'm given, I'm given deep right like this is a legit deficit. I never feel like hunger is a distracting force during the workouts themselves. Like I never come into the gym and think, oh, I'm going to break it, starve. Like I mean, you get the pre-workout, you get the caffeine in your system, you kind of amped up with it. You amped up and energized. Something about that, it's very destructive in a good way. Because I don't want to be thinking about how hungry. All that's to say is these next couple of hours when I'm working out doing the cardio, doing the chest aid, doing everything. I'm not really going to be pressed about how hungry. And that's going to be for after when I get home and I know there's all sorts of food around the state diligent. But all that's to say is within the hour, I can guarantee I'm going to have a freaking chest pump. And then I'm going to pick a bike to camp out on. I'll see you on the drive back. Let's start with some more of this incline cable press. This is a perfect start to last just a. And it's kind of classic for guys to say, you should never start the same chest aid with the same movement and the same lift with the same, look, man. If it works, it works. Obviously, change it up, but I know this is going to be a good start. Now, I just want to pair it with a good song. There it is! Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Oh, geez. I wanted to more like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Good. Oh. Oh. Let's move on. That's a perfect three opening set, though. This will be kind of a decline-ish set of flies, but it's not just lower chest. Like when I get to the bottom, I'm going to feel my whole chest flexing, but it's just a different sort of stretch when my hands are in pull-up instead of just being pulled back. And since that last press was pretty much like this, I want to kind of change up the load in a way. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Same thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's go do some incline smith. This pretty exhausting. It should feel pretty good without even needing that much weight. It's putin' out of expected it, but three plates actually feels pretty freaking reasonable. So I'm going to get it out of stuff. It's a music plan. Thank you. Not here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my god. That's just the one. I think if I keep trying to push these incline smith sets, I might feel a little too much pretty extra. No need to overload that crazy. But that's a good really heavy or stimulus style set, but I think I want to finish with the more pumping using. It's super set with like some cable press. I really don't think I need one more set. Let's go find out what it's going to be. Bentober cable press first. Wide and low on cables. Finish with some nasty flies. I'm going to skip as much of a London by Chess as possible. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Holy crap. Let's go upstairs. Let's do a little recap. Okay. Okay. Let's see how we're looking with this semi natural, semi unnatural lighting. But yeah. This is actually freaking cool. Maybe I've got to start lifting a little bit earlier so I can take advantage of this. Let me get this down just a touch. There we go. Oh. Oh. It would seem that the freaking two hours of cardio is beginning to show some results. I can see some avvines kind of creep in up my stomach. Holy crap. That's pretty freaking leg headed. But overall feel like a beast. The situations are coming in quite freaking nicely. Okay. Holy crap. That is a cool side tricep for me when you hit that little better. Oh my goodness. That's so much here. I'm detecting a touch of tricep striations on the left side. Nothing wild. And they need bigger triceps to see in things like chest, grain level on those. But the forms. They've definitely got some detail. All this kind of fancy in this here on the back. You know what I attribute that to. It's not back days with those straps. It's sitting around camp and out with like a 20 pound dumbbell just doing these reverse curls. And then of course this sort of you know bottom side. That's kind of bent over dumbbell action or like single arm cable or double arm cable. Little things like that. But let's I don't want to leave. Let's just do keep doing a couple more poses here. Oh, you're missing. Oh, you're missing. Oh, you're missing. Oh, you're missing. Oh, you're missing. The deficit, the cardio. It is freaking working. So speaking of cardio. That's what I got to get back up there and do. Put a, put a spare shirt on so I don't have to go home drenched. And I'll see you in the car in about one freaking hours time. Okay. I am tired. I'm cold. It's early. It's winter time. Let's say you're trying to get serious about your diet so you're not even a ten of food. So you take all those negative factors and you add on top of it. Just being generally hungry. Yeah, not awesome to do cardio and right. Hopefully I'm not looking forward to my cardio at all lucky for me. I already did it. It's over the seated bike. So when I say seated bike, I mean the one where the pedals are like in front of your feet. Backpacks too heavy. I think it's a person. I mean the one when the pedals are like in front of you and you're sitting down kind of in more of a reclined kind of state. That's what I mean when I say seated bike. So the cardio for today was just a regular one where the pedals are beneath me. But whatever, in any of the work amount pretty much freaking perfectly. So camped out had a bunch of explore with us. We got a EWTrucrime stories plan. Those are really good way for me to pass the time. And then now I'm going to go back home. The sun is not even freaking up which does make you feel kind of cool. I mean if you've never done it before. There is a little bit of just general coolness factor of doing something extra early like that. Haven't done because it's, you know, they clippin' Mike Tyson. When he's talking about training and for whatever and he gets up at 4am and the ride, he's like, you know, I'm training one of everybody else to sleep at. There's definitely some kind of little hype sense to that for sure. Like you just feel like you're more productive. But what I was getting at was with the cardio in the morning. Like if you're going to lock into it if you're going to add that to the routine. Do it asap. That's that's one little sort of tidbit about having like a cardio bike at like, your apartment gym that's really close to where you live. Or if you've got like a piece of cardio equipment at the basement or your living room or wherever. Be it treadmill or if you want to go out on a jog if that's your thing. I'm more of a stationary cardio kind of guy myself. But you know, you do you do it as soon as possible in the morning. Because the sooner you start at the sooner it's over in the sooner it's a down in the sooner you get the sale. Nice. Because I was kind of derailed myself. But what I've meant in the car earlier were when I was just saying like, I'm tired, I'm sleepy, I'm hungry, I'm cold, I'm everything. You got to rip the band it off man. Make this shit happen. Because then now he gets a chill. I mean, I was camping out in the car for like 15 minutes. Just scroll it, it's your grab. Wake it through to heat up. This is very nice. Yeah. This is a good feeling. So now I get to go back home. Lay around and bed for a little bit before I really get ready to get up and do all my stuff. And then I've got back later today. So I kind of, oh yeah. I did not end up recording the drive back from chest because I was really in a rush. Because after I finished the hour cardio after that chest workout, I barely made it to the FedEx store in time. They closed at 6. I made it there at about 5. 55 returned like a pair of converse that didn't fit me that I ordered. And like a pair of snow boots. Then I had to make it over to the UPS store. Another 25-ish minute away. And they closed at 6.30. But I managed to make it there in time as well. So finished all my post workout chores. And then now it's the next day. So chest-wise, I really don't feel much chest that much. In terms of any kind of like crazy soreness. And it doesn't surprise me because I didn't really do any insane, you know, chest-destroying work. I mean, I went hard, I got a pump. I did do some heavy sets. I really just had one set of inclined Smith. But that's all I'm really aiming for. Right? I need a pump, I need muscular stimulation to maintain all the beef I've got built up already. And then, I was about to say little things like this. Things like the cardio and the deficit. Those are what's improving my sort of rate of fat loss because lowering the food intake gradually over time. Right? Decreasing the calorie intake as well as increasing my weight. My energy expenditure throughout the day by adding the cardio. What that does is it widens or at least maintains this gap between food that I eat down here. And energy that I burn up here. And this gap is filled by my body's burning of the body fat. I've got stored up all around to maintain regular raps for the function, you know? Because if your body has to run off of 2000 calories per day, just to, you know, keep you alive. And a lot of that is a very passive act on your part. I mean, most of the calories that I'm burning every day, it isn't from the cardio. And it's not from the workouts. It's just, you know, keeping all the muscle of God on my body oxygenated and pumping blood and pumping out heat. Because I mean, as much as you feel like you're really pushing it, your body's actually more of a heat engine. That it is anything else. I mean, I'm talking, I think it's what, like 70% of the energy that you burn every day is just in generating heat. You know, we're freaking warm blood of it. So all that's to say is, if I want to continue to get leaner, then I'm going to make sure. Well, I keep this gap as wide as wide as I can maintain. Because if you try to go too crazy too quick and, you know, you go from even a regular ass diet of whatever you're hungry for, to now try to, like, completely starve yourself off the rip, then there's no, there's no, there's no, there's the word I'm thinking of here. It's no surprise that, you know, people kind of give up on dieting, like extra soon and quick, because a lot of the times when people think about dieting, the stigma is okay. You can not eat anything that you like, you only have to eat chicken, you only have to eat or you only get to eat, like chicken broccoli, you know, freaking vegetables with salt pepper, and, you know, people kind of approach that a little gung-ho at times, or it's like, alright, I'm getting, I'm going to get real here. And then really all the end of doing it, starving themselves, like they eat nothing, they try to basically just fast as long as possible. And then it's like, oh man, I can't deal with this. It's like, yeah, no wonder man, you just drop your calmer intake by 2000, you know, you only need a marginal deficit, like, when guys talk about how difficult the dieting is or, man, you just can't seem to lose anybody fat man. It's not like you have to completely kill it on a daily basis, like eating zilch. I think it's really just a lack of information, because nobody learns about dieting, like, even the food classes in school are pretty rudimentary. They barely get into it or like the food in health classes, because if you wanted to get leaner or take a guy and, you know, have him start burning body fat, all you would have to do is decrease his average calmer intake. If he's just staying the exact same weight, all you'd have to do is reduce calmer intake by 10%. Just a 10% drop, I mean, nothing too crazy. And then if you're consistent with that, then the dude would get freaking lean. The problem is most diets are regulated purely based on natural instinct, which usually works fine. Eat when you're hungry, don't eat when you're not hungry. You're good, you know? But if you want to make changes to your body's kind of composition, you want to get bigger, you want to get leaner, then you kind of have to fight that instinct and, if you're trying to bulk up, you got to eat when you're not that hungry. Or if you're trying to cut down, you've got to not eat when you're hungry. And it is much easier said than done, I can assure you. You know, I'm definitely getting reasonably skilled and proficient at like sticking to these diets and making crazy, like, bulking to dieting kind of phases and everything. But it's definitely not like a passive activity, especially with the deficit now. I mean, this is taking a pretty good amount of my sort of focus to make sure I don't just go completely off the freaking rails. But I think that's all I got to say there. I can tell I'm running a low blood sugar. Because I haven't eaten anything yet, right? That was an hour of fasted cardio a little bit more. Well, not necessarily more productive by any means. It's really a mildly motivation for not eating anything pretty cardio is, I've only got so much food to eat. I'd rather eat it later in the day. Like for me to eat 500 calories before this cardio, I mean, it might make me feel full for a little bit. But I would end up just being extra hungry and later because for me at least once I open the floodgates, once I start getting some calories in, then like, likely good that I want to come back and eat something within the hour, a ton of like increases. It's not as hard for me to wait until like you can tend to, you know, to have meal number one. And then usually I'll try to stretch that for as long as possible before meal number two. Go lift, go do cardio, come back, try to do some, somehow, sort of just to keep my hands busy. Then have meal number three and have hopefully at least 600 or 650 calories left for a pre bed meal. Because going to bed hungry, that is a challenge for me. I find that very difficult. Like if I'm, let's say, I mean, you know, 21 hundred calories, which I've kind of been bouncing around. Like it's, I think the sweet spot I'm hitting right now is about 21ish 22. I was trying to, I was doing two for a couple of days, but I think that was a little too low, so kind of 21ish. But let's say I mean, 2000 just for argument sake. If I hit that 2000 mark at six o'clock in the afternoon and now I have to go until 10 or whatever, go to sleep and eat nothing else, that's extremely hard for me. The likelihood that I'm going to say, I got to eat something. Even if it's just like a little, like I try to be as calorie smart as I can with it and just eat like a bowl of steamed broccoli with some chicken, the barbecue sauce or whatever. Like it's still calories at the end of the day. Like that's very hard for me to do. So it's much easier. If I save calories for later and kind of allocate most of my intake for later in the day into the night, because then I get to go to bed with, I mean, sometimes a really full stomach. Like last night I went to bed and I was like, I almost ate till I felt sick and not because I ate like so much food. It's because I got to leave myself a good amount and still hit my calorie limit and have a big ass bowl of salad. Side of ground beef, fat free cheese, sugar free G. He was barbecue sauce, which frankly the the hickory smoked one. I got a couple of comments saying I should try that instead of the standard barbecue. Did not care for it. You guys totally put me off. I should have just got more of the regular one. But it's, it's neither here nor there. All advices get, you just get a, can't learn from it. But I get to eat a pretty substantially sized meal. Not in terms of calories, but in terms of its overall volume. And I get to go to bed feeling good. I mean, I slept like a freaking baby because for me, going to bed with a full stomach. It's just a lot more enjoyable than going to bed. Kind of rolling over trying to keep myself from getting out and going to the pantry. And it's always, it's just a bad situation to pull myself in. Because then I'm going to feel bad that I went up to the kitchen. I was a clown. I just over ate by 400 calories a shit. It should have been smarter about my calories during the daytime. So if you're just aiming for regular kind of casual fat loss, not that it's like regular and casual, you don't have to be on it 100% of the time. Like I've definitely had some days. Even this diet where I went like totally freaking bananas. I got to go through all my calorie, all my attractive calories, and show off like a couple of... A couple of pretty insane spikes that happen. There was only two, but they were pretty big in terms of my calorie intake as refeats. Maybe a little bit over-recent. But what I... Oh, every so often, you can have a day like that. But obviously, the more that you can be consistently actually in your calorie deficit, your results are going to show. And that's where the scale is really your best friend. Because there's a lot of nuance to it. Even the nutrition labels on all sorts of foods and like protein bars and everything else. Like I used to love carb master, Chuck the Nome. It was... The macros were awesome. I could have like two full cups of what tasted like regular Chuck the milk. And it was like just really good. And it said it was only like 100 calories. Or, you know, I forget the macros exactly. But I could tell I was drinking a lot of it because of the calories, Macros are sweet, love it. And I would like cease to lose weight consistently. Like I would wake up slightly heavier. And like I could tell, I think they're totally BS in those calorie numbers. So, given that, sometimes you might think that you're eating this much, but really you're eating this much because of random discrepancies. And we'll not random intentional by the company right? Because in some way it saves that money. But if you can look at the scale and watch your weight progress consistently over time, or look back over averages, then that can really kind of indicate to you. Okay, I am on track. The calories and the foods that I've been eating haven't been working. Let's keep this up. Or, I've been trying to, you know, get under 240 or get under 220 or whatever. And I just can't seem to do it. What that means is this discrepancy between energy burned and energy consumed. It's not large enough if even present at all. So, that should be a cue if the scale isn't changing. You've got to either increase cardio or decrease calories. And typically the best answer is going to be a little bit of a box. Right? More cardio, plus less calories, more body fat burned. So, that's all I got to say there. But I'll end up seeing you tomorrow for what I hope to be a pretty dang freaky back pump. And I'm going to add some rear delts and a little bit of side delts as well, just for freaky. Well, not just for kids, but I mean, I haven't really needed to thrash shoulders in quite a while there of it over-develops, relative to my arms and chest and anything else. They get a little bit of a back seat when it comes to the lift. But that's all I got to say. I will see you for back.
=== Rebuilt on 2025-12-09T06:28:54.285934Z ===
