There we go. All right, the time is now 913. This is meal number one. Excluding the energy drink and the black coffee with a bunch of sweeteners that I had before the cardio. Obviously, negative calories. But one little carton of egg whites, straight into a little pot, a pretty substantial handful of just kind of chopped salad mix, thrown in low heat. Give it a stir every once in a while. Way out, 56 grams of fat-free mozzarella cheese. Pour that into this bowl, wait for the eggs to get almost fully cooked, add the cheese, melt everything together. Pour it all back in the bowl, and then weigh out two servings of low sugar barbecues. 64 grams, 8 grams of carbs total. So that puts this meal at 66 grams of protein because 50 from the eggs, 60 from that fat-free mozzarella cheese. Because it's more of a weight-isolate kind of concoction where they peel off the fats in the carbs. And that's what they leave to kind of leave the cheesy body of it. We know actually, for the added amount of the barbecues, that's carbs. There we go. Okay, so 334 calories. And this is going to be pretty filling. I got a way to cool down a touch because I don't want to burn my tongue. Then the few meals that I do get to eat, I want to be able to freaking enjoy. But I'm feeding it for this right now. I am hungry. Because after an hour cardio and a trip to court had a court day today, not judicial, I had my first feeding ticket. And I couldn't figure out how to pay it online. So I actually had to show up. But I'm ready to eat this along with a liter of water with one electrolyte tub mixed in. So I'll make this a little quicker. Usually every time I do a full-avening, I sit here and talk for like 20 minutes. Well, just do a quick few minutes for each meal. But this is going to be a perfect breakfast. This will be rather filling. And then I'm going to try my best not to come back to the pantry until it's time for the next meal around probably new niche, maybe even way to one. And then have something probably very similar to this. But at this rate, at 330 calorie meal, which is going to make me feel pretty full. This is what I like to see. So I'll see you for me on number two. Okay, some time has passed. Maybe not as much as I would have liked. But I could tell I was getting a little hungry for something. So this is six point like three-ish ounces of ground turkey. I'm going to hold a big bowl of like what was at one to five pounds of ground turkey. Strange. Cook just ready to scoop out meat mixed with, I don't know, how much broccoli a pretty substantial amount. Like there's more broccoli in here than there is turkey for sure. And I'm going to count the broccoli is about 10 or so grams of carbs. Because it definitely has some caloric value. Like just because it's a vegetable, you can't just write that off as nothing. Some all count that as just about 10-ish, I think. And that's kind of just by eye. But it's going to be tricky to overdo it with the vegetables in terms of my carb intake. And then some salt, minute and a half in the microwave. And this broccoli was already pre-steemed. I just made a bunch of batch head the same thing, sitting in like a pre-prept, little 10 in the fridge. And then another 64 grams of the low sugar barbecue sauce. So another 18 grams of carbs. So for the day, that is going to put me at what once this meal is eaten. 106 grams of protein. Two grams of fat, very minimal in the fat intake so far. What is a good thing for me? Honestly, the lower these bars are as the day progresses, the easier it's going to be for me to actually stick to my numbers. And then 31 grams of fat. So if you look in this distribution, if it'll, you see, that's pretty good. So I woke up at 5. Now I'm going to 6 when I'm talking about, I'm going to go to bed around 9. So if it's about new niche now, then that puts me at about, what maybe. 40% of the day done, almost halfway, not halfway. But like a little less. So I've got about 2,000ish calories to work with. And for it being 1130 right now, after I've eaten this to be at 560 calories consumed, that's pretty good. Because that still leaves me about 1,500 for the rest of the day. Where I get myself in trouble is if I have a big breakfast or just like, you know, whatever, and it's noon or it's 1 o'clock or whatever. And I've already eaten like 1,500 calories out of my, a lot of, let's just say 2,000. I don't know what the exact number is. I'm kind of just hitting these like carb fat protein values. But if I'm already at like 80% of my calories eaten, and it's, you know, only 4 o'clock in the afternoon, what is the likelihood that I'm just going to, you know, force myself to go to bed hungry. And I guess if you get that dog in you, then yeah, deal with it. But that's where I think 90% of cheating on people's diets actually happens. It's not midday. He don't just have a lunch splurge where you decide to screw it. I'm done. Let's just eat 4,000 calories right now. It's like later in night. Okay, it's 6 o'clock. It's eight o'clock. I've already eaten all my food for the day. Like the dude's stomach is starts growling. Uh-huh. You know, I got a couple of protein bars in the pantry. Maybe I'll just have some of those. You know, each two of them. All right. Well, you know, maybe maybe I'll just have like some frozen blueberries or something. Or just like just anything. And then if you catch yourself eating something out of the pantry without sitting down, you immediately eat it through the wrapper away and you grab something again. You're in the danger zone, right? You're in the red. Whether you're just going to keep grubbing and overshoot your calorie, you know, limit for the day. It's pretty high. So I'm trying my best to avoid getting into that position at all by trying to leave some calories for later at night. Because if it's 9 o'clock and I get to have a big bowl of like ground beef, broccoli, fat free cheese all mixed together kind of in like just like a melty sort of way or whatever. With some sugar free barbecue sauce on top. I mean, that's going to be a pretty filling meal. And I'll be able to go to bed saying, oh, I'm not even that hungry. Awesome. But if the last meal of the day ends up being like, okay, I've got room for four ounces of ground beef and like, you know, one cup of broccoli. Not awesome. You know, so I'm kind of orienting my whole day's intake into making sure that the last meal of the day pretty close to when I go to bed is big enough that I can feel full and say, okay, I'm tired. I just want to go to bed and I don't have to even have the thought of like, oh man, I'm hungry. Oh, I should get up and eat something. Like to prevent that situation from even happening, I think is the real trick. At least for me, you know, if you don't mind like basically eating nothing all day, then I guess dieting is easy for you. But for me, it's a little trickier. So I'm going to sit here, grub on this and then I've got a lift and probably yeah, probably go in like two hours or something for back. So you just have to see it in and I'm not a, does it, does it, does it can? There's a full day of eating. If all I do is talk about the food and I don't just sit here and do like a full on muck bang. That's maybe how about we save the muck bang video for day one of the next bulk and we'll just make it a, we'll make it three hours long if just no commentary eating. But either way, let's move on to what I would imagine to be the postwork out meal later. Okay, some substantial time has passed. Weighted probably two hours, ish after that most recent meal went did back, didn't know our cardio, came back. And then now I present you with this. Eight ounces of ground turkey, 99% lean, 40 grams of fat-free mozzarella cheese, 90 grams of the low sugar barbecue sauce, which adds up to 12 grams of carbs. And then seven grams of carbs worth of broccoli and cauliflower, microwave together in a like a little instant steam bag. So a little bit of a theme, but it really just freaking works, you know. Like I've got, I've got a bunch of like the like the low carb like keto friendly like protein bars and stuff sitting in the in the in the pantry door or like some of like some of the protein cookies and stuff, you know, 14 grams of fat, 10 grams of carbs, 20 grams of protein. And like as a treat, those are nice because they you can really balance them in. Like I haven't really had that many fats today so far. Literally eight grams of fat. I get a pretty hefty meal after this. And actually another one. So I've got room for a little kind of like a treat like that. But most of these meals, this is really just kind of what fills me up, but doesn't take a whole lot of calories, you know. So this is about 60 grams of protein, 20 of carbs and then like five of fats or like three of fats, like a tiny, little bit of the lipids or whatever. And this is going to fill me up pretty well. To the point where I don't really feel like I'm going to need to eat something for probably another hour and a half or something. So I actually get a really big postwork on meal, which is exactly what I'm aiming for. Now all of this could be meal prepped together. Like I mean, I basically prepped the turkey here and cooked five pounds of once leave it in a separate way. The broccoli could do the same. Sometimes I'll make a couple of those bags and then leave them in the fridge. But if I'm going to reheat it anyway, I may as well just leave the individual freezer bags in the freezer and then make them kind of on demand like this. But you know, I'm hitting my protein goal because I need reasonable sources of protein that are lean. I'm talking egg whites, lean steaks, lean ground beef, lean ground turkey, egg whites. These are basically my bread and butter of my protein sources. I mean, I'll throw in a, there's just not a huge place for any protein shakes in a dieting phase like this, like a deficit dieting phase. Unless I just don't have anything else around and it's like all I got to eat because it's not very filling. Like the amount of fullness I'm going to get from the 60 grams of protein from this bowl of turkey compared to even like a 100 gram of protein shake. It's like this. I mean, the shake is going to feel like nothing. It's going to feel like I just drink something, you know? So eating just plain basic foods, spice them up a little bit with a fat free calorie, calorie smart options. It really just ends up working. And then I'm extra spoiled because I get to be around the kitchen pretty much like throughout the entire day. Like I've got access. So I don't have to really prep any of this and save it for later. But if I did, then all I would do is like sit and then make basically this times five times six times ten or whatever, leave them in Tupperware and just leave those in the fridge. And if I know I'm going to be gone for like more than three hours from like a source of food that is like diet friendly, then I want to bring those along. But as a postwork out meal, I can already tell my freaking mouth is watering for this. So I'm going to show it here. Delete this is now to slow as possible, but I'm going to try not to starve it down just so I get to enjoy it for a little bit longer. And then what are the next meal ends up being? It's going to have a little treating vault. You're like a protein Oreo cookie or something or I don't know because I've got a lot of room. Like a look at the macro tracker. 1,068 calories consumed and I've got like 30 grams of carbs, 30 grams of fat in 60 grams of protein left. There's a lot that I can do with that. So I'm going to say here enjoy this and then I catch you for whatever meal number four ends up being in the day. So this is it. And I'm not going to eat all of this at once. This bowl of 150 grams of frozen mixed berries with three packs or three containers of sugar-free jello. This is going back in the freezer. I'm going to save this for a little bit from now as sort of my dessert of the day. Net total 15 grams of carbs. So I guess you can say this is the last real meal. Literally just a repeat of before with a carton of egg whites, 50 grams of protein worth, three servings of fat-free mozzarella cheese, melt it all together with some chopped salad, vegetables and whatnot with two servings of low sugar barbecue sauce as a bit of a toper. So this combined with a little like a low carb kind of protein bar. Again, this is more so just as a snack because I like it and the macros fit well. I'm even forth from the day. And then my vitamins. I've been a I've been getting real fancy with it. I actually pack in these like you know two weeks in advance. So I don't have to sit there dilly dilling at the vitamin cabinet every night. So all of that combined including five slices of keto white bread toast, totaling five grams of fat in 10 grams of carbs each, puts me cumulatively at 128 grams of carbs, 25 grams of fat, and 280 grams of protein, and 1857 calories for the whole day. Now that might sound a little low and it definitely is but I've kind of just been ramping it down. I mean the first month is dieting phase. I was doing like 3500 and then getting into that second month or the second uh or I guess he's like the fifth week, the sixth week or so. I was like you know, 2800 and then dipped it down to 23 and then sort of I've been floating around 22, 2100 or so. But I can tell I'm kind of getting plateaued around that 233, 234 mark. So combined with avocado, what else is there to change? I'm not going to sit and do five hours cardio. So decreasing the calorie intake is going to widen this disparity of calories burned and calories consumed. So all this together with an unbuttered set of toast for this eggs, which will pair pretty nicely, especially with the cheese and the barbecue sauce. That's it. So this is kind of where I'm aiming at. Little low in the fats with 25 grams, but that's really just because the carbs went over. I was really aiming for 100 grams of carbs. But yeah man, now the ton of food and very plain meals. Not really much room for any sort of treats, but that's just the nature of it. Right? If you want to get a little bit leaner, you're going to have to sacrifice no treats. But if you do a hard core dieting phase, certainly so reasonable dieting phase for a period, then guess what's over the horizon? Bulk summer 2025 is going to be treats galore. So I can wait for those later, and I can save my appetite with just all these kind of more plain, simple filling meals for now. These will continue to tie me over. But little inside into the dieting, what not? So I'm going to finish this. Oh man, I was better say it, and then watch another episode of Squid Game. No idea why the only made seven episodes for that season, but what do you want to do? So either way after this, I'm going straight to bed. Well, I'm going to play my phone for a minute, finish those berries, and then I'm going to bed. And then I'll see you for a freaky arm day tomorrow.