Oh, it's wrong. Yeah, we made it. A little bit of a lengthy day of travel, but when you get a DM from power slap, right? And I was gonna say if you want to come watch, which, uh, I don't know which one this is. This is power slap six. I don't know. It's like fresh. Plus, trip to Vegas, but it's fucking nuts. So we just landed rental car acquired, and then this is, uh, this is the first stop pre-hotel I gotta get soon. You gotta get some pre-in in and out. Luckily enough, you can order it, uh, what do they call it? That's a wrap. Uh, I don't know, let us, let us wrap. We're both actually, are you dining right now? Yeah, I love it. Well, I'm deep into it. I'm trying, uh, I was feeding them for snacks the whole time we were sitting at the plane. It was like five or so hours. I had a couple of marks, pretzels, and like a little Oreo cookie that the, uh, like, Stewart is what's hanging out. And like, that was probably the hungry set of her been on the plane. Usually I get a bunch of like beef jerky or whatever, but so far I'm at 2300 calories. So, you know, I want to eat another 150 grams protein in me for today. That's actually gonna put me over the cusp into about two, eight. But that's okay. Because actually today is gonna, I think we're gonna make today a little bit of a two-day type action. Because I did back earlier, but Mark has only, uh, he's done nothing. He came straight from school, so I think we're gonna make a quick bit stop. What, uh, what do you got? I got a quick chest of triads, chest of iron, I probably said shoulders. If that's the plan, I'll just throw some shoulders in. But first, let's get some grab on our systems. Crazy cool looking, but I've never been cut off so many times. This quickly trying to merge one downside of the strip, I guess. And you got the stature liberty, though. Is that the real one? All right, man. There we go. All right, the guy taking the orders was, you can have a, kind of, a little lat mat. Wait, I didn't really get it. Yeah, I'm gonna stop doing my gals. What the hell is it, wait, bet it? A little lat mat there, right? But if the guy taking the orders is really out there, so it's, I don't want to actually clip him, but total, we get a full, uh, full little box of six double animal style. I don't know what I'm saying, protein style, sort of patties. No mayonnaise, ketchup mustard, onion pickle. And I don't think I've ever been hungry here. Is an absolute description. How I freaking be all right now. Let's break it. I think the last time I had any time was when it went to California. Yeah, nice school. Last time you had any time. I thought you had any time. Yeah. Yeah, that was back. That was before any training, it was like one fifty five or something. Oh, I go. You know what I'm saying? Five guys in the lettuce, a few days ago. This is better. I think the five guys might have been better. This is good. Not bad. It has that for a description. And then maybe it's, and maybe somebody else is a friend of that. Who's a sack? Well, a plan now. Finish these. Check in. And then go get some shit move it. So that's a, let's just jump to that part. Okay, so we made a little bit of a, a little bit of an executive decision last night. Which was kind of made on accident as soon as I laid down. I was completely not getting sleep. I, I was in my full clothes and I was like, you know, it's a, but swap ass. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to be a planning. But now so as soon as we got back to the, for the hotel, I fell asleep with my clothes on. It's not like crazy, but we are just a cardio. I'm working with it. I'm working with it. Even back workout is working with the trial. A little camera guy style for the later we're got today. So that quick stuff. I have a meal number one. Would you get some sort of, some sort of an outlet? I'm let steak eggs. Yeah. So you slide it, say, think egg white on the veggies. I should have asked. I'm going to use like late butter. A little better. Yeah. That and a table and steak, which, you had a restaurant that might be really big. But I feel like the eye-opper, totally going to sting you with it. And it's getting a little bit stem. So not so carb heavy. I guess 10 beats, meal number two, meal number one was like a bit crunch bar, which is, it's 12 bullshit. It's not even like a healthy, it may's all be even chocolate bar. That one is still 250 calories. But I gotta be mindful. Evench. I'm saying the same story again. But we're on the fucking plane. I was feeding her something. But we dealt with the clue today. I just gotta click one day one in the trunk. But we're going to get into some, not shenanigans. But we're going to run out of the place tonight. So we'll try to record some of that for a bit more.