Alright I've got one word to describe the camera. This is December 3rd and it's December 3rd Tuesday evening. It's a cold man starting to feel it. It might get to the point where I do where I double up the pants even instead of just pop on a sweater or something. But the lift goes on. The temperature would have to get to a point where well if he's subatomic zero to great Kelvin level to keep this arm punk from happening. I was about to say something almost. I'm getting into it. I'm watching land man get to episode 4. I've got to learn these actors names so I can make better references. But 6 show. Oil fields kind of a little bit of yellow stone vibes but not as country I guess. But I get that episode 4. It's coming out right now again. I can't just binge it. Which is probably a good thing. Good things will come to those who wait. But I wouldn't mind just basically watch the entire show. Oh it was. Two. It's entirety in one sitting. Early sitting. Direct sitting. But when are you going to do it? I'm going to wait for something. But to the way I'm going to switch that phrase around and get it related to the workouts themselves. It's just a time thing. I mean to expect games after just like a month or two months. I give there legit. This is my end game level games. It's not exactly. It's not as easy. You can't make progress in that time period. But it's all about gradual percentage changes over the long run. We've all seen the numbers. If you got 1% better a day for I think a year it's like you are now 90% better so good. Excuse my yawning. I don't have a food today. But the caffeine from the pre-started end. The caffeine of the beta alanines specifically are starting to get me feel a little bit tingly. But let's all that to say is, you know, if you want bigger arms try to just enjoy your own workouts because you're going to have at least a couple of hundred before you get to probably whatever your end state is aiming to be. But playing for tonight's arm day. Keep it simple. And by simple. The cold adds to it too. I get the cold car. But when I say keep it simple, I just mean nothing too flashy. I'm talking just straight set. The dips, straight bar push downs, rope extensions. There's no need to do any kind of extra fancy overhead this twisting single. It's a funny deal. If something becomes too complicated, I think he kind of lose the actual value of just doing a regular rest fucking set. So it's, I don't see it that much. I do see it sometimes. Somebody's doing a really fancy curl twisted up on the way down, twisted back, then go back down and do a few back and forth. But I don't know how to just don't see it. Right. Of course, there's value in a very, very lift. You know, do some dumbbell curls. Counter that with some preachers. Counter that with some straight bar. Counter it with, uh, try to hold that with you. But counter that with like some straight arm, uh, straight arm. Pull down, like bicep biased. Like there's a lot of ways to do it. But the overarching theme across all of those sets is if you go hard, you will be pumped. And being pumps doesn't something mean that you're growing. But it's just a good indicator that what you did is at least put me close to the right direction. The lifter who gets pumped will be much more like that to get gains and the lifter doesn't. And it's not like a one to one guarantee. But you know, if a dude always has scrappy lifts, he's taking 10 minutes between sets. He's not really getting into it like his, uh, his, like, subjective or, I guess he could say, objective, like level of excitement and hype. It's not even close to 50% capacity. Then, you know, how can you expect that guy to be killed? How could you expect that guy to make legit gains if he's not given himself a legit stimulus? So that's where I can't really get behind all the guys where they're kind of like their anti-music. You know, they're like, well, I don't want to rely on my music because it's, it's just a distraction. You know, it's just like a crutch. Like, what if I don't have my headphones one day? What am I just not going to have to work out? You know, like little things like that. And I don't hear that much. But when I do, it's like, well, I kind of feel like you might be better off if you had some kind of tunes going. If they get you really excited and they have to up because then, I mean, just, like, I guess I'm not you. So I can't say that for sure. But for me, at least, if I've got a crazy S fucking song playing, just gets you excited. You know, and even if you're only going to do like a 30-pound set of squeezing dumbbell curls, the more like hype and excited and energized you are about them, the better. Because then you're more in tune with what you're doing, you're more excited about what you're doing. Like, that's your shows. You know, if you had two guys, uh, well, let's just like, what do people do? Right? Let's say somebody made you do your laundry or like clean your house, or like, like, back in your kit, you know, like you got two kids, the clean one, and then the messy one. The one who wants is room to be clean and just like, stays like that. Like, that's this baseline. Whenever he wants to clean this room, it's because he wants to do it. So, guy, I want this way to clean. That's how I want to do it. You know, if you got like a younger brother where him cleaning his room is like a chore, look what happens. Like, what's look with the end result is? All it is is, you know, if I could kick everything out of the bed and just made it, like bare minimum level results instead of a little bit more above it beyond style. But oh, that's to say, you know, if you're going to do something, do it 100% man. Because if you have acid, you're going to get half as results and then you're going to have to somehow explain those results later. If not to anyone else, definitely to yourself. And that's just not cool. You know, what are you supposed to say? It's like, yeah, I could have gone harder, but I just didn't really feel like it. That's not an awesome self-reflection of the half. But I think we'll leave the pre-lift chat at that. I got to plug in some directions because the this main road got closed down. There's like a big accident over there. It's my end of the week you turn. But either way, let's go get some triceps started. And the first movement I have a reason to believe will be I want to change up arms from what I normally do today. So my logical, actual supersets. I'm talking straight from the rope to dumbbell curls. And that will basically be one set of bisey trice. And then just kind of, you know, pair some shit starting from there. Not the craziest approach in the world, but if I go hard, it shouldn't be at the end. My arms should be completely pumped both of the ones. That is why I get my knees playing. Mmm I got it. Hmm. There. TB. There's only one seventy so I gotta do the sixty-five's. Oh my gosh. One more dose. That was a good little combo of something heavy. Squeezing focused over here. Oh my gosh. Yeah, one more at the straight double crochet. See you on my jacket. All right, same theme of a paired up movement. But this time dips followed by, I wouldn't say a machine preacher. I think a better description is just a regular machine curl. But it is a little bit preacherish because you have like a pad on the back of your tricep. But either way, this being a combo. And this will be a stark contrast in style. So these dips are going to be heavy. Like that 85 pounds of the rope, very manageable. Like what made those reps hard is the squeeze and like slow release. But here I'll go a little heavier in the tricep movement. And the curls will be a little more lighter sweeping. So just a total flip flop of a perch. Yeah. Yeah. Nice. Okay. Do everything. I'll go lighter. That's fine. Oh yeah. One more. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Let's go back to some cable for something overhead. So this will be overhead cable extension jumped into a decline drag and style hand curl by sets. So yeah, shit. I kind of got a theme going right now. The first set heavy buys lighter tricep. The second one heavy tries lighter buys. And now this pair of sets. These are both very stretch focused. Maybe the next ones are going to be squeeze focused. I'll use to say. But anyway, let's throw the sac around because with no extra weight that's within reason. Make sure I really feel my fucking arms bend as much as possible at the bottom. And then I only tip for the drag curls and go nuts. You can't really swing. I mean, he just kind of have to get yourself into a good sound. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my god. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I think the finisher is near. Let me think about it. Make sure. Pretty sure. This will be the ender. I'm thinking 10 or so reps regularly push down. Drop the cable lighten away because I can I can rep the stack pushed on twice curls not so much. But 10 or so regular push down's not to failure but to uncomfortability and basically. But that's not it. I'm not just going to be done. And I'll go back and forth back and forth a few times until my arms are completely burned out. Little rest pods super set style. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was a good under. Oh, my gosh. Alright, so let's be quick. The regular yoga room studio occupied. That's cool. Ain't get about a minute. We're letting line here. It's freaking enough anyway. And frankly, even if I was out in the freaking, you know, the outdoors on a cloudy day. Soft as letting ever. I don't think it'd be able to take away from today's arm pump. So by strides, both fully pumped at the exact same time is a rare occurrence. Doesn't freaking happen too often so I better enjoy it. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, one more backwards. And then I'll stop taking all the freaking public spots. Yeah. Oh, my gosh. Actually, when you say that. There we go. Now I should be looking a little more symmetrical. Oh, my gosh. Alright. Well, arms complete and thrashed beyond reasonable doubt. Let's get out of here. We're done. Arms pump to hell. A little bit of a quicker lift today, a little more efficient. And part of it, part of that arm did today was inspired by the last leg day where I did a two sets of hamstrings, two sets of quads, two sets of hamstrings, two sets of quads kind of back and forth in that sort of style, which dieting down that's when I like that. Because I mean, you gotta remember when I only consume or a sense of only consumed about 50 grams of carbs so far today. Oh, my gosh. I'm gonna break your stomach and eat it in a clock. I mean, good for me, I get to eat extra carbs tonight before I go to bed, so I'm not gonna be hungry when I go to sleep, which is just gonna make that, make the dieting phase, like sticking to my deficit a bit easier. But, I mean, when you're running low on carbs, like you basically had a gas tank of how carb-up you are. You know, how full of galega-jane and intramuscular circle plasmos, sorts of shit, which basically just makes your muscles extra full, right? mainly glycogen but when those gas tanks are low it's not as easy to get us pumps up your muscular endurance is a little bit lower than peak and your pump fades you know carb-dup it's the complete opposite you know so it really is kind of a bummer to have to go from carb-dup to carb-depleted because you're simply getting you got a hard time getting pumps you lose your pump faster and your little bit weaker I mean if I were to eat 500 grams of carbs the next three days which wouldn't be an awesome idea especially in that sense I'm trying to continue to get leaner but split reality I would be lifting heavier weights I would look freaky here because all of the muscle on my whole build would be up a touch because they fill back up with carbs I'd be extra pumped given that I have been depleted for like two months or so now I'd probably feel like insanely pumped and I'd be like holy crap instant level up but that's the that's the tricky part right that's the give I don't know I guess I guess that's the take the give is you gotta be flat to be in a deficit it's just a nature of it you know so if you're actually eating in a calorie deficit on the regular then you are going to be carb-depleted right you're gonna be on the flatter side of normal so it's you know it's kind of a if you're hungry then it's working type situation with a diet you know so it's a it's definitely tricky there's not really much getting around it right make sure you get your pump ingredients and whatever pre-work at your taken so they get your extra nitric oxide blood flow vasodilation and as long as you're very hydrated I'm talking water with electrolytes I got a I got a gallon jug sitting in the car I've been sitting on this whole time that's gonna help you get some good sleep make sure you hit your protein you are still you know eating enough food while maintaining your deficit you're still gonna be able to work at pretty hard right I mean I don't I don't walk into these lifts when I'm dieting I think oh my god I'm dying which maybe in a few months I will because I've never been stage ready lean I've only been like this lean maybe a little bit leaner really diced that's gonna come with his own with his own consequences which I have yet to see or I guess it's own challenges right but it's just the it's what it takes man so you can make it easier in yourself prep some meals you know make four pounds of ground beef leave it in the fridge whenever you're hungry for something have that first I'm not saying don't have like a sweet but if when you're hungry and it's time for a meal if you have a legit meal first right 50 grams of protein 20 is some kind of carb maybe 10 of fat from like whatever sort of sauce you put on it or maybe add a slice of just like a slice of American cheese if that does it for you I know I've got some fridge at all times just because I like it like you know not it not even like 10 slices of day I mean you know one every so often but like just little things and then if you really need something maybe open the cupboard open the open the pantry grab a little grab a little something and ideally you don't just immediately have like Reese's minis in the big ass bag for you to grab like you know keep some keep some intermediary sweets before you go complete the off the rails like I've always I've been getting these little bags of like different sort of fruit flavor granola and I can have like it's very light like it's an airy kind of crunchy sort of thing so I can have like a full mouth full of this stuff and it's only 15 grams of carbs when I weigh it out in the scale but yeah I'm not gonna turn this into a whole calorie deficit drive back to the crib but that is the factor which I've not changed which is making me get leaner it's not that I'm training harder it's not that I'm sleeping in some kind of different way or I've discovered like whim-hoff breathing it's because I'm eating less calories than I'm burning per day and my body's got a burn nose extra calories and keep itself moving from somewhere so instead of just like photosynthesis which I guess if that were possible then I maybe dieting down would be impossible but it's just gonna come from your internal fat stores man right so that's where look up some mat look up well maintenance calorie calculator how to track your macros tutorial beginners on YouTube and just go from there that would be the that's my last stick of at the dieting for now but solid arm day yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm I'm gonna sleep hard tonight I think I might have to bump it up to 40 minutes a cardio the morning soon not yet because I'm still losing weight at a relatively steady pace I was 2308 this morning so we're getting down there my so the basic plan which like I don't have a specific show pick yet once once those dates get really locked down this is gonna this series is gonna flip from the winter shredathon to like prep day whatever which I guess technically you could say I'm like prepping right now but all prepping is you know you're dieting down for a show so it doesn't make change much for me all I'm doing is taking a few levels further than I usually do but I was a yeah so but once I get that you know time frame down that's the plan for February ish so that's my time frame but for my height for classic physique I have got a weigh in in check-ins at 217 now that's 217 dry cut a bit of water totally absolutely depleted and then you've got kind of from check-in until finals that night need a couple extra carbs fill back up a little bit and then you look like a real freak that night so I'm well you tell me I mean I know comment sections aren't always the most awesome source of information but if any of you guys have some body-building competition history I'm under the impression that if I can get to about 27 lean walk around weight so within the next basically 10 weeks continue to lose about one pound per week then those last couple days of really getting you know depleted and dry I think I can drop about 10 pounds of water so for my size I mean if I like if my water and take his off after like a day of travel or whatever I'll wake up like six pounds lighter than next to anyway so 10 doesn't feel like a stretch and then that should put me at well just as lean as all end up being you know but that's so as long as I'm on that sort of pound a week track then I am good I am freaking good but I'll keep you updated once I get that actually planned out because some of these shows aren't planned out until like reasonably close to when they're gonna happen especially the smaller local ones but yeah that'll I'll keep you updated with whenever we really kind of hone down how that's gonna look but apart from that I mean nothing really changes you know still just diving down like normal like no matter what your end goal is dieting wise like getting leaner it's still always just calories and calories out man do your cardio train hard don't over eat hit your protein try to maintain all the muscle you've already built up and then just gradually get leaner and the scale will be a very good indicator of if you're on track or not because if you're the same 180 that you've always been they probably not getting leaner man you just probably eat a little bit too much yeah but yeah it's all we gotta say there so I've got legs to tomorrow I'm gonna try to do a bit of an earlier lift I need to get on a little bit more of a regular schedule because I've been kind of just lifting like whenever like later in the evening five, six sometimes like three if I'm extra ready for it but I think I'm gonna try to get a little bit more of a set of routine where I'm lifting on a more consistent like time-cramed basis the cardio I'm good with the cardio is like roll out a bed caffine of some variety drink some drink like a leader or so a water go to the bike at 35 minutes that's quick but the lift is a little more variable and I kind of want to get this routine a bit more well just smooth in a way maybe smooth's not the right word but maybe consistent is what I'm thinking about so I think the lift in it more similar times might do me good keep my sleep schedule a little bit better not that I've been sleeping bad or anything but that is something I want to continue to try to to try to optimize always room to improve like I think that's something that I definitely do not want to try to put out is the idea that like yeah you know I know exactly every little detail facet of what I'm doing and I implemented perfectly like no man you know simply I mean don't forget it nothing is perfect right but to even have the idea that you are you know I know it all body building training like kind of just you know what are you talking about or completely close in yourself after any new idea come on right I mean we've all heard the classic sort of phrases like the guy who the guy who asks a question is a fool for a minute the guy who never asks one is a fool for life like you gotta you know you gotta be wrong for a little bit before you can figure out how to be right and I think with the training that is as true as anything you know so it's like if you're putting in a reasonably conscious effort on the regular trying to improve your routine trying to improve your routine you're you're a team again trying to improve your sleep in your training and like looking at your metrics you track your way you track your calories you get into or you work your way up to tracking your calories or you work your way up to tracking your way like any of these little just small percentage changes will begin to add up and before you know it you're gonna be saying the same shit like yeah crap those open your packets aren't really they're kind of upset and messed up man I got a switch to cream or write so I got a switch to cream a week or just like random little details like that like the the adjustments you'll end up making later on become so like fine tune to you that I mean you almost you know it almost feels crazy for you to think that like two months and to work it out but I think it'll really give you a real real real yeah I'm sure he tested my blood sugar with like one of the one of the blood glucose monitors it's probably on the lower end of like 60 or something getting a little hypos well 60s and hypoclicy that'd be like more like 30 or so but I can tell when I'm dieting down sometimes especially if I'm talking like directly after a lift it's usually legs that like I can feel I'm running low on carbs and that's what your brain is we can run it out for the most part you know so it's just feel it will not absent minded but kind of like sometimes we just go our way well good lift I'm gonna stay well within my calorie deficit for tonight and then I'm gonna get some crazy ass sleep wake up cardio in the morning you need a couple more meals tomorrow and then have a nice what's a good descriptor a nice pump and I pump inducing leg day tomorrow and that was a I don't think the guy was talking to me that day was getting cut into traffic but either way the year is almost over so if you look back and think fuck she locked in my damn I said I was gonna go crazy this year just didn't make it happen right the bright side of that statement right the end the opposite side of the coin you got all of next year to try again you know but the sooner that you can jump start that that you know really trying part the better because as much as you can really like hope core like you can always you've always got time there's not infinite time we only get so much so the sooner you can start locking in the better but now I'm just saying classic mumbo jump I'm a freaky ass pump I'll see if there's a leg tomorrow