I don't think it's necessarily anybody's fault specifically, but training legs legs getting a love. The lower body does not get as much love as chest arms, shoulders, at least not for enough of the male demographic. It's kind of crazy to complete opposite on the other side of the spectrum. But yeah, we want to say it legs, man. It's hard. It's not a lot of fun. And I think the thing with legs is there's not much to, there's not much to flex about with legs. And what I mean by that is if you do an a crazy S arm day, even if you're 180 freaking pounds, your arms are fucking pumped up. You get bigger arms. That looks pretty fucking cool. And arms aren't a lift where you get crazy props for lifting super heavy. You never bad S arm day, which is a 30 pound set of dumbbells, doing some curls. There's no point. So the showoffee part is just kind of in doing it. But with legs, not so much. Where's what are you supposed to do? For anybody who's rapping above three plates is kind of a rarity. So it's like the flex of it takes a little while. Because it takes a bit to even get to that level of strength. And then I think people just don't feel as cool if you're sitting doing like a set of leg curls compared to doing some kind of shit. Rherended. You fucking, I got to go to, man. Holy shit. Not Jesus. Well, either way, three current pile up here. I was about to say, oh, now I'm getting distracted. Yeah, so it's, I think it's just not cool. If you're sitting doing a set of leg extensions, there's a little bit of hype there. But hamstrings especially, now breaking down legs in a subculture. There's not as much hype when you're doing a, you know, when you're doing a set of leg curls compared to anything else. So that's where you got to be. That's a probably legs is the lift where you've got to have the most sort of contact with your delayed gratification. And, you know, it's easy to get hyped up about legs, at least for me. Because usually the way I think about is like, oh, yeah, nobody wants to do it. Nobody wants to do the hard shit. Everybody wants to sit around and fucking, you know, do bench and back and shoulders and arms. There's a reason you don't see a lot of guys. Well, actually, there's a legitimate reason. You know, it's a lot of guys post leg day videos like any kind of, you know, influencer character. And it's not just because they were skipping legs or anything. That's how I'm saying. People don't watch them. You know, legs not only gets no love from a consistency standpoint of anybody else, but yeah, I'm not sure what the solution to that is, you know, I'm not necessarily making a, I've gotten those suggestions on doing it's making an observation. So if you're on the edge, if you're teetering around, you know, some of your buddies are going to say, oh, come on, we're all lifting the Friday at five. We're all doing chest. You're really going to do arms. You're, you're really going to do legs. You're really going to leave us and then, you know, go do your own thing. But the fuck man. So the peer pressure is strong. So not only legs are hard, you know, getting to kind of like extra satisfaction pound leg pump. And then also, you get dudes at your gym physically trying to get you to skip legs. You know, the odds are against you. But that's where you can pull sort of an underdog move, right? Hit legs like a nutcase anyway. And then fast forward how many months, even during a bulking phase, you should be able to see some pretty noticeable differences. But it is going to take off. So in terms of the progression of my leg training, it is much different than when I was a beginner. So it's not like you have to make any of these changes right this second. You know, I mean, back when I started, I didn't even do hamstrings in my mind. I thought, why do I want the back of my leg to be bigger? That doesn't make any sense for cares. I'll just work my quads. So I think I probably went six or seven months maybe with like very minimal hamstring training. Like it took me a while to even get to the point where I started doing that even. But after that, yeah, just kind of increase from there. Hamstrings and hamstring curls and leg extensions there, my bread and butter. But I think it was maybe four years deep, four in something. I don't know. I like that work, but I wasn't doing a crazy mental leg press or squats. Once I started doing the squats, I can see something that's where it's, well, maybe not like just the rate of growth. I mean, it's completely different depending on the dude. But that's where I saw better results for me. Just because I'm getting into deep kind of press, it's like taking somebody who only ever does cable flies or pectech and then showing them like a chest press. Once you figure that out, like, oh shit, I should be doing this. Why the hell have I not been doing this? So for a while, I think I almost took it a little bit too far. Kind of, you know, it's kind of being a squat supremacist in a way, because I would say in the quads, I'm looking back at all the Tom Plats clips. Why would you ever do leg press? Why would you do an inferior movement, right? I think he might have gone a little overboard. But when it comes to leg training, there's not much room for criticism, for Mr. Plats. Of course. There is a big difference between the lift or who squats on the regular and the one who does it. I'd say it's a similar difference between someone who really goes nuts on squats versus someone who just is kind of leg extensions and maybe some leg press. And then somebody who only does, well, upper body, right? Not to be a leg day skipping basher, but it's kind of a, so. Oh, that's just a, with this lift tonight, given that I'm dieting down, I'm just trying to maintain and not tweak anything. Probably not going to see a five plate squat, but I will make sure I get a nasty ass squat pump more than stimulating enough to maintain all the beef I've got built up. So hamstrings, very similar to normal, Artiels, laying curls, seated curls of some variety. I might even have some supersets in there if I feel crazy. And quads will just be, whatever quads that's not being, you know, some leg squeezing, leg extensions, maybe get a little heavier if everything feels kind of good. And leg press of, yeah, not going to go so crazy and the leg press might just do some single leg kind of stuff. And then maybe back to some Sissy squat, leg extension, the supersets, and that'll be the end of it. And I'll probably camp out of the ad-ductor machine as well. That's one thing I can't really, I can't really stress enough. The ad-ductor machine, right, like the ball crusher when you're sitting there, squeezing your legs together. That's not just a random ass move that really strengthens all sort of stabilizers. Intra, you know, what's this bone? Femur to spine, or wreckters, all sorts of stuff. It, yeah, can't speak highly enough of that. Because if I, you know, squat or doing a leg press or anything, and I haven't been doing much ad-ductor work or any ad-ductor work at all, it really does kind of show in my feeling of stability and confidence when I'm pressing. Because if your ad-ductor's in a week, man, I mean, sure you can have pretty fucking strong quads, but if you start pushing too hard or too heavy, it's probably gonna end up pulling something. You know, it's like so counter-intuitive, right? It's like, I'm doing a squat, why would my ad? I'm not squeezing my legs together. If you're really pressing, they do end up getting a pretty good amount of activation. So like anything, you know, same thing with your rotator cuff, make sure your whole system is moving. So before I even do a set of amphrine curls, I'm gonna camp out of the adductor machine for at least a couple of sets just to kind of get the area warm with a little bit of extra blood flowing. But until then, I think let's just, let's all get to say. So let's get this leg day started. Let's keep the classic. So with the heavy set of leg curls, slow and fucking controlled, I think, well, you probably shouldn't go that heavy anyway. But I think I'm kind of at a point where the stack is reasonable weight. Because this is gonna be like a set of 10 minimum with a full contraction, pause, and a slow eccentric. But the real gist I'm trying to get at is like, you know, pick a weight that's heavy enough. With something like hamstrings, they get no love. I feel like they just get treated like an accessory movement, which depending on the movement isn't a bad thing. You know, sometimes doing some stuff for your rotator, especially as a warm up. I mean, I'll catch myself just, I mean, I'm literally listening to like a video on my phone while I'm sitting here doing some kind of warm up stuff. Every set doesn't have to be like a ball to the wall, explosion of intensity. But with a regular working set, this is legit muscle group I want to build. Don't take it too easy. Like, you know, push yourself to legit failure. Maybe not for a weight that's so heavy on you, fight reps. But within that 10 to 12 range, I say, go as heavy as you can where that 10th rep is like a legit run. But that's a, it's too couple of these and then we'll move on to something else. Oh, my, okay. Yeah, Robbie, I wanted to more like that. And then I think, well, either land crawls or artiels would be next. Yeah, that was good one. ooh violent Oh my god Okay Looks hard Let's move on. But not to another hamstring movement. I think if you have a change of plans for the form of that a this like day, which I'll explain in one second. It's been a while, but on occasion, more so for arms, sometimes I like doing two sets of tries, two sets of buys, back and forth, back and forth like that, maybe you kind of have a, I wouldn't say super setting, but almost like tandem workout. So I do it sometimes with legs and usually only when I'm diving. Something maybe it's like some of the extra rest, because hamstrings now get basically two sets of rest while I do quads. So it's almost like I can build up some strength again, or kind of let them have a little bit of in-set recovery, but half of it is also, once this workout's over, since I've been doing hamstrings in quads at the same time, my legs are pumped front to back. Usually if I do all hamstrings then all quads, my quads are fully pumped, but my hamstrings it's kind of deflated at touch. And especially in a dieting phase, it's just the nature of a man, your pump is fucking fleeting. So let's start with some single leg leg extensions alternating reps. So 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, not too heavy either. Like actually this is pretty moderate weight. So this would be more of a burning out, it's kind of set, really just half working set, half like warm up so that when I move on to something like a leg press or whatever else, likewise there are almost primed for it. But either way, I want to squeeze the shit out of everyone in these reps. I'm gonna give a quads burning with a different song though. No right now. questa use Oh my gosh. All right. Let's go a little heavier and then do one more. And this next one I might make a little bit faster paced. A little more of a burnout style than a slow squeeze style. But one more and then back to some kind of curl. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Let's do some light curls now. No. This one will be on the lighter side. But again, I really want to get a good squeeze out of it. So imagine curling 50s versus 25s. If from curling 50s, just doing the rep is the hard part. If from curling 25s, I can really give it a hard squeeze at the top. Which occurs damage very quickly. Like I get a so much hate on the squeeze. Like it's I don't know why it's the meta to be like you only have to focus on the stretch position. Dude, if I did all these reps and I was barely contracted in the stretch position and all I do is bounce around the stretch position. Oh, it's rewind if you say it's if I didn't squeeze during the squeeze position and all I did was bounce around the stretch position. My pump would not be as far as good. You got a contrast with the squeeze with the stretch. Right? And we're getting in the game. I've said that a couple times, I'll probably say it a few more. It's kind of a good analogy. But this will be a squeezing set. Relatively faster pace though. Not too slow. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Oh, you're acting. Oh. That was good actually. I think one more just like that'll be nice. No. Oh, I got it. That was good. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Let's make this one a bit lighter. With the reps is done in a bit of a different way. Right? Yeah. You're going to have to pick up. This will be sort of like a half a rep style sort of thing. So half way up. Pause completely stop the momentum. And then I can't just ride the weights movement because I stopped it. So I have to send extra signals and really squeeze my quad, which is obvious. Right? I mean, it's it's a simple. I go obviously you have to flex your quad to move the weight. But it's usually so typical that like we exert our hardest signals at the bottom of a rep to get it started. And then once the weight is already moving, you know, it's like why I don't really love dumbbell rows. Why I'd rather do it the cable row because if you launch it at the bottom, you can just ride that weight up to it at the top. And then just keep launching it like you're a spring like that's the activation. So doing a pause rep like this, it does help me get a good kind of connection with okay. That's what it feels like to really squeeze instead of just down here at the bottom. But after this one, I think back to leg curls and just go from there. And I am aware I just said in the car all that shit about how I'm trying to change up my quad training from doing the leg extension leg curl stuff. This is not a building workout per se. There's as much more in tune with maintaining the quasi of already built. We'll have you up there. Alright. Yeah. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Okay. One more like that. It's slightly heavier though. This one's just going to be as many reps as possible. Burning out and probably the simplest way there is. No. No. No. No. No. I can't get up. I like that. I can't close the bat. I'm really supposed to have a point. No. No. No. No. No. Oh my god. Yeah. That's enough. Alright. So paired with the badass song, which I have yet to pick. This is going to be a reasonably torturous. Like per se. I want to mean by that is like it's not. I'm million pounds is going to crush me if I fail. It's that it's actually light enough that I can do 10 quick. I can do like maybe 14 or something without like pausing at the top. But then it's kind of gets extra challenging. It's like a little bit hard. You're long. Obviously you're fucking breathing. You're working the biggest muscle on your body requires. But yeah, it's just a different way to go back. And sets of leg press like this. Higher rep lighter weight. I want to really get my quads pumped up. Like heavy sets definitely do it. But some of these lighter more. I guess kind of volume focus sets. Really just final blood in here like. Well, what gets funneled. Alright. Some shit like that. But let me pick a good sign. Give this out. Bring me the horizon fails to let me down. In a while though, let me see what comes up. Yeah. King's lighter action. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Oh my god. I'm going to give myself some assistance with the press. I might own quads at the top of those. Oh my god. Yeah. This is a good leg pump. A little bit of hamstring activation from the leg pressing too. Not to be forgotten about. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. You're good. Oh, I did okay. Oh, yeah. I think that's finished with one more set of those leg extensions. That would be it. A little less pressing than I had in mind, but a lot more leg inflation than I had predicted either. So, you're good little given give. But one more. And then I think let's suppose that, see, it legs look off of 120 grams of carbs. Let's sum... Let me think about this. I want this to be a very pumping set. So, if you could call each of the sets of done so far and experiment on, like, what the set wise versus how it felt for today, the sets of quads, they made my quads, well, just feel the most pumped. At least of the leg extensions, or the ones where I kind of threw the weight around a little bit. Like, not to the point where does this as ludicrous? This is stupid. Like, if someone's doing a set and you see this, like, they kick it into the air and catch it. That's, you know, I think you're within the realm of goofiness, beyond, like, stimulus, right? But a quicker rep, which still has tension all the way through. That's in the green, and that's good. So, I think let's just do alternating reps, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, until quad destruction. A little heavier. How about 145? 145 paired with... paired with what? Yeah, in the night, GXX got dang it. ......... yukaaaak, Let's get a surprising. Right leg went out before the left. Ooh, yeah, we're good. Let's not waste any time talking. Get straight to the mirror. And see if there's any new veins. All right. Quads, hamstrings, both complete. And I would say both equally complete. Not so much bias towards one or the other. Well, last couple of quad days, or the last couple of leg days, I've had a back off a touch on quads just because of my own stupidity. I was going to wait to have a couple of lifts like two weeks back, like 12 plate leg press. And you know, in like the lower 2000s of a calorie intake, that doesn't really match in terms of the rest and recovery set of things. You know, so I've had to take it a touch easier on quads. Which I still am, you know, at least in like the weight department. But I think now back, so now I just have to curb my ego, quad-wise, and not go so fucking crazy. But one thing that I think might change soon, might start busing out some shorts just for legs. Well, okay, actually maybe not. I don't like bare skin on the leg extension pad. That's not really something I'm into. Yeah, that's really things up. See, I've got so many older pairs of shorts, which I used to really like, and which now I just can't even fucking wear anymore. They don't fit my quads. All right, cool problem to have, but honestly, I have like, like these shorts fit a second to go. I don't have a lot of shorts like that that I actually would wear. But I'm actually kind of telling myself to shut up just from looking at this. Yeah, about we get a little extra zoom just for this sort of display purposes. So this is this is just the veins that are out purely from standing. No breath hold, no nothing like these ones are just here. So let me take in a big breath really squeeze and see just how many we can force out. But either way, yeah, this one especially is probably the freakier side. There's some, there's some veins in here. And the right leg is actually a little bigger up in this quadrant of a quad, but yeah, I think the left side has the vein, the vein superiority, whatever. Oh, no. No, I got it. And then I'm even just standing, glutes are going to fucking be exceeded by the thickness of the hamstrings, eventually not yet. I mean, like my hamstrings are small, but they're not overpowering, but which is why you're not going to catch me do any like hip thrust. Like glute wise I'm all right, I need more quad and hamstring. But let's see what the arm looks like, you know, here. No, oh my gosh. Oh, well, I would, I would pop a squat and do a little bit of post lift model I'll just right now, but the music is so loud, let's just cut to the car. But yeah, man, I mean, nothing to fucking complain about. And then they're only going to get freaky from here. Let's try to pay at least a sense of an homage. Yeah, not the same fucking freak factor, but it's still a quad nonetheless. So it's going to car. I have a post lift discussion and then get ready for, I guess you're ready for bed, then. It's fucking late. That was a really good fucking leg pump. Right. And half of that is to do with the fact that that lift was pump oriented. And what I mean by that is like my main goal was not necessarily like complete destruction a little bit more so in the stimulating kind of side of thing. Right, you know, that was cool. That's a, so that's one thing I have kind of implemented before is I've had a couple of really cool shirts like a long sleeve, whatever a couple of like some all like short sleeve. Just let me just play that fucking church and they used to be very baggy. Like they used to be like draped over me and you know, I just didn't get rid of them or anything. You know, even if they get tears or holes because over time. And I've kind of filled them up. Even, I mean, I've had shirts that I, you know, were extra big on me when I was one. 60 and then once I got up to like 200 or so by the end of high school, I was like, whoa, that shirt is a little tight. That shirt is coming out of the daily roster. You know, got to be retired, got to make a pit stop and find something else. So same thing with the shorts. It's just a, it's a cool physical milestone where you're like, okay. Hmm. I was, or I used to fit into these. And now I'm now I don't. And that might seem like pretty arbitrary to be uninitiated, right, to the non-lifter. But, you know, it's anybody who's really been putting in a lot of effort into working out and trying to make physical progress. Right. I mean, usually just for it's own sake, you know, or, I mean, if you're doing some kind of sports specific thing, that's a little different. You got a different metrics that you're aiming for. But, you know, it's as simple as shit, man. You know, something that I, something that I couldn't do before. I can do now. All right. Guess it's kind of a reverse. Something you used to fit into before you can't now. But, I mean, that's just cool. You know, again, it's a very, it's a very validating kind of thing to see that, right? I mean, that's, and then it just feeds into your motivation. You know, I'd say out-growing clothes, seeing people you haven't seen for, you know, at least like six or so months. And then they noticed that you've like beefed up a touch or in reverse. I mean, I run, I'm bouncing around all sorts of gyms. So I see it on both ends. You know, in my, at my level of things, like, and especially how I'm doing it, I've got insane weight fluctuations. I'm, I'm damn near 35 pounds lighter right now than I was, like six months ago, or four months ago or something. Or whenever, you know, my peak hadiest was. So, I mean, if somebody, if I even run into somebody for like six months or so, they don't know what the fuck they're going to run into, right? They're either like, like either extra big and soft or a bit leaner and dice peel, kind of, I'd say, in a subjective sense, better looking. I mean, like, do not give me wrong. I love the bulk look. But it's kind of just, like, a stepping stone to get into just big and lean. But I mean, fast forward a couple more weeks of dieting. I mean, I'm already feeling the hunger even when I was doing that. When I was walking into legs there, I was like, I could tell I probably wouldn't mind slamming, you know, some kind of random ass protein bar or something, just to have, like, something in my stomach, right? But until then, you know, it's, I like both sides of the same coin, right? bulk up, cut down, big and strong, leaner and crazier looking. It's a good little back and forth, you know? But, but yeah, I mean, seeing legit third person sort of validation or objective, like, values where you said holy crap. I've been trying to beef up. I've been trying to, like, bulk and count my calories. I haven't stepped on a scale for a few weeks. I'm six pounds heavier. Or I'm however, I'm pounds heavier and whatever time frame. Holy shit. What I've been doing has been working. And usually it doesn't take much. It does not take much to feed that sort of, uh, drive to say, hold crap. Okay, if what I've been doing has gotten me these results, and I like these results, then if I keep doing what I'm doing, or I do what I'm doing even harder, more diligently, then I'm going to get even more results, right? And it's just kind of, uh, sort of an upward positive style. I mean, I kind of want to say a addictive thing, right? Because, I mean, the second that you, um, you know, go to grandma's house and you haven't been there for a year or something, and she says, who is that? That is not my grandson, I don't know. Like, that's a cool feeling, you know? So, it's not the end all be all of life, of course, just being bigger, but it is certainly a fun aspect to it. And I'm sure I take it a bit too far, but, you know, what are you going to do? Right? Everybody needs a thing. My thing just also happens to be the work and out. And it's like, it doesn't have to be just lifting, you know? I think everybody should be working out, but not everybody has to take it to such a crazy level, you know? Like, don't be, don't be fooled. I'm like, I'm self aware that I'm taking this to totally, it's just crazy point of like time and dedication and effort, but, you know, just wire like that, right? You'd say the same shit about somebody who was like, cooped up in their car, I do work in hours and hours upon like, like, welding and modding cars and sort of shit like that, or like getting really crazy into coding. One of my friends, he told me, or he keeps me updated sometimes. One of his brothers is like a crazy ass high level, like, coder, like national world level competitions. It's just crazy to see what happens when he's do something for hours on end, on repeat, and you're doing it actively. And usually that only lines up with things that you like. So for you, I mean, you're your own dude, you've got your own life experiences and preferences, and you've got your own like, narrow pathways. Like, two guys can live pretty similar up or things and be like completely different on the outside of it. You know, I can't even be predicted. So I think there is a bit of an overlap of certain things for certain people, where it's like, okay. I like this. I have a little bit of a natural kind of like aptitude for it, and I like it, that's usually it. I like it, and I've got an aptitude for it. So if you can combine those two things, or potentially find something that you can really dive into, like that, and just put hours upon hours of time and effort into, and then you get some kind of something back, and it doesn't have to be like, it's not monetary, it's not like competing wise. It's, I mean, it's really just taking a hobby to the extreme, you know, because you get a certain, like, development, I think, from having something like that. And it just feels better, you know, because regardless of whatever kind of random shit you got to do that day, or that week or that whatever, if you've always got something to spend a couple hours on, or even just an hour, like on, doesn't have to be every day, every couple of days, whatever, where you can get really excited about it. You're just enjoying your time for the sake of enjoying it in the moment, like it's not for any other purpose, like that's just fucking fun, you know? So that's where I say, everybody's got to have a thing like that. Or at least it would be nice if everyone did. And if you feel like you don't, then that should just be a cue that you haven't found it yet. You know, and you got to start looking around, right? Try new shit, you know, pick up, well, I don't know, right? It's up to you. And it really comes down to like, okay, what do you think would be cool to be good at? There's a beginner stage for everything. And honestly, right now, is probably the peak time period of being able to utilize all the information on the internet to learn shit. Right? We're a little bit before the age of like, near a link, whatever, where, you know, if you want to get good at working out, you can just download like, you know, the work and out update into your mind. Hopefully you think, don't get that crazy, but you know, whatever. So it's like any niche interest or whatever that you want to get into. There is already hours upon hours of information that's been documented. And with everything, there's always a place for people to talk about instructions and how to do it and how to get into it and different tips and all sorts of everything. So it's like the barrier to entries, it's on your end. I mean, if you think something could be cool to get into for whatever reason, I think go for it. And then the worst thing that happens is, eh, I don't know if I really, I don't know if I actually really care about that. And then you just, you know, you had a face. And afterward, shipment, you probably learned something. Or if you didn't learn much, you at least learned okay. I don't really like that. Let's try some other shit, right? And then just by pure statistics, eventually you should find something where you're really into it. Right? Be it, ah, the fact man, I'm, you know, what else do people do, right? Who knows, maybe you could be the next world championship boulder. I mean, I don't know, right? That's, it's not for me to tell. It's for you to find out. But I like it. Because then I can go to bed and say, oh, I did that. I had a really good lift. I was sweet, okay. I really pushed myself. Or I can say, oh man, I can't wait to go eat chest tomorrow. Which, I can't wait to go eat chest tomorrow. I'm already getting myself like an excited about it. But you know, it's, it's just nice. Because like regardless of if you're planning to have, like, you know, hang out with somebody or like go do something extra, like just for fun. You've always got something to look forward to and to enjoy on a daily basis. So, that's where I, that's where I say, you gotta find something to fill that void. So, I mean, just a little tip, which I'm kind of spoiled. I found mine a while ago. All right, like this working out thing is, not at the end of it yet. And I don't seem to be for, well, forever. And this is kind of going to be a, a long term type situation, which the longer the better. All right, I mean, if you were like, done with it in just a couple of months, I think that's where some of you guys could learn from some long term thought processes, and then you could enjoy like one piece or, you know, or anything else long like that. That is the crazy shit ever. So people will totally watch all of the game of thrones, but then they'll hate on one piece and say it's too long. And if I can nuts, I'm not going to have to do that. But either way, that's all I got for a little post-lift talk. Good leg session. Now I'm ready to go eat something. I predict ground beef. I predict your ground beef. And then whatever sides will be paired with R to be determined. And half of that is just to be determined by what I've got. I think a grocery trip is long overdue. So I can guarantee that I'll see you tomorrow for chest. And a grocery haul, or I guess the amount of you can haul just a grocery trip, you know, popular cart. That is also in the near future. But I'll see you for chest tomorrow.