Yeah, alright, you know what, let's do, let's do no intro for a little while, see how that goes. For the guy with a new intro the last year and a half. Let's get right to it. I had no point in dilly, delling, hype me up. Only one thing is about to get done. And that is a reasonably freaky arm pump, which has its own hype onto itself. But how much do you really need to add onto it? Because not every lift is going to be like a game-changing PR-added lift, room-shaking, screaming event. And I don't think there's supposed to be either, you know, because if that were the bar, every lift that you ever did, and if you couldn't hit that level of like hype and excitement, then you know, you just wouldn't get any results, then each. I don't know if I didn't be interested, you know? I mean, that's like, it's all cool and good to get extra crazy, excited like that. And maybe I'm just saying that doesn't really get me going as much. Because from me adding come up with working out as more of a group activity, kind of a solo kind of thing, parallel play. Like everybody I'm working out with who I'm buddies with, you know, they're doing their own workout. You know, get a spot here and there, but for the most part, everybody's kind of just focusing on their own stuff. But, you know, that's kind of a, that's sort of a positive end of drawback of the highlighted like hype. Shit that gets posted all over like, well, just everywhere. It's good to get to you excited about the work I'm out. But it's only highlighting the cool parts, you know? I noticed this a lot. I look at all the fitness videos specifically in like a different lens now that I've kind of been behind the scenes of them. People do not post leg days as much. Posts videos about them doing their cardio or just sitting in like track in the calories. And all the things that make up the framework of why they're fucking jacked. It's always just straight up. I think chest days are the most popular out of them all. Followed by arms followed by back. Shoulders is up there too, maybe, maybe tied for second place. And then legs and all related. There below there are their deep here, not a little in that little list. So that's kind of a motivation of, okay, well, I want to post shit that gets, that gets a lot of like views and engagement. That's the whole point of posting. So, maybe don't record my leg days. Maybe, you know, the skip legs, maybe he cares. I can record it anyway. Let's just go ahead and chest today. Right? So it's almost like the situation of knowing that, okay, a lot of people are watching this stuff that I'm doing. Like, I'm putting myself in the mind of anybody who's got reasonable influence. Is that okay? Well, people don't really care about leg days. All right, I show only post when I look absolutely insane and post the coolest lifts, you know, but there's more tooth in that. So if you're only looking at like the top 1% or as a viewer, if you're trying to compare yourself to, perfect lighting, cool, like fancy ass fucking camera. So look, you're going to look way different with like a big ass, like Sony lens versus like your phone camera. Lighting, fully pumped, fully vaney. I got to say lighting again because it can play such a crazy role. And potentially like straight up Photoshop shit. Like if you're comparing yourself to that 1% that gets shown around, then you're asking for fucking trouble. You know, so don't forget there's a lot of stuff in the back end that isn't so glamorous, but it's much more important. Right, once the cool is part of the impairment, the top, that little pinnacle peak. But if it weren't for all the extra shit underneath holding it up, there would be no peak, right? So at least from my perspective, that's where I get most excited about like, okay. Obviously, when I post down for this arm pump, I'm going to feel fucking cool. But I know that the only reason that I'm going to look leaner than I have been. Ooh, ooh, ooh. Leaner, look as though I'm getting leaner progressively, is because I've been putting in, making sure that I track all my calories, don't exceed my limits, doing, I mean, fucking hell, and now we're getting up into the hour of cardio for day range. This is getting kind of serious. That's what's all resulting in that end state. So if that's the case, okay, I want to start working on it. I want to have some bad ass, or I want to make some TikTok pump posing at it, so, right? Well, maybe I should start doing more cardio, maybe I should start tracking my calories, and leverage my diet towards the specific goals that I have. Definitely train hard like in that case, I think everybody gets that part of it. Make sure my recovery is a good compliment to the intensity of the training. And then, just keep up the pace. You don't have to be red lining it, lift after lift after lift. But, you know, if you're up in that 80, 90% range of effort consistently, as time progresses, I mean, I look back at, oh, geez, I need to compile all my old pictures. Like, I get a picture of me in the basement from like four or something years ago, doing like a side chest pose, time fucking flies. Or time freaking flies, you know, I kind of broke trying to stop swear. I'm really starting to think about it. Because it's so weird, I never talk like this normally. It's only when it's like me and you and the car and the gym, something about it, just turns me into a gosh dang sailor. But I really, I mean, I've been saying this forever. I really am trying to back off on it. So keep, keep note, if you notice, superior to time where I don't drop any F bombs, maybe it was a bit of a nice little favor. If you can give us a validation of what the, like, the guy who comments the F bomb counter, I want to get to a point where that's zero. But it's more of a back end goal. Primary goal number one, let's go get a nasty arm pump starting with some triceps. No need for a lot of weight for this start, especially given the fact that I'm dying down. I mean, you're not going to see a set of, definitely not an opening set of push downs where it's full stack, three plates on the side with a straight bar. I just think you're moving. And this is me talking to myself in the past. Let's just move in a way to move it. So about 120 on this stack with two moderate length de-handles. And instead of just doing a rope extension, which the primary fucking, like, feature of a rope is the fact that, like, well, let's just say this is a rope here. As you do the rep, you can pull the handle apart. So instead of just pushing down at the bottom, and having this like separating force, just helping these squeeze my triceps. But instead of the rope, sometimes I like throwing in these de-handle sets, because it's just like this, just more interesting strength curve, because instead of like an overhand extension, it's kind of like underhand of the top, and I almost transition to a little more overhand at the bottom. So it's just like a different sort of squeeze, you know, that's comparing this to this. And it's subtle, but it's different enough that it makes a difference. So a few sets of these, and this will be light squeezing. Like, the fact that the thing that's going to make this set hard isn't, you know, even just moving the way in the beginning. It's around like rep 10 or even 15, once fatigue is built up, and I can't even reach a stretch position. That's where the set will really begin. And then the rest fits kind of just like building up exhaustion. But let's just get it going. I might add like some, I might look up like gym background noise, and add it, because it's dead silent in here. It's almost a little too ominous, but I can. That's... Do it. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Okay. Wow. One more like that, but I can probably go one notch heavier. Not much, but just a touch. Yeah. No. No. No. No. No. Okay. Okay. That's the one more. I don't feel like I'm ready to move on just yet. One more, still doing me good. Same way. No. No. No. Okay. Let's do something a little heavier and faster pace. That was good for a light squeezing, like slow set. So, no, I kind of want to counter it. Okay. So, the full stack with this cambered nut, I guess. You want to say straight bar, I want you to say bent bar. Well, either way, this will be right. And I'm not going to be so. Like slow and squeezing and holding these reps, I'm going to look very different. Much more kind of pump focused, not really stopping any point. And just like consistently beating down my triceps is sort of how I'm imagining it. No. No. Oh my gosh. Let's come back to one like that. But next, let's stay right here, but doing overhead set. A little more stretch focus. Actually, a lot more stretch focused. No need to change anything. Same style, but a little bit slower and now overhead instead of standing. And a good trick with these, I like to get it back. One cheek of the other up against this upright for support. So, I don't have to like reach out here and like try to balance. Like I'm locked in. Two points of contact on the ground, one point here. I'll only get to focus on those by triceps. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Yeah. Okay. Oh my gosh. Let's do one more like the set that was done before this one. And then decide if triceps need any more damage. They feel pretty fucking cooked already. Pretty freaking cooked already. And this, I want to make like an extra quick set. So an add a difficulty of moving the weight a little bit faster. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Yeah. That's enough for triceps. Now the question is, do I want to start with the dumbbell curls or cable curls first? And there you're both down below. But I think I've got a good idea. If you guessed seated cable curls, you would be correct. And these are, I'm gonna, you basically have a couple options. You can do a real wide grip. These are going to go a little bit more than you know. I remember the gas, I want just now close. And this time we'll be closing at eight o'clock. This time we'll be closing at eight o'clock. It's good to know. But these are going to be a bit more narrow. And I want my elbows in front of my lats, so that this feels natural. If my elbows are, besides my lats, then how am I supposed to do a curl in here? It's just going to wrench my wrists. But that's the plan for our set number one. And we'll just go from there. If I get a good song, it's good. It needs to be quick. Oh my gosh, okay. Let's do two more just like that. Maybe even three. I don't know. I feel like I almost don't have my feet. Oh my gosh, okay. Let's do two more just like that. Maybe even three. I don't know. I feel like I almost don't have the endurance to do like ten different movements. So sometimes diving down, I feel like I tend to make the workouts a little simpler and denser. But two more of these minimum. Two more those. Okay. One more. I feel pretty strongly about this. Sometimes I'll see guys say, oh, all you did was bench in cable flies. That's only two movements. You need more than that. For a single workout. It's like, well, do you really? You know, if I'm fully pumped, if I'm fully fatigued, does it matter? If it came from ten movements or two? Does my bicep know the difference? But doing the squeeze on this versus like a dumbbell curl? I'm not so inclined to think so. So as long as you can, you're up. I don't think you need a marathon every lift. But one more. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh, that was good. So even though I'm moving on to a new movement, the setup is actually pretty much exactly what I got set up here. Only one key difference, which you'll see in the moment. Same seat. Same cable sack. But instead of conventional bicep curls, I'm basically going to take the exact same movement. Because I'm here bending my arms at the elbows, flex my biceps. I'm doing the exact same thing. But now the starting position is up here. And I'm pulling my hands directly towards my shoulders. And a more linear motion rather than like this round arc. But I'm still not trying to work any rear delts. Any lats. I'm just trying to squeeze my biceps. And there's a combination of differences. But the main shit with this is like it's a different strength curve. And I can really squeeze at the bottom. Plus as I get fatigued, I can sort of use my lats a little bit at the end to help like self assist. Now if I'm starting using too much, then that's a cue that sets over. But as a little, it's nice. Moderately wide grip. Alright. Alright. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. One more of those. Yeah. Yeah. That's enough of those. Let's do at least one set of dumbbell curls and go from there. But if this has been a good next set, I could see that being it. And then we can just get a pop check started. Let's grab the 50s, then the 30s, potentially the 20s. Let's get those first two portions started. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Hi, well actually, the 30s would be good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's suppose that bias tries fully popped. Fully pumped. Biceps honestly. I made it overcooked them with those heavy sets of the cable curls. Like even just now, given them a flex, they're kind of burning a little bit more than a little bit more. But either way, marms fully pumped. You underneath the sleeves, they feel pretty fucking bulbous. And you know, add a nearly 100 grams of carbs a day only. That is good for me. So that's where hydration is really coming in clutch. Because you know, you can drop calories whatever. You can be flat. But if you're flat and dehydrated during your lift, you're going to feel like ship. At least if you're flat carbs, but still hydrating, you get enough water and electrolytes in your system. Everything's still fucking functions is normal. I mean, as freaking functions is normal. Yeah, sorry about that. But let's run through a couple here. This is a good arm pump. Oh. Mmm. Oh. Oh. Holy crap. Almost skipped the front lights, but it's still. You know, that haven't had it. What else is there? That's basically the gist of it. Maybe a little super managed double by shot. So one thing I'm noticing, unpumped like just at home in the mirror. Like the peak, how am I by step up here? And kind of like up here over this edge is getting more and more defined. And even right now with the pumped up, it's actually kind of taken away from that definition. It's definitely adding to the vaningists. Oh, like let me, let me, you little breath hold here and really get some of these grains popping out. Yeah, goodness. So veins are definitely improved when fully pumped, but the little details and Strations, they kind of get over, overshadowed by the pure like inflatedness from the extra blood. But either way, arms thrashed. Oh, man. Let's get the car. Lift, satisfactionally complete. Okay. So given that the year is, well, two weeks away from being over. So we're rocking, we're like 95% 90% of percent done with this entire year. So if you're getting ready to ride the hype train of the New Year's motivation, and might have a little bit of a little bit of a statement for you. Right. Name one time you have ever heard anybody were getting into good shape. And I'm not talking about the 0.01% where, you know, people like just take it too far, like insanely addicted personality. I mean, namely, guy who regrets having flipped his sort of like lifestyle around for the better. It never fucking happens. Now, name the dude who's going to say, oh, man, I wish I could get you a shape or I should of start doing this this year or the guys were, I mean, these are the craziest, like, uh, comments, but like the craziest posts they'll ever see. And it's like a screenshot of like a text message, a jacket for, or whatever. And it's basically like, you know, kind of self-hype, like, you're locking in this year. I can feel it. I can feel that we're going to get locked in this year. Like, like, if it's just luck of the draw, you know, it just never fucking happens. But again, back to what I've seen, you're never going to regret it. You're absolutely never going to regret it. And you said, that's my old stick there, right? Just like once once people open their eyes to the calorie counting and like you get a good grasp of holy crap. I, my stomach just overall, I just feel better because you know what kind of, like, the food that you're eating, the effects that the food that you're eating has. And then, you know, targeting towards a long term goal, be it bulk and up, cut it down, stay in the same weight, whatever, like, the more that you become in control of your own shit, the better. And you will never want to look back, right? I mean, it's the same thing kind of applies to life too. I mean, if you were to ask somebody right now, like, what's, like, I mean, there's so much crazy shit to, to worry about, to think about. And not that it's not like, weren't thinking about, you know? But for the most part, what do you really interact with on a day by day basis? Number one, you yourself, your body, your mind, everything else. The guys, you, you know, see a lot, be like your family, whoever you live with, be the work with, be the go school with, you little inner circle. And then whatever activities you do, right? So let's assume you're lifter, the people you get to work out with. Anything that really extends beyond that, shouldn't take much priority in your mind. But, you know, focus on the shit that you got going on. Like, you know, it's so, it's such an arbitrary thing to think, okay, well, I'm going to get locked in this year for real. And then the guys who say it like that are maybe sleeping four hours a night. Macro tracking, not even a thought, maybe work out, like, you know, every so often, not super consistently. And it's like, dude, there's a reason why you keep saying, you're going to get locked in because you're just affirming to the universe. You're not locked in right now. And I know it's like, it seems mundane. But, like, I think half of the, half of the motivation between all, like, the, like, the military tips of, like, make your bed, keep your room clean. Or just, like, basic, like, even straight up therapists, like, some of their first moves will be just helping people get their days and, like, their rooms and their living spaces in order because if you have a room that is completely covered in, like, dirty laundry and trash and shit or whatever, and you get your desk in there, that's where you're working. How do you expect to get any good work done? You're constantly going to be distracted by the fact that the whole place is just a mess, right? So, you know, it might just seem like, oh, yeah, and it's probably, like, little things like that have an overarching effect that plays into the sort of smoothness and synchronity for freaking days, you know? So, with the, with the lifestyle side of things, like, obviously, nobody's lifestyle is so bad that they're not going to make it to tomorrow. Like, you can, for the most part, you have a biological need to sleep, at least enough to keep yourself moving. Like, you can just go your whole life being sleep deprived and unrest it and basically just staying in a stressed state. Like, the human body is pretty tough. Everything doesn't have to be perfectly in order. But, that does not mean that you're still, like, just because you can get up and you can run on four hours of sleep and night, does not mean that that's an awesome, but in situation to be in. You know, so it's like, yeah, you can just get that much sleep now, but the idea of, okay, well, am I really going to feel that much better if I get in the extra three hours of sleep, I like? And, am I really going to feel that much better if I drink more water every day and stay hydrated? Am I really going to feel that much better if I start doing cardio and working out a little bit? I'm not even saying bodybuilding, like, insane muscle growth. I'm just saying, like, general fitness based, what you're going to call it. Like, just like, stay in shape workouts. Like, just come to the gym, move in stuff around, break in the sweat, you're good. It doesn't have to be way too good, just be whatever. I mean, there's guys who are just doing straight calisthenics or getting yoked. But, you know, it's like, yeah, well, so these guys have this perception, okay, is it really going to matter that much? Because, you know, getting a little bit extra sleep and drinking your water and doing a little bit of cardio. We've heard it so many times ago, it's good for you. But, it's not like, you're going to suddenly feel like you're on top of the world. And, the really tricky part is it's kind of like, it's sort of a delayed gratification type situation, because you're not going to feel very good after doing, you know, 30 minutes of cardio for the first time. It's actually going to feel pretty hard. And we sweat and you're going to be uncomfortable, you're going to feel tired. Like, it's going to take a few weeks for the benefits of actually doing that, to even start to kick in. So, for somebody who has, like, you know, maybe a little bit of motivation to do it. They can be easily dispelbed by the fact that it's just kind of going to feel like work with no reward. But, it's only work with no reward for a little while, right? Having, I feel like I've been saying the same kind of talk, the last couple of lifts all. I'll cut this one short after I get this idea out. But, it's like, yeah, you might not notice after that. Well, you definitely won't notice after that first day. You probably won't even notice after that second day. If anything, the only thing you're going to notice is the fact that you're extra tired, next to a fatigue, and, you know, you're like, oh, man, this sucks. But, if you manage to get past that sort of initial investment phase, then once you start seeing the progress that you actually want to see, that's more motivating, like being a little bit leaner, being a little bit bigger, being able to just move around better. I mean, 30 minutes of cardio, you still get, well, if I ever skit my cardio for long periods of time, it'll feel like a bit more of a chore. But, right now, especially with the deficit and, like, gradually ramping it up, like, I mean, doing the 30 minutes on the bike, and then the 30 minutes on the treadmill this morning, it's kind of just, like, whatever. It's like, I've drenched it in sweat after, but it's like, that's just what I do. Eventually, it becomes much more normal, and you sort of acclimate to the difficulty level. But, all that's to say is, you know, this year, past next year, we'll see what happens. Right? And at the end of it, there's going to be guys where they get to, they get to look at it as though it was a bust, and then guys who potentially broke the cycle of whatever they were doing, and they're free time and said, okay, I'm making this shit happen this year. And then there's the guys who've been doing it four years, who gets to just watch the whole cycle unfold, and they should have a solid respect for anybody that manages to get in. I mean, you're going to see a spike in gym members at your gym being a planet. Fitness be at a Y, be at an L.A. whatever, like, there's going to be extra people who's January. And as the year progresses, that spike will begin to plateau, but stragglers will make it through. And then, instead of having new years crowd folk, you're just going to have some new regulars. And so there's always a fresh pool of meat. So, that's kind of funky. Well, there's always a new class of lifters coming in every year. So, if that's you or if that's somebody that you know, be a bit positive, and get them excited about it. That's your responsibility as the senior lifter to do that. But that's enough of that little hype speech. Anybody that really is wanting to lock in and lock in, and they don't need to hear me say that. Like, you guys, you know what you're doing. You know, so, playing for the postwork out of meal, probably ten ounces of ground beef. Maybe, yeah, I ran out of my low sugar barbecue sauce, so I think we're going to have to go, go, just maybe just do straight ketchup. Low sugar ketchup, of course. And then we'll have to see from there. Not much room for carbs and fats, because I stopped on my parents house earlier, and I had a couple handfuls of peanut and the nms. I didn't totally like overshoot my calories or anything, but that was about 40 grams of carbs and 20 grams of fat, or so. Whenever I eat something like that, if I don't have the macros handy right then, I'll tend to overestimate just to really make sure I don't overshoot. But, you know, it was kind of tempting me, so I decided to take two handfuls. Not big handfuls, of course. Maybe like, 12 or so, maybe like 15. But, so I had a treat earlier, and now I'm going to pay the price by not having to town of carbs and my post-workouts, pre-bed meal. But that's a room, that's a okay with me. So, our career is way... ...and then tomorrow I have got a leg day, so I'll see if it ends up being heavier or lighter in the quad department. But, no way to know until tomorrow counts. So, you guys know to see that.