Let me make sure this thing's in the fucking work. Yeah, we're good. I've been a while, and it's trying to phone the camera. It's crazy as it is to get all the things you shoot with the lens. Fast, accurate, even. S-log 3. If anybody needs anything to do. It's all diminishing, flipping the turns. It's kind of bad. It's kind of like we got a thin video camera right there. You can't even talk. So that's something I've gotten a bit more than understanding about, like as time has passed. I mean, because now I've got a pretty solid history of, I mean, you can almost say just like self-documentary work. You know, it's like I got a, I got this thing I'm doing. You know, I want to be able to record it, look back on it, kind of showed off in a way. So, a hard-zard. I mean, not even on it's hard. There are definitely some fucking freaks out there. The bodybuilding scene. And not even just that, but just like regular fucking life where, you know, somebody might have a crazy ass, like gun arsenal, or they're like insane, like hobbyists and some kind of detail, whatever. There's a lot of issues out there. So if you know somebody's got a little bit of something that they might have a bit of a screw loose about. On it's hard. It's actually kind of what, what, what's the kind of that shit? So, it's something to keep in mind. It can come in years. That's, that's something that I love seeing. Because I mean, I go through so many different radicals. I think I've got a good mix of like, I don't know, to get the scriptural people going to be good at it. Millions of leads to whatever else from like, got, what is that? Tony, the machinist. I don't know, something, just like all sorts of everything. This video's going to show out where people got a make-up. So if you know somebody's just a guy, you can't expert that's whatever. Maybe it's out there. It's not post-comed stuff. It's been a while since I've heard of it. I never posted anything for a fucking year. I don't know what's going to happen. I've been anti-influenced for five. What do you have to try to put it to you? One, I just wanted to just put it to you. So again. I think a year before I started posting anything, if you would've told me I was going to be posting all the time, I would've put it to you. But probably freaking out of that. It's not so much. So I'm playing for two minutes. I'm playing for two minutes. I'm playing for two minutes. I guess you could say today's lift. It's like two-third from shit. Back. Pull down, grows, pull over. That's basically just a little bit of a combination. I've got a couple movements for it. Like, I've got a lot of focus. Like pull down, stretch, and then I leave back into more of a growing piece. But for the most part, that's it. Like arms, you got extensions. Overhead and regular, I guess I could say Skull crushers are kind of a bit between. And then you got curls. Showing you to get side laterals. Front raises, front press, and then rear delwork. Chest, pressing, and flies. Quads, pressing, and leg extensions. And strength. Playing curls, see the curls, already else. The actor can cheat. The hips thrust if you're into that. And that's basically it. So it's like every muscle group. As much as there is like an insane arsenal of different movements you can take from exercise execution styles. It's like, yeah, all you're doing is you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, hammer straight press, and then press, and then press. Same arsenal here. Like a regular smith press, and like a cable press. It's, you know, it's at a different angle, but it's all just this. I mean, if you look at somehow analyze the, uh, your muscle activation, like all that electric, the pulse pads, and everything else. There's going to be a minor difference. Like, I'm sure, uh, that would be something I'm interested in. Like, like, exercise scientists try to guess what movements were, you know, being done by somebody just by the grass, of like contractions. Because on something like a chess press, you're going to be seeing the most Satan's fired at the bottom. Or it's the heaviest of the hardest. And then those things should start to fail a little bit at the time, because this is the resting position. And some, uh, some machine presses are almost the opposite words. Lighter at the bottom. And if you're heavier, you're heavier at the top. So another social, I'm not trying to say, if there's no value at all, you're changing them. Obviously, we're doing something that's, uh, that's something to be discussed with a bunch. But there's no need to overclock in the evening. So a lot of stuff, the answer lies somewhere in between. I probably wouldn't recommend that you call the ever-to-flat-mechanity, and the peck-deck machine. But I also probably wouldn't think that you should do ten different movements every chance of it. So that's where I like break it down into the four components of just what movements can you do for that muscle. Stick to it. And then, you know, plug in an out certain versions. So maybe I don't feel like doing regular lot of pull-outs. There's some single-up pull-outs. Maybe I don't feel like doing, uh, a pull-over machine, or where I just don't have a pull-over machine, but you know, you're a single arm, you can't go pull-overs. Or maybe barbar rows, or not even maybe. I don't want to do barbar growth treatment. Because I don't want to over-stress my lower back and my pull-out to my hand strength. You can have a better barbar row. This, you can't show up in some good, flat, trap, back activation. But I'm also loading my entire posterior root chain. So, stimulus to fatigue ratio. It's not there, all right. I'm trying to work my lads on my traps. I don't need my pull-out. My lower back and my director is my hand strength. I just hold myself up in a pen position. I don't need them drawing the way any energy. So, for the most part, I only need towards it to make some chest supported rows, or a more seated cable rows. But even though you do support yourself with your feet on the head, it's not the same as with a barbar when you're painting a bento. And I guess half of that is because I don't have to hold up my body weight. Because I'm sitting sideways, it's not like bento for a minute. But what I'm hitting at is for back, I want to pump my entire back up. Maybe go easy on lads if like I can still feel there a little sore from the last back day. For the most part, it's like, okay, I want my lads pumped. My traps pumped, and I want to do it. The only ways I know how rows pull down is pull over. So, if that's all I've got on my disposal, then maybe I'll start two sets of rows. I'm going to do a few sets of pull-outs. One more set of rows, and then like I said, pull over to the end, just to kind of finish it off. Or maybe do that in the complete opposite manner. Start with some light squeezing pull-outs, and then move on to some, you know, some rowing action, and then finish with burnout sets of, or pull over some empty end, and then finish with a burnout set of, like pull-outs. Like there's, there's some way different ways to go about it. And I really hope that that doesn't seem like, like, all of your so many ways to do it. I don't know which one I should do. It's like, dude, it's, it's going to be fine either way. I, um, so like the, what I was getting at, how I wouldn't recommend you only did like two movements, every lift, the exact same movement. You know, it's probably not ideal. You're physically only stimulating yourself in the same way every time. But it would still work. I mean, if you see somebody who only trains, like heavy, flat, bench, squat, and deadlift, like a power lifter, you know, of course they've got their accessory work too. But those are their main lifts. Guess what? These guys still fucking make dates, you know? So it's almost half like, changing it up for the sake of more stimulus. But there is a totally balanced half of that equation where it's like, just changing it up because changing it up is fun. And you're going to enjoy it more, and you're not going to bored. Like, that's the last thing I ever want to hear when somebody's talking about training or I see, you know, I see some comments talking about it. And the guys like, I'm just getting really bored of this work, gets split. I, uh, I want to change, like, it just doesn't make a beautiful form. I've never really ran into that. And maybe that's just me being able to get a nice case about it or something. But like, I, uh, even, like I said, I never really did push full legs. I was always more like, legs, chested back arms, and I was just repeat that. Now I do legs just back arms, shoulders and there sporadically. But I don't think I really ever got to a point where I was like bored of the workouts. Because every workout was always a little bit different from the last one. You know, so I think half of the motivation for guys to think like, okay, I think that you can change it by workout and stuff. These workouts are getting real bored and repetitive. I might be more inclined to think, well, are your workouts repetitive? Are you doing the exact same stuff? You know, like, just because it worked for the last few months, doesn't mean that you only have to do heavy pressing first for chest, and then save flies for the end. You know, I've been victim to that for a while. Like, I, uh, my mind, I'm like, well, I want to press as much weight as I can when I'm fresh. So I should do my pressing first. Which usually, you know, I still do. But, you know, if I feel like it, maybe I'll change it up, do some lighter, squeeze the flies first, acting almost more as a primer, and then move on to heavy pressing later, which, I mean, I guess I haven't really asked around enough about it, but I haven't noticed, like, it's seen straight-plus after doing like two sets of pet deck, and then two sets of being applied press, maybe a little bit on the back of the ear, like your endurance of the reps, that you might get 10 and set of 12. But you're already on your way to eat fully pumped, and you get the benefit of like pre-exhaust and pressing. So that's where I guess my main point of this little card's out now. Like, trying to change it up. You have not even like, don't be afraid to change it up, like, just period, change it up. Maybe do an arm day where you're super set, everything. Try set, buy, set, try set, buy, subset. You know, don't be concerned with like, making sure the workout's absolute perfect, because when you try new shit, you're basically experimenting. So, you know, control, you can control, and then see what happens with the rest of it. So if you've never done like a super set of the arm day, and you want to see what it's like, alright, tell yourself, like, I'm going to do it. I'm going to make sure in the sense, like, go hard, and then see what happens. And I think that's, that's kind of a tricky point, because there's the sense of like, okay, well, I don't really know what I'm doing, because this is new, I haven't been going to try this before. It's like, you know, if you're afraid to do it, you've never done that you've never been getting any more of the tube, have never been, right? So, of course, case scenario. Yeah, what the hell are you guys talking about? Super set in arm workouts. I'm sticking to straight triceps and straight biceps. You guys are nuts. Best case scenario. That was the craziest arm day in my life. I'm throwing that super set workout into my rotation. That was awesome. You can't go wrong, right? You either get a new, you either get a new workout that you want to try again, or you just learn one that you don't like. And now the pool that you've got to try shit from has just gotten one workout small and then you can try some new shit. So, that's where I think, you know, I really hate to see the clips where guys just straight up record somebody else in the gym. Do you want to set, like, now not only are you just nuts, like, with the fuck. But it's just instilling this like peer pressure, okay? I need to make sure I do everything perfectly so that when I do this set of curls, you know, all the guys next to me think I know what I'm doing. Whatever, right? I mean, if I always do in a really funky set of something, like maybe I'm doing something with a half swinging, like single arm cable press, with like a fly negative or out of no. Just something. I'm like doing assisted reps or I'm holding my other hand, like that, you know, sure it might look kind of funky. But if I can feel my chest firing like crazy, and I'm getting pumped, and I'm getting fatigued, and I can tell that like, I'm just going hard in this shit's working. Then, you know, who cares what it looks like, right? So it's almost day, the ends justify the means. So, you really have to, like, you just had an roadblock to your training. If you're not only worried about like trying to make sure you do shit, which works, but also, I don't want to venture out of my comfort zone, because then, you know, the guy next me is going to like whatever. And don't worry about that. Nobody's, I've never really seen anybody do that much, but if they do, that's something that's just fucking stupid. But either way, I'm a little bit of a longer rain here, but let's just get this back and start it. No. Yeah. Yeah. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Yeah. Yeah. Nice. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Forget the chip of my gun for that one. But I was saying, like, as much value as there is in the set, where it's a two-seven control concentric, but one and a half-seven pole, and a four-second in the center, I'll completely perfect for that. That set, behind all ready, you'll noticeably more points after just one thing. So it's not like, and I think the idea of either clicking it back on the end, it's strange when the set is looking for more to ball. It's a clunky mess. You know, you're not going to approach every muscle group, even close to the same length. You know, you're really training your side belts with the same length, four celebrities that you do for having pressing the clots. That's exactly. And then even more detail, like, this specific fibers, and every other like ratio of chip from your island and the way I defast it, slow twitch of like your cast or something like that. There's a lot of room for not error, but like, very ability to put it. So, I think a good balance for every heavy nasty set, have a clean and bold feeling here, and not to a good and evil man. I don't think about it. Good more here. Same way, same everything here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, I have got some words to say about that lift. For one thing, very good. And honestly, the prep was like whatever. Like I was hydrated, the definitely drinking of water. Part of that came from a power aid zero. I got to the gas station when I was filling up. But still, electrolytes, fluids, but even like just half an hour ago, my stomach was kind of fucking weird. I didn't even even think strange, I don't know. But, you know, you're not even waking. Good amount of sleep, hydrated, free workout, reasonable, hif. The gym is a little more dead today. I wonder if that got going in a little extra. I can't a like a dead gym, but like it comes in waves. You know, I like it to be packed and energized for a while. And then it mentions, I go, okay, this is too much. I want to like a dead gym. And then after it's death, I want to be a kid. Well, people, you know, but it's, well, I'm going to get that here. But overall, really good. And the hype was there. Something I think I just picked a good first movement, honestly. Because that first set of sing-along pull-dance really did it for me. And like I'm not joking. If I did that back day, only slow, perfectly controlled reps. I don't think it would have been as good. Now, not like objectively in every scenario. But for me specifically, on this specific day, I think that was as close to as good as a pump. As I could have got, you know, now insert anybody with it like, well, if you trained in my style, you would have had a way better fucking pump. Yeah, how about you do your way and all of the over what I've kind of begun to think is a good method for me specifically. And I'm not open to, or not, I am open to the audience of course. But I've got like, lift up on, lift up on, lift up on, lift up information. Tell me, this works, this gives me fucking pump. So I mean, that's pretty fucking useful. Right? I mean, your actual own data should super seed anybody else is just not random. But like, in some cases, random thoughts. But let's, I'm losing my pump as we speak. Let's go through a couple shots here. Oh, here's it. Oh, oh. Oh, and crap. It's fucking hard to pose with a pump. Not only am I already had a breath, but like pulling my lads out. And then traveling, stretching, opening like that. While they're pumped, it's like, if I can find against myself. There's a few more. Holding crap. Chairs of veins with no chest pump. Yeah, no. Now we're getting somewhere. Let's see, we'll breath hold with that one. Oh, my gosh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, okay. That's easy, isn't it? Jay's not freaking wrong. But, competition wise, I'm not going to be posing right after a full-on back pump. So, really, I got to get posing done at its own specific portion of my training. Outside cardio and outside the lift. So, I got to have a third freaking session. Starting to get, starting to get serious, kind of you know. Let's do a, let's do one more victory pose. Oh, my gosh. Well, that is all. Pumps. Sweaty at a breath. And I am ready to go eat something. What that meal will be. I'm ready to go eat something. What that meal will be. I'm ready to go eat something. What that meal will be. How to say, strong potential for can chicken with mustard dough. It will start for you locking the shitting and cooking. But, it's got to get up. There we go. Microphone. We are good. Speaking of that, if you ever curious about the post and you're going to be saying something, audio beats video. Right. Your phone camera, but with reasonably clear speech, you are cool. You are cool. But just a little technical tip when I put my videoger for hat on. But that's off now. So back. That was good. That was extra good. And I am sure as I get leaner into this next month, I might begin to think otherwise. But honestly, I've reached a point of size, I think. Or I almost prefer how I look unpumped when I'm posing. What I mean by that is, not chest. Chest I definitely just need to come up with that. So of course, I ain't gonna like it more when it's pumped. But, you know, it quads in like, maybe not so much strides, that's really. Quads and hamstrings and back at least when they're fully pumped. And I'm doing a little pose down in the mirror and everything. They lose some of the definition. Like, me doing some back poses in the mirror, unpumped. I can see much more fibers kind of creepin through my, just creepin through because when you get pumped up, you can't like it flayed it. So it's like if you had a textured balloon or something, and like it had a little bit of like some kind of something on it, and you blew it up like twice as much as it was supposed to. No matter what shape it was before, it's just gonna blow up through your round. You know, same shits kind of truths your muscle fibers, right? I mean, you know, you can get some crazy grainy looking quads and, you know, packs and everything else. So like, there was that Christmas tree where you lats insert into your erectors and you lower back. But when they get extra pumped up, sometimes you're kind of, it's a little bit of a given take of the size and the detail, which, not a bad thing. It's what cool to have a white ass like the lady lats spread. But, you know, it's also cool to do the morning post-dance as well. So, I already start to, so I already start. Mmm, but, yeah, that was a good one. And that was a, yeah, I mean, you know, I couldn't explain it for saying, just something about the real hard squeeze and just burning out constantly kind of tension. Like those sets felt sweet. Like those sets of cable pull downs, those were working for. And getting back to what I was saying on the way here, it's like, well, you got to, you need to completely straighten your arm and hold it for a second. Or else it's not a good set. It's like, you guys are, I can spread misinformation, you know? I mean, don't, as awesome as all the social media is in terms of getting everybody connected and sharing ideas and shit. Like, when you think the ratio is of good quality information, versus like random or irritated just junk. Because that ratio is in this favor, smaller versus bigger. So you kind of have to do a little bit of internal deciphering, right? Because we just listen to whatever you saw on some post about working out. You'd be doing this stupid shit ever, right? But if you scan around all the fitness videos and everything else and you say, okay, this makes legitimate sense to me. I can comprehend it in my mind. Yeah, I probably should be training a bit harder on these sets because if I don't, I might not begin myself enough stimulus to induce growth. Okay. Well, that makes sense. I should push it closer to failure. All right. And then you might see video where a guy says, well, you should do full body work at seven times a week. Okay. That doesn't click as much. Let me think about it a little bit. Maybe I'm not going to do that, you know? And when I mean by that, it's like, you know, muscle, gross body building context. If he took somebody who's never worked at it all and put them on a seven day, a week full body work at routine And they actually did it in a year. The guy would be a totally different dude, you know? That's like the power of just working out and being active in some kind of like weight-based capacity isn't sane regardless of whatever that style is. But, you know, if you really want to hone in on specific metrics, the size, strength, if I can, I'm not so much of a guy to look for tips about speed and athleticism. You know, maybe watch some more sport-specific training videos for that kind of intel. But, you know, in terms of just straight up size, here's my bro science approach that I'm thinking. It's like, okay. Right. I have to induce a stimulus. The likes of which will be intense enough that my body has to say, well, I got to do something about this. And that's me going to the gym, thrash in the hell out of my lats, pump it out my traps, and every other fancy muscle fiber in between. And afterward, in a bulking context, my body's like, dude, you just got wrecked. Like, I'm not going to say any specific like, oh, micro-terres or like simply inducing that kind of weight-based fatigue to an extent where you're fully pumped to the end of it and you're still fatigued, you know? And like, you feel the residual result of that training. Odds are if you win, like, legit hard, and you're not lying to yourself, then you probably stimulated your shit. Not to try not to swear as much, just comes off the cuff and can't control them. So, you come home. All right. Some damages have been done, whether you want to call it that or whether you want to call it stimulus. But, something has been done to your lats. So your body's like, hey, I got prepared this stuff. I got to get this stuff back in here. I mean, I got like, lack to gas and build up and all sorts of my own nuclear, whatever. Like, I got to do something about this. So, you give yourself enough nutrients and food and energy and like basic building blocks, carbs, proteins, fats, where your body's like, all right. I got the workers, I got the gas to run these engines and everything else. Let's put this stuff back together. And I'm basically adapting to a new thing. I want to be better at it. Let's overdo it, Lou. Right? What do you do? You're lats are now 0.1 ounce bigger than they were before. And that might not be right. You know, the exact metric. I'm not sure how many. Can I do them? I can't do them. Well, either way. You've induced some stimulus and if you go home, eat, recover, then you're good. Diving down pretty similar concept, but instead of trying to overrecover and build new mass, you're just trying to hold on to the mass that you've already built up and then lose the fat underneath. But that's sort of the idea that I'm getting it. And you can make it more complicated and you learn about it, you get into it. But if you can look at it on a basic level like that, then if anything's out of whack, you should have a good indicator of, okay, what is the problem? You know, like you're not suddenly going to completely plateau for no reason at all. You're almost your own detective. Like you're your own damn gains detective, where you can look back at all the information, clues and think, okay, I've been training every day or I've been training six times a week or whatever. Consistently for the past four months, and I've been going hard. And I'm not joking. So the training is probably solid. Okay, what else? Well, I've been getting about three hours of sleep every night, the last four weeks. Hmm, that could potentially be part of it. And let's say the guy said he's got enough hydration, he's eaten enough food, then he probably think the sleep's the issue. You got your training, you got your feeling, water and food, you know calories, and you're recovery, you're sleep. So if any of those things are off-kilter, odds are your gains are going to suffer. So looking at that backwards sort of transit of property, if your gains are suffering, then odds are something that they're those three little pillars is off. And if you improve them even just a little bit, then you should start to notice what's the word I'm thinking of. Incremental gains, that's what I'm going to say. Something along those lines. So don't know, just like it's a weird balance of like obviously go as hard as you can. But don't freak. Right? Like if you're doing regular pull-downs or if you got to go to the hotel gym and there's only like 40 pound dumbbells and it's totally my way. But if you don't have the most perfect optimal stuff at your gym, what happened? Still go hard, still push it, and still make sure that everything you gain control, you get after. And before you know it, you're going to be saying the same thing where you're like, well, you know, man, I'm tracking the calories and you tell me your bulk and I just don't believe you. I'd say what it's a heavy burden to carry when you have to say that. Because sometimes it is that simple. But now I'm, now I'm really just freaking around with. I've had, I think I've had no doubt to curse. I think I've had no dedicated carbs today. Yeah, I can. I can feel that I'm alone. Like every time I die it down and I have a good lift and I burn through some of my like spare glycogen and blood sugar. I can, I can tell it makes me a little rambly one in the car. It's my thoughts a little bit just to touch more jumbled. But either way, I'll have a morning wait update. Well, yeah tomorrow when we're talking about forgot to win myself this morning. I was trying to get after it and go to the cardio extra early. So accidentally skipped a step. But either way, awesome back day. It's just waiting. A waiting game and also not stopping at a, I said this a couple days ago. I don't understand the obsession with crumble. Right, maybe I'm just a crispy cream guide hard, but just a, like, two sweets too much. You know, I'd rather, I'd rather stop at Cains in a crumble. But to each their own. But no, no sweets in sight for me right now. I get, I get some goals where those do not align. And if you also think you've got some sort of some sort of something or other you want to get going. We're treats are potentially have to be pushed to the back burner. If not put away completely for a period of time. Oh, I got to tell you, man, as you get a learn how to fuck it out. Right, because I mean, it's, it's not easy. You're really fighting your buddies. Urge to just tell you like, oh, it's like, this is, like, I mean, some guys can't even get trolled. It's like you got a, it's like your gallum where you got the ring voice talking to the back of your head. Yeah, that's midnight. You get up to get a drink of water. You open the freezer, because you just something made you open it. And you see the tub of Ben and Jerry's cookies and cream. Oh, I'm not mad at it. Just have a small, just open the land. Help me, oh no. I've been there, right? Hold strong. Yeah. Let's all together. But that's all I got. I will see you for tomorrow for some kind of arm day. Where it ends up being, I can't say for sure, but will I end up completely pumped and vaining? Staying me out, you said that point. So I'll see you then.