There we go. Dreaded by most loved by some, completed by maybe some percentage of lifters in the middle is a good description for a legit leg day. In terms of let's just get out of the way with the plan is for it. I'm thinking alternating between hamstring and quad movements so that I can kind of sort of maximize my energy reserves in a way and also just be more pumped at the end of it. Like that's a non-negligible aspect of me wanting to do quads and hands sort of congruently because at the end when I during the post down the pump check my hamstring will be fully pumped my quads will be fully pumped. It's just fucking cooler, you know. But more like I said, a little bit of adductors at the end too but that's usually just it's to end playing my phone for a couple sets. This morning after cardio I spliced in some abs and calves because at the apartment gym bike, like it's a gym, it's got cables, it's got dumbbells to 50s more than enough so like if that's all you've got access to there's no reason not to kill that. I mean that's definitely enough stuff to actually get a good workout. But after the 35 minutes on the bike I did like six sets of cable crunches and then I think it was maybe it wasn't anything crazy. It was like maybe five or six alternating sets of just 10 reps of calf raises on the leg press machine. Like nothing wild but just enough to get a pump up I'm gonna start adding that a little more with the cardio. Just I'm like kind of more regular base. I mean everybody's skipping calves but you still got to hit him a touch. I mean as long as you don't want like you want a little bit of a like a drumstick look below the knee. So if you're somebody who's a bit less fortunate in the calf insertion slash calf genetic set of things. One praying for you. So two excuse man. Still try. There are videos of guys where they just can't get over the genetic factor for their calves. I don't know if it's like a fast twitch slow twitch sort of thing about we have a we hand that over to some of the more science-based guys to say well the guys with some of the calves have more this M-Tor fiber which doesn't allow. There's probably some reason but the fact is you know if you want your calves to grow hit your calves if you want your chest to grow you hit chest if you want bigger legs you have to hit your legs you know it's it's as simple as that for the most part and then little details can become more complicated but it's now worth getting into too much. So that was more like an eight o'clock it's now five ten even though it feels like nine I'm I don't know what's wrong with me this year but it's like it's taken a minute to just to the fact that it's getting this dark this early which I guess is a good thing. It's making me sleep a bit more of a regular schedule but yeah gonna go to a good one of the little more grungey kind of hardcore gyms. I haven't gone to the same ones that kind of close to the house the last few weeks and it's short of drive but that is one benefit of the multiple gym memberships is it's not just different places and you know different hours which depending on where you live that can be a pretty serious thing. I mean I've got a couple of things where they especially like peak clocking back hours it was a time when they were only opened like ten to three. Now of course that was like mid-COVID it shut down everything but still it's taken a while to claw our way back to a regular like you know close to ten kind of situation but apart from the fact that it's just different hours and different stuff. That's just different environments you know like a real grungey pretty hardcore gym all metal plates metal dumbbells little rattly like it's it's just got a different environment than like a planet that's and that's not to be like forgotten about because you know if you want to be in a space where you feel hardcore it's always going to be a bit easier for you to go if you're really trying to like get yourself in the zone because it's fucking taking you a little bed to get amptop because like I don't know maybe something about the blue lights that's it's just not as fun right so if you've got a I see this a lot whenever I go to like a cool gym and I talk to any guys who are actually like regular there I'm always saying like yeah you guys are fucking lucky this is a freaking awesome gym to be left to live but then it's like you know be really neat all the fancy shit anyway it's even look good for some different fucking angles either way let's just get ready to go slash a slash but thrash quads, rec hams drinks and then hopefully not even has to take my pants off to the pub jack because they won't have exploded because they got so a swollen and popped up you know do I think that's really gonna happen no but is it out of the realm of possibility not so short how about we have we're just getting there find out let's start simply enough moderate wheat land curls not crazy thing in the world but it's hard to start with anything else if I were to start with like a already-live something it's almost a little too like stretch folks you know it's like I want to be pretty exhausted because then when I do do an idea not to say do do but two plates only on the Smith I'll be able to feel my fucking hamstrings really firing because they've already been burned out so you know it's almost like well it's not a good analogy but it's like if somebody punching the arm it wouldn't take much force to get you to feel those pain signals again because it's already kind of tender now of course this damage is in a good way but I think you get the gist of one again so let's let's just go nuts in a controlled fashion ugh well too heavy but let's see one more just like that and then move on to some like extensions and another sort of back and forth silence today oh okay let's go grab a white extension rest periods are getting shorter you know the incest just aren't so damaged I get still failure but I'm hitting failure earlier let's carbs let's kind of just set high set endurance I guess but the pump goes on let's grab something let's belt in and then 10 reps on the left side 10 of the right back and forth until just quad up moderation and this weight is within race like this is nothing crazy one sixty a little more than double stack or a little more than half this deck but it's a kind of a late stack so this is serving two purposes for one it's a good work and said but it's also warm up my knees like wands in general so if I move on to some kind of pressing next like a squatter like press I'll just feel more ready for it you know like you're not going to want to bust that into a full on sprint without warming up and that's kind of what these are serving a purpose of at least in the scheme of quads you Oh, okay. A little head, let's not just one. But that was good. Meas are feeling really good. One more. Give me a second. Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Oh my god. No. No. No. Oh, yeah. Wow. That's a good. Slaw or stretch focus style. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Oh, holy shit. One more. But slower pool of damage on a repy. It's not out of the. It's so fucking out of the. Yeah. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Okay. That's good. It's going again. Movements. TBB. I got to play you better for a second. Well, the idea of what it is, money will be a leg extensions again, let's say. A little bit of at least wisdom that applies directly to me on kind of. I'm feeling very strong. But usually this leg press full stack is pretty fucking head to the point where I mean, after like, you know, a few sets of leg extensions more. even get the first rep moving. Loading low in a good set. So you might think, okay, well, like what's feel extra strong? My knee's still really good. They have been a little bit tender the last few days, but now I got the green light. I should try to, I should try to just want six plates on Smith vision. Now I can climb that's the exact answer. So I'm gonna air on the side of caution. I'm still gonna, I mean, this is the sack, of course, but this is gonna be a bit more lengthy torturous set. I'm gonna try to do as many reps as I can, no rest, no nothing, which is, I mean, I guess that sounds like it goes with that saying. But for some like a leg press, or even bench, it's very easy to do some, get a little tired, and then rest at the top for the extra breaths. So I'm gonna try to get as many rapid reps in a row, and then obviously burn out with a couple of big hoffs and puffs in between to get, you know, whatever benefits, a little bit of mid set reoxygenation to do for me. So now I gotta do is, okay, good song, get it up and go nuts. And I think I'll go one notch deep there. That'll be good right there. Actually, now. That's good. There we go. All right, come on. Here, here. Boom. Let's hit him. Nice. Nice. Nice. Its going. Boom. Boom! Ooh! Keep there! Oh! Well, Emm! Yes! Ah, me! OK. Oh gosh. Oh Oh Oh Oh crap That is like the weirdest shit. Here's the first two reps feel like nothing but then six hit you like a fucking uh Oh Like a full bag like Let's do it for Mario's nice Smith machine If it's open Not my favorite But dumbbells will still work 75 Same as normal Hinge at the hips And feel my hamstrings do the main pulling Much easier said than done So start lighting just try to get a beautiful for it Let's finally tip to anybody There Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh One more Alright come on Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Ah I feel like starting this old time my good Oh Oh Oh Let's move on to some of the extensions again I'm fucking dying right now And again the good way but I'm putting on the deficit Back to the outside I have reasons to believe that this might actually be yet Left right right Alternating this time Every five months And honestly my quadro It's fucking cool I wonder I think I might actually start after like Like leverage My carbs during the week To bias a carb heavy quading Because like arms doesn't suffer so much from the player And I'm still a good chef and back day flat as your flat AF right But legs I'm hitting the thick point of difficulty Diet related to the point where I might need to get myself a little more food on leg days And let it less on the rest of them It's a kind of counteract the average calorie intake Just so I can really keep thrashing legs Or alternate solution Drop the leg volume Doesn't feel like a cooler option but that might just be there Might be decay Well Either way I think this will be it Post down And then for you we'll go to the car But for me I'm just gonna go camp out On the ad dr. For a while Okay Let's go plant some beer today Appreciate it Alright Let's get a minor zoom in here But legs I would say legs have been stimulated I think thrash is not exactly the right word But that's kind of not what I'm aiming for right now It sucks because like it's not cool It's not cool for me to say I kind of took it easy But the amount of energy to recover that I have right now And the calorie deficit It's just not fucking infinite You know like bulking up If you're eating in a real calorie surplus Like you're eating an extra five 700 calories On a day-to-day above your maintenance Then I would go so far as to say over training At least in like a regular working out Kind of context Is damn near impossible Because you just got so much fucking food in your system Like if you really were overtraining You would know it Dying down That's where it's actually a bit more legit Because it's like yeah, I've simply only got 23-ish hundred calories a day So recover from all this damage I'm trying to do And if I overdo it I'm gonna get gradually more tender And so I'm gonna hold it all Like random pieces of shit And my knees are gonna like you just fucking adds up You know, so I gotta be a bit smarter And the dieting down context Which unfortunately for me means you know No nose bleeding sets of sniff squats But that's okay That'll be for the bulk And a few months from now But let's roll up these pant legs and see just how we're looking I need shorter shorts Because when I roll these up I get a little A bit of a diaper look But what do you ever do? So That's certainly a set of freaking squats No, I'll get this Yeah, you got a hint of quad feathering I'm not sure it really comes across in the camera It should And then let's see how the size of the camera Now I'm gonna get this So gradually giving vaneier Caffe veins I'm becoming a more apparent We do a little breath hold see if I can bust him out a little bit extra Y'all Oh, well Any other case Quad's breathing will be pumped Hamstrings definitely fucking fatigued And now all I get to do is Run over to the ad doctor Sit down play on my phone and squish my legs together for a couple sets Back to shit up in the car and go eat something Okay, starving Okay, I think I Officially need a Refeed day It's not that does not mean I'm now gonna eat ten gazillion calories Ten thousand calorie refeed challenge Not exactly not a freaking exactly But a refeed is not just an excuse to cheat on your diet It actually does have some legit utility That is if it's actually used and it's intended to fashion You know because there's a diminishing return effect that happens as you diet And then dining down especially And I will explain This is a little bro sciency But the basic sentiment is there like it's a pretty good description I feel As you get lighter you physically get You're holding on to less mass You have to keep less mass on your frame alive Which is your main energy Not source but your main consumer of energy It's just staying a fucking life You know do in your cardio whatever you burning calories you do whatever But as much energy as you output physically I mean you're burning like ten times that just in like heat production And you know keep in all your muscle oxygenated So obviously a whale is gonna need to eat more food than me It's bigger So as you get lighter as you get leaner as you get smaller You actually have to eat less food Because your body now needs less food to stay that weight So it kind of you sort of like a self regulating system You know if if a famine were to hit And you were suddenly now only able to access Twenty you know two thousand calories per day If you only ate two thousand calories per day And let's say you started at three Then you would get lighter you'd get to a lighter body weight until 2000 was your new baseline Three thousand used to be your baseline up here when you were this heavy But now that you're lighter Less food will let you stay the same size So when you die down you have to fight against that because your metabolism wants to slow down Right food is now becoming more scarce So as a system you like dude fuck But then I start really running through this shit like Like whatever like I got to conserve this energy You know see your metabolism starts to slow down a bit And that sucks because what that means is if you want to continue losing body fat Then if your baseline metabolism if your maintenance calorie number is now decreasing Then if you want to keep getting leaner you have to continue to eat less and less and less and less and less So one step which helps mitigate that effect is by doing your cardio Like maintain some extra activity in calorie burning So that you're always you know kind of keeping your metabolism a little bit higher from being more active Right if somebody were to do two hours of activity per day versus someone who doesn't even if they're the same weight That guy who did two hours of any kind of activity. I'm not even saying working out But anything like being active He will burn more calories in the day Then the guy who didn't so dieting wise That's sort of the gist that's the situation The longer you diet you have to continue to eat less and less fucking food But if you do that before you know it fuck man I'm an 1800 calories today if I want to keep losing this pound or whatever You know and I do not want to be eating 1800 calories per day at least not yet You know dude I'll do it. I'll do it. I have to do later on in this what is going to end up being a prep Right once I'm really getting an extra lean but right now I don't have to go that drastic So the logic of a refeed is okay My metabolism is slowing down. It's getting I'm getting used to this deficit It's not giving me the same like fat burning effect that it used to because now you didn't use to it So the refeed and then you take a day you eat an extra I don't know what the standard amount is Usually I just kind of end up going like a thousand calories over maybe an extra like 300 to 50 grams of carbs of whatever variety usually a treat That's a I use the refeed kind of is like a cheat in a way but The idea there is okay now you're suddenly adding extra fuel to your system your body's like okay, dude Now I get a lot of food eat all right Kind of ranch your metabolism up a little bit more because now you're used to running on that much So you almost give your metabolism next to kickstart and as you keep getting leaner Or as you keep a or as you get back on track to eating in your calorie deficit Then it'll be a little it'll have a little bit more of a punch You know and then that's not the best explanation But you know it's about it, you know So it's been about two months of Consistent calorie restriction It's probably about a good time Especially today I could kind of feel a little bit of extra extra lower energy in that quad day And not like overall energy but really like set by set kind of endurance because I want to be I still want to kill it even if I'm darting down So that's and then if you're thinking well Sam what you're really need to change is start adding some goddamn rest days Why are you training every day you might be on a something that is also something I'm thinking about too Because like I was saying during the post down like if you're eating the ton of food if you're actually eating more than enough fuel To run your system and keep training on the regular then over training gets tricky You know not the easiest thing to do but you start restricting your calories You start getting extra lean you're really kind down Then the rest might be necessary So we'll just have to see I'm not anti rest day But I just don't want to take him if I don't need to you know because it's like I'm just a freaking you know lifted nut You know you can't you can't take the gym rat out of the gym. It just doesn't work like that you know But you know rock so that's something that I might kind of consider but with the might be a little hiatus I guess on those days I'll just because I'll still do cardio of course. I'll just that might just ease back in the lift So in days like that maybe I don't know what I'll just show you some bills and stuff But good lift There ain't good friggin lift even though it was a little bit later on the gas pedal Then I would probably prefer it's just a nature dide down right now I'll get back to full throttle once we start bulking up again So that's the that's the given take you know you're bulking up Big strong crazy pumped Not so lean you're diving down you look a little crazy But you know feel so crazy so it's it's always just like a back and forth right can't have it He can't have it exactly perfect there's always a given take with those sort of things But that's why I like either bulking up or cutting down at least for now Because I'm still trying to like make gains and continue to beef up eventually I'll reach a point where I'm like, okay, this isn't I'll stay here for a while and then back off to a bit more regular you know, I'll probably do the classic Body bill they're a transition into like more athletic face training because I you know I don't know how long it's going to take but I'm sure eventually I'm going to have my fill of you know chasing size And then I'll want to get more more limber again, but that'll be a little while right for now We're really into this part of it, but for now I'm either bulking up or cutting down right no matter what time of year it is There's always a specific directive which I'm aiming for which I really think is important for I mean anybody lifting context Because if you're trying to make progress But you're not like working towards something specific then it's such an arbitrary goal man, you know, it's like You kind of have to pinpoint yourself down to some specific metrics that you want to work on And that makes it so much easier to adjust and try to improve on them because you actually know specifically what you're aiming for Right, I mean telling somebody or somebody saying, okay, I want to get better or golf I always add that golf references just because Mark does it but I want to get better at golf man It's like what the fuck is that you want to you want to you want to better drive you want to stop a slice in it You want to get your short game back in line like well, there's a many ways to look at that Whereas somebody who says to himself, okay for the next couple of weeks I really want to work on my internal rotation and form and keep it in my left arm totally straight And keep not tracking the ball, you're just like little things like that, you know, it makes it so much easier Because instead of a big or a big overarching like just idea of something you want to do If you pinpoint it down you magnify it out, okay, I want to gain weight I want to gain muscle, I want to bulk Then that's not arbitrary, that's okay. I want to eat in a surplus, I want to train hard, I want to recover And I want my trend line on the scale to be positive That's it, that's not it, but that's the gist of it, same thing, dieting down All right, I mean, I want to get lean Calorie restriction cardio training recovery It's four parts Now it's not as easy as dad, there's a lot more that goes into it But if you're looking at it, are you looking at your routine, you say, okay, what do I need to improve on? It's really just those four things, man, you know, are you slacken off or are you taking a couple extra Rest days or taking like weeks off of the gym consistently? And dude, you're training's off, what the fuck? Are you staying up crazy late and waking up at a regular time? Like you gotta do like school or whatever, and then you stay up until two o'clock Played four night or something, you're sleeping shit Fuck man, you gotta work out Are you actually eating in a calorie deficit? Are you trying to track your stuff? Fuck man, you gotta start tracking that shit, you know? I'm not trying to cut back on the swearing, it's, I don't know I swear I don't talk that this in real life, like person, person So you have to drink today You had a monster and a Coke get lunch, your hydration is off that And that's like those four main things, if you could jump those a little bit closer to ideal And I'm not even saying perfect, but just a bit closer than lifting wise progress wise You're gonna see some pretty noticeable fucking changes And the best part is it's insanely direct Like if you get a good night's rest on average for the next week, you're going to feel it right that If you stay and actually get yourself really hydrated, you're gonna feel better If you're actually eating as much food as you're aiming for, being bulk cut, maintain You should see those results basically instantly on the scale Now I say instantly isn't like, you know, over the course of a few days or like a week But in the scheme of working out a week, it's quick And if you actually start training, extra hard, you know, a lot in the in the sense It'll notice it takes a little while it takes a little while But you will notice and the best part is it's hard in the beginning, but it gets easier You know any top level dude at anything Sure, like they're putting in it same effort, they're really grinding All the time they're looking at all these little details about what they're doing Try and improve it, but since they've worked their way up to that speed It's no longer like a challenge, that's just their baseline day Like that's what they're used to Like to reach a state of locked in It's I feel like it's so like Pandered on all the TikTok hype edits and stuff We're like it's just crazy maximum effort like everything But the reality is I think really being locked in It's not to the point where you feel like you're full throttle redlining your effort like every day Because locked in is just what you're used to Like going to the gym every day is normal life Doing your cardio on the regular just feels like another step Track in your calories It's just what you do, you know Like you wouldn't look at a tuna or a freaking What's like a marlin swimming what like 60 miles of freaking hour in the water Like that's just what they're made for you know so you can get to that state just by exposure I mean sure tracking your calories sucks at the beginning as much as I love talking about it I'm not trying to say it's easy you know You feel like you've got OCD you know you're weighing everything you're counting every gram of everything Like yeah me it sucks I'm not a I'm not oblivious to that but the longer you do it eventually it's just still normal and you don't even think about it Right, I mean that first day that you came in and worked out And especially you know maybe the day or two after you really felt like it hit you But two weeks later that's soreness is gone right you're getting more use with your adapting to the training environment that you're putting yourself into And if you continue to give yourself enough stimulus to adapts Then before you know it like 90% effort will just feel like regular effort You know so just something to think about right I mean the guys who And it's kind of it's so counterintuitive you know because I'm sure anybody who you've ever seen in your gym where they're like a top dog bigger dude And maybe not even bigger but just like they're training consistently for a long time they know what they're doing For them it's not a challenge to say okay, I'm going to the gypsa day Okay, I'm gonna get my pre-work out and get my shoes together and I put my gym back in the car with it's get after this run Like that internal battle that doesn't exist for that that's just how they do it But as a beginner if getting through that internal battle of like a fucking guy got to go to the gym Then that's just the difficulty level that you have to reach and if you can break through that in two weeks later That little debate in your mind will begin to fade and now instead of thinking okay, am I gonna go to the gym today? It's like okay, how hard am I gonna go today? Okay And then eventually you get to a point where you have to tell yourself okay, I better back off on legs today because I'm dying down, I don't want to stress out my knees from trying to go too heavy I'm like press in a calorie deficit you know, so it's a momentum which takes a while to build up But once that speed has been acquired then object emotions can sustain a tricky portion So the tricky part really is just building up that speed at the beginning But that's my stick there and if you're working on the regular you already know this someone I don't have to say that to you know what you're doing But playing for tomorrow some chest Maybe a little bit of side duts just get kicks but we'll have to see I've been saying that and I don't really do it So maybe maybe I'll have to have it tomorrow Well, I'll see how chest feels if I feel crazy pumped after the chest after the chest portion Then I'll just call it there but either way, I'll see you tomorrow