Alright, whoever came up with these things right here, God dang genius. It's like a blanket for your hands, man. I'm just joking, Kevin. I've been well aware of what gloves were, but for one of the reasons did not have any of the freaking apartment. What the hell? He's taken for granted. I'm sure nine out of ten of you guys have that front door, cupboard, or a front door, a little coke room, or whatever. And you have a million pairs of your families, winter gloves, and it's just a drone about you can never find the right set of any of them. Hopefully this doesn't turn into my own collection of those. But keeping the thing, he's nice and warm. So I don't have to spend extra long warming him up before I go. Hands on steel, hands on with the iron, and the god dang, well, you get the idea. So basic plan for arms is as such. Fill them up with blood, pose down, say holy crap. That's a good pump. And then leave. And I mean it. Don't have to do 30 minutes of cardio afterward, because I did two sessions of cardio today. All right. I wanted to see what it would be like to do, well, just to have a more chill post lift. So Eric, Eric, Eric, Eric, Eric. Hey, the clock cardio in the morning. Followed by two o'clock cardio. Can I just, because I was ready for it. What was doing the else? And then a nap. Some extra time is passed, and now here we are. So I'll probably still do some cardio just out of, I think, yeah, probably just out of habit. But no need for a full 30. And honestly, I mean 15 minutes of post lift cardio on the bike, not the hardest trick thing in the world. I mean, I'm going to sit on my phone for 15 minutes, sit in the car. I really couldn't recommend it enough. But I don't want to turn every talk into a, every talk into a cardio rant. I know that'll probably, probably start to kill something. But I went old school hobby-wise today. I got a 13 by 13 unit, Rubik's Cube. Things, freaking huge. I'm talking, well, it's like small, but pieces wise. So I was sitting there for like two freaking hours trying to get it back together. And it's just a pattern recognition kind of thing. So I used to be really into that when I was younger. So I still kind of remembered how to do it. But I couldn't figure out the last section. So it's still sitting on my desk. Maybe I'll do that way. But a little more excuse to bust that a pre-work at John. It's late. It's a late one. I probably should have came in here a little bit earlier to keep up my normal kind of sleep schedule. 9.35 on a Friday. So it's, I don't bring it up as much because I'm not at school anymore. I'm not really surrounded by it. But it's Friday night. The bars are still open. And if you're in my 18 to 22, 18 to 24 year old demographic, AKA college students, you get in thrashed tonight. Is your crew about to get freaking spawning tonight to the point where you're going to, you're going to get more dad lore. Really? That's the dad lore. Just getting the records on the regular. Whatever suits your boat. But in a games specific context, I really can't speak any worse about it. I mean, you're killing your games. You're going to feel like shit tomorrow. You're legitimately, I mean, it's a performance de-hancer in terms of your, in terms of your actual muscle building capability. Like, after drinking and stressing at your whole system like that, hypertrophy is basically just putting it on a freaking hold because you're making your body deal with that extra stress. And now, of course, that's not rhetorical. It's up to you. And this is your life, right? But for the most part, I only see the negatives. And that's coming from my perspective as a hardcore muscle above all. Kind of kind of kind of guy. So obviously, I've got a little bit of bias. But I mean, it's a pretty good case of things in terms of tips and system effort and everything else that goes along with building muscle, like a bodybuilding nutcase. Typically has a pretty big overlap with just general overall well-being. And I'm not talking about getting to 250 pounds. I'm talking about the cardio, the consistent weight training, getting your diet in order, having a pretty reasonable routine. And then getting even a step further and just kind of like your mental sort of state. It's like if you want to get into any endeavor and a long-term sort of format and you want to do something every day at the same age time, you know, of course, it can vary. And you want to feel good about it while you're doing it, but then you're going to want to have your mental state kind of in control too. So it's like, anything that's going to throw off gains typically just throws off people's enjoyment of life, you know? I mean, who's going to have more fun? Just on a not even on like a long bigger than this guy kind of whatever. Who do you think's going to enjoy their day more? The guy who got a good amount of rest, the guy who's well hydrated, the guy who is eating a reasonable diet. Now, of course, I might not be the guy to go to, to say either reasonable diet. But, you know, I'm hitting a solid amount of, I was going to say healthy. And healthy is kind of a weird word when he picks them up and diet. Because it's like, what are your specific goals, you know? But hitting your protein goals on the regular, not getting like 20 grams of protein per day, and then having the rest of it come only from like crazy high process, whatever. I mean, there's dudes where breakfast, lunch and dinner is all McDonald's, everything else. And you couple that sort of diet with zero work in that at all. It doesn't lead to the best result, I'll say. But obviously, the guy who's got all that in order is just going to feel better, you know? And the better you feel, the better you're going to perform. Even if it's just, you know, walking around doing your regular shit. And what I think sucks is feeling good, like feeling what really well-rested, is a bit understated, you know? Because I think a lot of life is like this. The bar of comfort is right here. Now, being above it, being well-rested, being well-fed, being well-slapped, being well-everything, well-high-dreated. You know, you're in the green. You're not crazy high in the green. It's a pretty, it's not the biggest change. You don't take your multivitamin's and drink a gallon of water, I think. Man, I feel good right now. It's not like that. It's not very hype and do so, you know? So, it's typically overlooked and put on the back burner compared to... Yo, man, you going out tonight, bro? You want to stay home and go to bed early? What do you have frigate, dork? I mean, insert whatever kind of frat style chat you like. You know, the value of, okay, should I get a good night's rest and go to bed early? Or insert Tom Fulher. Usually the scales are going to tip over here. So again, I mean, this is just coming from my perspective, of course. But at least in the long run, set of things, looking back over all days that are in the Green of that comfort level, they add up. Now, of course, it's not as fun, but... I'm alzin' your court, man. Dude, you want? So, that's my little anti-drinking kind of shit dick. But of course, I'm not your dad, so you do you. But for me, I think that within the hour, I'm going to have a rather nasty arm pump. It's going to be a little lengthier, at least, well, not lengthier, but a little more complicated in my last arm day, which was just rope extensions and dumbbell preacher curls. And I got a couple of comments, I'm like, well, see in this. Yeah, that's really a whole workout. All you did was rope extensions and preachers, man, that's not enough to do growth. And I've been getting these comments forever, you know, it's even with the, like all sorts of other lifts, too. It's like, your chest day was only inclined Smith and cable flies. It's like, yeah, it's eight hard sets of chest. You know, it doesn't really... I'm not really one to, you know, be of the, of the mind that it's like crap. If I don't hit eight different movements and suddenly this workout is complete bullshit, you know. Like, it's, it's almost as if somebody could have access to a gym where all it had was a Smith machine. And in their mind, they're going to say, oh, there's only Smith machine here. I guess I can't have a good chest day today. I'm going to skip the gym altogether. Now, I just, I don't get it. But that's, you know, that's coming from me having done a lot of really simple lifts. I mean, a lot of my high school lifts, too, in the beginning, I would just go down to the, you know, the weight room, like, for weightlifting class. And I knew the PE teacher who was teaching it because I remembered him from, like, elementary school, because he used to work there and then he moved to the high school. So he let me work out then there while the other guys are doing their class, which, honestly, if he did not do that, there's no saying if I'd be in this exact specific kind of position I'm in here. So it's, could have been a freaking massive blessing in disguise. But either way, all that was down there was barbells, racks, and dumbbells. And I might do. This is freaking perfect. Chest shoulders, back arms, legs. Now, of course, my hamstring training wasn't really awesome yet. I, uh, I didn't start really training hamstrings at all for, like, six months. Because in my mind, I used to think, well, why would I want the back of my legs to be big? I want the front of my legs to be big. And what my quadstegrot, who gives it freaking, who gives a rat to ask about hamstrings? Little to life, freaking. No. But all that's to say is, if you don't have access to the most cutting edge equipment, you still have access to enough to get a pump, man. You know, I'm talking with Giver up in here. If you give me a gallon jug in a shoe lace, and, you know, 30 minutes in some pre-workout, and then you come check in on me and about, you know, half an hour or so, I'm going to have a skin spilling chest bump. And even if you only gave me a damn pencil, I'd probably pull something out of the jar of wick. But the heat is heating. Let's get these freaking gloves off, and give you a ready start this workout. I am going to start this arm day just like the last one. But I'm definitely not just going to stick to these two movements. And we'll certainly bounce around. Try to set up bicep, try to set up bicep, try to set up bicep, but I know that the rope extension, don't belp, preach your combo. It's pretty good. So that's what I'll start with first. Very light, at least for me, like this is weight, that the first five reps absolutely know a shoe. So what I'm trying to maximize is the fatigue per rep. So I'm not going to sit here and just bust them out. It's not the point. What I want to do is feel my triceps kind of like, gradually loosen loose and loosen loose and loosen. And then have a good hard tight squeeze on the bottom. And I don't know why the squeeze gets no love. Like the flexing kind of contraction is getting absolutely no love right now. It's all about the stretch. It's all about, you know, somebody making a face like, why is he doing it like that? And then it's, it says, though, this is the perfect rep. I mean, what the hell are we talking about here? I know for a fact, my triceps are going to be more pumped in the universe or at the bottom of every rep. I have a good hard, crazy squeeze versus the one where I just like, tap it for a second and then focus more on the stretch. Obviously, there's value in both parts, but it's a complete rep, you know. So don't don't freak about any kind of new age, new wave, style of execution. That's just views for jargon or like new jargon for, you know, views. Like people trying to spice up fitness. Go hard, get a pump, you're good. Like trying new shit too, of course, like spice it up, but you don't need to completely uproot your training routine because so and so is doing it like this. If you know you're working out hard, I think you're good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my god. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think I know what's nice. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my goodness. Let's take a second and freaking poach down. Even though I'm a bit lighter, bad ass arm day. Yeah. Yeah. I'm dying here. And I just mean that as though I am going to sleep like a freaking baby. That's for sure. But let's see what kind of pump that arm day related in resulted in. Yeah. Go on old school. The freaking gold's gym take. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think all this freaking cardio and calorie counting is definitely added up to something. That's for freaking sure. No. All right. Now let's get out of here. There is strong potential that tomorrow ends up being a rest day. That is for freaking sure. But anytime you think like that, late, you just finished to work out your extra tired. Is that playing a role in the little bit of a bias in my mind where I'm going to be resting right now. And I'm in a very restful or at least anxious to be a restful situation. Because I'm doing the workout. It's late. I'm ready to go to bed. I don't want that mentality to creep into my plans for tomorrow. Because then you're just not planning based on an actual plan. You're just planning based on how you're feeling the moment. You know, like getting groceries when you're hungry, you're going to be a bit more likely to get some treats and get some extra everything. Whereas if you get groceries when you get a full belly, you might be a little bit more... Not even strict, but you just want to even feel the need to do that. But I've also got a balance out. The hard-headed approach that I've kind of got of like lift every day no matter what. Because right now is definitely not a situation where that's the case. With this calorie restriction for sure, my recoverability is impeded. I don't have a zillion freaking extra grams of carbs to really fuel up and get everything back in working order to come back in the rash tomorrow. So we'll see. If I feel good, then I'll just hit legs tomorrow and then do a rest day afterward. But definitely a rest day either tomorrow or the next day. Just as like a little bit of a reset. I'll still do some cardio too, of course. That's not going anywhere. But I just mean in terms of the actual lift. I'm not sure whether that first portion that posed down is out of focus. But... Definitely getting leaner. Definitely getting freaking leaner. So... Now we wait. Now we freaking wait. So postwork out meal. I plan on scarfing down some turkey. Not ground or deli. You gotta go to Costco and you get this big five pound vacuum sealed chunk of turkey. I'm talking fresh off the bird, not like reconstituted or whatever. And then I'll cut a couple of probably ten ounce or maybe 12 ounce slab there. I don't really... If I'm gonna overshoot calorie-wise, I definitely think it's in my best interest to have some extra protein rather than some extra carbs. So usually if I'm itching for some kind of snack and it's late, I'm gonna go for some straight protein first before I start reaching around. Like some of the yogurt or blueberries or anything else. But... Currently I've been having the same treat on repeat, which has actually been pretty much for your perfect calorie-wise. It's usually two tubs. Sometimes... I mean, well, that's sometimes, yeah, but I could definitely imagine doing it three at once. But two tubs, a little like non-fat, Greek yogurt. So each one's got seven grams of carbs, 15 grams of protein. Mixed with about 20 grams of carbs worth of frozen pineapple. And then like 30, 60-ish milliliters or whatever kind of whatever of sugar-free maple syrup. To give that all kind of a bit of a stir. And then you might think that I would want to blend that up into a bit of a smoothie type situation. But I don't think that would be any better because then rather than getting to actually like, you know, bite into and chew the frozen fruit chunks. You're just drinking it and drinking your calories in a deficit-type situation is not the best way to go about it. You know, because you can definitely... Well, I mean, it's just the nature of a liquid. It's going to want to fill up whatever kind of container you put it in. So drinking a big shake is not going to be so filling as eating that same amount of food in physical form. You know what I'm saying? So I leave that frozen fruit intact just so I feel like I'm actually eating something. And then it's definitely a good little sort of sweet tooth kind of curber. So I think that'll probably be a good pairing next to the mix of that turkey. No, at the same time, I'll probably do it like dinner dessert style, save it for later. And then I'm talking straight to bed soon. So I think that's all I got to say, man. Sweet arm day. Lower back beginning to look extra nuts. And I haven't even really gotten into a peak kind of finishing form. Because not only am I going to get a little bit leaner, but there's also going to be some kind of, you know, water cutting going on in terms of like drying out and carbon up and sort of everything else. So I think I'm definitely in for something coming next month. But no point talking about it now. Well, we'll just see once that actually happens. So plan for tomorrow. Either legs are rest. But in either case, the deficit will be maintained. All right. Make sure you lock in if you're really getting into any sort of calorie restrictions or certain calorie goals that you're aiming for. But that's all I got, man. So I'll see you for whatever tomorrow brings.