This was almost a planet fitness chest day, but yeah, someday. Damn. It was really hoping it was like two stairs or something. Planet fitness dropped the freaking ball. Honestly, it used to be 24 hours, 24 or seven. Now it's like, I'm even spoiled with the one I've got. They only close at nine on the weekend. I'm in Friday. I've seen a couple where they actually shut down a like six or even five. Not fucking cool. So what other anytime gym is there? I think we know the one. So that'll be good. That will be good. Last chest day was some little bit too heavy incline Smith as the starter movement. So for this one, I want to change it up a touch. I think I've got an inch for some cable press. So still, I mean, a reasonably heavy press, right? But slightly different. Because with this instead of really trying to load up a ton of freaking weight, it's going to be a bit more controlled squeezing. So it's like instead of starting a tricep day with crazy, heavy skull crushers or like close grip bench, really just trying to maximize how much force and tension physically feeling that's kind of what I'm doing with a really heavy press for chest. It's really starting with a lighter, rope extension, much more squeeze emphasized and the difficulty from the reps doesn't come from simply doing them like it's hard as you can. It comes from really having a deep kind of methodical flex on the top. And then just repeating that as many times as possible. So that's something which I think I don't emphasize enough is of course it's going to be a good set to pick a heavy weight and go to failure around eightish reps, minimum. Even a heavy set of like 14, it's still pretty solid. And if you go above or beyond those numbers, it's not like you're suddenly making no games. That's just kind of the ballpark estimate. I like to stick between first and heavy sets. I think that's a great set of just move the weight around. So as much as I like three plates on the incline barbell for 12 or something with maybe two assisted reps, I also like a lighter set of cable press converging to half the stack ish for like 20 and then hitting failure that way. So that's sort of the key component which balances out all sets in terms of style, movement, everything else is no matter if you're doing a heavy set of 12 or lighter squeezing set of 20 or maybe like a rest pause set of like 5, 5, 5, 5 or 7, 7 or whatever. Over archingly I want all of those sets to have one thing in common. I go as hard as I can and at least approach failure. And that's a little bit of a convoluted term now which it totally shouldn't be. It should just be basic like muscular failure is you can't do another rep but it's uh there's a lot of talk of all it's you know you should leave three reps in reserve or you know I never trained a failure even like you know sorts of characters are weighing in order and frankly I'm going to be out of the under the position of go as hard as you can most of the time. If you know that there's benefit for you to do some pump-ish style sets like at the end of this chest deck when I once I've finished some heavy pressing or you know maybe some lighter squeezing pressing or whatever I've done most of the work of the workout and I want to finish the set off with some pump work and really try to just fill my chest up with as much blood as possible from post down as well as just for the benefits of all the fucking extra blood flow of being pumped on its own then I might do a set of cable press where it's a lightish weight and I'm really just getting a big stretch and hard squeeze at the bottom for 15 or so and it's not to failure. It's sort of just a set to like satisfaction now and it's and it's just like that of course but I don't need to go to failure but for most of your working sets most of the work of the workout it's leaving anything in the tank I see that as a negative and barring like oh my shoulders kind of I got to ease into it for my knees like assuming all is well health-wise shoulders feel good all you're doing through all right and you're about to do a set of you know hammer strength press you get to five reps okay you're feeling it you get to eight reps all right I get to hold at the top and take a breath for a second before I do these next two you do two with a breath in between they would go okay I can maybe do two more maybe let's rack it I consider that at least a small oh at least to a small degree some level of failure and not muscular failure you know so that's where I'm much more interested in the guys who really push themselves with the training because that's not something you which you can just listen to like some workout tutorial video and they're gonna explain like I think it's so strange that all of the working out tips that get talked about it's always purely like form execution how should your sets look it's I never hear about like how should your sets feel and like how excited should you be about it and like you got to really just like go nuts when you're actually doing this this uh trying not to swear as much of you but I never hear that I almost never hear like run hype and excitement talked about at least you know except for like an ego gym screaming kind of edit but that's a I don't think that really counts that's that's just generalized height but if you were to take two guys doing the exact same workout written out form you know I guess if you wanted to make it really balanced you'd say 80% of your max or like somehow you could value it where it's like they were doing the same weight for every movement and it was like you know failure failure failure failure two epic nerves or whatever I don't know the guy who's really excited about what he's doing he's got his music plan he's really getting into his own before every set he has a couple seconds like like a little bit of excitement building before he goes after and then he makes it happen that guy is gonna go harder get a better workout get a better pump then the guy who does these sets with a much more calm state of mind and over time that is going to reflect in the results that the two guys get so as much as you as much value as there as there is and all the like you know make sure you do this perfect mezzo like dude the guys who train the hardest get the first and I guess you got to add one more caveat and the guys who train the hardest for the longest go the first you know because without that training the hardest part I mean I'm sure we've seen it there's guys in the gym where they've been working out doing the same workout routine the same lack of cardio routine the same you know maybe getting a decent amount of protein but not really leveraging they're diet very much so they're training for a long past time but are they really going as hard as they can you know so it's that's where you can do the exact same workout and in a years time be the exact same dude which I it's I hate to see it because if you already come to the gym you took your pre-workout you're taking your creativity you got all your multivivatives you're watching workout videos you're literally working out six days a week or however many days a week and you're not making gains you're doing 90% of everything right but you just got to push it past that extra 10 to really start to break through the barrier right like if somebody I guess what's a good estimate you know somebody can have a nine foot vertical there's still not going to touch your amp you know they could have a nine and a half foot vertical where's done you gotta hit that fucking threshold so I'm gonna get some music plan get extra freaking excited and amped up and let's let's go make this chest they happen as predicted incline cable press perfect start and you gotta be trick you this one because I'm not trying to go crazy heavy because if I do then I lose the complete point over what I'm trying to do here which is really squeeze like a mobile and if I overload it to like the full stack I'm gonna use so much front delts and we fucking stupid so let's just go nuts here hmm yum you YUM you you nuts you smoke one more just like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Let's turn this into a respawn, actually. So, it's intervals of five. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One more with the drops down. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That was some good slowing controlled pressing. I think let's do a back and forth style. Pressing set, then a fly set, then a couple fly sets, and that'll probably be it. So, let's, I think some straight up peck deck is going to serve me nicely next. So, that was a very slow and controlled set of cable press. So, let's counter it with kind of a quicker basic set of flies. I'm not going to sit here and do a full one second hold and a two second eccentric. With this weight based on the feel of rep I just did. By the time I pumped out ten of these, I'm going to be doing tarials. And my main concern is the same thing in the pressing. I'm trying to keep from punching. There's the more I hunched the more front delta activate. So, I'm trying to really suck my shoulders back here. So, these flies look more like this instead of like this. But there's going to be some cable flies next, which are even more isolated for me. Let me just pick it up. Yeah. Cool. Come on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One more just like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's do some machine press. So, when the trick I like doing every time I use a machine press like this is I add these plastic like clamp style clips in between like the the bumper of the arm and the upright. Because it gives me an extra inch or so and a half of range of motion. And, you know, as much as I'm walking myself into that joke, that is a big inch and a half. Like, if it weren't there, it would feel way too tight in the beginning. And I'd probably hurt myself. So, that little bit of a buffer gives me a much more natural starting position. And I can just get straight into it instead of half and like round over and wrench. Because that's how natural for me. Like, I'm never going that deep. So, why would I want to load that position to get the weight set up, you know? Like, you don't curl 100 pound dumbbells into position for a bench. You put them on your knees and you throw them up. So, no need to make the set harder before it even begins. But this would be a little more squeezing focused. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know. You're okay. Oh, crap. Let's make this next one of the drops it and run it up. Yeah. Okay. No. Okay. Let's finish with some cable flies. Three out of four movements done. I'm out of a light. I'm not sure I explicitly said it, but I was planning on two sets of cable flies here. But if this superset is as good as I think it's going to be, then that will be it. So portion one in front of the body flies with some upper chest bias, which once you get to the point where you can just like pop these things in command, it's not so, or it's easier to specifically kind of target like different portions of your chest. But I can get the bottom of it flex right here, but the top is still soft. Or if I raise my arm up and I kind of feel like I'm scooping my elbow inward and up. The now the top part is fucking tense and the bottom is still a little bit relaxed. So that's just, you know, mind most of the connection we all get the just kind of just comes with time. But first portion, we more upper chest focus flies. And I still feel my whole chest, but mainly upper is what'll be targeting. Weight light enough that I can do at least 10 reps quick with full range of motion before it breaks down to some partials. Then drop the weight by about half and finish with like a pump style set like I was talking about the car. I'm not going to go to complete muscular failure where I can barely move, but I will go until I feel like I've completely built my chest up with as much blood as possible. Then we go to the side room and see how they look. So let me, let me get this J-set it going again. I got to work season two of our cane season one, it's pretty good. You know. Yeah. Okay. Come on, come here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Let's pause down. I guess I just say we're pumped. Same thing. So, one, two, three, four, five, six. Seven set chest day. That's about freaking right. You know, any more volume at least today specifically. I don't think I'd be any more pumped. Any less? Probably wouldn't have been enough. I'm reaching, I'm okay. Let me finish my thought. But I'm almost kind of considering putting the pump checks on hiatus just so that I can have a little bit more abrupt, like lifts to lift changes in leanness that are actually more noticeable. But maybe that's just not even freaking necessary. Honestly, I feel pretty nuts right here. But let's, let's run through a couple. Woo. Woo. Woo. Woo. Woo. Woo. Kind of breathe a little bit less heavy when I do these. Oh, I get it. What else is there? Oh yeah. Class of glad spread. Oh my gosh. So, waste. Feeling particularly thinned out, especially compared to, I mean, just a few months ago. Okay. Now I gotta catch my breath and do one more though, so that's actually pretty cool. Oh. Oh, good. Well, I would say that's a pump more than, more than freaking achieved. Let me do one more side chest sort of old school style and then let's get out of here. Oh gosh. Well, that's what I mean for there. A good chunk of fucking striations, and especially paired with, I don't know, I trim waste. I don't see even just sitting there like that is kind of nuts. I mean, I mean, we'll be a little closer. There we go. Yeah. This is getting fucking crazy. Oh. Oh. I can tell I'm starting to break a sweat, even just by standing here, doing this posing. But this lift is not over. I'm gonna add a touch of cardio after these lifts from now on. Except for legs. Legs is gonna be hard enough on my lower body anyway. Adding some more cardio might just kind of stress my system. Is this? Yeah, it's backwards. So I'm thinking maybe just 15 minutes on the seat of bike. Nothing wild. That's not even really gonna feel that hard. But it is gonna add up. Because for me to do these 15 minutes, it's not gonna feel like much. But if I do this for the next four weeks, it's 28 days, time 15 minutes. Uh. Oh, what is that? Damn near seven hours of cardio? Actually, exactly seven hours of cardio. That's a lot. That is a freaking lot. And that's kind of the theme of working out at all. It's like just the small incremental unnoticeable acts adding up. And then over time, you get to say, holy crap, where it all means fucking games come from. But either way, I'll soon in the car, but now you can't fatten, play some crash royale on the bike. Oh, okay. I am ready for bed. You're gonna sleep. Maybe not exactly like a baby, because a baby is in a state of growth. I am in a state of, well, dining down. It's a slightly different, I'm not even slightly. Very different state of being, but you get the gist of what I'm getting after. I am gonna be sleeping hard. So postwork at meal? Oh, give us. Probably can make, I don't know. I don't know. I'm not gonna need just one big one I might have to sort of, maybe a bigger meal and kind of a snack issue me up before I go to sleep. But that's gonna look something along the lines of. Accumulatively about a pound of ground beef already cooked. I got a, I mean, five pounds of ones I got to sit in the Tupperware, which, when all you're really into the freaking ground beef, it kind of goes quick. But, some ground beef, some kind of sauce, low sugar to no sugar. I did some low sugar barbecue sauce earlier. I might change it up and do a little bit of burger style. That's where, I mean, just take a, some ground beef in a bowl. Catch up mustard, relish, low fat mania, maya, low fat mania. There's, I'd say, low fat mania, no. Low fat mani makes the whole kind of thing together. And then if I'm really feeling crazy, I'll grab one of the low carb buns and sort of make, like, deconstructed reconstructed burger ends up being pretty good. But, really, I'm trying to stay away from the low carb buns because, or the low carb tortilla is too, like, if I really want to eat something like that, then I will. But it just kind of, I mean, they're very fibrous. So, and by that, I mean, they have a lot of fibric, and I'm, so sometimes it can, it can make your stomach feel a little funky, the too many of those, right? There, as much as they are, a pretty damn cool tool to get around the fact that you can't really eat or just dedicate a carpsour, as when you're dieting, at least not a lot of them. They're not a complete freaking cure-all. Because then if you eat a ton of them, you're going to kind of like, basically just get bloated, because they, you know, they go through all sorts of processes to make them low carb. So, as much as there is benefit to some tips and tricks, you can't get around the fact that dieting either, up or down is just going to be challenging. There is, uh, there are certainly things you can do to make it easier, right? Like, if you work out consistently and you do your cardio consistently, then you can actually can eat more food than somebody of similar statuette to you who doesn't do those things. And you can still be getting leaner, because you're burning more energy throughout the day, right? If you've got two campfires, and one of them has a leaf blower blown on it, which is making that fire burn hotter, then it's going to take more fucking logs quicker. In the other one, that's burning a bit slower, you know? So, that's going to help when you're bulking up, make sure you eat foods that are easy to eat, bowls of fresh rice, like, I usually don't like prepping the rice, because if it sits in the fridge for too long, it can get a little dry, and then it's not as enjoyable to eat. So, I usually, uh, that's why I really like the microwave of ones, because it's like, it's done right there, not a huge mess or anything, but they do come with, you know, some added carbs and fats. Or some added fats, obviously there's a lot of other carbs. But, as easy it is to, uh, or as much ease as it gives you to evenly spread out your meals throughout the day, you can't get around the fact that you have to hit certain thresholds before you notice the results that you want to see. So, dieting down, you know, as much as I could, uh, or as much cardio as I could do, and as much working out as I could do, and there's no getting around, I just don't have that much foodie, you know? So, it comes down to, okay, this is the situation at hand. I want to get leaner. I'm doing this much cardio a day, I'm doing this much working out of the day, I'm burning this much energy a day. I can only eat this much food. And if I go over, I'm not going to eat my goals. What I set out to do, I have failed, and it was in my own control, and I just said screw it. So, you know, there really is, uh, some value, not even some value, a ton of value, to being, uh, being a little bit harder on yourself there. And by harder on yourself, I just mean, like, connected with the goals that you're trying to achieve, because it's very easy to think. Well, you know, it's not going to be summertime for like six months, right? I don't need to die down right now. It's, uh, do it. Christmas is coming. Really, you want me to eat a small Christmas dinner? What do you think? We just had Thanksgiving, man. You really expect me to die at three Thanksgiving. Come on. It is so easy to, uh, and, I mean, for me too, I could think of a million reign of mass excuses to, uh, as to say, like, why I should just go crazy, get some ben and jerrys and some, uh, like, some McDonald's and just go, uh, say, eat until I'm totally full and satisfied. Not that I'm really thinking that, but like, for anybody, it's very easy to come up with reasonings until, like, sort of, just hem and ha on your mind and think, okay, well, I mean, you know, like, you know, and what it really comes down to, the thought that is really just bubbling up, causing those little arguments for yourself is simply, uh, well, that's going to be hard. You should probably do it easy way. That's going to be uncontrollable. You should probably do it the comfortable way. Holy shit. Two deer. Goodness. But, you know, that's the thought process you're fighting. Because you've got your conscious brain that's you making your thoughts right now very actively. Then you've got your subconscious and the subconscious, you can't control it, right? That's why, uh, that's why every time you're sitting on the cardio bike and a random thought pops in your mind, like, you didn't, you didn't conjure it, it just kind of happened, like, ah, dude, this is getting hard. You should probably stop. And that's when you have an option. That's where you can either, right, show some grit or show some quip. So you can think to yourself, well, what the fuck man, I want to do this cardio. The fact that it's hard is why I'm doing it, so I can come out better at the end of it. Now, it's not like you do one thirty minute cardio session and now you're suddenly a new man, but if you do it hundreds upon hundreds of times in a row, a new man could actually be a pretty damn good description. All right, I get tagged in all sorts of posts on the Instagram, the TikTok and everything. I'm always scrolling through them, like, same with the comments. I don't know, I don't reply to all of them as I used to. It's getting to the point where there's too many. Awesome problem to have, but the tag posts I look through a little bit more diligently. And the reason for that is because I just saw one earlier, if I wasn't driving, I'd pull it up. It was a TikTok of a guy. First picture, tank top, you know, maybe load 200 pounds soft, like, kind of a younger dude, high schoolish. The next slide, it didn't seem exactly how long it had been since that first picture was taken, but dude was lean. Dude looked like he worked out. Absolute insane transformation easily within the range of a 40 pound drop and fat. And I doubt it took that guy that long. Especially when you're a little bit younger, like, you can just flip a switch. Your metabolism is already going nuts because you're still in kind of a state of growth until you're probably, like, yeah, I mean, fuck, you can get up in like 22, you know? Like, you ever hear guys talk about how your metabolism kind of takes a hit, just basically once you reach full size as a guy, that's fucking true, man, right? So, what I'm getting at is insane fucking fat loss transformation. That's what I love to see because these guys get such an awesome grasp of every aspect of little working out. The calories, the training, the cardio, the consistency, and in their mind, and not even in his mind specifically, he must have had a moment of realization where he said, alright. This is where I'm at right now. I know where I want to be. I know what it's going to take for me to get there. Let's make this shit happen. And then he did it. Boom, right? That's fucking sweet. So, that's where if you know you want something, then if you can break it down to the point where you can visualize and know exactly the steps that it's going to take for you to get there, then those subconscious thoughts of like, oh man, why are you doing this? This is getting hard. You just go home. Like up for cardio sleep in a little bit. Suddenly, you're going to be freaking, let me with a crack. What's the word I'm thinking of? Totally killed my, totally killed my pace there. In prayer. Oh yeah. Suddenly, you're going to be impervious to these damn like creeping little like back off, lazy, and this kind of thoughts, because you're holding freaking steadfast to whatever goals you want to achieve. So, the idea, at least ideally, you'll reach a point where the idea of doing anything that's counterintuitive to those overarching goals that you have, it's like, it's laughable. Like the idea of, oh my goodness. Like if I would have rolled up to, if I walked into the gym and I ran into somebody, you know, let's say, a seam on time. I don't know, one of my buddies and he's like, dude, screw cardio this morning. Let's go get breakfast. Let's go do whatever. Not happening. Like, what are you fucking talking about? And for some, that is a pretty strong antagonizing force against their goal achievement, because that situation is pretty fucking frequent. I mean, how often is it that you or, oh, let me just say you, for example, you've been, you know, kind of half invited to some kind of plan, some sort of night, whatever, where you say, well, dude, I'm working out at six, man, I can be able to make it or dude, I'm going to be late, man. I got to, or dude, I got to get up early. I got cardio tomorrow. I can't go out tonight. You know, how often have you ever had to say that? And then the response from whoever it was that was asking you was, oh, dude, yeah, fuck man, you're right. I know that you want to get after it. You're good. I know that's going to be a, you know, time more well spent for you. Probably zero freaking percent more likely, but guys, you're going to say, dude, you work out all the time. You're working out like a million times a week, bro. You can skip one workout. What's one workout, man? And for anybody that's really locked in with a thought process of, oh, what's one day off, bro? Come on, just like, it doesn't happen like that. That is coming purely from a perspective of who cares about what your goals are. And as unfortunate as it is, not really anybody, you know, like, if you want to kill it this year, let's say you're aiming for a badass, upward of like 60 pound kind of fat transformation or fat loss transformation. You don't have a cheerlead, you're just what? Like nobody is really coming for you to wake you up in the morning and say, come on, man, let's go get your cardio, you're doing good. I was about to say, going and done at the same time, but come on, man, let's go get your cardio done today. Let's do it. Come on, you said you wanted to do it. Like, that's not an often, but if you do have a support system like that, make fucking use of it, right? If you got a, if you're rocking a father's son, do oh, to the gym or, you know, you got a crew with you who's going all the time, that is awesome. But that's not very often, right? For the most part, it's always just you. So I don't mind that because I think it's, I don't know, I kind of like the fact that it's an individual thing for me. All right, I can really get into it. It's all in my own control. I'm going to go as far as I want with it and I'm going to be as dedicated as I know that I want to be with it. So it's almost like, well, it's like I almost, I feel like I feel cool that I don't need a huge support structure and it kind of just validates the fact that I want it to myself because it's like, I know I don't need anybody saying, like come on, see, I'm getting on with it. Come on, see, I'm getting up into your cardio today. Come on, man. I know 30 minutes on the bike. Come on. You know, because I know that I want the goals that lie beyond doing that. So if you have a solid grasp with solid visualization of what you want to make happen. All there is to it is simply making it happen. And the problem with that is it just takes a while. Games are not quick. Like this is a multi year endeavor for most to reach whatever, at least approaching whatever end goal that anybody might have working out. And I'm definitely taking it much further than necessary with how nuts I'm trying to go. But even if it's just like, okay, I want to get back into shape. I want to get back to be able to run a couple of miles. I want to get back to just whatever. That is absolutely awesome. So don't forget the feeling of what you, of what it feels like when you're imagining yourself where you want to be. I try not to do that all the time because I feel like when you really think about and get height based on where you're going to be in the future, it can almost sort of take away your drive. I'm getting a little bit abstract in my thoughts here, but it's like the more you think about your end goal and you're getting excited about it. It's almost like you're replaying the idea and giving yourself the same dopamine release as if you've actually already made it happen. So it's like anybody can want you to tick-tock at it with like Jocco and David Goggins and you know Tom Platt's. Yeah, I am working out. Yes. And then what's that energy's gone? It's like what happened? So that's where I really try to hold onto that and not run it over too many times in my mind. You know, because I want to be more excited about the day by day steps because if those get me excited, then it's never going to be a question of am I going to wake up and get my cardio going? Am I going to push it hard in the gym? Not only do I want to because it's simply pushing me further into the progress that I want to reach, but it's just what I like, you know. So eventually you reach a point of comfort and confidence with what you're doing, where you can reach that state. Because in the beginning, workouts definitely feel like work if your excitement isn't really like maxed out. But I mean, I can't even remember at the last time I've had a workout planned or scheduled or whatever, where on my way to the gym I had to think, and I really don't feel like working out right now. And it might be a bad thing, but even when I've gotten no sleep, like I've had a couple times where I worked out, I had to stay up all night for whatever reason, primarily procrastination, like back when I was in school and I'd have to do an all night or something. But sometimes, just so we had scheduled, like if I had to go somewhere in the morning or whatever, where it was like full night, no sleep. And then I recorded it. I don't remember when it was. This is way back, but I guess if you remember the video just by me referencing it, then you're a damn historic viewer. That's, you've been around a while. But I had not slept the whole time, and then I went to go do legs that morning anyway, because I was like, well, I gotta do legs today. It's make this shit happen. And it would have been better for me to just try to get a little bit of rest, even just two hours or three hours of sleep before I went to do whatever. Like that would have just been better. But, you know, in my mind, I'm like, I'm working out. I don't care what state of mind, let's go make this shit happen. And I'm even during the work I was fucking exhausted, but I still felt really good after work because I was like, or I got to think to myself, okay. My preparation for this lift was terrible, but still killed it. So it's almost, there's sort of a disconnect or a, like, a rift in working out where it's like, there is what is objectively optimal. But then there is, like, the die hard, gung-ho, run your head through brick wall approach, which I do think having the mentality to do that. And then start to approach the optimal side of things is where, well, that's just a good overlay or a good overlap of legitimate, like, smart training as well as, you know, knowing that, no matter what happens, you're still going to fucking get after it. But, that was a good chest day. I'm really excited to get back to the computer and actually, like, put this together and look over the clip because, you know, it's cool, like, I don't know how to explain it. But, like, looking at the video, especially with the fancy lens and everything else, like, it almost looks extra cool. There's, you know, it's like, it's cool to look at yourself in the mirror. And then it's, when I go back and check it out, it's, like, I got a whole new perspective when I look at the, the edited version. But that's all I got. Awesome chest day. I can go to sleep knowing that I, that I pushed myself towards one of my main and four. And then I got some cardio in the back day tomorrow. So, I will see you then.