I have a particular item that I need to get into my inventory and that's a set of winter gloves, which I currently do not have going gloveless and sucks, especially walking the trash out. I feel like my fingers are going to fall off, but they're getting cold. They're getting cold, you gotta keep your outer extremities insulated. But apart from that, I can handle a little chilliness. This is, uh, at least feels more festive when there's snow on the ground. When it's just cold and gray, that can suck. But if it's cold and snowy, it's a little more jolly, you know. But either way, playing for tonight's lift back, I'm excited for it. Not because I'm going to somehow have the most intense set in the world that I've ever done, or I'm going to be the most physically pumped I've ever been. But I'm just going to take in one more step towards the goals I'm trying to achieve, plus every lift, I'm a little bit leaner than I was the last time. So I'm kind of excited to see how my back is going to look today. But I'm doing a full-dave eating as well. So that's, I'll do a little double upload for the day that this video gets out. I'm trying to make it a little more concise to sometimes I let the full-dave eating go on for like two hours. It's too long, at least, you know, for everybody. So I'll try to limit that to like 25 minutes or something. But yeah, so I'll play it for back after having eaten about 100 grams of protein, 30 something in it's your carbs and only like 10 or 15 of fats. Well, do some pullovers, do some rows, do some pull downs, and then before I know it, my back's going to be fully pumped. So I get this comment reasonably frequently enough that it actually warrants attention. How should my training change if I'm trying to bulk up versus when I'm trying to cut down? And I think the reason that that even becomes a question is, there's a lot of the meta of working out or like descriptive terms of what working out even is, is very like convoluted and strange to anybody who's not really into it. Because everybody's going to say like, oh, you do crunches and it burns the body fat on your abs or you do these movements so that you look toned. Oh, I don't want that blocky look. I want to look more like, you know, this that or the other. Like it's it's just kind of a weird way to think about it. But if you boil it down, you know, how I feel about the matter and not how I feel but what I think the situation is based on everything I know is the whole point of the workout, be it bulking up or cutting down is purely to stimulate whatever muscle you're hitting. Usually a good rule of thumb is hit every muscle group twice per week. Right now I've been on a kick of doing everything twice every eight days because I do legs just back arms and then legs again. So every four days I hit everything. So twice every eight days just about twice a week. But so stimulate whatever muscle you're hitting twice a week. As hard as you can given your current state, you know. So if I'm only eating a freaking hundred grams of carbs every day and I'm not completely full of everything else in my recovery is a little bit inhibited then I might end up toning back on the volume. But not even like actively, I'm simply going to be like fatigued and like feel subjectively done with the workout earlier because I don't have the same endurance that I do when I'm eating like ten times as many carbs and like three times as many fats as I am. You know, when I've got more energy in my system. So it's like I'm doing as many sets as necessary to reach a state of fully pumped and fully stimulated slash fatigued. So what changes? I'm not going to go as heavy of course but that's just common sense, you know, lift within weights that are within reason for your current state. So if I'm fully bulked extra big extra strong, I might be more inclined to throw the stack around a more movements because that's going to feel like a reasonable working weight. And then in terms of muscular growth, I'm definitely trying to leverage progressive overload to get bigger and stronger throughout a bulking phase. But you know, guiding down, I don't want to use weights that might be a little more within reason that I can feel obviously not hurt myself doing and then, you know, still finish with a good pump and keep my effort level pretty high. I mean, I'm not going to sit here and do 30 sets of like junk volume, you know, the approaches basically the same. But there are little details. So if you're dieting down, maybe don't lift the most weight you've ever done on incline bench. Maybe don't try to do like a million sets of extra kind of volume. But the same thing to be said about bulking up, you know, what I'm really concerned with is making sure my efforts there. My pump is solid and then really staying hipes and frigging an opponent. We're not even motivated just excited about the lift. But that's true on any given day during any bulking, maintaining or dieting phase. You know, so when I talk about like really making sure I get extra pumps, that's not only my actions in the gym. I'm talking about how to the gym at home. You know, if I didn't drink as much water as I did today, if I didn't have as many electrolytes as I did or get as much rest as I did, then my pump in the gym is going to suffer. So it's not like physically getting pumped is the cause of stimulus and this causing your muscles to grow. But if you had a really wild pump, odds are everything was in order for you to have a good lift that's going to result in more progress. You know, so if you were as well hydrated as you've ever been, as well rest it as you've ever been and you have a pretty solid workout, you know, a whole new crowd, everything's clicking. Yeah, that shouldn't be a surprise, you know. So that's where the guys who put a bit more effort into their out of gym activities and sort of schedule and make sure that things kind of align, then I mean, who's going to have a better lift, the guy who drank four liters of water so far today, got eight hours of sleep and, you know, is ready and feels good. Or the guy who got four hours of sleep, drink maybe a liter of water, maybe in his overall just slightly dehydrated, totally didn't have any extra electrolytes. And then his, you know, feeling a little groggy for the lift, right? Sure, you take your pre-work out, whatever you get a bit more, you're going to like, temporary energy. But I think we know the answer to who's going to get better results in the long run. So, don't just think that the gym is where all the effort is made, right? Outside of the gym, you got to have that support structure so that when you're actually roll up, you don't feel like shit and you actually, you know, are excited to do what you're there for. Working out sucks, if it feels like work, if you think enough sleep, if you're not well hydrated, you're just overall like in a state of fatigue and stress, then yeah, I mean, what are the odds that you're going to keep working out every day, you know, doing anything pretty low. But if you get everything else in order and you just feel better in general, then, you know, pushing yourself hard in the gym will feel good. So, it's not necessarily a question of a community. How I am to do hyped and locking, how I get it's like dude, go to bed earlier. That's going to boost your freaking lift progress more than any TikTok edit ever could. So, that's a, that's a, that's a talk for me there. Pull down, pull over, and rose, and then within an hour or so from right now, Ish, give her take to putting on traffic. I'm sure I'm going to be looking at a rather freaky back pump in the mirror. So, how about we, how about we just get that started? I have a plan. I actually have formulated a little bit of a plan for this lift. Because there's a seat at the row right here, but it's one of the ones, oh, actually what I'm even doing, let's just point out it. It's one of the ones that's like that handle is very far away from where I would usually be. I want to actually do in the reps, but I put that yoga pad on to it. So, I can kind of like push against my shins instead of my feet, because for me to load up a reasonable amount of weight, and then basically hunch away over here, pull it all the way back, and then starting in the reps are just kind of sucks. So, you said, don't use this row, but the yoga pad is my freaky and savior. But I don't want to go too heavy, right? So, I'm going to save this as more of a lighter squeezing movement for later, and start with some lat pre-exhaustion. So, I think I might sort of work my way up from lower lats starting here with the pullovers, up to mid back, and then kind of bounce around as such. But let's just get set number one moving. And these are going to be alternating 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, and so I'm totally burnt down. Oh, 10 reps might have been a little ambitious. That's good though. Let's run that back at least one more time. Yes, 10. Do not do it. Oh my gosh. Yeah, these are good. Definitely prefer the single arm pull over to double arm at once. I thought I could really just dig deeper during one at a time. But I think that's enough here. Let's move on. Let's do one set of shrugs before I move on to anything upper back focused. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Yeah. No. No. Okay. Woo. This is very manageable weight. Only 200 something pounds. Alright. No. No. No. No. Hmm. Hmm. No. No. No. No. No. No. Too heavy. Good set. Let me drop the weight. I only need one 50. Yeah. What am I doing to our two 10? Okay. Let's do some pull-outs. Stand or straight bar. So we got 210 big ones on the side. Okay. Okay. Let's do some pull-outs. Stand or straight bar. So we got 210 big ones on the stack. This will be a reasonably hefty set. But not beyond reason. This is probably upper-ish line of the amount of weight I'd want to use. But I totally got 10 good ones and at least a couple of nasty impartials. Nasty in a good way. If I can pair with a good song. Okay. Okay. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Okay. I think I'm ready for the last superset. Then back will be done. So I'll pre-exas with some neutral grip pull-ups. Just like eight or something as many as I can do just to burn out. And then pop a squad here with these two de-handles. And do some very squeeze-focused rows. And this combination of some lat-work and some upper-back work is especially like tandem back-to-back. Or I guess we have back-to-back. And it always doesn't mean good to finish off these back days. All right, you're mine. Okay. Nice. Okay. Let's get it. Oh, come on. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, okay. Back complete. Now time for some judgment underneath some harsh top-down lighting. All right. So that was, how many says was that? Pull over, pull over, shrug, row, pull down, pull down, pull down, and then superset it in. Eight sets. That's kind of about right. I've been bouncing around the eights to, uh, the sort of seven-eightish. I feel like it's been a while since the nine set lift. Oh, is it? That's right through some of these guys. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Barely even flexing, like, only using enough back to hold my torso up from lean and forward. That is getting to be some pretty serious, lat trap. Let's just do the pose and set it talking about. Oh, yeah. Oh, my goodness. That's a good one. We are definitely getting somewhere there. And cheese. I think this might actually be the leanest my back has ever been. Maybe leanest and biggest. Just front side-wise. I feel like I've had a leaner torso before and midsection. But this is like, I'll go on record. I think this is the freakiest my back has ever looked. You little, uh, little extra zoom here. Do one more of those little Christmas tree flexes. Oh, well, it would seem that the cardio is paying off. Now it's a slow process, but definitely appears to be working. Let's, uh, give it a little art action in here too. Oh, oh, I'm more. Oh, my gosh. So, I think that's all I got for freaking back pumped to S.H.I.T. I'm feeling carb depleted. And for you, I'm getting freaking jealous of you guys. Because after these lifts, you just get to jump straight to the car. I've still got 60 minutes of pedaling and treadmill activities to get done. But that's just the situation at hand. So, I got to really lock it in for these last month and a half or so. Because the dieting is a progressively more intense endeavor. But it also gives you like, what's the word I'm thinking of? Like, what's the opposite of diminishing returns? Because every pound of fat that you lose in a row, each pound turns into more of a percentage change of your leanness. So, if you take a guy who's 100 pounds of fat overweight, have him lose one pound, it's only made a 1% change in his visual leanness. But you take a guy who's got a 10 pounds of spare body fat. Take off one pound. Now he's 10% leaner. The problem is those last few pounds get trickier and trickier to lose. So, definitely not a passive activity. But I'll see you in the car. I'd say wish me luck, but it's not really a luck type situation. Just, well, I'll try to enjoy it as much as I can. I'd tell you what, hindsight is 2020. I should have brought a spare shirt. Because now this jacket is going to have to be laundered. Because that blue t-shirt I've got underneath, it is drenched. It is freaking drenched. Which is kind of weird, because like, some days I'll be extra sweaty from the cardio. And then other days not so much. Not exactly sure what changes. I mean, I feel like I come into each cardio session pretty well hydrated. So, I don't know. Maybe the fact that I did it back tonight really got my core temperature going crazy. Well, you're gonna hit me? Yeah. So, you know, who's to say? But either way, this morning I was, I might have bundled up a little bit too much. I did, was I do a double sweatpants or just single? No, I don't remember. Well, whether it was double or single, I did a sweater and a sweatshirt on the seated bike. And I, and 40 minutes seated bike, 20 minutes on the treadmill. And I could tell that was really starting to heat me up. The point where I could, I thought I might have been a little bit too much. But it feels good to get nice and sweaty like that. So, maybe tomorrow morning I'll do shorts and like a light nylon shirt. Be a little bit more, you know, air cooled. But, either way, I've been working my way through all the old gangster movies. Scarface and the good fellows and what else? You guys are good for all of us. The godfather. I started the godfather too, but I watched that like immediately after the godfather. I might have been a little bit godfather down, but I need some new shows to watch. Part of me is thinking that I should watch lost. My sister and my dad watched that back when back when she was on high school and they were younger. And I would kind of tune in like every so often and see how it was going. Some of the, I keep seeing some clips. Honestly, the shows that I pick, I'm really subject to the freaking hive mind. Because if I saw a bunch of TikTok edits talking about Dexter and then to maybe watch Dexter. And then I saw a bunch of suits at it and maybe watch suits. Yeah, I'm really, really a freaking deer in the machine there. But I am trying to make use of the amount of cardio I'm doing by consuming some more long, form media. Instead of just sitting in the scroller. Oh, which I will reiterate. The already open your settings, open your screen time. I'm not here to judge how many hours you've spent on Instagram, TikTok and YouTube collectively. But I will be a bit of an advocate that you could totally spend 30 minutes out of that time period. Doing the exact same thing, watching the same videos, just doing the same stuff, whilst getting a little bit of extra cardio. And it's definitely not, it's not the easiest thing in the world, but it's not that hard either. It's really just a, you gotta do it in type situation. But that was a good back day. Everything is really clicking. That, that seated row. And I think that it was, it's just, it's like a weird height. I don't really like seated rows at that angle. I kind of like the more classic like playing a fitness scene. Looking lower foot pad with the round dimples on it or whatever. That feels a little better. But those pull down's felt really good. The pullovers, I was really feeling part of me thinks I might, I might even make a little bit of a trip back to American barbell for my, for my next back day and do some pullover machines. Because a good pullover machine. Yeah, it's definitely a step above the single arm, the cable pullovers. The single arm cable pullovers are good. Like I like it, but a good pullover machine. It's kind of hard to compare. There was, I had a good one at my school's gym. I would, I'd always be doing some kind of self, not self, but that's, gets some assisted reps going over there. But, yeah, pullovers and the overhead trisept extension. Those are rare. Those are hard to come by. And of course, they're the machines that like feel the best for their respective muscle groups. But it's not always about the machines, you know, it's like whatever. I mean, I think I went maybe like eight months or so, peak COVID, just in the basement gym doing lifts, where I'll had was the dumbbells to 50. And I say, all I had, like, I was really stocked. I'm, I'm extra spoiled because my dad had some weight sets already. All I had to do was get, get like a $200 Amazon rack and kind of clean up the space. But dumbbells up to 50s, plus like a 65 pound set of the ones that screw together. 300 pounds of weight in the barbell. And then a Jerry Riggs a cable pull down. So I could try separate stations. Yeah. And then, yeah. That was some very interesting quad, pretty interesting leg training back then. I didn't really know what I was doing with the squat to get. That was like year two, issue year three. I don't know, I think year two, I'm not really worried about. So I would, I would take these like elastic belts like these nylon kind of braided, like just belts for your pants. And what I would do is I'd set the bench on an incline. Maybe 15 degrees, like the lowest incline it could do. And how would tie, I think I could do about a 30 pound dumbbell. I would tie a 30 pound dumbbell to my foot. And I would do just sets of leg extensions like that. Not a lot of stretch, but a really good squeeze on top. I see a lot of that at a, you know, like all the home gym videos. Sometimes they talk about the ankle attachment. Where it's this big plastic, sort of thing where you can attach it dumbbell to your foot like that. And honestly, it worked out pretty well. And then for hamstrings what I would do is I tie the elastic band to the, like, to my bed, because the bed was just like a wooden frame with these metal posts to hold it up. And I would just do leg curls, single leg with an elastic band. And I worked well enough, I mean given, I don't really have any other option. And we're free in perfect. I have some pretty free leg pumps back there. But all that's to say is, you know, just make use of what you got. And if you want it, like if you want to have good work, I can make it happen. I mean, I, I've gone on records saying this a couple times. There is not many spaces that you could put me in, where I couldn't within at least like a minute or two, come up with a way to get a pump in some way or another. Be it chest legs, hamstring biceps arms or whatever. I mean, you give me a gallon jug of milk. Maybe gallon jug of water, I don't want to froth up. But I can leave milk out of the fridge for that long. But let's say you give me gallon of water. I get an arm day. I get it. The bad ass arm day was just going to gallon the water for sure. Shoulders easy, just lateral raises. Chest would be a little trickier. You'd have to do some kind of funky, like, drag curls. I just need to see you where. There are types of situations, but, yeah, that's, I think that's a good quality for a lift or to have. But hopefully enough when I can have anything like that, any time soon. I do get a little nervous here in all these rumors about the, like, Chinese, whatever sort of virus, getting, whatever. But, we'll be right. Oh, 12 activity going on over there. Just mind your business, throw it. So, plan for tonight. I've got a pretty substantial amount of food. I still get to eat, which is very nice. I was very good about my diet today in terms of saving calories for later. So, now I get to have a pretty substantial postwork at meal and a pretty decently sized meal for right before bed. But, there's, there's like a balance that you have to have because if you wait too long to eat your first meal, like, if you try to just fast until four o'clock, then odds are you're going to push your hunger into this realm of, like, in sensibility. And then you're just going to want to eat everything in the same. You'll like eat a thousand calories in a few minutes and you'll still want to eat more. So, I'm kind of working on this balancing act of like, okay. I want to save my food for later in the day. But, I've got to eat something first so that I'm not totally dying after my workout or before I go to bed. Because, I can have, I mean, I could, I could die at 95% of the time perfectly. You know, it could be 9 o'clock. I've only, you know, 1,800 calories. I got a couple hundred calories left for a postwork at meal of sweet. This whole day is a success so far. And it would only, I mean, it would take me five minutes to completely overshoot my calorie goal by, I mean, I could slam 4,000 calories in 5 minutes at the end of the right food. I mean, it's up a bit in the jerry's, it's 1200. I could, I don't even, I don't even like thinking about it now because now I'm thinking about it. But, I'd say you could put me down for a strong 12 seconds on a tub of benning jerry's, depending on the flavor. You know, if it's got chunks, maybe put me in after 15, but if you're giving me just straight vanilla, yeah, that thing's gone at 12 seconds. And that's 1200 calories. That's double the amount of food almost that I've eaten all of today. So, you really do gotta be tricky about that stuff. You gotta be careful about that stuff. Because calories can, well, your machine may to survive. You can get calories in pretty freaking quick. And you're kind of fighting against my natural instincts right now trying to get leaner because my stomach and my brain is telling me, dude, you're hungry. You need eat something. You gotta, any food you can get your hands on, eat it. All right, I'm sorry, I can see food diet. You see it, napping. So I'm trying to fight against that sort of natural urge. But it's not that strong. You can overpower that sort of thing. Be as, keep it tough mind. If you're watching this at 11 and you're trying not to go to the pantry and just completely rate it, that's a thing. That's something I've been there. I've been there. I've grabbed yourself a Sprite Zero. Grab yourself a sugar-free gelo cup. Maybe mix it with 100 grams of frozen fruit. I've been doing that. A ton has been working out very well. Because I can have a full bowl of like just frozen fruit with gelo. Sugar-free, of course. The things 15 grams of carbs, but like it's a pretty substantial bowl. You know, so I always try to aim for that calorie smart option if you can. If you're really into the thick of it, if you're dieting face. But I think that pretty much covers me for back today. I'm getting pretty excited for arms tomorrow. And then I'm excited for the leg day after that and the chest day after that and the back day after that. The arm day after that and the leg day after that and definitely. So I will see you for arms.