It's getting free and cold out here, man. Not so cold today, but the given take of it being... What's temperature is that outside? 48 extra wet, so it's like what's worse? Colder, dry or slightly warmer, you know, from rainy kind of whatever. I'm not to turn on these intros into a freaking weather forecast. Oh, yeah, not to turn into a weather forecast. So, playing for a day with chest, don't nuts in a controlled manner. Go crazy! Within reason, my plan for that is some kind of pressing, and I might even change up a little bit further and start with some cable pressing. I think a lot of something there. But I don't just have to see. I got a warm-up, give my roti-to-cuffs going, a little bit of back warm-up, chest, shoulders, triceps, forearms. Because, I mean, I got a lot of load that's being put through multiple chains of different systems. So chest has my longest warm-up. I'm not going to sit here and jump straight on like a leg curl, and then I'm ready. Like for hands, you know, chest is a little more methodical with that warm-up, we can't afford it. Which I've changed a few things to. I've been tucking my elbows in a little bit more. When I press, I used to bench like arms almost parallel. Like bar, not at like neck level, but a little bit below. That was my efforts to focus on my upper chest, which, I'm not saying that doesn't work per se. But so much torque in whatever kind of internal pressure on my roti-to-cuffs. I'd have a crunchy shoulder like every couple of months. I mean, that's just sucks. So that's just me being stupid with a training tweaking myself. But ever since I switched to pressing with my elbows a little further in, you know, not like a close grip bench or anything. But, you know, like a little bit more than normal, as well as a much more extensive roti-to-cuff warm-up phase. That my shoulders have been good, right? Not on the, you know, the fake canry wood, but so far, that extra warming-up phase for the roti-to-cuffs and, you know, whatever kind of internal muscles are in there. We're trying a little bit trickier to get moving just from regular pressing. That has been doing me good. That has been doing me quite freaking good. So, after some pressing, you know, just bounce around. There's, uh, yeah, I'll see. Maybe some Smith went to Marty fatigue. Some cable fly action at the end of it. It's really, I mean, I'm seeing this yesterday. I'm trying to hit a couple different, like, styles of movements. Heavy pressing, lighter squeezing pressing. Cable flies, some stretch focus flies, some squeeze focus flies. Yeah, and there's a couple other little variations in there as well, but it's not, uh, if I get most of those moving, then I'm really just concerned, making sure each set I go hard. I'm working towards getting a fucking pump. And at the end of it, it's good. There's not a, I don't feel the need to, like, track every weight and every set and everything else, because, you know, if you know you're pushing it at least close to as hard as you can on the regular, you know, most of your sets are actually going pretty hard. Then you're basically good, you know, like the idea of progressive overloaded is, okay, I did this weight last week for 10 reps. Now I want to do it for 11. Or now I want to do, like, like a slightly heavier weight for 10, and, you know, overload the sets intensity. But I really feel like if you're trying to gun it on the regular, then, for every set, at least most of the heavier ones, if you approach it with the mentality of, like, okay, I want to go as hard as I can on this set, and you actually do, then it's like you've got no choice but to progressively overload, because, you know, after you've gone through your recovery process from the last time you did it hard, it's like that, you should now be slightly more capable. You know, nothing crazy. You're never going to go from, like, two plates for 10, one day to 25 for 10 the next. But, if you push yourself into this, that's better said as zone probably more like the realm of hypertrophy. And then, you know, you get reasonable sleep, even that food, you get, uh, get your water in. Then odds are, once you're, you know, no longer sore three, four days of past, and you come back, you should be strong, all right? Because you took all the stimulation that last workout, you've now built yourself back up. You should be slightly ahead now versus that. And it's small, it's just momentary, uh, it's like little increments, but over time, they add up, and eventually you can add up pretty freaking huge. But that's, uh, that's the gist there, right? Instead of freaking out about making sure I hit specific numbers, I just want to know that my, like, effort and intensity level on a set by set basis, is at least here, right? There's no one's have to be 11, but at least, you know, that 90% 95% range, that's what I'm aiming for. And then I just got to be a little mindful, not to, you know, try to do four plates on smith, even if I feel kind of strong, just because I'm probably going to forget her but self. But no more talking, let's just make it just, just they happened. Let's get real here. Heavy, but not too heavy. Yeah. Yeah. I'll just want to put a slide on the left. Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I can't get that cold, I can't get that cold. Actually, that's not cool. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. I can't get that slide, that was too heavy. I like that side. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. I'm gonna take it off, crack. All right, see what's more. Do something cable related next. So this is a good little change up. Heavy tension focused set within client Smith. But even though it's still an incline press here on these cables, the hard part isn't the bottom. It's squeezing up at the top, you know, because it's, I mean, most of that's just the fact that these cables are pulling my hands apart from each other. So it's like, you know, if you were holding a, if you're holding a, if you're holding a fucking watermelon right here, you probably hold it for a little while. But if you put it further away from your fucking body, it's not only when you put it just drop it, but you're going to fill your chest, ease and fucking crazy hard. Is it's like the further you have to fucking reach the more force you got to exert all sorts of like tension and whatnot. That's why if you ever see anybody on the peck deck and they start like leaning forward into the thing and pull the arms inward. That's making it easier, right? It's harder to have your arms all the way out. Extended force, but no need for any more explanation. All you can try and do is squeeze the shid out of these set reps. Oh, come on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. All right. Let's actually not leave. Let's do one more set here, but not seated up bench slight variation. If you overall theme will be basically the same. This would be a little bit of a nastier just bent over pressing set. And you can't really force reps when you're sitting up against the seat, which is a good thing that is a benefit of doing that kind of movement. But sometimes the length difference is around. And what I mean by that is reaching a similar level of failure, but instead of just almost being forced to racket, you use a little bit of extra body language and get some more reps moving, which really just ends up boiling down to self assistance. Like you wouldn't call it cheating if you watched somebody have their like workout partner. Help pull the bar up and then make them ride the negative on like some assisted reps of like Smith machine or something. But suddenly we have a different perception where you reach failure on your own and then instead of being able to do a perfect rep, as you just can't do it, you muscle a little more and then you get to ride the negative. Now, you know, if your form becomes a greaseless, then that argument might hold a bit of water. But for the most part, I know that this set is going to give me closer towards my end goal of pumped out of the tea. So to make it happen and then move on to some stretch fly sort of based stuff. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's grab the wide cables. Yeah. Yeah. No. I'm clear. Yeah. All right. So this will be phase one. Just some standing right in front of the body flies. A little bit of upper chest focus and then drop the weight by like, f***ing half and do some more decline. So I'm changing my sort of like path from here. So now here. And at the flex position, I mean, I feel my whole chest pretty much like if you really push on a even a decline bench, your upper chest is going to be firing. But I just a different way to make sure I get blood into every single fiber I get f***ing available. So top side first, drop the weight and then go decline. Yeah. I'll make these little action normal. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Let's go post down here. Yeah. So chest more than freaking complete in one, two, three, four, five, six, seven sets. Honestly, basically about freaking right. You know, it doesn't take that much plus, I mean, seven sets is kind of the sweet spot, you know. And I've worked my way down from like 25. And one of the biggest changes is this, I feel like I don't do so much fluff work as I used to, as a beginner. So it's like if you're really getting after it, there's got to be a number where you've done this many sets and they've all like accumulated, let's say, pumpage, you know, there is an limit where like, okay, I'm fully pumped. Doing any more or doing much more at least is probably not in my best interest, but let's just stay concerned about the pump at hand here. And see how we're looking. Morning, weight, two, thirty, eight, again. But then I got to get back to like at home homey of stasis after a few days to really get a good idea of what I'm actually walking around at. But this pump is certainly something to freaking be whole. I mean, that's a new line. Feel like I haven't seen that thing before. Very cool for me. But let's run through some shit here. Oh my goodness. Honestly, volume wise, I feel way more freaking pumped than the last chest day. And more and more fibers are beginning to make themselves freaking apparent. I'd say fast forward two weeks. Uperage, that's the lower should be considerably fucking grainier. Now we're not going to see it for a little while because he's he's deep into a Balkan face right now. But there's this one guy. I'd say probably the king of fucking pet grains, Stefan. Something he's French. Absolutely nuts. But he's deep into a bulk right now. You're not going to see his fucking chest raise for a little while longer. But yeah, I mean, the linear I get, the more these are going to fucking start to show themselves. And honestly, I'd say chest fibers are probably the coolest out of all of them. But let's do a, it's getting the most musk in them and get out of here. Oh. Oh, goodness. Well, I'd call that a freaking success. So it's getting the car head back to the crib. And now you know what that was? That was a pretty damn good chest bump. Without exaggeration without hyperbole, without any goddamn resmotez. That was a solid as fucking pump. And now I could say, yepy, go home, eat something, and know that I'm on track for what my current goals are, AKA, get lean. Wow, keeping the most of already built up. Right? So that is good for me. One more day out of the belt. You know, it might not feel like, I mean, I'm the same dude tonight that I was this morning. But these lifts have a compounding effect that is only really apparent in the past. It's only really apparent after, you know, a couple hundred iterations. Because, you know, as a lifter, well, it's obviously as a beginner. You're going to be smarter than once you are. You know, once you're indoctrinated into being a full-fledged gym rat. But, you know, apart from the obvious thing, don't forget me. Every time you do something that makes you a little bit uncomfortable, odds are that it's just going to add up and add up and before you know it. Holy crap, man. How did you get that? Backfade, how did you get that bicep vein? How did you get those form? Whatever, you know, it's so. If you've got any, if you know anybody who's interested in jumping into the gym, come this new year's, which damn less than three weeks away, you know, 50, so it's at 49 or so, 49 and a half of the year already done. Goodness. I'm sure that's hitting some people like a smack in the face in terms of just how much time they just had access to. But, you know, if you know anybody like that, don't put, well, I guess I don't know what I would say to somebody just starting out. You know, stick to it. Right. Like nothing more than that. I think there's a million YouTube videos about like beginner workouts and all sorts of everything. The information's there. It's really just getting a hold of it, sticking to it, and then just sort of learning in your own. You know, like as much value as there is to the fact that there's like a million tutorials and everything else. That's just, that's just random information, you know, that's not a, it doesn't directly apply to you. Right. So again, I do what, you know, try some new shit. And then once you've gotten, don't mind. When do you think that hill is, you know, so, yeah, obviously, we're about to go to the gym. Obviously, we're about to watch an influx of gym yours. And the first week, two weeks might be pretty packed, and then eventually, some people are going to fall off right there. They're going to stop coming as much. So I think it's probably like a three week mark where, if you can get past that maybe three, four, five week consistency mark, odds are by then you probably built up enough of a habit, enough of a routine where you should be able to stick to it. And, you know, of course, if you look at all the statistics, it's not necessarily so, so motivating. Right. I mean, like, what's the percentage as a guy? So that actually stick to their fitness goals, new year's style. 20% 15 or something. But nothing's stopping you from being in that 15. Right. I mean, I, I hate the idea of like, it's all, it's these posts, where it's like only one person, the entire world could ever squat three, 15 or could ever bench 225 or 10. And it's like, yeah, sure, maybe whatever that percentage is, versus everybody else, it's just the nature of it. But if you look a bit deeper, the numbers explain themselves. You know, maybe 10% of the world is even trying, 5% of the world probably isn't taking that training that seriously. Another 4% are like, you know, maybe slack on the sleeve, diet, hydration. And then the 1% that do all of the things necessary, get whatever that end result is, you know. So it's not like, it can't just be explained away without, like, some people can do it and some people can. It's like, no, it's some people do what it takes. And then some people don't. And then that's what's reflected in those little statistics. So, all I'm trying to say there is try to put yourself in that minority group when it comes to, you know, any kind of a child. You know, any kind of achievement, especially fitness wise, because it's like, you freaking beat, say, what? 60, 70% of anybody else just by going at all. You know, like as much as I'm going to go hard and you know, talk about how you got to take all these sets to total failure and like really push and make sure that 90% threshold. Don't forget going from zero gym to just consistent gym. That is just as big of a jump as you go on from like relatively consistent kind of casual. I don't know how I'm in casualty about it. I think there's like activity based to work them out. So like really hard training. I'd say, honestly, the jump is probably actually smaller than to go from, you know, no routine to even just like a four day a week routine. And that kind of, that's kind of the case with a lot of things, right? The law of diminishing returns. So, fuck man. That first step you take is probably the biggest one. And then if you can just keep adding them on afterwards. Well, sky is the freakin limit. Or I guess you can say the bars, the limit, more likely to make it a little more sense. But playing for the postwork at meal, half a pound of ground beef. Some low sugar barbecue sauce. And then I'm going to try to go to bed, freakin early. I'm talking. I don't know what I'm talking about early. Nothing past 10 o'clock. I feel so much better when I'm on a good day routine of like a five or six a.m. wake up immediate cardio. You know, don't feel like there's any, just a better start I feel. But a little bit of a quick one today. Day 65, day 64. Not, these days are one and now. So I better make you two on a count. But I'm getting excited for the end of this dieting phase. And then for the bulking phase, which is to come afterward. But until then, I will see it's far for some back.