Alright, little bit later in the shrieking evening. Six o'clock, but feels about right. I kind of wanted to wait a little while because I had a big bowl of kind of a ground beef, mixed with fat free cheese, mixed with barbecue sauce, plus some low-car buns, two of those accounting for the fiber kind of different than anything else of those calories. But I kind of felt heavy in my stomach. I don't really love lifting when I feel like kind of like, no, I don't think bloated is really the right word because it's not like I was full of gas raining. It just kind of had a really full stomach. So it's not as fun to train like that. So I pushed the lift back a little bit later. And now I feel ready to freaking go. So our cardio complete in the morning. I'm going to have another hour after this. Let's not think about that. Let's think about the back workout with the touch of shoulders. Hey, you're focused there. So, I'll play it for back. Going to a bit of a simpler gym. So nothing too wild. I'm talking pull-outs, rows, pull-overs, potentially some pull-ups supersetted into some seated rows on the cable stack. And then that will probably be it. It really doesn't take much. And then shoulders, I think I'll kind of splice the two together. For me, with the shoulder workout, like I'm not going to, these aren't in same failure sets. I'm just trying to get a rear delt inside the pump. So probably in between each set of rows, I'll jump over to the dumbbells and do like 15 sets of lateral raises. Or 15 reps of lateral raises, bend over, do a few more sets of rear delt focused lateral raises. Oh, they go from there. So, I'm currently unstimulated. I've got the pre-workouts in front next to me. So I think that's only going to say. Well, short and sweet. How about we just jump straight to the action with a first set being? Typically, I'm always doing like some kind of single-on pull-over or pull-downs. Usually I save the pull-ups for a little bit later if I do them at all. So I've warmed up a little bit in the cables. They'll kind of fresh. Let's start with the pull-ups. I have my body weight and so a lot easier now. It's a little trickier doing these at 270. Set with a, let's just start with a reasonably tempoed set. You've got to get on my tip to it. It's just strapping. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I can't. Oh, my God, I said. Yeah, that's you one more. Probably two sets per movement. Can't have a approach, I'm thinking. Yeah, that's pretty hard. Okay. Oh, my God, I said. Let's do something more upper back focus next. Why does she grip straight bar rows? Perfect. No. No. Oh, okay. One more. So I forgot some freaking mention. It's day one hundred. Day one hundred of dieting. Yippee. Yeah, how about, how about we save the celebration for the end. All right, this is, is one more lift. One more step. It was worth aiming, but we're not there yet. There's still some time to a. There's still some words to be done. So, how about we save the special for. Once this is all over, right, nothing to wild today. Oh. That's why I don't wait like seated rows like this. It's started with the weight down. Let's just pull over. Oh. That's why I don't wait like seated rows like this. It's started with the weight down. Let's just pull over. Sing along, of course. Sing along. Five reps on either side. Standing. Yeah, yes. And maybe three feet away. And then I'm really trying to feel my lower. Lats. Like, if my lat ties all the way down to right here, I want to feel every fiber that at the bottom. So in the spirit of that squeeze, no need to go that heavy. Six easy actually perfect. So, left side first. Whoa. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. One more. So, a lot of raises. And then let's get ready for what I know. Like, ish. Pulldowns will be the lat-focused portion of this finisher. And then, as I've repeated pretty healthy many times, this sort of seeded row situation will be afterward. Whoa. It's, uh, it's been tremendous in the working order. But a nice little alternation of pull-downs, lat-focused, to more mid-back kind of trap-focused squeezing. Never done me wrong. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I've paused out. Holy crap, I'm feeling the freaking deficit now. Oh my gosh. All right. Good set. All the added of those two sets of lateral raises. But I can still feel a bit of a residual shoulder pump. I mean, they already jump in out of the freaking sweater. Well, let's, uh, let's do it through the shirt. Pump check and see what we're working with. Yeah. There's some width in there for sure. Let's get a real deep dive though. Oh goodness. Very different from the beginning. Let me see if I can remember to splice in the back lat spread from 100 days ago. Yeah. It looks quite different now. Very, uh, which is very good thing, of course. But let's run through something. There we go. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I've never had some freaking shot right there. Oh, oh, yeah. It's freaking hard to hold a pose after a full on freaking left. But let's, uh, yeah, a little bit of shoulders things starting to poachrude. Maybe we'll breath hold a really jump on that. Oh, oh, man. Yeah. I mean, just standing here in a pretty relaxed, well, relaxed. Certainly feeling like a nutcase. But there's a few extra steps to go. I believe this was. That is for sure. Oh, my goodness. But sweet back pump. A little bit of shoulder action. And then note insane. Try substrations or veins. Yep. But we're getting there day by freaking day. So for you, we can go to the car and get back to the happen for me. I'm going to camp out right freaking there for the next 60 minutes. So better than I'm at freaking ace up. All right. I'm totally going to forget to crop it in and post. Remember this? I mean, tell me it's going to burn us down. So it makes the holy crap. Yeah, so that was back in freaking October. Yeah, we go right there. Yeah, that was a while ago. Holy shhh. Holy moly. No, I know how to freaking bulk. That's for sure. But one thing that is, it's kind of been grinding my gears a little bit. And half of me thinks that these comments are like trolling. But, you know, half of me knows maybe they're not. And those comments are the ones where it's like, Sam, and I'm just trying to, you know, put some emphasis on it. But they're like, Sam, why would you strain the fat off the ground beef? That's healthy fat. Sam, why would you eat egg? And why would you eat egg whites and not the egg yolks? And get those healthy fats, man, from your mega threes. And, you know, I think it, you got to remember healthy foods, which is barely even an accurate description. Honestly, we have such a weird, like, obsession with categorizing foods. This is healthy. This is not, but whatever. That does not mean that it's conducive with fat loss. You know, I would completely stop losing weight right now. If I started eating three and a half thousand calories a day of chicken rice broccoli. No sauce, no nothing. If I was eating 400 grams of rice per day, and evenly sized, like chicken rice broccoli meals, which you would think holy crap, Sam's really locked in, he's not eating any, he's not eating any treats. All he's eating is chicken broccoli rice. Oh, he's serious now. I'd start gaining weight and start bulking up because the amount of calories that I'd be eating it's just too much. So the battle that I'm facing is every day. My body burns this much energy. Now, I sort of up that by adding all this extra cardio and the workout, but that just kind of counts as the day. So every day I burn this much. I can't eat more than this. I have to stay under because if I don't, no more body fat. There are no more body fat burning. I guess I really mean there would be the same amount of body fat, right? So what I'm trying to say there is, regardless of what those calories were, even if it was straight, crispy cream and protein shake, mixed with ice cream or whatever, if it was under that calorie limit, then that's what I'm really aiming for. Now, of course, that's an exaggeration I would never do that because it wouldn't work. Treats do not make you feel full. There's almost no way that I could ever eat 1,500 calories in a day or 2,000 calories in a day of pure treats. Because every time I would eat something, it would immediately spike my blood sugar. They're all my appetite off, you know, out of whack out the wasoo and then I'd be hungry again. It just doesn't work. So that's why all these meals have been plain. They're not plain, but low carb, low, I mean, basically nothing for sugar. Apart from like, I'll do some yogurt with some frozen fruit and a little bit of like sugar-free maple syrup. That ends up being a pretty good treat for me. Cost and only 160 calories, which is really nice. But it just doesn't, like, treats don't fill you up. Whereas if I've got a bowl of a full bag or like two bags of a mix salad, I add eight ounces of ground beef. I add 150 grams of G-heans, sugar-free barbecue sauce, which adds up to like, you know, 12 inch grams of carbs. And then some factory cheese, makes the whole thing together. I got a huge bowl of food in front of me. And only costs 500 calories right? It might only be like 40, not even 40, like 30 grams of carbs. Maybe 10 of fat if that, because of how much I'm strain in the ground beef. And then like 50 of protein. That's a big meal. So that's what I'm really aiming for. Calorie-efficient food. Because I want to feel full. That is the primary driver or the primary, like, vector that I'm trying to use to make me not come back to the kitchen for seconds. But I got a counter that with, okay. I'd feel pretty full if I had four spicy chicken sandwiches from Wendy's. And that would be my entire calorie intake in one sitting. So that's not going to work. So I'm going to eat foods that make me feel full. But don't completely blow my calorie budget out of the water. So especially for this degree, yeah, that means really strain off all the excess fats on the barbecue, or from the ground beef. I mean, it's no egg yolks. Except for sometimes I'll do like a soft boiled egg and kind of throw that over top of the ground beef. But those five grams of fat from that egg yolk, I got a counter. I got a track of that is not just a negligible amount. And you really, I mean, at this point getting this lean. I got to be straight. Or at least I've got to, you know, make sure I have a solid accounting of all the calories that are coming in and out. Because I know it sucks, and I'm not trying to say it's easy. But you really do have to be on it with a hundred percent of the foods that you're eating. In terms of your calorie tracking, if you want to make consistent body recomp sort of changes. And I mean, that's with the calorie counting approach. I mean, there's all the Atkins and Keto and I don't know carb. And none of that appeals to me. That doesn't make any sense. I know the calorie value of proteins, fats and carbs, the amounts of the proteins that I need for my build, the amount of fats and carbs and that sort of ratio. So I want to play around with it. I mean, I mean, control there. But, you know, if I don't count the five grams of carbs that were in the barbeque sauce that I add on the eggs. Or if I don't count the three grams of fat that I used because I put some avocado oil into the pot or the pan before I could be eggs. Or if I don't count, you know, this is out of the other. It'll start to add up really quickly because What's five grams of fat in ten grams of carbs? Nothing. That could be like one bite of something. That could be, uh, well, let me just, let me try to think of an example here. I'll just, I'll just go there and go out in front of me. Well, whatever. And extra hundred calories can be consumed like that. Like it's nothing. You won't even notice. Having an extra hundred calories on a meal, frankly, you're sort of like overall fullness. If it was like a 400 calorie meal, you probably wouldn't even know the difference. Now, if you add a hundred calories up five times throughout the day that you're eating, not even including a random little snacking or, you know, maybe you take a sip of some whatever out of the fridge, just every so often, you know, you ought to really need to track it. Before you know it, you might have tracked 80% of the food that you ate, but you completely missed 600 calories. A 600 calorie gap or discrepancy in your calorie intake. I mean, you're not going to be able to make up for it. And I feel like that's why so many people try to get into calorie counting and they track their weight. And, you know, they get in the scale every morning, okay. 180, 180, 180, or 250, 250, 250, 250. Oh, I'm counting everything. Why isn't this working? I, and then it's always a deflection, which is pretty classic psychology. You know, it's just not my fault as something else. So it's, well, I've got a slum metabolism, man. I'm a freaking hard game, you know, where as in reality, if you actually have a solid accounting of all the calories and the macros and everything else that you are really eating, then the numbers would start to explain your situation. Okay, I'm 240 pounds. I'm probably like 180 lean. All right. Well, I work out every day. I don't do any cardio. I should. I've been telling myself I should. Sam keeps telling me that I should. I'm not listening. I don't know myself in this guy. But, all right, I'm counting everything. Oh, well, I, I thought I was eating 2000 calories a day, but really, I'm eating 2,800. Huh. I guess that kind of makes sense. All right. Looked up my maintenance calories and it said 2800 was my maintenance. Okay. Well, if I keep eating the maintenance, I'm just going to keep maintaining my weight. I got to clearly drop those calories down. You know, and it's not fun to say that because, frankly, I mean, dieting is hard. You're literally fighting against your body's instinct, telling you to eat more food because you're hungry. You know, you basically have three things that you're hard-wired to do. All right. Sleep, eat, drink, and then I'm quoting myself from Wallygo. But there's one more. All right. And we, I think we all know which one this is. But to try to fight against one of those, especially one that's like pretty dang important for your survival, your hunger. It's hard. It's definitely not easy. But, all right, you got a human brain, or the freaking smartest thing there is on this planet. Potentially this whole freaking universe, right, depending on how much of a conspiracy theorist that you are. So, it's not the hardest problem in the world. You know, it's definitely not rocket science. But, it's a bit trickier than just writing down on paper, eat less food. There's certainly some room for new ones there. So, all that's to say is, from my perspective, at least, I find it's the easiest to go about the problem of dieting, bulking up or cutting down by breaking it down into the basic fundamentals of, okay? If I want to gain weight, I've got to eat enough food to gain weight. And if I want to get leaner, then I've got to, you know, only eat so much food on my body. It's forced to use its internal energy reserves. My body fat has energy to make up for that calorie deficit. And really, there's no two ways of batter with that. Calories in calories out is a pretty dang freaking strong ass law. You know, you're not fighting thermodynamics here. Of course, there's little tips and tricks in the cardio and the meal timing, everything else. But, if at the end of the day, you're eating too much, you're never going to make the fat loss gains or even four. Or advice versus obviously, I'm going to be a bit more diet centered now that I'm cutting down. But, if you keep telling yourself you're going to seriously bulk up, but the scale isn't changing. What does that mean, right? You're just not eating enough food. So you've got to find a way to match that for your schedule. Right? I mean, this, for my, how I've got about it, the working at is very personal. Like, I want my diet, my approach to everything to be form-fitted to me. So, you know, I've got to take their responsibility to try to figure all that stuff out, make and mistakes and try to learn from them in a just over time. And now I've got to the point where I've got a pretty reasonable grasp of how to modulate everything to do with my build. Right? Size, leanness, bulkness, whatever else. So, it's not a question of if, like, once you get a good grasp of the rules of the game that you're playing, what it comes to the dieting, the training, then no longer becomes an if I can achieve whatever I want to do. Or if I can get there, if I can get this lean, if I can reach this bodyweight. It's simply a gain plan which doesn't have to be looked at as an om. And I wonder if it's just, alright, how long is going to take for me to do this? Because the mystery is gone, right? I mean, the magician to a kid is like, I mean, it's straight up magic, right? But once you know the tricks, you know, once you understand how it's executed and how it's done, you could learn it yourself. Now it's going to take some time and some practice and some effort and some adjustment, everything else. But it can be done. Now, if you can get yourself into that mindset, get that dog and you and thug it out with the cardio, repeat on the daily for months on end. I mean, you can make some pretty serious changes in a pretty reasonable amount of time. But, you know, the more kind of locked in you've got to be, more locked in you got to be. And that's the hard part, right? So that's on you. And it's out of my hands. I can tell you all this hype motivation, whatever else, work out every day to your cardio. But you can't, you can tell a lifter to download a macro tracker app. You can't force them to enter those numbers. That's where it's on you. I think that's a good ender. You know, leave you with that. So tomorrow, I've got a, what I hope to be in Saint-Leafriky, Vaney, striated and just freaking badass arm day with, actually with nothing more. I talk with cardio. That's basically it. And then I think I'm due for a rest day, especially before legs. So I think the day after tomorrow, I'll take a day and just do the cardio, save legs for the day after. Maybe. We'll see. But that's how I got day 100 complete. There's not going to be a hundred more. Or pass the half way mark, don't worry. So if anybody who's been waiting for the next bulking phase, it'll come. It'll come in time. But not yet. And I'm freaking, yeah, I got some stuff to do first. So until then, I'll see you for our us.