There we go. All right, one more old school phone style before we go back to the fancy pants. The fancy pants, Sony cameras. But playoffer tonight's lift. A little bit out of the element on a bit of a day trip today. And my flight, I canceled the last night. So I had everything packed and then I flew at this morning, you know, long story short. I unpacked my bag with us leaving me with no sweatpants, no tank. Only the jeans and the shirt that I brought earlier will be extra shirt. So not exactly my standard attire, but for any lift, honestly, the arm day would be the one to have the pants melt malfunction just because it's a huge carousel. Not my first time doing a jeans lift, but probably not ideal. I'll say that much though. Try steps and buy steps. I doubt will be affected much at all. Given the fact that I'm still going to have access to cables, dumbbells and everything else in between. But Cal Redefits that still maintained, things are, well, I hope I don't have to say that. But things are still going by smoothly. So how about we just jump straight to the lift and then look through some, we can look through some comments afterward. Not exactly Q and A style, more like comment in a response style. But let's just get straight to business. And this is what I call it any time. I got some greenery. I feel like I'm at the DM Beach. But no, really nice. So the fact that they also have that dip machine back there is getting me going too. Let's start classic moderate weight rope extensions and go from there. Honestly, well, I mean, I'd say 95% of my lifts are like this. But for whatever reason I've got an extra good feeling about today's arm day. I couldn't really pinpoint it. But I feel like a late day in your empty gym is at least getting close to my natural element. So let's just go nuts here. In there. You should get on live. I can feel this aching. Oh my. Why am I here in prison? I can't swim with them. He'll see. Yeah. The way that I do these rope exchanges is so much different than I used to. It's like if there's just an anatomical like 3D model of a dude doing this shit, I wouldn't even recognize myself. Either way, it's two starters. Sometimes I don't totally love this. internet. one more this next one let's change it make it a drop set instead yeah here Yeah. Yeah. Nice. Oh, yeah, okay. Hold on, grab. Let's do something overhead next, but I might only need one or two more sets for tries. I already cook in quick. Some heavy overhead extensions will be perfect. And by heavy, I mean the stack plus a plate. Nothing crazy, but a little heavier than the standard. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Okay, let me grab it. Let's do that. One more. Let's do that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's do one more supersetted kind of something. And that will be it for try sets. And I've already hit the three-dim styles I was aiming for. Push down overhead stretch base extension and a heavy dip. There's not many other ways to hit your freaking triceps to that, but one more. Move on a bison. I don't know why I'm so giddy, but this is already an awesome fucking lift. Here's the plan. Machine. No. Push down as the pre-ghost. Machine dips as the burnout. And if it tries, I have strong reason to believe this will be it. Yeah. There we go. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Oh, my gosh. Time for some dumbbell curls. Let's keep the pace up on this one. It's crazy. I feel pretty strong, but I don't know what to overdo it. So this is to a straight set of curls with the 70s. A little bit of swing. Not going to sit here and be. Not for this set at least. Freaking thread, Oh my gosh. All right, let's change it. Make the next set. Let it squeezing. I'll give it a one to one to contrast. And set the 70s. 50 fire sir. I think ready to go. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. My hands are ready to be nice. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm not done. I don't want to make it so little bit of a rest place. I'm not done. I'm not done. I'm not done. I'm not done. Let's shift gears from normal. What do you think will be next? If I don't want to do a standard curl, I'm not done. I'm going to go back and forth. Question and guess. Who are you? If you guessed, by step, by step, pull down, seated on the exercise ball. 12 pounds specifically. You're damn good, guesser. But those last sets were very brutish. Just heavy weight, a lot of muscular tension going on. Just getting thrashed that way. This is a little more tedious. What I mean by that is it's going to take me a little while. The rate of fatigue that gets built up, rep by rep is lower here. So it's going to be a higher rep set. Still failure is 15, 20, well within the range of aim before. If this was a 25 set, 25 rep set, that's still be cool. As long as I really pushed it, let's get strapped in here. Really try to isolate my biceps. I want zero lat engagement. A little at the end is self-assistance. That's not bad though, but only a little. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Damn. Okay. Oh my gosh. All right. What do I want to finish? Let's reconvene it a few minutes after it gets more water. All right. Here's my plan. Throw the 50s around. And by throwing, I mean just like do some quicker pace reps as a good burnout. Come over here, grab the 25s. Do some hard squeezing reps. You're really trying to force as much blood nutrients into every sort of fibromybiceps and it's such a form just possible. Find the free key of sliding. Close down and roll. Only a few more steps. Come on. Right. There. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh yeah. Okay. Actually, there's been front of body fly or curls. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Oh my gosh. I think this is just about the freaking sweet spot. Two overhead lights, not much coming in from the sides. And just subjectively like the feeling of tensing on my arms. I feel like I don't even have to say it. But yeah. I think some arm pumpage has been obtained. Or what achieved be a better descriptor there. Either way. Let's see if they're looking. And they get out of here. So I'm going to head back to the crib some more morning. Keep this damn two lights going to cut into the recovery process. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, my gosh. Oh, shit. Oh, skip the front of the spread. Oh. Oh, my gosh. Well, just standing here and kind of blasts ready foes. Yeah. It's like the ratio of arm to waist. Only gets nutty or the leaner I get. Because your arms when you leaner, they just look crazier even if you're physically smaller. But I mean, that's not really arguable. Oh, shit. I need a little breath hold of that one. Oh, my goodness. It's going to double the above I backshot. Then scream. Oh. Oh, my gosh. I'm ready for bed. Let's get the car. The little ominous in the lighting department of whatever kind of key SUD this thing is. But that was a good lift. And I almost fell asleep in the car. Oh, my goodness. Yeah, that would throw off my plans for the night quite, quite seriously. But let's see what you guys are saying. You know, no one, no prompted Q and A or anything. Let's just scroll. Kilton Clark 240. This is the best you've ever looked Sam. And that's in response to the last back day from yesterday. Thank you. Give me some time. Give me some time. Because the freak factor is still improving. It's not a, it's not even close to plateau. It's still going to be creeping up as I get leaner and leaner. Like even there, like short, vaning. But I'm still reasonably soft. Like even right here, I can grab a pretty, I can grab a little pinch of gristle. So once this sort of skin all over my torso, legs, glutes, everything else gets a little closer to like back of the wrist level thinness. That's where some real freakingess is headed. But thank you. Let's see here. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. I love your intro, Sam. Please bring it back. This is Calar at 12. I will. I'm going to, I'm going to refill and see if I can make this with a little extra kind of special. But that'll be sometime next week or so. Plus the music of that last, the last intro got copywritten. So I think I either, I don't know what I should, I might reach out to somebody to like, would you say, you want to say contract, you say commission, I like some kind of intro song. Because the first one is killer, but it's the same thing that he would copy right. Not ideal. But we'll, I will say, but there'll be a new one. And it should be a little freakier in terms of the production value too. So give me a, give me a little time to get all that kind of recorded. But let's keep scrolling down here. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Batvall says, we need another shoulder video. I think it might be right. I honestly, I think it might be right. Tomorrow, I think, is probably going to be a shoulder day just because I think I get stand for having a little bit of extra rest before it legs again. So I might make tomorrow a little more of a, like maybe just shoulder calves kind of even throwing it such a forms. Making a little more of like a sister day. And then smack legs in two days. So I think shoulders is coming up soon. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Maybe I shouldn't make a Q&A. Half of these questions or half of these comments are like brain run. Dear VB3NH says, is it valid to bench with thicker wrist wraps on to help take your wrist out of the equation and help you break your chest down better. I tried it today and felt a lot stronger. You have two reps more compared to normal. Is the wrist wraps somewhat, is the wrist wrap thing somewhat common or no? And that's actually a good question. With I had a pair of wrist wraps for a while. And they were more like wrist supports. It was like this sort of foam thing with a velcro wrap around just to give my, like, my forms a little more support like right in here. But I never needed it for pressing. I've never noticed any serious like pressing issues even with really heavy, like sets of whatever. Like barbell bancher smith. I'll actually get to the point where like my hands themselves like beneath the, like the mean of my palm. But bones will start to sort of feel in the force of the bar. My wrist is still pretty good. And before I, you know, get into the wrist wrap thing, that's something which I do think about is if you're pressing, right? Let's say you get the bar here. Right, where my fingers at. If you're looking at your wrist, right? Why would you want this bar way up here? Like I've seen, especially the power lifters because they're trying to reduce the range of motion. So they end up like not all the time. This is, this is obviously kind of rare, but they'll put the bar up on top of their hands. So it's like hanging down below normal. So they can, like, not have to bench as far. But for the most part, what I'm trying to do is keep my hand actually as neutral as possible. And then push directly through this line that is my form, right? So it's like here's all bone, everything else. So I want the bar to be right here in line with all that. So it just kind of feels more natural. You know, if you have a real bent back wrist up here in the bar is more like a, like a knuckle height, and it's giving, it's like, torque in your wrist, then I think you're going to run into issues. But also, I think form training directly does have a little bit of a, not even a little bit, like a wrist strengthening effect. Like all the light, like 25 pound dumbbell reverse extensions, and then the heavier, like curls in this direction. Like, I'm not going to say you're going to thicken up your wrist at all. Like, well, actually, I mean, maybe not this way, right? Like this is bone, this is bone, this isn't going to just suddenly beef up. So if you're, oh, there's a word for it. Oh, it's terrible. It's called a, it'll say wrist lit. If you're a wrist lit and you get really small wrists, you can't really control your bone structure. Like, what are you going to do? But by beefing up your forearms, all of this muscle down here, some of that is going to translate into some kind of, I'd say some tendon thickening down here. So you'll sort of thicken it up. But I would recommend that if you run into that sort of issue. Right? Just strengthening your whole form in general as well as trying to press directly into line with your, well, with your forearm. Instead of like having the bar up here kind of wrenching you, you know, like the further back you are, press like this, would not recommend it. But let me, let me get back to the comment hand. Yeah, if it feels good, then you're cool. You know, honestly, the wrist wraps, I think are one of the most, like legit pieces of gear that you could be using lifting winds, because it's not just inflating your ego. Like whenever you do the elbow wraps, like real tight all around here, like that physically makes it more difficult for your arm to bend, like you're running into yourself, and it makes the weight lighter at the bottom. So you may as well be using a slingshot. So for anybody where you see like a tix-hack post of a dude, like, you know, benching 600, and he's got a slingshot on and, like, really beefy elbow wraps. I'd say at least 200 pounds of that weight, it's just being lifted purely by the elastic effect. But in terms of just form support, if that's what you got to do, if it feels better for you, yeah, keep doing it. I try to, well, I mean, I guess you don't have to, right? But in my mind, I kind of like lifting supportless when possible. You know, I don't want to have like a crutch of, okay, I bel, I need my wrist wraps, I need my knee sleeves, not against them, but for whatever reason, I don't know. I'm just not like, I don't want to just use them unnecessarily, right? I mean, I've, and this might just be coming from a little bit of, uh, maybe in kind of a hair. I think semi justified, maybe not for real, you know, you never too justified to be a hater, but I'm talking about the guys where you see the video of dude, squat suit, knee sleeves, knee wraps, like doubling up on both of them, sleeves first and then wraps, and just doing the most equipped lift ever for like something that they probably could have done without any of that equipment, you know, so maybe that's a part of a sort of subconscious thing that's motivating me not to love using too much support of equipment. But no, if that feels better for you, if just, if you're doing everything like, you got all the force going straight through your form, and that just feels better. You're totally cool. I would, uh, I would see no problem with that. Let's, uh, let's get you scrolling here. You're doing it. You're doing it. Zick Desmett says, S log three is go to, I stopped using it because it's too powerful. You're gash dang right, man. You're gash dang right. Let's do one more than we can now, yeah, here. That victory pose looked aesthetic. AF says YouTube show random. Yeah, that was kind of cool. And same thing. I mean, as my waist gets a leaner, like, it's physically just going to be shrinking and give me a little, uh, I guess I wouldn't want to say hourglass. I'd say more like Dorito kind of like big torso we look, coupled with more of a smaller waist. And then with a big back, I started bugging out there, I guess. But with a vacuum and no food, Mr. McEither, that is cool. So I'm hoping that that gets, uh, that only, that only gets freaky here from here and out, which spoiler light, I, spoiler with the spoiler alert, I think it will. So now I gotta do go home. Actually go home. And then I got a, I think a shoulder day tomorrow. So I'll get a, uh, yeah, I'm, I get ahead of the grocery store. My kitchen is like, barren. Like I get ground beef and like mustard and ketchup, but it's, it's running slim. So how about, uh, how about I see it in for a little bit of grocery haul, restocking.