There we go. So I've got two plans for tonight. Plan number one, get a nasty arm, I'm saying nasty arm pump, get a nasty leg pump, kind of alternating style. I'm thinking leg curls then quads and curls then already, you know, back and forth between quads and hymns so that at the end of it I can have fully pumped legs and also just dieting down in general. The pump itself is a bit more fleeting, you know, and I've had to zilch for carbs that I think I'm macro counts of ours like 150 grams of protein, 40 of carbs and 30 of fats. Not much what you would kind of describe is fuel. All right muscle lifting wise. If I had 500 grams of carbs so far today, I think I would feel significantly different, right? Physically as well as, well, I guess subjectively as well as physically like I'd be pumped out of my freaking mind to the point where I buddy even feel like my quads are going to get new stretch marks just from the glycemic effect of being full like that. But that's not for today. That's for months in the future. Shouldn't even think about it. And then after that, you're going to make a grocery store stop. So that's going to be its own video. That's not going to be connected to this. But I guess I didn't think about it at first but I'm not really getting as many groceries now that I'm dieting down. You know, that's like if I got some canned meats, a bunch of frozen beef, steaks, ground beef, everything else, egg, egg whites to get the egg whites and cartons. Food just fucking last, you know, when you're eating, I mean, honestly right now, I'm at like nearly a third of the cloric intake as I have been at like my peak consumption. So it's like I'm stretching three days of food into one or one day of food into three, which is kind of freaking wild. But either way, I wanted to, I wanted to kind of put my mind or put myself into the mind of the leg day skipper. Because it's a hard thing for me to wrap my, for me to wrap my mind around. You know, because you're just like, I can't even do it. Like I can't even, I can't even fucking describe what it would be like to be somebody is fucking constantly skipping legs. Because you really are just missing out, you know. And I think it's, it's one of the most abrupt or least abrupt muscles that you can change because they're big. They take a while to train. The training itself is pretty fucking difficult and it's not so cool. You know, like I'm at a point now where I think the leg pump is fucking cool. But especially as a beginner, I mean, you're what you can be way more interested in like seeing a bicep pump but it's shoulder day and like being physically extra big and your torso, like that's usually what we think about the support structure, right? Your trunks, not so much. So I mean, I see I can wrap my head around it, right? If I actually try to look at it or objectively, it's hard. You're huffing and puffing. If you push legs to failure at least, or at least like you're in that 90% intensity range on most of your sets, it's going to take a lot out of you. And you're kind of wearing pants all the time anyway, you know? So it's like they're not really out there to be seen. You got to have some crazy ass leg genetics for somebody to say, holy crap man, your legs are fucking huge. Right? Usually it's always shoulders back, chest arms. They don't get as much love as they should. But if you do plan on getting into the work out for more than just a little while, which hopefully that's everybody, especially if you're watching this now, then do. The leg training is where it's at. Because it's almost like, uh, it's almost, I kind of feel like the fact that it's hard is where a lot of the value lies. You know? Because I thought about trying to split up legs into two days, like hamstrings in the morning, like maybe don't do cardio on a leg day or do like a do cardio after hamstrings in the morning, and then they save quads for it, you know? At night, so I got two lifts, like I'm lifting the same amount of time for the day, but it's not so much all at once, you know? Like doing an hour of cardio straight is a bit harder than doing 30 minute sessions of cardio, spread a part, you know, at least in terms of a like execution style. But it just doesn't work, you know? And I can't throw in hamstrings with back or arms because then it just feels really at a place. You know, the only muscle that it should uh, or at least for me that I feel like it should be trained with is quads, right? They gotta be paired up. And then, right, that's what kind of, that's sort of the positive and the negative, you know? Because it's fucking, it'll take a little bit atty. I've, uh, hemmed in hot about trying to somehow figure out a way to make it easier, but there's just nothing. There's no way to do it, right? It simply is what it is. But that's just the nature up. And what I'm trying to get at is like, when somebody asks me like, what's my favorite muscle group to train? I would probably have to pick chest just because at the end of it, I look probably the coolest because I got a chest pump sick. My arms are residually pumped from all the pressing and the bicep tension from doing flies. My shoulders are getting some activation just from like holding and stabilizing and everything else. So the end of a chest pump is almost like just straight up towards a pump, right? So it's, it's extra cool there. And it's only one muscle group takes me like 30 minutes to do. So it's, like, it's short and sweet. Short and basically extra sweet. And who doesn't like chest, right? But that doesn't take away from any other body part because I still like arms. It's a little bit longer than chest because it's a two muscle groups. But an arm pump is especially as I continue to get leaner. Like, it almost, well, is, I'm not that lean yet. But when my arms are fully pumped and I'm extra lean and slim in the midsection, it's almost to the point right? Like, look at myself and I think, oh my arms are too big right now. Relative to the rest of me. And that's how a pump should be, right? You should be a racing issue. Like a temporary state of size where you're like, holy crap. I did not normally fucking look like this. So chest is cool all around. Very evenly distributed stats. But the stakes are low. I can kind of get a good chest pump or if you just left me alone in a room with nothing, I can get a chest pump and do some pushups. Bit harder to get like an arm pump in a room without the branching. But arms is in a pretty similar state with chest and obviously so it's back. And then shoulders too. It's almost done too, at least for me now because they're so big and developed. Like, I just have to hit them every so often as the end of it. But legs, the cool part is half in doing it and half in having done it. Right? Because it's like, what gives things value? Typically scarcity. So how many people actually hit legs extra fucking hard? And if you've got at least a little hint of a chip on your shoulder is a lifter, then doing things that not a lot of other people are willing to do is cool. That is the flex for you yourself. Because you get to think like, you know, I'm fucking dying. Right? You just re-rack a, uh, hopefully like a five-plate squat for 10. Like physically it's an uncomfortable sensation. Your damn near like, at a breath exhausted. Your quads or your central nervous system is going nuts. Like it's just simply hard. If it were up to your body, it would tell you, don't do this shit. What? Go relax. But it's the fact that your mind can say like, yeah, nobody else is willing to do this. And then you get that kind of like, uh, I don't want to say massacistic, but there's probably a little bit of overlap there with knowing, okay. That was hard. I went hard. Now done. Then you get to sit the car, scrolls on Instagram, it really is for a couple of minutes, and drive off into the sunset. Or given the, it's man. I am still not used to it being pitch black at six o'clock at night. That's ridiculous. That's what my mind. But he gets a ride off into the night, knowing you killed him. And then after a while, your legs are going to show it. Right? You're going to start to see in separation between tear drop and that, like, get lateral head and the, and that lateral head won't be caught. Lateral insertion, the outside sweep of your quad, and then you can see that little like, medial, femoralists, something or other like that, you know, but it does take a one. And that's, uh, you know, that's something where I can't pinpoint exactly like what sort of tip I could say about it. But, you know, if you're looking anybody who's got something you want, or if you're looking at anybody who is somewhere you want to be, then I'd say overarching traits is that they did that thing, or they'd practice that thing. Every day, or at least very consistently, you know, five days a week, six days a week, four years on it. So the main difference between you and them apart from fucking time is that they're doing the shit on the regular. They're clocking in hours. And ideally, it won't even feel like work because you enjoy it, especially these lifts like, I don't come to the gym and thank you. I'm putting in that work today. It's like, I want bigger legs. I like training. Everything's just kind of hit me right, you know, but looking at it, kind of long term, guys who get shit done simply takes small steps every day, indefinitely. You know, I'm getting close to I think like 2,200 lifts in a row or so. Like the macro track or my phone, it's got 1,200 and like 70 days tracked. Like you can't just fast forward that process, but you can hop on to the train and then you're, you'll be on track. I didn't, yeah, you see physically be on track there, you know. But it's, so that's where it's not necessarily an awesome idea, I feel to try to compare yourself with anybody who's like crazy ahead of the game in terms of whatever results you're aiming for because they've been doing it for five more years than you, you know. That's like trying to, that's like the, you know, asking if, I'm telling it was my training thought. Well, who's going to be smarter, right? A fifth grader or the fucking 12th grader, right? Or the guy who's like a senior in college and don't bring up, are you smarter than a fifth grader? That's, those are just random GMG, uh, geographically questionnaires. That's not real, like knowledge. You know, so it's simply a winning game and anybody who is comfortable with cardio on the regular, lifting on the regular calorie counting and either restriction or like making sure you hit specific goals on the regular than they're on track and they know it. So what's extra cool is, once you get that support structure in place, you're no longer thinking okay, will I be able to make these gains? Will I be able to reach the goals that I'm aiming for? Like, if somebody can stick to a calorie deficit, work out, do their cardio on the regular, get good amount of sleep, stay hydrated, and not let anything mess up their routine, then it's not a question of if it's simply a question of when. And that's what I like the most about the working out because you, uh, you can get a pretty damn serious amount of control over the back end because it's all you. It's completely individual. You know, nobody's going to, nobody's going to push you into it, nobody's going to really stop you from doing it, at least as long as you don't let them, you know. If you got, if you live in a household that isn't really lifted friendly, you know, like everybody's eaten, not to sugarcoat it, just like trash, nobody works out. It can be kind of hard to break away from that pattern. So if that's you, like, you know, command you for getting after it. But it's simply a question of how long are you going to stick with it, and then then you almost get to think, all right, is this something I really want to do? Not something like, do I really want to see if I can do it? It's like, all right, I know I can do it. Should I, or should I not? You know, you're sitting at the damn menu of, uh, some kind of restaurant. It's not like, will I be able, uh, if I were to mistake, will they be able to make it? It's like, no, they'll do it. You know, you'll be able to make this, this kind of shit happen. But it's simply, uh, now I'm just going to circle saying the same shit over and over again. I'll finish it with this. We all know it, right? What's going to happen? If you take a guy who's never worked out before, and then over the course of three years, he worked out near every day. Let's just say six days a week with a rest day. Did his cardio learned about tracking macros? What do you think is going to happen? I, uh, I can predict it pretty easily, and I think you can, too, to the point where I think it's not even worth saying. Goes without saying. But let's, uh, let's stop chatting. Go make this leg thing, it's starting. Let's get real with a controlled squeezing set of seated curls. And then we can go from there. Oh, This again. Oh my god. Holy crap. One more thing. You know, when I was warming up, how has he been ready to do the full stack? I didn't even do it in two, two, fifty is a bit much. Two, thirty-five is the sweet spot number for this. Yeah. No, I can't. Okay, I gotta. All right. Let's move on to Lake Extension and then keep this back and forth going. So with these Lake Extension, I have two goals in my mind. Starting at myself pumped. Obviously, that's basically a goal. Every set. But secondary to that, or maybe probably balanced in my value is I want to prime my quads for what's next. I'm honestly starting to get a little itch for some barbell squats. Not like heavy, so I've ever done, but maybe a little bit lighter. I'll see if I end up following through that, or if I think it might be a bad move. But either way, with these Lake Extension, I'm gonna go for a little bit of a back and forth. Probably 10 rep, 10 rep, 10 rep, and then burnout with five reps alternating. I just seem dirty. I like it and I can go harder doing it. Like if I were to sit here and try to do a full straight set to failure, it's almost like I can't go as hard as I can when I give them a little bit of rest pause action. I like saying it like this, a straight set, this is fresh, this is petite. You basically shoot straight towards fatigue linearly, but doing these sort of pause rep styles are alternating kind of a rest pause set. It's like the left leg is getting fatigued, and it gets a little bit of rest. It gets fatigued, and a little bit of rest. Something about it just works for me. And as a starter set, absolutely perfect. So let's just make this shit up. Nah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Much. Oh, my gosh. Yeah. One more, just like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. This little block is perfectly placed for some self assistance. Now, I don't need help on the way down, but help on myself get the weight up and let go and ride the force. That's solid. Let's just take one step to the right. Get some land curls going before the next set of pressing. Now, these will be similarly executed as the seated curls earlier, but even a little bit lighter. So I really want this squeeze to burn. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. One more, the same way. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. All right. Let's go press something. Only four plates, but I want the sets to be nuts. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. That was good. One more like that. Oh, give us a. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. I'll start using a little too much lower back and glutes. Let's switch the plate for 25. Do one more.5000 yeah Holy crap. Yeah, hamstrings are freaking. Dog. I think let's finish with some leg extensions. Maybe some leg press superset in TBD. Quads are, and I quads with legs are coming along well to make. Team exec style is right in the beginning. Some alternating five-web sets. First that'll be heavy. Then action might be a little lighter. We'll just have to see. Alright. Now it's next set. that has a strong potential to be in. This one will be a little bit different in execution. Instead of just throwing the shit around, which is definitely wrecking my quads, slow second-ish hold at the top, then down. So, the reps are slower, you manifest the teeth all, feel for me, trep is more, so my fatigue rate will be faster, at least on a rep by rep basis. There's a fight to say here, try to sling reps round, you probably do like 30 or more something. But if I do make sure so, I just long had to get squeeze on top, I thought I could accrue an image faster, but let's make the shit happen. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my gosh. Time for a fucking post down. Or a freaking post down, I mean. Yeah. All right. Framewise should be just about freaking good. And those squats hit me extra hard. I'm sure if you're looking closely, you will have noticed that that second set actually had a little bit more umph behind it. The, whatever song I was listening to the time was really getting me going fucking nuts. So, right when I got onto the bar, you know, just give me that, now give me that classic squat sensation, which honestly, I don't get from any other movement. Like, I've done crazy heavy bench. I've done like some pretty insane sets of rows and like super whatever, but I, uh, I guess maybe if I did heavy dead lifts, I might get the same sensation, but there's nothing that gives me that same like anxiousness, heart pumping excitement as a barbell squat. Smith squat just doesn't do it. And maybe it's something about the danger factor. Because you're never really going to hurt yourself through with Smith squats unless you really, just screw it up, right? But let's, uh, let's stop chatting and just actually seeing how legs are looking at me. Oh my goodness. Reason when we have a separation. Oh, so that's what I'm really in before. I want the back of my hamstring to really round itself over like that. I'm getting better opposing it. So, by smushing my leg into itself, I'm kind of making it appear larger. But half of that is also just, get bigger hamstrings, right? Because there's almost a certain roundness over the backside as well as the front with the quads. Oh my goodness. But I'm really feeling the deficit now. Oh crap. Let's say the rest of this post-lift discussion for the car. Get out of here. Okay, and that should all mean work in just a minute right now. So that was a good one. That was quite, yeah. That was barbell squat there, if I could sweet. I can't believe there's a time when I did not even, well, it took me a little while to get into it. I'm not going to sit here and try to say, yeah, you're not doing, you're not doing, like, multiple sets of barbell squats and you're like, days really? Can you kidding me? Like, no, I'm not going to sit here and say that. Nor do I think should I? Squats are kind of tricky to get into. It's not just like, all right, grab the bar do it. There's most certainly a learning curve, which is to be expected. I mean, they're tricky. You get a lot of shit going on. You know, the amount of, like, moving parts of a leg press, not that many. You know, trying to roll your back and have a good brace, but that's it. All you do is bend your legs and then straighten whereas with, with a squat, dude. You got to keep your balance. You got the weight loaded at basically the highest position possible on your body. And then when you go to, you know, actually load it, you're, I mean, here's wobbly as you can fucking be. The only way you could get wobbly or would be if you were doing, like, overhead squats, where you were holding the bar, like, an Olympic lifter, which is, I mean, that's like totally its own freaking thing. But, here's wobbly as you can be. You got to use your lower back, you got to take good breaths and brace, you got to be, you know, and then you're, what do they call it? Keep your girdle strong, so you don't just mean it, crumple yourself. I mean, we've all seen the squat fails, the squat fails. Frankly, they, they kind of get my stomach turning, like, I don't even want to watch those videos when I see them because it's like man. Yish. You know, if you ever see somebody squatting with that safety, that is not something to be emulated. I can't stress that if freaking enough. But it's tricky. It takes a while to get into, right? So in no way am I trying to say, like, you know, barbell squat. Lose our, but I do think there is a crazy value to the barbell squat. And half of it is because of how much activation you get from it because, like, yes, there is obviously value to, okay, I'm doing bodybuilding style training. I should be much more isolated with my movements, leg extension, leg press. I'm not using a lot of other stuff. You know, I literally stopped a few of those sets of RDLs because I started to use my glutes and my lower back too much. So, yeah, I mean, usually it's okay. I have a targeted muscle. I only want to hit that muscle and minimize all other activation. But there's something about the overarching load of the squat. And the fact that you are, I mean, basically built for it, in a sense. Your legs are meant to keep your body moving around. If you want to bend down and let's go back old school, you're pillaging, right? You're foraging whatever else. You got to jump to do whatever, like, that's what your legs are meant to do, man. So, loading them in that way. You know, I don't expect to be saying this. Very primal training, right? I'm talking maybe not exactly a liver king style, but it's kind of what your legs are meant to do, right? I mean, all, at least, most movements, you can kind of relate back to just, you know, you're meant to push ship. You're meant to pick ship and pull it. Or you're meant to, you know, it's just what you meant for. It's very rare in nature, I guess, that you'd be sitting on a, on a leg extension machine doing burnout reps. But apart from that approach, with some guys really get into that a lot. And they're like, only functional movements on it. I don't necessarily subscribe to that ideology so much. But all I'm trying to get at is the squat is like, I mean, it's the bench press for your legs, you know, there is something about it. And again, I think it's half of the, what I was saying earlier about, like, the value of things is often correlated with it's scarcity. Very rare, you see anybody squatting heavy, you know, because it takes a while to reach a point where you can squat heavy. There was a guy next to me, I don't want to just like clip him or anything. But he was doing, I think, like, some four plate front squats. I think he was doing some four plate front squats for reps. You know, if he can show on me up, I'm doing back squats. You know, I'm doing the easier version. But all that's to say is, there's something about the squats that just can't be emulating to be, you know, and be it like emotional, be it the fact that you really use your entire, like you get your whole center of nervous system firing, because it's such a, like, I mean, I'm sending signals to my entire body during that set of squats, which good or bad thing, like, if you put little probes on my forearms on my biceps, I'm a triceps, I'm a chest, my lats, my lower back, and my abs, and everything, because you get to stay, you know, pretty tight, so you don't hurt yourself. It's just an awesome movement, you know, now, is it the best for quad growth? What does that question even mean? You know, obviously I'm so going to do leg extensions. I'm still going to do leg press. But the barbell squat, there is something to it, which cannot be emulated. Even by smith machine squats, you know, smith machine squats are closed. They're not bad. I do like them. And the stability that they provide is very nice for getting into the squat and sort of learning it. But I think reaching a point where you can barbell squat consistently is something to strive for. And by barbell squat consistently, I mean, you know, do legit working sets on the regular and not hurt yourself every time. So another way to look at that statement is don't try to max out every leg day with an insane amount of weight and get crumbled. I've had to do that before. I mean, I didn't have to, but I did anyway where a guy who's like, you know, same what going for a PR, you want to come help swap me. You know, and we got three dudes spot in the student who's doing way too much weight, like five plates too much weight. And let's just say, if I were a betting man, right, if that rep was something you could look at on sports books, yeah, I think I would stack it against his favor, unfortunately. Intimately got smushed. At least we had the safety, I'm like, you know, a foot and a half level height. But if you push yourself to a point where you do in a hard set of squats, you know, ten reps, eight reps, minimum, and you're at a reasonable weight. Let's say, I mean, I don't remember what weight I started with with my squats. I, um, I guess I'm glad I don't have an on video. But when I started working out, I mean, I'm talking back soft more, or I guess the summer after my sophomore year of high school, that's when I got, I had my dad buy me a, think these weight stands to put the basement, because we already had a barbell and plates and dumbbells and a bench, like an adjustable bench just from, you know, my dad had him. But we didn't have a rack or anything, so we had these hundred, like, hundred dollar weight stands. Super fucking dangerous. If you're going to get like a rack for the house, get a full on like, cageed rack with safety bars, because I mean, there's some pretty tragic incidents that happen with an unsafe setup for bench and squat, you know, unsupervised environment. But what I'm trying to get at is, like, my, I could do maybe a plate, and I think I tried to do maybe 200 pounds, untrain, like, this is, me just trying to mess around, do some one rep maxes in the basement at 16. And if it wasn't for the safety, that were like a foot and a half off the ground, so it, like, barely caught the bar before it smushed me. I don't know what could happen there. But, you know, obviously you gotta start somewhere, you know, so even if you're starting weight for a set of 10 to squats is a plate, that's badass, because two weeks later, you know, get yourself excited, make sure you're well rested, try a plate, and a 10. Two weeks later, try a plate, and then, even 15 extra on the side. Then before you know it, plate and 25 plate and a 35, two plates and a 10, two plates and a 10, two plates and a 10, it's 20. And you just move your way up from there. Now, there's slow improvements, but they are improvements nonetheless. Like the heaviest that I've ever squatted is not necessarily because I was stronger, or, I mean, definitely not because I was bigger. It's when I could just squat consistently without hurting myself, right? If every squat session that I had, I could come in and push myself to the max, finish your heart, say, to squats, come back home, recover, then come back for the next leg day, whatever that was scheduled. At a 10, at a 5, at a 25, if I'm feeling really crazy that day, and shim in, before you know it, you're going to be hitting PRs reasonably regularly. Now, it might just be one extra rep without, without, without weight, you know, like, let's say you're rep in 315 for 10. You're really getting yourself excited, I want to live in it. I freaking want to live in today. Come on, you get your song playing, you have 13. Boom, you've literally broken in a new ground, and looking back, I mean, I remember when I first benched 315, I remember when I first did, like, I did 450 once at my college gym, that was, and my butt came off the bench too, so that was kind of a scrappy rep, I wouldn't really count it. But like, those 1 rep maxes I've done did not even give me as much enjoyment as like 10 rep maxes or new rep PRs with certain weights, like, frankly, I think the 1 rep maxes fucking overrated. Now, if you have power lifter, different story, that's your thing, but for the general lifter dude, I'm thinking, like, I want the 10 rep PR to be a new ballpark, or to be a new, what's the real thing? To be a new, like, a new staple rep presentation of strength, right? Like 275 for 1, whatever, 225 for 10, or 250 for 10, that is a real ass number. And then, you're not going to hurt yourself, because you're not overloading your body with so much weight that you never ever do in your daily life. And it's actually a good set. Like, anytime somebody 1 rep maxes in a workout, like, okay, I'm going to do quads today, but I want to start with a 1 rep maxes of squats. Like, all that work that you did to do that 1 rep max, I don't think much of that was really effective working sets. And now, if you said, okay, today for quads, I want to do a 10 rep max. I want to, I want to pick a weight I've never done for 10 before, even if it's only 5 times above what you've ever done, you know, previously, then that set, that PR that you just hit actually did have some stimulating value. That's a, that's my little message here. I want the 10 rep PR to be the new, to be the new goal. That would be pretty freaking cool. But either way, solid leg day, those barbell squats are really getting me excited. Those are going to stay. I just have to try my best not to go too heavy right now, because obviously, diving down, I don't have the same recoverability as I would fully bulked plus, you know, if I tweak my quad right now, it's, that's just because I'm being stupid and I go too heavy. So I think four plates felt pretty pretty much within reason, not too heavy, but heavy enough where we still have you set. So now I get to go home feeling like I did, like, go stand in the car, you know, those sets of squats were hard. I sat down, I had to puff up for a minute, get my, you know, reset on myself, but in doing so, like, oh, he grabbed that fucking hard. All right, get up, do it again, you know, like that's the fun part. And for the uninitiated, you know, for the non-lifter, they don't see the appeal, you know, they don't get it. And I don't blame them, because from an outside perspective, what do you, I couldn't even imagine what somebody who doesn't work out to think about somebody who, like, you know, squats like that for fun, or for, you know, further on enjoyment, but we know, we understand the freaking value. So I'm going to make sure I get a good night's rest, not overshoot my calorie limit, which is really my primary goal. Oh, right now, and then get ready for a solid chest day tomorrow, which I think I'm going to get some dumbbell bench going, but I'm going to head to the store. So it's, I guess, you wouldn't be watching tomorrow, because for you, it would be today, but either way, that'll be a double upload. So little grocery haul should be the video either right before or right after this in the, in the queue. I got to, I got to organize all these in a playlist. I'll try to do that tomorrow too, but either way, I will see you in the free grocery cart.