There we go. Finally back into the finally back into the regular swing of things. Going places, if I can throw it's the after game, you know. Time zones change and you get a days where you just travel around. So you either get a first you live first. A little unprepared, potentially underfed, or saved it for later after day of being a little bit extra inflamed. And then odds are you're probably just better off turning that into a rest day. It's a lot of angles to look at there. But finally back, carb intake for the day so far, quite low. I think I've only had like 60. Little higher in the fats. I had to have left over. It's a grand beef. I finished off basically everything I was still in the fridge before I made some extra ground beef last night. But yeah, perfectly prepared for a leg day. At least I will be once I get this pre-workout consumed in the caffeine. Kind of working so I can magic. And the reason I haven't yet is because... ...legs is a long lift. And if I already, with most of these workouts, I end up drinking the pre-workout. Like obviously beforehand. But like if I'm about to go do chest, I get straight into it. And the workout only takes like 40-something minutes. So if the gym is 20 minutes away, I'll drink it at the house, drive, but it's how I get there warm it up. And then the main component of that workout is already begun. But with legs, I've got to do hamstrings first. Mmmmm. Oh, excuse me. But gotta get hamstrings out of the way first. Or I might make tonight a little bit of the back and forth of hamstrings and quads. And we'll just have to see. But it's a bit longer. And two big muscle groups. Something like chest, I'm only going to do seven total work in the sets. But something like legs. Hamstrings and quads together. Takes a little bit more. Takes a little more adding. So usually I like to sort of delay my caffeine release by drinking the pre-workout right when I get started. Because I don't need to be fucking, you know, steam that on my mind for hamstring curls. I want to feel the full effects of the caffeine. And some of the legit performance of the handstand effects. Like it does have a bit of a pain tolerance sort of something or rather going on. You're literally going to be able to go harder fully caffeinated. But. It's just. I don't want it to run out. All right. So I feel like if I drink it. Now it's fully kicked in by the first set of hamstrings. It's like a metinol time energy high in the beginning. And then I reach sort of a low. Right is on about to start quads. The hard part. It just doesn't work for me. And you might think to yourself, okay, say I'm one of quads and hamstrings together is too much. Why not split them? I think about that. But. It's like I could either save hamstrings for a separate day and just do quads only. But then I got to throw hamstrings in with like a completely unrelated muscle group, which just doesn't really feel right for me. Or I got to turn my leg days into leg two days where. Oh. Look. Excuse me. Where I've got hamstrings in like the morning of the evening. And then quads at night. It just. I don't see it. You know. And the reason I think that doing hamstrings at least. More bias towards the beginning of the workout for legs if not just in the beginning of legs. Like same just finish all quads first then you're done and then do hamstrings. Well hamstrings like it takes some out of you. But it doesn't take everything out. Like after my last set of quads, I want that to be it. Because I don't want to have to like think to myself okay. I want to leave some juice of tank for this next one. And if I've got a full on hamstring workout afterwards then that subconscious voice telling you, okay well you still got hamstrings and inches of work. So eventually I think I've come to the conclusion like days are just meant to be fucking hard. No way to get around. But that's cool. That's what gives to the its value you know. It was easy. It really, it was quite good. Beware. Wow. We do not take these yons for lack of enthusiasm. Let's give me a second to read just to regular day schedule. But either way I can say with certainty that before the top of the next hour. Actually the top of the next hour would be in one. One minute right. But at the time I roll up it shouldn't take me more than about an hour or a half to completely finish legs. And even then that's given me a little bit of extra time. Because when I'm guiding down, I'm not doing it. It's saying the huge set to like press where I need six minutes in between sets to recover. You know, it can be pretty moderate with it you know. So I think this should only be more like an hour. But I can go back and look at like the times that the first set I hit record. And then the last one when I got actually seen just really hell on. Did this lift take you know I don't have to just keep a watch on there. A time or a go on there and everything goes like that. But I can say with certainty there will be some extra veins in a pumpage in the lower body. I like to switch. We'll just have to switch for the pump check to see what extent actually. Actually a curve. But no more gentlemen. That would just make this really like they get started. So movement number one. Not that freaking heavy honestly combined with the fact that this stack is just insane. Like a feeling I could do this stack full stack single leg would be a look up as Instagram gym damn. Probably the crazy hamstrings. And I think in the world would be a pretty app description. But either way I don't even have to stack. I don't even. I don't even do a quarter of the stack. I'm doing what is that? 15% 25 pounds single leg burnout style slow controlled with a momentary squeeze on top. That's the plan here. And then you know next my piece of heavier RDLs are laying curls. But this is a good start. Because it's a light. I don't have to take a while to really warm up. There's no danger like physically. And then also it's just like again. Good opener. That's the best way I can figure this out. So left side first. And then we can go from there. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Let's see one more same weight. And then I got to have it. I do in curls back to back like seated and then laying, laying and then whatever. Let's do Artiels first. So standing curls, Artiels, finish with laying curls. And then move on to whatever movement number one for quarts ends up being. That's the game plan. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Let's see some dumbbell already. I'll next. 85 should be just about the sweet spot. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Oh, goodness. One more than I'm saying. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. It'll be it for hands. No. No. No. No. No. Let's start some like extensions. Let's start with five reps on the left. Five on the right. Five on the right. Five on the right. Again, Very similar to the benefit of starting with the single leg standing curl. I don't have to go monstrously heavy on this to make it a good opening set. And I give the benefit from getting my quads completely warmed. Meas everything else. So when I move on to a press next. I'll be ready to go because if I were to jump straight to a press on the first set. I would still want to send it like extension anyway and get warmed up. So I want to feel like while I'm here, I may as well just get quads started anyway. And you know, very contrary to what I used to think. I don't lose that much strength. You know, I'm sure my like one rep ability will decrease after T set the leg extensions. But in working set ranges. I mean, really I just feel fresh. You know, even when I'm going extra crazy heavy like doing a couple sets of leg extensions to value your first. Maybe it just doesn't hit the same fibers or in the same layer or something, but I feel just as thick and strong. And twice if not like three times as warm. I mean, it's a pretty even fucking balance. So let's get to start in these. We can't have nasty. I don't need these to be super slow and controlled. I can say that for later than the lift when I won't be able to go as heavy. Shit. Alright. I want that chip. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think one or two more just like that. And then move on. What to? I said the price for both of us. Whatever I think will feel the best. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One more. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Let's go press something. Alright. I'm going to have some restraint and just six or four plate squats here. I think I want to try some sets of 10. So 10 reps with this like quick reps. They're going to be hard. But almost similar style to the leg extensions like those weren't two absolute failure. Okay. I can still probably bust out some extra partials. So I'm going to see how I share with just some lower, well, it's not lower volume because instead of just doing one crazy set, I'm planning for more like at least two maybe three-ish slightly longer sets. So the work loads a little more even. Because if I try to smack around five plates or anything heavier for like eight, and then hit complete failure, I'm going to tweak my shit, man. I'm not going to say the dieting down sucks. And it's not because of the difficulty of dieting. It's because I'm fucking pulling back on the gas in the train. But that's just the nature of it. Right? Everything comes in and out, getting in the air, abs and flows. I'm just going to be a clean, get ready for this. Yeah. Yeah. Mmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, a few more dollars sets. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, shit. What am I going to do? Oh, shit. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Holy crap. I can't see the whole thing on the screen. That one's a good, freaking three. It's quite heavy enough that it's hard, but not so heavy that I feel like I pulled anything or I'm going to feel it in the morning in a bad way. 45-year-old, but dining down, I mean, I am trying to reduce my injury frequency, which I have gotten better at, you know, it's going to take a little while for me to lose the ego-lifter chocolate melt-grinker cinnamon toast crunch eater sort of, uh, I've got, but no, I am improving, like, even my thought process about how I'm going to go about this next bulletin phase, much different, and it's not only like trying to fit the box of like, how should you body build that like I'm here and from everybody else, not to say that everyone's wrong or anything like that, like I've gotten so much like denser information from having like the outreach and the response that I've gotten now, but it's more so just if you're looking at your own results and then like, if you try a new shit long enough, you notice this works, this doesn't, and then you start picking all the shit that works, and losing all the shit that doesn't, then you know, you can put two guys and you completely separate room or completely separate fucking world, and if they both have the same goal, you know, let's say Musa Billy, they're probably going to come to the similar conclusions over time, right? I mean, it's, uh, it's like funny enough, there definitely is a science student where some stuff is objectively going to help you improve at a faster rate, and then some stuff might seem like it, but you're really just, you know, you're peddling with that movement, so that's where, um, extras, I mean, I'm always extra excited about this shit, every bulking phase I get smarter about it, every dieting phase I get more diligent with it, because I got to be bigger and like, or I don't have to be bigger, I physically am bigger, and it takes, it's like a bit trickier to back off on the calories, it's like, over time, all these little things are starting to improve, and I'm getting really excited just, like, I'm getting so fucking mad on myself here. Let's just focus on this last finish, you're set, and we can talk about this after going to the post on. 5555 in a slow, squeezing fashion in the beginning, and then I'll translate that, they're all switch over to some more factors to bendler. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's enough. Let's go find some airspace. That was good. Hamstrings obliterated, quads highly stimulated. I would not say obliterated. And then now let's just see humpwise what's fucking resulted. And even just stand in here like if somebody gave me a behind the knee push, I would probably crumple. And that's I'm not asking for it either. But let's let's see how they look. So this would be, yeah, I mean ship. This is just fully pumped. So let's just pop one pat leg out. So veins are beginning to freaking up here. Slowly but surely. Let's up the zoom and you touch. And there we go. Oh, for ready this far. Yeah, perfect. Oh my gosh. Oh, that breath will just make me fucking lightheaded. But yeah, man. Okay. So you're now we're cooking with gas. Especially this left quad. That is some detail which will only get more and more like an interesting. The leaner have become. And there's some on the right side. But it looks like the left is a little bit more spoiled with veins and feathering. My right quad's a little bigger up in this top quadrant, which I think is to do with with the diving background. Because every time I, I've said this a couple times, every time you go to do an approach for diving. And this is for years on end. A little step, a little step, a little step, a little step. And then a big jump all on this leg. So it got a little more pressing development when I was younger. But let's zoom back in and get a few more. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Even just fucking standing up and saving me going. Let's see how they look back here. Oh, oh, here. Well, I've directed how that we, I know we pop a squat and discuss it. So I would say that was a good lift. Kind of a basic, a post-lift chat. Like I'm managing it if I can soccer game and coaches like good game guys. And that was the end of it. I mean, that's one I'm fucking aiming for. Like as detailed as I could get into it and like I could have a tracking app where it's like, okay, make sure you get three mezzo repsets and three of your heaviest pressing and RPE12. And then four back offsets of 10 reps and reserve, like, you know, for some guys, if that clicks for you, like if you're looking at these lifts in a very, like objective numerical approach, gets you going, makes you train harder. Then do that, obviously. I'm not saying, I mean, that whole show is talking about over there on the last, um, instead of leg extension, so like you got all this shit at your disposal. Use it in such a way that you can improve the gains and the training that you do. Then whatever fucking method you come up with that ends up working for you, if it's working, that's the fucking truth in the pudding. What you're doing is good. But what I'm trying to get at is if a real like detailed approach like that is what gets your fucking engines firing. Do it. But for me, at least, you know, you know, I don't really like having a, like it never gets me, like excited to have a just training log recording all the sets numbers I do, which in a way I do, because I got all these videos I can look back on. But that's more just for like, how did I look back then? How was I training back then? Like, I'm not looking at it at a set by set basis. Because for me, my approach is always okay. Every muscle groups workout has a couple different ways to go about it. Quads, leg extensions, pressing, sometimes leg pressing versus like squatting. That's a little too factors split there. That's basically it. Hamstrings, artyos, and leg curls. They get a little activation on your pressing during quads, but that's all there is to it. So in my mind, it's like, okay, I'm doing quads, I'm doing hamstring. I want to hit them in those two ways or have any ways I have available back. You have pull down, throws, pull overs, and sometimes some variations in between chest pressing flies. So it's like I can net it down to these few staple kinds of movements. And then I just make sure I do some of each go hard, you know, do some heavy ones, do some light ones, do some fast ones, do some slow ones. And as long as the effort and intensity was there, and I'm pumped and fatigue at the end of it, then for my perspective, I'm going to say good set, go home, feel good. I know when I sit down in the car and fucking like cool down and like scroll my phone for a second. I'm going to feel pretty satisfied. Mainly from those sets of Smith squats, those were really good. At least I can feel cool. And then, you know, I get to go home, he's on front and no, that the training I did today is going to count towards my overarching goals and I'm working on it. So it takes a minute to get that feedback because if you've never lifted before, you have to do a training routine with no results until those results start to, you know, make themselves apparent to you. And then it's simply trial and error, you know, because nobody has your exact routine. Nobody has your body. Nobody has your food preferences or like, well, genetic, I mean, nobody has your genetics specifically. That's the whole point of them, right? Every dude is completely fucking different. So, you know, don't feel like he have to fall directly into this cookie cutter approach that everybody else does. And half the time you do that anyway, you're going to get the results that everybody else gets, you know? So, right, don't feel fucking spooked to do something that not anybody else is really doing purely because you're like, oh, I want to, I want to, what they're going to fucking think if I do, if I make any noise on this set or if I do, I set a 60 squats to do. You are in your own fucking world and everybody else is in theirs, right? So which one do you think is going to be most important for you to take fucking control of? But I'm, if I did a blood sugar test right now, I bet I'm running a little low. I haven't done that lift with no intercarb or anything else. So now I feel like I'm just starting to fucking ramble. But either way, sweet lift, veins out the wazoo. Let's get in the car and head back to the crib. I feel really good about today's like day. Now, this is most certainly an all's well that ends well situation. But I didn't, I didn't reference it before because, you know, word of mouth is very powerful, right? Like, do you think something to yourself a little bit, you know, whatever? But if you say shit out loud to yourself, it just becomes the fucking truth, you know? So once I parked it, I was sitting on the pre-workout and sitting kind of screw on my phone for a little bit, just getting distracted. I almost, almost freaking fell asleep at the car. Like, I was a little tired from today with everything else. But that's half of the reason why I was so giddy at the end, or quads, well at the end of the lift, but at the end of quads specifically, because complete 180, like once hamstrings was moving, I was basically into it. And then those sets of Smith machine squads really got me excited, because it just, it gets me going to do the squads. Like, I feel, um, I feel like I'm missing out when I don't. So I think that's where I got to be a bit smarter about not going too crazy, heavy with them, and doing like that tonight, where it was like a moderate weight, not pushing it to the absolute extreme, because, I think, fuck man, how am I expected to do the same workouts and recovery the exact same way? Now I'm like 20, like load 2000 calories compared to, like, you know, more than double literally like 5,000 from months ago. I'm starting to get it a little bit more goodness, but yeah, that was a good, that was a good flip-brain. The music I was playing was getting me going to, I love, um, crap what's this name? I don't want to say it wrong, so I'll just say what it was. And get a look it up, it's like, it's called an epic concept album. It's like all, uh, it's kind of Greek mythology, yes, can whatever, like, sort of, uh, it just musical kind of song style shit, but it's like tells a story too, which that's half the reason why I like some specific songs, for specific sets, like whenever I do a crazy set of squats, I would always, like, there's like this attack on Titan edit that I like playing in my mind, or, well, not in my mind, I'm playing it on my phone, but it's one that I like picks specifically, because it really gets me going, I'm like, you know, some dragon ball shed, or, like, some rock lead music, and it's not just because, like, it's from a high band of the edit, that's, that's, that's, that's going. It's like the music is hitting me on multiple different levels of excitement, because it's like a cool song. It's got, oh, you know, I got it playing loud, and then it's also, like, bringing back the story about whatever it's talking about, you know, like some rock lead training, some dragon ball style shit, like, those songs, I think, play into the training so well, because now you're like, envisioning yourself as a fictional, not envisioning yourself as them, but like, you know, taking this hype from this fictional kind of story and bringing it into reality, you know, which some guys that might sound like crazy fucking corny, but if I got a badass, like, goku song, edit plan, and he's about to go super Saiyan 3, and I got, like, damn, you're 500 pounds in my back. That gets me pretty excited, you know, and I don't mean, like, or bitterly, like, oh, this is going to be fun. I mean, like, heart pumping, like, you get this sort of, I mean, there's no better word than excitement than, like, hype about your lifts, which totally separates you from somebody who's working at completely calm, you know? I mean, I see guys, there's some guys when they're doing their sets, like, they make a thing out of it, they never, they don't make it face at all, like, they're almost like, well, if you guys are making, why are you guys making faces? I can still train hard and not make a face, like, I mean, you might be right, I'm not saying these guys aren't going hard or anything, but it's like, I want to be excited about these sets. On a set by set basis, I don't want to be sitting here, like, you know, talking to the guy I'm next to, during a working set, like, that's when I want to be really, like, in the zone, you know? Like, I couldn't care less about having my music playing in between, like, between sets. I don't mind some chatting, you know? I could sit in, like, just be, like, totally goofing, whatever, but those 10, 20 seconds before set of squats, before set or whatever, like, that's a couple big breaths. I got whatever song I got planned. Okay. Kind of center my mind, like, I'm not even, I didn't, like, before some of those sets of squats, I don't think I was really thinking about anything specific. I was just like, okay. Grab the bar, give it like a shake, like, that just gets me fucking going, man. So less than learn for me, still squat, but back off on the weight. Still squat, but none of this six plate mumbo jumbo. Alright, let's be a bit more considerate to my lower body's health. And really what I mean by that is, like, if I go too heavy on the pressing, sometimes I, uh, I'm not even sometimes, like, literally recently, I'm doing some heavy leg press. And of course, this is, like, heavy leg days, row, row, row, like, back to back to the point where, like, I could tell, like, I could pull something in my upper quadra and a little. And when I say pull, I don't mean, like, a big, like, tail. Just like a minor, a little thing. But enough where, like, I could still feel the next leg day, and even maybe attach the day after that, where it's like, it's enough where I got to take action, or, I guess you could say, inaction to prevent it from going any further. So that's my, that's the line I made before, right? Because obviously, you're putting yourself at risk of injury. Every time you come to the gym, you know? Some guys, perfect form, perfect everything. They're doing a normal weight that they can do. And for whatever reason boom, pectair, like we rare, usually there are warning signs, but you never fucking know, man. So to an extent, I do think, okay, well, if you don't want to have a risk in her, then don't come to the gym, right? But there is a balance where you look at somebody like fuck. That's the same weight that guys been doing for months. He's totally fine with that. That should not have happened. Whoops. And that's maybe, honestly, that's maybe 1% of the time. That there's no real, like, cause, it's just random accident. Usually, and by usually, I mean, 90, some to percent of the time, it's I'm going to heavy. I'm under recovered. I wouldn't say over trained. I would usually say under recovered. Didn't get enough water. The hydrated, warmed up too fast. Didn't actually get a good amount of, like, I guess you could just say, activation before, whatever that working set was. And then they tried to jump the gun with a weight. Or did these reps with a heavy weight way too fast? And I say, they, that's a pretty exact example for me. I mean, I just pulled my chest a while ago, doing, like, four plates on Smith. I felt crazy strong, but I was doing them, like, like, I basically, like, dropped it for the top of my car to the bottom. Like, it's totally fucking 80. So, that's the thing, okay, that's, I'm putting myself in harm's way. So, you've got a back off from there, but I still want to train hard enough, where I'm in this green zone of intensity and stimulus. So, I'm, I'm getting the better gauge for that. Usually I call that the lifter sense, right? I say, it's like, okay, this is, this is a good set. Everything is in order. I'm warm, I'm fresh, I'm rested. This is good. I can go all out without worrying about, much of anything, right? And then, if any of those sort of prep steps are off, then that's usually one of a little bit of an alarm system will go off, where I'm like, okay, my knees feel way more tender than they usually would on this set of like extensions, what a warming up. And if they did, then that would have been my cue. No squats at all today, just stick with like, like extensions. You know, don't put myself in harm's way. So, it's, it's a hard thing to say, right? I mean, I'm, I'm guilty of it, too. It took me a little while to get it, and I'm still working on getting it. But it's, it's hard to say, you don't have to lift that heavy. So, the guy who's like, you know, really obsessed with getting bigger and getting stronger, but there is value to both sides. Obviously, you got to push it hard enough where you're giving yourself new stimulus to grow from, but you can't overdo it to the point where you're going to fuck yourself up. And instead of, you know, making progress forward, you're taking two steps back, three steps back, or, I mean, worst case scenario, you had some crazy catastrophic. I don't even want to think about it. Then you could really screw yourself up. So, there's like, there's a balance to, you know, and a lot of it's just like, common sense, but I'd say even more of it just kind of comes to training experience, you know. You're not going to, what's the phrase, and I'm going to make a mom of that break in a few eggs? It seems kind of stupid, right? Obviously, you have to break them to make it. What's, well, you give them, I'm saying there. But, yeah, highlighted point of that lift was, even if you feel a little bit off on the way in, once you catch a free workout in your system, once you've got some warm ups that started, and once you, once you get your music playing, at least for me. That gives me a good, good, good, good. I can have a good ass lift that I can feel extra good about afterward. Because now it's not only I had a good lift, but I had a good lift where I went into it, not really feel in the best, you know. Didn't I have a rattlesnake bend over blood walking into the gym today, but I definitely did when I left. And that cow voyage analogy is mainly because of like three seasons deep in the yellowstone now. You guys were right in the comments that I was watching, land man, and if somebody said that the same guys, when we yell at stone made land man, then we got me a little curious. But either way, I needed to go home as top plats were there. I feel like a winner. I could eat a big old bowl of ground beef with some probably just some barbecue sauce. I've been doing these bowls where it's like ketchup mustard, low fat mayonnaise, relish. So I mean, once you chew on it, you may as well be the hamburger, but I'm going to see no bun, but I think I'll just do a big bowl of ground beef. Barbecue sauce, some kind of carb, at least as many as I, goodness, as many as I've got room for, and then I get to have a good night's rest. So just in a mile, hopefully chess will reflect the same amount of vain improvements that legs had to night compared to last night. So I guess we will have to see. And then another another thing I kind of didn't really reference. I had a rest day yesterday. Matt, anti-freaking resting. Half of that was just because we were, you know, me and Mark were traveling. So it kind of, it would have been a 10 o'clock lift, I'm like, not the best sleep. So really, like I was saying, second ago, the preparation steps were off. Usually, cue to back off. But still, I think some rest days are going to have to be implemented a little bit more, especially as I get a bit steeper into this diet. But I think it's not so, well, actually, I guess, I was about to say it's not so much your over training, but you're under-recovering. But really getting down lean-wise, like near, basically getting into trep, level lean. Like, over training. It's a little bit of an aspect I'm going to have to get to it. So, not going to, obviously, I got to approach this time frame of lifting a little differently. Then I usually would, like, a bad-ass, bulking phase. And, well, not that I'm too worried about anything, but it's definitely definitely a different challenge than what I'm used to. But that's the cool part. It makes an interesting thing. So, you guys all I got. I'm excited for some chest tomorrow. And then, I have a sneaking suspicion. I'm going to sneak in suspicion that me and you are going to be in the grocery cart. Oh, yes, I'm not going to be in the grocery cart. You are. Sooner than you might think, sooner than you might expect. No promises, but we'll see. Because I got to, my cupboard, or my pantry, is running low. So, I will see you for guaranteed chest tomorrow. And potentially a little something else. But we'll just have to see that.