There we go. Alright, a little bit of a later one. It's 10 13 PM on this December 29th Sunday night. And that a lot of gyms are open. But I will tell you this, there is one gym which fails to disappoint. Oh, and it fails to disappoint for being open any time. Now, some of them are much scrappy or than others because it's kind of a... It's like a guy-by-guy franchise sort of thing. So it's not like every gym has to have a corporate set of everything. Like every planet fitness has the same stuff and every LA fitness I would assume is like stocked with a lot of the same things I've never been to one of those gyms. But at any time, it can kind of vary. I've been to some really crazy badass anytime. There's this one kind of in the outskirts. It's like two hours away from me. It's like a camping style trip. So I went to like this random anytime and it was sick. They had this awesome back room. I think it was one of the... one of the later bulking videos. It was a chest-aid over there. There's a few days, but the chest-aid in particular was the craziest because the gym had this back heavy room. Dumbbells to 150 power racks, everything else you could want. It was just really freaking cool. So luck in the draw. But for the most part, the enemy teams are kind of holding the wall gyms. Like a little smaller. They get some hammer strength stuff. They get some racks. They get some with machines. They've got cables. They got dumbbells. And they really are fully stocked. So I don't want to... I'm not trying to dog it any other gyms specifically. But for a long time, I kind of feel like in my mind, plan of fitness was what came to mind as like, okay, which gym membership should I get if I want to have a gym open when I travel? Because if you pay the extra 20 bucks a month or something, or I think the extra like 10, or there's like a fee, whatever. You get to go to any planet anywhere. You just scan your thing and you're good. But the problem is, they're not always open, you know? The anytime is way better because they are a little keycard. You can put an apple thing in your wallet and you just scan it to get it like that. That's the plan for tonight. And anytime that any other gym is shut down, that's usually where I go. Or I would get a home gym cleaned up with my parents house and just lift down there as that's kind of a... That's how I might to do list as well as like 12 or 12. Like eight different imma's on returns. I got a bunch of camera lenses that I did not end up using your liking. So I got to send all those back. But plan for tonight's arm day, triceps in biceps obliteration with just a touch of side delts for kicks to see him, to see him a little bit pumped up during the post-down. And that's kind of the gist of it. So I'm not sure if I want to do a superseted style of like triceps set immediately into a biceps set. Part of me feels like I might want to because when I'm dited down, you know, I've only had 100 grams of carbs so far today. The pump is a bit fleeting. So, you know, let's say I completely thrash triceps in the time that it takes to finish biceps. And triceps pump could be like halfway gone by the time the post-down starts, which not cool for me. So, you know, we'll just have to see. But either way, whether I end up doing all triceps first or all biceps, that won't really change what the lift is composed of. It would just change like the actual machines that he used in wet water. So, I've got to do some rupic extensions, some overhead tricep cable work. And then maybe some single arm underhanded stuff, we'll just have to see if you're tries. But, either way, I want to hit a regular style push down, some kind of stretch based overhead, something or other. And then, I guess that's really it. And then one more little something in the middle. And with curls, I got an even easier set of checklists because I just want to make sure that whatever set of curls I do feels good. You know, I don't think there's anything magic about doing a set of like preachers versus a set of, you know, like some kind of just regular standing alternate curl. But, depending on just how I feel, one or the other might feel way better. Like, I'm kind of imagining myself doing some dumbbell preacher curls today. So, that's for whatever reason, that's just in my mind. So, if I think that would feel good, and then I'd start it, and I like the way it feels, I almost had a couple sets of those. And I'm even just thinking about it now, I think I like the idea of doing some creature dumbbells because I'll be able to give myself some self assistance on a couple reps for the end. And I think I'm starting to get on to something. And then I'll just throw in some side laterals, maybe some front raises, or some face pulls, I mean, for some side-in-rear delta activation. But not the most complicated lifts in the world. And I was feeling pretty sleepy. What the fuck was that? Well, whatever. I was feeling pretty sleepy earlier because this morning I went extra crazy into an hour and a half of cardio. Or it was more like a new. So, it was 45 minutes on this seated, sort of half-seated bike half-a-lipical kind of thing. That actually ended up feeling pretty cool up in that. So, it was 45 minutes there. 15, or no, I did 30 minutes on the treadmill. And then I finished with them at a 15 of the seated bike. So, that's definitely a little tip that I didn't think of before. If doing 30 minutes of cardio feels kind of monotonous and boring and like a chore, then just change it up, man. I mean, do 10 minutes on the bike, 10 minutes on the treadmill, and then maybe like 10 minutes on the elliptical. 10 minutes on a cardio, on a piece of cardio equipment. It goes by pretty quick. It's once you get into that like 15, 20, 25. That's when it starts to feel long. So, if you change it up, it's been working well enough for me. But what I consider a lot of cardio might be a little bit different than what someone who's not so acquainted with the cardio equipment might feel. So, if switching it up every 10 minutes helps you, I say go for it. But nothing else to discuss about what we just get in there and get this arm-daised started. Hopefully I'll be home before midnight. Let's keep the classic here and start with some five reps alternating single arm push dance. Once I had another side, once I had other side, until they're pretty much fully cut. And I think I know exactly how I want to go about it. I'm thinking the resets are tries. The resets are buys. Two sets of tries, two sets of buys. One set of tries, one set of buys, and then a superset at the end. Because that adds up total to about, not about exactly seven working sets per muscle group, which for me has kind of been my sweet spot. So, if historically I know seven is about right, then it's just kind of a fun way to do it. Because it's like, I get to build up the pump of both arms, both muscle groups at once. Kind of like an increasing rate. But sometimes I don't like supersetting them because I like the idea of completely wrecking one muscle before moving on to the next. So I think that this sort of three and three, two and two, one and one sort of approach is a nice medium. But it's not that magically special about it. I'm still doing the same amount of working sets for the lift as I would've had it all tries and then all buys. It's just a little bit of a different way to go about it. And sometimes I think that's all you need to do to spice up your training, make it more interesting. Because if you feel like your lifts are boring, like when guys say, I'll do it. I'm getting real bored of my workout split right now. It's like, I don't think it's the splits fault, and if you're doing the exact same lifts every day, or every muscle day, then yeah, I get that when we see it getting a little bit repetitive. So, don't be afraid to change it up. If you're doing back and by's, you do like a back movement, and then immediately superset it with a bicep movement, one lift. And then go back to your normal, like all back all buys, like, you know, just keep an interesting. As long as you do your working sets at a reasonable rate, you're still did the workout. You know, don't be afraid to try and your shit like that. But right side first. Now, now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah No Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Oh, yeah Yeah, let's do one more just like that with a self assistance and then I'm not sure what kind of curl I want to start with Let me think about it for a little more Yeah Yeah Yeah Wow Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah I'm gonna be so late. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Oh, my goodness. Yeah. You know, actually, that's probably camp out right here. I think some cable curls are just about exactly what I'm looking for. So in a mind of these are a little bit on the next year side of things. But for this set, I basically just want to do heavy. Not exactly V bar. What would you call this? Just bent bar curls. And then go from there. A couple of long days ago. This was the only boobin I did. And it's just, it's got everything. A really hard squeeze. A good stretch. And it's basically feels like my biceps are getting loaded evenly throughout the whole movement. Which might seem kind of like, oh, obviously you're holding weight. They're going to be loaded the whole time. I mean, that exactly, you know, like when you do a easy bar or a dumbbell preacher curl, it's heaviest at the bottom. Right? When your arm has the weight furthest away from your elbow, that point of rotation. And then when you get to the top, most of that weight is just being supported by your bones. So it's easier to hold it at the top, right? Nobody rests in a weighted creature down here. Now you take a rest up here when you can breathe. But with this set, it's basically just kind of equally hard throughout the whole thing. So it's a very consistent build up of a fatigue. If you catch them, kind of, going down there. And some bring me the horizon won't hurt either. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my God. One more that same weight, but the one after that, I'm going to have to drop it a little bit, I think. Yeah. Yeah. That's your update by 20 for the next one. Here's a nice though. It's hard to beat something just straight up heavy. One more. Yeah. One more. Oh, yeah. That was good. Next move, but. Don't even have switch handles. I think some overhead extensions with this one will be freaking perfect. So let's just get this bunch out of the way and make it happen. So with these reps, especially given that I already have a bit of a tricep pump, what I really want to make sure I do is, like imagine I'm facing the right way. I get to this stretch position. I want to basically completely relax my arms to the point where they just bend as much as they're going to bend. Like the tension's completely off my triceps. I just let them completely stretch out and then pump out another rep and try to ride the negative slowly and sort of feel it. And that's it's easier said than done. You know, it's always like you had to control the negative. No swing in the way around, but it's kind of like a like once you get it, you get it kind of situation because you're going to watch me do some nasty sets of like straight apart pushdowns or I'm pumping out reps and I'm definitely feeling it. But with slower controlled sets like one of these are like with a rope extension. There's this certain like a cruel of fatigue that you just start to feel as you slowly. Enter that stretch position and much easier said than done, but if it clicks for you, then that's where you'll start to see the value of these slow controlled sets which this one will be. No, right. Yeah, right. Yeah. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Oh, can I say it? One. No. No. No. No. No. Oh my gosh. Let's grow some setter. I'm not sure I want to do dumbbell preachers though like I thought. You need to take it to the side. Let's just do some single-up curls here. Right side first to the left side, which some self-assist is. It's exactly what I'm looking for. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. One more just like that. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Oh, you're up. Okay. Let's pick a move into the superset on, I think. Yeah, that'll be good. Curls. So, you know, 10 inch reps here, 10 reps here, maybe drop it to eight, drop it to eight, six, six, five, and some arms are completely inflated with blood. That is a plan. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Oh my god. All right. Let's pose now. Arms complete, no, so on. There we go. All right. That was a really good freaking arm workout. I just sin here right now. I can feel that my arms are extra full of blood. Definitely compared to normal, which dieting to this degree is starting to feel a bit less frequent, but luckily enough today was a rather inflated pump, which I've seen. I've seen some kind of surprise, but I've been in extra cardio, didn't eat any extra food. And yet I feel extra pumped. So lucky lucky me, but let's just run through some classics here. But even just stand up and start to feel like a total of meatball. Oh my goodness. So obviously no Kevin Laveroni level yet, but that's certainly some chunks of meat. Oh my god. Oh my god. So we got all that in the classic. Yeah. We are getting somewhere. But for you who needs to get back to the car, I have a little bit of a post-lift discussion. For me, not getting off so easily. No, because that's to got 30 minutes of cardio. So I'm going to go get that going. And then you'd just enjoy nice little time skip to the campsky. There we go. That was a good one. So it's been approximately 30 minutes on the seated bike. I am now ready to go to bed. So final meal of the night is just going to be about six ounces of cubed top-round steak that I've got sitting in like a five pound... ...where'd it be? Maybe pile. That's in my fridge from a whole bunch that I can't cut up and slow cooked down. So I'm going to slow cooked in the sous-v. Four hours at 128.5 with a variety of garlic, onion, salt, pepper, a little bit of barbecue, sort of seasoning and whatnot. And that's the way to do it. And it really is. Like I'm not one to meal prep per se. I don't have meals stacked up in my fridge or anything like that. But it does make it much easier to have at least the basics in bulk. So what am I eating the most over right now? Protein. That's basically... I mean, that's half of my calorie intake is all just straight protein. So if every time I want to eat something, I need to cook either like a half pound of ground beef or turkey or whatever, then it kind of becomes a bit of a chore, you know? If I've already got five pounds of ground beef sitting in the bowl waiting for me, all I gotta do is scoop out as much as I need, right? Wait out in the scale. Boom. Eight ounces. Perfect. So that's where my the biggest extent of my meal prep's. Has your as you feel the pressure? Oh. It has really been just making sure I've got enough protein on hand. So I've probably going to be through all of my cube stick within the next day or two. And I've got five pounds of that green, I don't say green. Ground lean turkey waiting to be cooked as well. So that's just going to be as simple as empty at all five pounds into a pot. Low. Give it a couple of stirs every so often and then once it's fully cooked, strain off the fat. And one thing I've every time I talk about doing like the lid method where you flip the whole thing up, set it out and give it a shake. I am aware it is easier using the strainer. But the strainer's that I have, they're a little coarse, they're not so fine. So sometimes they've up losing the chunks of the like the ground beef or I would presume the ground turkey as well. So it just doesn't work. At least it's nicely as I want and you need to get a different strainer. But one thing that I have been doing which I see you guys talked about a lot is once I finish straining off most of it. I fold over like three or four layers with the paper towels onto the bottom of the big, kind of salad bowl that I end up using. And then I cover that with, well I pour the rest of the ground beef or turkey into it. And then with another two or three layers of paper towels, give it a hard squish just to kind of suck off any little bits of bits of fats. And every time I talk about that, I get a reasonable amount of comments. Sam, why would you strain off the fat? The tallos were all the nutrients are in the ground beef man. Look man, I've only got so many grams of fat that I can eat so far right now. Or every day, I'm at 40. I try not to go over sometimes I do and I eat it up. It's not the end of the world but I've eaten it before. And if I had like a really fatty cut of steak, like if I had a big rib eye, that was a bit on the soft side of things, that could be my, all my fat intake right then in one meal. So it's not a question of like the quality of the fat or like the, you know, micronutrient density of the different oils or whatever else. Like that's not exactly the problem here. The problem is simply it's too many calories, you know. It just doesn't fit in the schedule. It doesn't fit in my sort of daily allotment. So all my protein now is lean, lean beef, ground turkey. I got a bunch of really like natural, deli turkey. And I can tell it like you even the scrappy turkey, like the Oscar Meyer, whatever, makes my stomach even a few ups and I like it. So now every time I get the deli turkey, I try to get like the most organic one I can, like get my hands off. The best bed is just going to Costco and getting like a big five pound, like 10. I'm not 10 but like five pound, like vacuum seal, the turkey breasts straight off the bird. I don't know post processing apart from cooking. And that's really good because it's just, it's just straight meat, low fat and or nothing. But all the protein sources are coming from lean, lean spots, man. I mean, I've got no, I don't have cartons of eggs right now. All I have is egg white. Well, I guess carton, not the, what's the, what's the word? Carton of eggs. But you also say carton of milk, wouldn't you? Well, I've just got the egg white cartons. So, you know, there's no yolk going on right now. Because it's little things like that. Those even just five calories or five grams of fat per meal, extra. That's going to add up. All right, let's say I'm eating five times a day. I'm really eating more like four but let's include like random snacks. So let's say I eat five times a day and extra five grams of fat in every meal. Which you wouldn't even notice. That's just putting like a little bit of extra butter on a piece of toast or like a sandwich or something. Like you wouldn't even notice the difference. You barely build a taste. But five grams of fat, five times a day. 25 grams of fat. How many calories is that? That's 225 calories. That just got added on to my daily alignment. Or my daily intake like nothing. Like I didn't even notice. So I really can't stress enough with the calories. You've got to be seriously like nitpicky every single gram of everything. At least if you're dieting down in a fat loss context because as soon as you go over your calorie deficit, then it's just a matter of fact you are no longer burning body fat. Because your body needs to run on a certain amount of energy every day. Right? Let's say your car. You're driving a certain amount every day. Just being alive. And every day you've got to burn through five gallons of fuel. So if every day you eat five gallons of fuel, then you're good. You're going to go back and forth all the energy that you consumed. Got burned. You didn't have any extra. You didn't have like a you know a deficit or anything. All the food that you ate got burned off. Now if every day your gas tank burns five gallons, but you fill it up with five and a half gallons, then every day your gas tank is now increasing by half gallon. Right? Slowly but surely. The same thing is going to happen in reverse. So if you need to run on two thousand calories every day to stay the same weight. Like you look it up online maintenance macro or online maintenance calorie calculator. Plug in your info and it says for you to maintain your maintenance calorie level is 2100 calories. And it should spit out some basic like macro ratios or whatever. So if every day you ate two thousand calories, then your body has to make up for that hundred calorie deficit by way of fuel that's already in your build. And the thing that's going to get used first is going to be your intramuscular carbs. Right? Your glycogen stores. So whenever marathon runners talk about like carbing up before they go or like the day before like a big race or something. That's what they mean. They're eating a lot of carbohydrates so that all their glycogen stores, their little carb gas tanks throughout their entire body get filled up. Because carbs are your easiest source of energy. And once those are gone and you're depleted and flat, right low on carbs, then your body is going to have to run on the second most readily available energy source. Body fat, right? Adapose tissue. So you have to go through a process of burning through most of your excess internal carbs, your glycogen. And then stay in the calorie deficit long enough that you start to burn into some of your body fat. So if you're not consistent with it, then you're just going to end up like burning through some of your glycogen, refilling it with like a cheat day and then you never actually end up losing any body fat. Like when I talk about dieting, there's an unfortunate stage in the beginning where you're basically fat and flat. And what I mean by that is like in my first two weeks of dieting, dieting down from this last bulking phase, I did not start to look better and leaner. I just started to look smaller and flatter instantly because that's the time period where I'm not burning through any fat. All I'm doing is burning through all my intramuscular glycogen, like all my sugar stores. So that doesn't make me look any leaner, it physically just makes my muscles smaller, because that's what a lot of your sort of myal fibreller, fibreller, whatever kind of volume is full of just sugar water. And once that gets depleted to a low enough level, then that's when you really get into the body fat, pretty stage of things. But what I'm trying to get at is you have to be consistent in a deficit for a few weeks, straight, no cheating before you can even get to that stage. Like when guys talk about, if you ever hear somebody say, oh well you don't start burning body fat in the first 15 minutes of cardio, you have to get past that first 15 minute mark. That's stupid, that is silly, I don't know where that even came from, that's a random jargon. But in a more longer form context, you really don't start burning body fat in a calorie deficit for at least as long as it takes for you to basically flatten out and to plead your glycogen stores. You know, because let's say tonight, I just let the floodgates open. I ate 500 grams of carbs of like I say, I'm going to have five packs of ramen. I'm going to stop at the gas station, get three packs of fruits and eggs, I'm going to need a bunch of cereal, whatever. Let's say, you know, alternate universe, that's what happened tonight. Then tomorrow, I'm going to wake up, probably feeling kind of weird because I just gained probably like six pounds of carbs in water. But tomorrow, I'm going to now basically be pretty full of carbs. Like all my little sugar stores throughout my entire body will now be full because I just ate a crazy amount of food, crazy amount of carbs specifically. So if tomorrow, I said, okay, I got a lock back in, I'm getting back on my deficit. And I only 2000 calories. I really don't think I would have burned any body fat that day. All I would be doing is burning through all those excess carbs that I just stored up across my build because I just ate a ton of a yesterday and basically filled up that first sort of, you know, storage cell. So it's almost like you got your main line power to your house, which is all the food that you eat. And then you've got two backup generators that first backup generator is really easy to turn on. He just flip a switch, let's say it's like a batter. So as soon as your house stops getting enough power, which is you eating less food than you burned today, then you're going to flip onto that little battery bank in the basement. That's your carbs. And once that runs out, that's when you really start using that second generator that body fat storage and start burning through there. So that's usually kind of my thought process with it. And it might be a little hard to explain or hard to get just by me, like, saying like that, I really need like some fancy info graphics like right in here. But that's usually how I think about it. So if you're thinking about, okay, I want to start dining down. Then you have to have a good grasp of like, okay, I'm not going to see the results that I'm working for for like, minimum four weeks because at first I'm just going to feel smaller. I'm going to feel weaker. I might not feel a strong in the gym. Oh man, I died in sucks. I have screw it. I don't even look at any leaner. It's like, yeah, you don't look at any leaner because you're not leaner yet because that's the hard part. That's the that's the barrier to entry of anybody who wants to get into the dieting because the beginning really is the hardest part. I'm going to get into the dieting because it's all work and no reward. But once you get past that stage into what I would call phase two, now your flat is going to be your carbs are gone. But you're finally starting to eat into some of your real body fat. So in that first stage you're just burning through your carbs. That's where you're going to drop like six pounds in a week. If you jump straight to a real calorie deficit, like in my first week of this diet, like I dropped like 10 pounds. Because that was all just carbs and water. I've got to store it up. And then that instant drop slowed to a steady progression. And that's when I'm really starting to burn body fat. So you got to make it through this tricky part in the beginning and then get on this slow and steady phase for long enough that you start to really see the results you're looking for. So all that's to say is if you're thinking about dieting down, you know, you've looked up how to track your macros. You've got a basic plan, okay, I'm going to eat 200 grams of protein, 50 grams of fat, 200 grams of carbs. That's my limit for the day. I'm not going over it. And you've got a basic plan, then all you really have to do is just stick with it. And much easier said than done, of course. But if you can do it for long enough, then once you actually start to see yourself getting leaner, that's the motivation right there. Every time I see myself noticeably leaner by a certain degree compared to where I was a few weeks ago or months ago, that's very motivating to make me say, okay, this cardio's getting long. I wouldn't mind eating a bunch of treats right now. But I do want to see myself getting leaner. I've seen myself change from the last three months to now. I want to see just how much further I can push it. And also, I know that within three months I'm going to be bulking up again. So it's not like I never get to eat treats ever. It's just kind of saving it for later. But I hope that I hope some of that came across as the process of jumping into a real dieting phase. But if you didn't, well, what do you do? Do your cardio. That's... That'll be my last little finishing statement for you. So I think that's all I got. I've got a leg day playing for tomorrow. Nothing crazy. Hamstring curls, leg extension, cissy squats. Just get a pump. And hopefully I start to see some new veins and striations. So I'm going to try to make tomorrow's lift a little bit earlier than tonight's. I'm getting on a bit of a gradually later and later schedule, which is probably not good. So I'm getting the last couple days of kind of just been waking up when I wake up. Making sure I sleep enough. But I think I got to start to sit in my alarm again and really jump it up. I was waking up like six for a while, but I went out to win the... So either way, I will see you for a freakiest leg pump tomorrow.