The time currently 1737, just about desk, and I have one thing on my agenda. I actually have a couple, but for statements, I think let's just say I have one thing, and that is to go nuts. Nutton triceps, nuts on biceps, a little bit nuts on shoulders, and I'm not even lying this time. I am actually going to do some side-delt stuff, plus nuts on cardio afterward. The cardio's getting serious. If you want to stay reasonably updated on my cardio schedule, every time I finish some of it, I ended up just spamming it in my Instagram story. So I think my right now it's like, bike, treadmill, 12 hours later, bike, treadmill, 12 hours later, bike, treadmill, bike, just camping out. And I hate to say it, but I think at this point, I've done more cardio in the last few weeks than probably a certain percentage of lifters have done in the last three years, which is not a situation I want to be true. Frankly, I think everybody should be clocking in way more hours of cardio than they are now, but what do you do? Whoa, it's getting crazy, huh? But either way, you do have to somehow fit it into your schedule, and get into the hour to our range of cardio per day. That's definitely its own. That's not just general fitness. But what I would recommend, 30 minutes, a couple of times a week. And I'm just getting into it. And if you can find like a Facebook marketplace, treadmill, or a seated bike, or something, and then keep that like in the garage and the basement, that is really the best bet. Because they don't have to drive to the gym and make a whole trip out of it. So if you don't want to do that, then cardio, post workout, 30 minutes. I mean, usually I wouldn't recommend cardio, post workout, especially not on a leg. If I just thrashed my legs, I think sitting and peddling for 30 minutes and really burning them out isn't going to do me much good. I'd probably want to at least wait a few hours before doing that. But your best bet cardio on its own separate occasion hours before the lift, second best bet post workout is cool too. It doesn't, some guys talk about the cardio timing is if doing post workout cardio will immediately kill your gains and your whole workout was worthless. It's not that serious. But as long as you're getting it in somehow, I think you're giving yourself a bit of a competitive edge compared to anybody who doesn't. In terms of tonight's lift, I'm not exactly sure how it's going to be oriented. I know there's going to be some machine dips involved. There will definitely be some rope extension and some overhead extension involved. And then biceps will just be whatever curls kind of, you know, take off my fancy for the most part because my biceps do not feel particularly picky like with chest. I guess maybe am I really that picky with machines in general? Well, with biceps, if you put me on any curl machine, like if you said Sam, or you get a lift at a hotel gym for arms tonight, there's no dumbbells. There's only this machine preacher. There's only this like seated curl or held there's only dumbbells that all you get to do is dumbbell curls. That is pretty much totally cool with me because I mean all your biceps is doing is going from here to here. So as long as you really push it, I think you're cool. There's not a need to really freak out of that, make sure you do 10 different movements, some focusing on the stretch, some folks can always squeeze. Like obviously I think there's value to that. That's too much of one thing is usually kind of going to stray you from the path of just basic gains. Like, don't forget the hierarchy of importance of your training, I would say intensity and consistency are like S tier, versatility or it's the kind of variability like making sure you do different sets. That's more like A tier. Like it's up there. So I would never recommend someone only do dumbbell curls for the rest of their life. But if all that guy did was dumbbell curls and he went crazy every set, he's still going to make bicep gains. So what I'm more concerned with in terms of like my exercise selection is okay. How can I hit whatever muscle group I'm hitting? And how can I hit it? I mean how many different ways and how many different movement styles are there for this particular muscle group? Because with something like chest, there's a few different movements. We know this pressing and fly-based work. Now there's a little bit of a combination where you have like converging pressing where it's kind of a half fly, half press. But for the most part you press stuff and you do some stretch focus flies. With triceps you get dips, machine or body weight personally, I'm a little bit too tight. I think for body weight the machine's feel much better. I don't get any chest involved and everything. There's regular push-downs and then there's overhead extensions of all sorts of rides. Like skilled crushers, overhead cable, there are some really fancy overhead triceps machines. Though there are a bit rare to come by unfortunately not as popular as like leg extensions and leg curls or whatever. But those are the big three for triceps. I know that if I hit my triceps and check off all three boxes, push down, dip overhead extension because I basically get my triceps works in all of the major ways that I can. And then at the end of it I can tell I'm fully pumped. I had a good workout. Then I'm golden, right? The important part isn't making sure that every specific workout hits every specific different time of everything. It's like, you know, hit it over the course of time. I don't want to do one tricep workout forever. I want to keep changing it up day by day. Even just based on how I feel on a day by day basis. But I'm much more concerned with making sure my effort is there. A well-written workout, executed poorly, will never even come close to comparing to a simple workout executed with, well, let's just say, tightest. Level engagement or intensity. Is it tightest? Tactics. I don't know, I keep seeing all the warhammer edits so I can make it kind of excited. But I'm not really, I don't really play games like that. It's almost like I just want to watch, like I want to see a warhammer movie. Like, I really well done, like CGI, everything. I don't know, I don't really play story games like that. It just doesn't get me going. I'm going to be the way within, including the drive about an hour and 20 minutes. I can pretty much guarantee I'm going to have a freaky arm pump. And then I'll be ready to slam a ton of water either of the water found or just get a jug in the bedding machine. I forgot to bring one. And then get ready for a... Oh, no, crap. I was about to say, get ready for an episode of Squid Game to watch during my cardio. I actually stayed up kind of late last night and I watched an extra two episodes. I should have just watched TikTok Reels or something because now I don't have a show. I guess I'll watch some suits. But anyway, that's a me problem. How about we, how about we stop talking, go get this lift started? All right, so I've got a plan. And what that plan is is as many back and forth as necessary to reach a state of being fully pumped of a tricep movement supersetted with biceps. So I've got a history of starting with squeezing stuff. Be it single on push downs, rope extensions with a good hold at the bottom. And then with curls. Well, I'll start with some regular dumbbell curls too. But I feel like I've kind of been starting with lighter squeezing sets in the last few arm days for curls also. So let's flip it around. Just start with some nasty reasonably weighted sets. Kind of quicker pace, no need for like a full one second hold at the bottom and a super slow eccentric. I'll save those sets for a little bit later. But let's get this started here. From here on. That one. That one. Mm. Yeah. Mmmm. Oh my gosh. Let's see one more just like that. Let's see the three or move on to a new pair of movements. It's all the way down. your All right, let's pick it in your pack. Let's pick a new pair. Whoo! Let's see some overhead rope extension jump over to the other side. I'm just a heavy, he's a bar curl. Came on me. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Oh. Okay. Let's go to the light for the next one. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Yeah. Okay Mhm Hey Nice As you never hear Oh, okay. All right. Time to dance. Oh, yeah. Oh. There we go. All right. So arms are freaking complete. They feel, they feel freaking nuts. Now the discrepancy, the torn, the torn between the subjective value of the pump right now, and the subjective value of like, how energized I feel. Very much in this direction. All right. Like, I, yeah, I'm definitely getting a bit of a relief wave that the lift is over. Not in the sense that I'm like, oh, so don't work it out. But I'm definitely feeling some of the additional fatigue of dieting. And I'm used to being in more of, you know, bulked 800 grams of carbs intake per day. So this is definitely a little bit different than my normal sort of sensation. But I still feel pretty freaking freaky. Yeah, even just really shit. Even just after one set of lateral raises, and I've already got a very bold, shoulder pump. There's a reason I'm not doing a lot of shoulders right now. And so you think for the back. Actually, let's lose the tank. But the hell am I doing? Oh, give me some. Oh, is it just me? But I feel like my last spread is better without a back pump. Is I can really open up more? Because when I pumped up, it's like, you know, yeah, my lats are extra like full and inflated. But I don't get that same like opening up because they're so tense. But holy crap, I got to do one more. There's a little Christmas tree flexus. Oh, my gosh. Oh, all right. Oh, I'm so happy. Oh, I'm so happy. Oh, I'm so happy. Oh, all right. Let's get a most muscular in it. Get ready for some more cardio. The, I think this alternating style of tries and by work for these upcoming arm days is going to have to be the way to go about it for two reasons. One, it's a little bit of a quicker lift. I can be a bit denser with my workload. And it doesn't feel so much like a marathon, which I'm doing enough freaking cardio as it is. I don't need these workouts to really extend beyond, you know, the 45 minute rain. And also, my arms are just way more pumped for the post down. When I do tries back and forth with bice because right now, this pump is already fleeting. Like, why aren't there already probably beginning to shrink down just to touch and lose some of the blood that I just works are hard to put into them. Because I'm running low like for me, 150 grams of carbs and below per day. That's not complaining. But that definitely feels as though it's on the low end. But that's kind of the whole point of this portion of my training. So it's just, it's just the nature of it. But awesome arm day with a tiny little hint of shoulders. I got an hour cardio, but for you, you need to jump straight into the car and jealous. There's this, there's a, there's a third gen. There is a certain catharsis to sitting in a warm car, scrolling Instagram after a good workout with some cardio at the kick of it. Usually I would say after a leg day because that's where I'm really kind of feeling the tiredness of a lift. But no, I get that every lift. Okay. Because it's finished with some cardio. So plan now is go home, get ready for a nice big bowl of ground turkey with sugar-free ketchup, as well as all my multivitemins and nice cinnumide and any scene, everything else. And then go to sleep early. It's 8.48. So I've been kind of sitting in my phone for a little while. And I bet eventually I'm just going to fall in this fall in the car, fall asleep in the car after a lift. I've never done it before. But depending on the intensity of this deficit, I would not be surprised if after like, you know, a tricky back there, some kind of heavier whatever, weren't really feeling the low carb effect, plus the fatigue from the extra cardio that I get nice and bundled up, heat to the max, see heater going crazy, plus a little bit of a phone stimulus. I get his pass out right there. Though, I guess we'll just have to see. Until then, I'm kind of getting excited to, I'm getting excited to have a hot shower. Because I just generally feel colder now. Like, when I'm full of food in a crazy amount, it's to the point where I'm just kind of not constantly sweating, but like, peak bulk just walking around and like, even just standing up for a while, I'll get some drips down my back. Not so much now, not so much, because in the deficit, I mean, it's, I'm getting chipper down. Like, especially in the morning, getting up to the cardio, like I'm wearing two pairs of sweatpants, plus a sweater, just because the car is freaking freezing. And it takes, well, it doesn't take a while to warm up, because it doesn't get warm, because all I do is ride it over to the apartment gym. But, yeah, so. Other than that, I'm pretty much, well, it'll still be a little while, but my current challenge is breaking into the 220s in terms of my morning empty stomach fast at weight. Getting past the 230 mark is proving to be trickier than expected, but definitely not impossible. So, as soon as I break into the 229.9s, you will know it, you will freaking hear that. And that's pretty much close to my end goal, lemme. Like, for my height, I've got to be able to check in at 217 pounds, so I'm bacon on being 27, just walking around a lean, empty stomach, and then having a 10 pound water depletion over the 3-year or 2-year 3 days pre-show. Which 10 pounds of water for my size, not that crazy. I mean, if I ever have a day where I don't drink enough water or, like any time we travel anywhere, and we're walking around air-porth and stuff, like I just lose five pounds like that, just from the extra dehydration and stuff like that. So, I don't think that's too unfeasible. So, now, I kind of feel like I'm just really waiting for time to pass. Because if I'm not, if I'm not like on my desk, think I'm with something, or like mess with the camera stuff, or the videos, or going down like a YouTube rabbit hole. Because if I'm just sitting board or whatever, the urge to grub, it's getting strong. Like this is definitely not a passive state of dieting that a man is getting, especially now, I mean, if I actually want to hit the goals that I want to reach, like there's no room for fumble, so really what I'm trying to do is just make sure that I'm occupied with something. All right, ooh, I had almost all times just so that I, you know, I just got my mind on something. Because I don't hands or the stomachs play thing. Because if you're not really doing anything, you're just kind of walking around, no. I wonder what's in the pantry. Ooh, I would mind it got my hand full of cheeses. I wouldn't mind if you'd go fish. Peanut butter crackers? Don't mind if I do. And then before you know it, you just have next to 1000 calories of snacks, which you probably did not even really want to eat. But just because you weren't thinking about it, you were kind of walking around mindlessly. It's like, you caught yourself in the act. And that's where it's, like, as much benefit as there is to really just make sure you're killing it on the regular. I'd say one of the biggest sort of tricks to getting ahead in anything is not putting yourself in a situation where you're behind, right? So who's going to do better? The guy who is like seriously locked in 50% of the time, crazy hardcore dieting. And then the other 40% he has like cheat days. And he like skip the cardio. Or the guy who's like pretty much evenly consistently locked in, not like it in same crazy deficit. Like he's not going crazy. But he's consistent. That consistency is where these results are going to come from. So don't, it's not necessarily how hard of a cardio session can you do today. It's what kind of cardio session can you do consistently over the course of the next three months, or over the course of the next forever. Ideally, because the cardio shouldn't just be a, you know, a one time phase. Hope, hope hypothetically, hopefully that should become kind of just, you know, a new lifestyle, right? But who knows, that seems like a distant future when the majority of people get their 30 minutes of, 30 minutes of cardio-vascular activity per day. But a lift you can dream. So I think, uh, it's pretty much all the rest to say. Freaky arm day. Only more veins and cuts to come. So all I gotta do is make sure I'm nice and well rested. Dr. Maro's leg day, which is probably the lift that I care about being the most well rested for. Out of all the, um, I'll make a course every lift I want to be well rested. But if I'm really kind of feel-and-tired and extra-lethargic on a leg day, that's the trickiest. That is the most, uh, the most gruesome. Oh, it was a hard, but I think I'm just about ready for bed. So a little bit of a quicker post lift update. I will have more to more lifting-based chat to, uh, get into Maro for legs. So I think I'll just see you then.