After a short pit stop to refuel, let's go hit some back. This is actually a little bit out of the ordinary for me because my typical daily workout routine is as follows. Cardio in the morning on its own, that first one hour session, followed by go home, eat more food, wait a while, come back, and then do the weight-based section, like you go lift with another hour of cardio afterward. Today, I did not feel like starting with cardio. So, I won't, I might today start with a lift too. So, this would be my first morning back day in quite a while, but it's going to feel like I went to the back first. So, I'll still do a second hour of cardio later. But now it's going to be its own individual thing that. So, after this back day, I'll camp out, I won't have to seat it by yourself, and go down a bunch of all sorts of either. I got a couple staples that I end up doing, right? I mean, there's slamming, clashery out with music plan. That's a pretty quick time-wester. Same thing with a balloon's tower to vent to battles. That's pretty good too. So, I'm going to go down to the tower, just catch yourself going down some YouTube rabbit holes, right? Like, you get to look up, well, maybe like you, but if you ever like nerd out about all of the photography stuff, I love watching the, I forget the guy's name. I think it's, I think it's animorphics on a budget. He makes really cool videos, I'm always watching all that stuff. But it's like, all I'm trying to do is occupy my mind and just to be able to do that. I'm not thinking about the fact that I'm bored sitting on the cardio machine. And then before you know it, it's over. So, everybody starts somewhere. I would recommend, I'm not saying you have to do it, but I would recommend that after you're list later today, let's say you got a just a year like day on arm day or whatever. Just try 15 minutes, seat it by any difficulty level. You'll probably just bite nature, want to set it to one of the, you can at least actually feel a little. But, said it's whatever, just do 15 minutes, see what happens. Now, I'm not promising any life changing in lightning. That was the word. Miracles to happen. But, I think you'll start to get some of the gist at a time. So, playing for back, the same as normal men, pull down, rose, pullovers, and a combination of a pull down movement in a row movement in a superset sound fashion. At the end, just to really make sure that everything's fully pumped up. But, I think that's all I got to say. Quick little on the way to the gym card park portion. So, let's just find out what movement number one ends up in. Let's keep it simple. Light, neutral grip. Maybe shoulder width and a third, like 1.3x shoulder width. And this stack is light. Like this stack I'm going to get is up to 200. So, not too much ego lift to reach going on. And I really want to feel a wild squeeze at the bottom of every rep. I can do a few more. I'm not done yet. I can do a few more. I can do a few more. Oh, okay. Oh. That was good. Let's run that factory times. Then, side of what's next. Okay. 200, so heavy. Let's see one more. 170 instead. Much more reasonable. Okay. That's enough for that. Let's get a row of some so it's started. These would be some nasty or seated rows. Usually, not the biggest fan of the neutral grip. But whatever even is kind of growing on me. Yeah. Oh my god. Let's drop a phone. One notch and do one more. And the next set will be more squeezing holding focus. Such a respectful corner bounce. One dead bodyhand. Big red denial. Hey, did I insert that mic gasket? Oh my gosh. Okay. Let's go do a more squeeze and focus roll. It definitely brought up some solid draft of keep going. One even just opened up. And this machine is extra fancy because it gets like extremely light at the top. The leverages are such that like if I had a force reader or like if I had a scale measuring the force that my hands felt at the bottom, it might be even twice as much as I've filled it up. So that means super sweet stretch, but I can still get a full contraction for like, you know, the first however many reps I can do before I start breaking into partial territory. And this might be a little too heavy, but I think I got it. I'll make it a drop set if I can't get enough. Let's leave it at one. This will actually be a good sensor. So like I predicted, a lap focused, well this is more of a combination. It's like a lap focused stretch in top like a region region, but it's a very nice workout. So I'm getting my laps, my traps. I'm in back basically everything all in one set. I probably won't recommend you do that for every set of every lift, right? Because obviously I think there's benefits of just targeting specific muscle groups of the back, black work, trap work, whatever work, but as a finisher for the purpose of making my back is it's full of blood as possible. This has yet to fail me and I've got no reason to believe that it will now. And not too heavy here either. Oh my God I hate myself because I hate myself for honestly Isn't it We are adding another complete space? Yeah Let's put this bench back back. Done. Let's go pull this down. I got caught up chatting a little bit, but back freaking complete. So let's see just how it works. Front to, well, front to back pretty else. But this lift is not over. That's for a great insure because I've still got, I actually got that hour of a bike next. But let's run through some stuff here. Damn. I'm certainly feeling it. I need to clean up my parents basement gym. I guess my old basement gym. It's full of just clutter, but the lighting in there is freaking sweet. I need to get some little day by day kind of updates so I can really see how things are kind of changed. Because I would say we're definitely crunch time zone right about now. But for you let's get in the car? For me? Oh, you know what I got to go. Get a one a little bit extra crazy. Thirty more seconds than I'm out. All right, so I decided to go a little extra crazy. And by the time I hit the hour mark on that seated bike, sort of felt like I could do another 30. I felt like another 30 minutes would not be too crazy. So that's what I did. And that is a very good example I feel of how you got a strike when the iron is freaking hot. All right, so let's say you're just getting into your cardio. You've never really got into it before. You know, I'm sure you could do five minutes on the bike at level whatever. Easy. You got it. So you push it to 10. And thank you probably good. Especially if you're already there, you're already doing it up to 15 and up to 20 up to 25. And then before you know it, you're in the in crowd. You're on that 30 minute per lift or per whatever frequency you're doing at the moment. Can I crew? Which is I think that's a good freaking group to be a part of. But in terms of the lift, that was good. That was pretty freaking good. Recently chill. The stakes are kind of low right out with the lift, the stove. Because I'm not building new tissue. Like I'm not breaking new ground. There is the nature of dieting down losing body fat. This, I mean, that my sort of level of development is I'm trying to maintain the muscle that I've already built and just peel off the body fat that's covering it up. And the nature of muscle building is a bit easier to maintain than it is to gain. So I don't need to do three plate bent over rows or the heaviest, craziest like assisted reps to the same like beyond failure. I need to go hard, get a pump, post down and roll. Now of course I'm still, I'm still pushing it right. I'm not just going easy or anything. But the fact that I'm weaker from not eating as much food as during a bulking phase, it doesn't really change what my approach to work at is. It changes the performance metrics, but it doesn't change what I'm aiming for. I still want to pick weights which are within enough reason to have a good set. Go as hard as I can with them. Still hit failure. Still do just a couple of partial reps to really make sure I get every sort of ounce of all that good in this I can get out of them. And then repeat until I've hit the entirety of whatever muscle group I'm aiming for and have filled it up with a good amount of freaking blood, oxygen and nutrients and nitric oxide and everything else. So it's a wow, the world keeps tripping. My college edge for the oning, but freaking out and have a cardio, otherwise it gets you pretty good. So that was a crap. Yeah, what time did I clean for the gym? I think I go live in or something? Oh, good for me. Because that whole time that I was driving to the gym, doing the workout, doing the cardio. Now driving back is time that I'm not prone to overgrab because of all my sort of priorities per day right now. Cardio is up there. Obviously the lift is up there. Recovery is up there. Hydration is up there. But I'd say my number one freaking goal is not to go nuts and overshoot my calorie intake. So so far I've had about 600, I had like a 600 calorie meal pre-workout and then post-workout. I gave myself a I got two treats already made. One is two packs of flavored Greek yogurt like a low sugar. So two grams of fat, three grams of carbs, two of grams of protein each one. So two of those mix with I think two ish or three servings of like PB fit powdered peanut butter which is sort of a lower fat alternative and then I added some stevia packets to make it extra sweet. So I mix that all up together. It's waiting for me in the freezer and this is the first time I frozen it for later. So I'm really hoping that the powdered peanut butter kind of frothed it up so it's not just like a frozen block of yogurt and it's actually a little bit more ice cream but that whole bowl together is only like 300 calories. So pretty good numbers, 300 calories and 100 calories from protein. So that's pretty much what I'm aiming for. And then I've got a top round steak in the suvi. So that's where you sort of pre-season it's salt pepper. I sometimes I like to put some chicken barbecue seasoning on the steaks or whatever reason like the however they make it and I just kind of like it. But that's all in a ziplock vacuum seal. Put into a pot of water and the suvi is this little sort of like electric water heater slash regulator whatever where it keeps the water of the pot at exactly a certain temperature. So for steaks I usually put it like 128 degrees or so and then you just leave it in there for a couple hours. I'd probably say at least two at most maybe I've done as long as six you don't really get much past much past four. But what it does is now I've got a perfectly cooked steak I'm talking like actually straight perfectly cooked and all I've got to do a pat it dry and be at a little bit of extra salt pepper in case it was some of the juices kind of absorb some seasonings and then give it like a minute sear on either side boom I've got a pretty dang freaking awesome postwork out meal. A little bit on the fatty or side of things compared to that like lean ground turkey that have been grubbing on. So that is something to take into account of course every calorie every grain of fat scorbs, protein they're definitely gonna matter right now especially given how stringent I'm trying to be with everything but that will be pretty good. So it's I think it's about a pound in a quarter so that's probably gonna be the majority of my protein intake for the rest of the day or at least a good chunk of it. Then probably around seven yeah probably around seven o'clock I'll go to the apartment gym do either 30 minutes of cardio to maintain my sort of two hour today limit that I've been sick and two or if I feel good I'll just do the full hour and make today a little bit extra extra crazy with those 30 minutes so I'll just have to see that but come on you know yeah I know you've got time I know you've got time in the day to do just a little bit of cardio and frankly it didn't even feel like I was doing cardio though that whole time I was just going through a bunch of my old uh or a bunch of my light tracks putting on shuffle turn off my noise transparency so I could really get was music jam in over here so the time just passed but that's uh it's not my every team it's not my cardio that's uh that's up to you so now like I would do is go home shower off I'm freaking drenched you're gonna watch this hoodie now because it's getting some residual sweat and then just get ready for arm day tomorrow which when I was doing those pull downs at the end of the lift like those last ones where I was like been forward with the two de-handles those looked extra crazy for me because I was looking at myself in the mirror doing them and especially at the top like I could see all sorts of like little tricep fibers which I hadn't really seen before I uh I think I might start to even a couple of lifts stringer styles so we can kind of see all that uh see all that kind of stuff made lift because normally I like covering up so that I have a big sort of discrepancy between unpumped and like pumped for the post-down but yeah maybe we should bust out some uh maybe some leg days and shorts or some chest days and a stringer or something I guess we'll have to see but that's all I got I think uh I gotta start something I gotta either start watching lost or game of thrones so how about um you get you how about you guys pick you tell me if uh if that's if which one of those is gonna be a little bit better because same thing with uh with the media when you're just chilling at home I feel like I'm much more likely to get up and want to get a snack if I'm sitting just like scrolling Instagram like really doing nothing like just having enough mental engagement to want to keep me on the phone but not really watching anything of any quality like I feel like if I'm actually watching a show I'm like sort of really into it I'm not really thinking about anything else and then it's you know just to get distraction from the fact that I kind of hung real I want to go eat something so that's uh I'll keep you updated with whoever that is so you can get it's all I got man good back day tons of cardio tons more cardio to come and not a lot of food but that's uh that's kind of the theme of this next uh these next couple of weeks so I will see you for what I hope to be a freaky arm day tomorrow