It's been a while. It has been a while since the morning cardio went down earlier. So now at 2.30 it's time for chest and another hour, another hour of either straight-up seated bike or potentially a little bit of a combo of the seated bike and incline treadmill, whichever pairing ends up making more sense. But yeah, I've been waking up like crazy. My sleep schedule isn't nuts. And like not nuts in like not getting any sleep weights. Like I was about to eight got up at four. This is uh, this is getting kind of funky because I'm like, I've been finishing my cardio, coming back home. The sun isn't even up. And then I almost like go back to bed. Like I don't have to go to sleep, but just kind of sit there for a little while before it really started getting up. And it feels kind of cool. And now I don't have to deal with, you know, thinking of myself, oh crap. The gym's about to close. Yeah, nice. Nice to literally lift. This is good. It's gonna be on kind of a good consistent schedule like that. Now the meal so far, breakfast right after cardio was sick. No. Yeah, yeah, 60 grams of protein, eight ounces of a Costco turkey block chopped up in the real kind of small little cubes, ish, two soft boiled eggs. And then the pack of steamed broccoli and a cauliflower with some G-hews sugar-free barbecue sauce on top and a little bit of kind of granulated like fancy salt. Now turkey eggs broccoli, cauliflower barbecue sauce that might not sound like it would really do with for you. And I don't blame you per se, but extremely filling for only the cost of 360 calories. That's how all my meals are looking right now. Apart from the ones where I say, all right, I'm having a frozen yogurt bar. Or, or, all right, I'm gonna have a low carb, high fiber sandwich bread. With some sliced ham on top and then some melted fabric cheese, like little sort of trick foods like that. But for the most part, there's not much room for snack in the game because it's like, what's a snack? I would say on average a snack from anybody's, from anybody's sort of value system is gonna be minimum 300 calories, like 300 calories, minimum one little snack size bag of like Doritos or chips or anything. That's 200 calories right there. And odds are, you don't keep those in your pantry. You keep a full family size bag of, you know, whatever. And then you sit there for a couple of minutes. And you know, just snacking away, not a care in the world. Love it. But you just had 500 calories of chips. That's not nothing, you know. So it's not, not so much room for error. Oh, well, I'm still young because I haven't drank the pre-workout yet. I'm gonna wait until you get a little bit closer to the gym. But playing for chest, I feel really good. I got a reasonably empty stomach because after I had my meal of those kind of ham and cheese melts at like 10-ish something along those lines. I organized this laundry, took a nap, drank a bunch of like powering zeros, which I'm definitely leaning towards more than the Gatorade zeros because the Gatorade zeros still have some carbs, so that they're not zero with the heck. So I'm hydrated, I'm rested, as fed as I'm gonna be. And I feel good. I got to get out of it to everything. Everything's going well right now. I like it. And then to keep me out of the house a little bit because the longer that I'm not, you know, given immediate access to the kitchen, the less likely it is that I'm given, you know, grab some kind of tree here, grab some kind of snack here. I get a bunch of the Amazon returns. I got a setback. I got some to UPS, some dephetics, so that's the plan for after this lift. Make a couple of hit stops. And then come home for a post-worked meal of what is probably going to be. Yeah, no it's going to be. Big ass salad, salt, pepper, vinegar, side bowl, grab beef, cheese, sure, re-purbake sauce, fat free cheese, microwave, all kind of melted up together. That is going to be absolutely freaking perfect. But that's not going to be for like three and a half or so hours from now. So that is the nice thing about being at the gym I work on is I never, I'm given, I'm given deep right like this is a legit deficit. I never feel like hunger is a distracting force during the workouts themselves. Like I never come into the gym and think, oh, I'm going to break it, starve. Like I mean, you get the pre-workout, you get the caffeine in your system, you kind of amped up with it. You amped up and energized. Something about that, it's very destructive in a good way. Because I don't want to be thinking about how hungry. All that's to say is these next couple of hours when I'm working out doing the cardio, doing the chest aid, doing everything. I'm not really going to be pressed about how hungry. And that's going to be for after when I get home and I know there's all sorts of food around the state diligent. But all that's to say is within the hour, I can guarantee I'm going to have a freaking chest pump. And then I'm going to pick a bike to camp out on. I'll see you on the drive back. Let's start with some more of this incline cable press. This is a perfect start to last just a. And it's kind of classic for guys to say, you should never start the same chest aid with the same movement and the same lift with the same, look, man. If it works, it works. Obviously, change it up, but I know this is going to be a good start. Now, I just want to pair it with a good song. There it is! Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Oh, geez. I wanted to more like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Good. Oh. Oh. Let's move on. That's a perfect three opening set, though. This will be kind of a decline-ish set of flies, but it's not just lower chest. Like when I get to the bottom, I'm going to feel my whole chest flexing, but it's just a different sort of stretch when my hands are in pull-up instead of just being pulled back. And since that last press was pretty much like this, I want to kind of change up the load in a way. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Same thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's go do some incline smith. This pretty exhausting. It should feel pretty good without even needing that much weight. It's putin' out of expected it, but three plates actually feels pretty freaking reasonable. So I'm going to get it out of stuff. It's a music plan. Thank you. Not here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my god. That's just the one. I think if I keep trying to push these incline smith sets, I might feel a little too much pretty extra. No need to overload that crazy. But that's a good really heavy or stimulus style set, but I think I want to finish with the more pumping using. It's super set with like some cable press. I really don't think I need one more set. Let's go find out what it's going to be. Bentober cable press first. Wide and low on cables. Finish with some nasty flies. I'm going to skip as much of a London by Chess as possible. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Holy crap. Let's go upstairs. Let's do a little recap. Okay. Okay. Let's see how we're looking with this semi natural, semi unnatural lighting. But yeah. This is actually freaking cool. Maybe I've got to start lifting a little bit earlier so I can take advantage of this. Let me get this down just a touch. There we go. Oh. Oh. It would seem that the freaking two hours of cardio is beginning to show some results. I can see some avvines kind of creep in up my stomach. Holy crap. That's pretty freaking leg headed. But overall feel like a beast. The situations are coming in quite freaking nicely. Okay. Holy crap. That is a cool side tricep for me when you hit that little better. Oh my goodness. That's so much here. I'm detecting a touch of tricep striations on the left side. Nothing wild. And they need bigger triceps to see in things like chest, grain level on those. But the forms. They've definitely got some detail. All this kind of fancy in this here on the back. You know what I attribute that to. It's not back days with those straps. It's sitting around camp and out with like a 20 pound dumbbell just doing these reverse curls. And then of course this sort of you know bottom side. That's kind of bent over dumbbell action or like single arm cable or double arm cable. Little things like that. But let's I don't want to leave. Let's just do keep doing a couple more poses here. Oh, you're missing. Oh, you're missing. Oh, you're missing. Oh, you're missing. Oh, you're missing. The deficit, the cardio. It is freaking working. So speaking of cardio. That's what I got to get back up there and do. Put a, put a spare shirt on so I don't have to go home drenched. And I'll see you in the car in about one freaking hours time. Okay. I am tired. I'm cold. It's early. It's winter time. Let's say you're trying to get serious about your diet so you're not even a ten of food. So you take all those negative factors and you add on top of it. Just being generally hungry. Yeah, not awesome to do cardio and right. Hopefully I'm not looking forward to my cardio at all lucky for me. I already did it. It's over the seated bike. So when I say seated bike, I mean the one where the pedals are like in front of your feet. Backpacks too heavy. I think it's a person. I mean the one when the pedals are like in front of you and you're sitting down kind of in more of a reclined kind of state. That's what I mean when I say seated bike. So the cardio for today was just a regular one where the pedals are beneath me. But whatever, in any of the work amount pretty much freaking perfectly. So camped out had a bunch of explore with us. We got a EWTrucrime stories plan. Those are really good way for me to pass the time. And then now I'm going to go back home. The sun is not even freaking up which does make you feel kind of cool. I mean if you've never done it before. There is a little bit of just general coolness factor of doing something extra early like that. Haven't done because it's, you know, they clippin' Mike Tyson. When he's talking about training and for whatever and he gets up at 4am and the ride, he's like, you know, I'm training one of everybody else to sleep at. There's definitely some kind of little hype sense to that for sure. Like you just feel like you're more productive. But what I was getting at was with the cardio in the morning. Like if you're going to lock into it if you're going to add that to the routine. Do it asap. That's that's one little sort of tidbit about having like a cardio bike at like, your apartment gym that's really close to where you live. Or if you've got like a piece of cardio equipment at the basement or your living room or wherever. Be it treadmill or if you want to go out on a jog if that's your thing. I'm more of a stationary cardio kind of guy myself. But you know, you do you do it as soon as possible in the morning. Because the sooner you start at the sooner it's over in the sooner it's a down in the sooner you get the sale. Nice. Because I was kind of derailed myself. But what I've meant in the car earlier were when I was just saying like, I'm tired, I'm sleepy, I'm hungry, I'm cold, I'm everything. You got to rip the band it off man. Make this shit happen. Because then now he gets a chill. I mean, I was camping out in the car for like 15 minutes. Just scroll it, it's your grab. Wake it through to heat up. This is very nice. Yeah. This is a good feeling. So now I get to go back home. Lay around and bed for a little bit before I really get ready to get up and do all my stuff. And then I've got back later today. So I kind of, oh yeah. I did not end up recording the drive back from chest because I was really in a rush. Because after I finished the hour cardio after that chest workout, I barely made it to the FedEx store in time. They closed at 6. I made it there at about 5. 55 returned like a pair of converse that didn't fit me that I ordered. And like a pair of snow boots. Then I had to make it over to the UPS store. Another 25-ish minute away. And they closed at 6.30. But I managed to make it there in time as well. So finished all my post workout chores. And then now it's the next day. So chest-wise, I really don't feel much chest that much. In terms of any kind of like crazy soreness. And it doesn't surprise me because I didn't really do any insane, you know, chest-destroying work. I mean, I went hard, I got a pump. I did do some heavy sets. I really just had one set of inclined Smith. But that's all I'm really aiming for. Right? I need a pump, I need muscular stimulation to maintain all the beef I've got built up already. And then, I was about to say little things like this. Things like the cardio and the deficit. Those are what's improving my sort of rate of fat loss because lowering the food intake gradually over time. Right? Decreasing the calorie intake as well as increasing my weight. My energy expenditure throughout the day by adding the cardio. What that does is it widens or at least maintains this gap between food that I eat down here. And energy that I burn up here. And this gap is filled by my body's burning of the body fat. I've got stored up all around to maintain regular raps for the function, you know? Because if your body has to run off of 2000 calories per day, just to, you know, keep you alive. And a lot of that is a very passive act on your part. I mean, most of the calories that I'm burning every day, it isn't from the cardio. And it's not from the workouts. It's just, you know, keeping all the muscle of God on my body oxygenated and pumping blood and pumping out heat. Because I mean, as much as you feel like you're really pushing it, your body's actually more of a heat engine. That it is anything else. I mean, I'm talking, I think it's what, like 70% of the energy that you burn every day is just in generating heat. You know, we're freaking warm blood of it. So all that's to say is, if I want to continue to get leaner, then I'm going to make sure. Well, I keep this gap as wide as wide as I can maintain. Because if you try to go too crazy too quick and, you know, you go from even a regular ass diet of whatever you're hungry for, to now try to, like, completely starve yourself off the rip, then there's no, there's no, there's no, there's the word I'm thinking of here. It's no surprise that, you know, people kind of give up on dieting, like extra soon and quick, because a lot of the times when people think about dieting, the stigma is okay. You can not eat anything that you like, you only have to eat chicken, you only have to eat or you only get to eat, like chicken broccoli, you know, freaking vegetables with salt pepper, and, you know, people kind of approach that a little gung-ho at times, or it's like, alright, I'm getting, I'm going to get real here. And then really all the end of doing it, starving themselves, like they eat nothing, they try to basically just fast as long as possible. And then it's like, oh man, I can't deal with this. It's like, yeah, no wonder man, you just drop your calmer intake by 2000, you know, you only need a marginal deficit, like, when guys talk about how difficult the dieting is or, man, you just can't seem to lose anybody fat man. It's not like you have to completely kill it on a daily basis, like eating zilch. I think it's really just a lack of information, because nobody learns about dieting, like, even the food classes in school are pretty rudimentary. They barely get into it or like the food in health classes, because if you wanted to get leaner or take a guy and, you know, have him start burning body fat, all you would have to do is decrease his average calmer intake. If he's just staying the exact same weight, all you'd have to do is reduce calmer intake by 10%. Just a 10% drop, I mean, nothing too crazy. And then if you're consistent with that, then the dude would get freaking lean. The problem is most diets are regulated purely based on natural instinct, which usually works fine. Eat when you're hungry, don't eat when you're not hungry. You're good, you know? But if you want to make changes to your body's kind of composition, you want to get bigger, you want to get leaner, then you kind of have to fight that instinct and, if you're trying to bulk up, you got to eat when you're not that hungry. Or if you're trying to cut down, you've got to not eat when you're hungry. And it is much easier said than done, I can assure you. You know, I'm definitely getting reasonably skilled and proficient at like sticking to these diets and making crazy, like, bulking to dieting kind of phases and everything. But it's definitely not like a passive activity, especially with the deficit now. I mean, this is taking a pretty good amount of my sort of focus to make sure I don't just go completely off the freaking rails. But I think that's all I got to say there. I can tell I'm running a low blood sugar. Because I haven't eaten anything yet, right? That was an hour of fasted cardio a little bit more. Well, not necessarily more productive by any means. It's really a mildly motivation for not eating anything pretty cardio is, I've only got so much food to eat. I'd rather eat it later in the day. Like for me to eat 500 calories before this cardio, I mean, it might make me feel full for a little bit. But I would end up just being extra hungry and later because for me at least once I open the floodgates, once I start getting some calories in, then like, likely good that I want to come back and eat something within the hour, a ton of like increases. It's not as hard for me to wait until like you can tend to, you know, to have meal number one. And then usually I'll try to stretch that for as long as possible before meal number two. Go lift, go do cardio, come back, try to do some, somehow, sort of just to keep my hands busy. Then have meal number three and have hopefully at least 600 or 650 calories left for a pre bed meal. Because going to bed hungry, that is a challenge for me. I find that very difficult. Like if I'm, let's say, I mean, you know, 21 hundred calories, which I've kind of been bouncing around. Like it's, I think the sweet spot I'm hitting right now is about 21ish 22. I was trying to, I was doing two for a couple of days, but I think that was a little too low, so kind of 21ish. But let's say I mean, 2000 just for argument sake. If I hit that 2000 mark at six o'clock in the afternoon and now I have to go until 10 or whatever, go to sleep and eat nothing else, that's extremely hard for me. The likelihood that I'm going to say, I got to eat something. Even if it's just like a little, like I try to be as calorie smart as I can with it and just eat like a bowl of steamed broccoli with some chicken, the barbecue sauce or whatever. Like it's still calories at the end of the day. Like that's very hard for me to do. So it's much easier. If I save calories for later and kind of allocate most of my intake for later in the day into the night, because then I get to go to bed with, I mean, sometimes a really full stomach. Like last night I went to bed and I was like, I almost ate till I felt sick and not because I ate like so much food. It's because I got to leave myself a good amount and still hit my calorie limit and have a big ass bowl of salad. Side of ground beef, fat free cheese, sugar free G. He was barbecue sauce, which frankly the the hickory smoked one. I got a couple of comments saying I should try that instead of the standard barbecue. Did not care for it. You guys totally put me off. I should have just got more of the regular one. But it's, it's neither here nor there. All advices get, you just get a, can't learn from it. But I get to eat a pretty substantially sized meal. Not in terms of calories, but in terms of its overall volume. And I get to go to bed feeling good. I mean, I slept like a freaking baby because for me, going to bed with a full stomach. It's just a lot more enjoyable than going to bed. Kind of rolling over trying to keep myself from getting out and going to the pantry. And it's always, it's just a bad situation to pull myself in. Because then I'm going to feel bad that I went up to the kitchen. I was a clown. I just over ate by 400 calories a shit. It should have been smarter about my calories during the daytime. So if you're just aiming for regular kind of casual fat loss, not that it's like regular and casual, you don't have to be on it 100% of the time. Like I've definitely had some days. Even this diet where I went like totally freaking bananas. I got to go through all my calorie, all my attractive calories, and show off like a couple of... A couple of pretty insane spikes that happen. There was only two, but they were pretty big in terms of my calorie intake as refeats. Maybe a little bit over-recent. But what I... Oh, every so often, you can have a day like that. But obviously, the more that you can be consistently actually in your calorie deficit, your results are going to show. And that's where the scale is really your best friend. Because there's a lot of nuance to it. Even the nutrition labels on all sorts of foods and like protein bars and everything else. Like I used to love carb master, Chuck the Nome. It was... The macros were awesome. I could have like two full cups of what tasted like regular Chuck the milk. And it was like just really good. And it said it was only like 100 calories. Or, you know, I forget the macros exactly. But I could tell I was drinking a lot of it because of the calories, Macros are sweet, love it. And I would like cease to lose weight consistently. Like I would wake up slightly heavier. And like I could tell, I think they're totally BS in those calorie numbers. So, given that, sometimes you might think that you're eating this much, but really you're eating this much because of random discrepancies. And we'll not random intentional by the company right? Because in some way it saves that money. But if you can look at the scale and watch your weight progress consistently over time, or look back over averages, then that can really kind of indicate to you. Okay, I am on track. The calories and the foods that I've been eating haven't been working. Let's keep this up. Or, I've been trying to, you know, get under 240 or get under 220 or whatever. And I just can't seem to do it. What that means is this discrepancy between energy burned and energy consumed. It's not large enough if even present at all. So, that should be a cue if the scale isn't changing. You've got to either increase cardio or decrease calories. And typically the best answer is going to be a little bit of a box. Right? More cardio, plus less calories, more body fat burned. So, that's all I got to say there. But I'll end up seeing you tomorrow for what I hope to be a pretty dang freaky back pump. And I'm going to add some rear delts and a little bit of side delts as well, just for freaky. Well, not just for kids, but I mean, I haven't really needed to thrash shoulders in quite a while there of it over-develops, relative to my arms and chest and anything else. They get a little bit of a back seat when it comes to the lift. But that's all I got to say. I will see you for back.