Alright, not so much bright and early, more like freaking dark and early. I'll set my alarm for 5 o'clock, 515, and then 6. I kinda thought I was gonna sleep through the first two, but load behold, last is up. Yeah, it feels way cooler doing your cardio extra early. It doesn't change anything. I'm still gonna burn my regular 30 minutes and 300 or so calories. But there is kind of a cool misfactor of getting up extra early. Everybody else is asleep, well you're grind. But on a more real note, you just keep it better schedule like that. This is nice. So one little trick that helps me wake up a touch earlier. Even part of it is you just have to want to. When your alarm goes off, you kinda, well I don't even tell you this, you know. But you gotta have something you wanna do when you wake up. So, it's for each or two. What? I got a bunch of cold brew coffee like in the tub. You know, it's like a leader, leader in the half or so. Just plain cold brew coffee. And I had a bunch of zero calories, sweetener and cream. So that maze will have 250 milligrams of caffeine worth of, like a goddamn Starbucks drink. But, you know, not in a Starbucks cup. In a freaking empty gallon jug. Honestly, it felt kind of, well, tasted pretty good. But whether that was from, you know, that little kind of extra steps to make it a drink in the morning. Have it a monster or what I really think is the best is just get a little caffeine capsules. So instead of having to, you know, make something or, you know, a freaking monster is like two bucks. Which, whatever, but I mean, if you do want to a day for a long time, that kind of shit has up, you know. And it's like, Jesus Christ. You go back over your, you go back over your, like, if you could see your product specific spending for like a whole year. It's like, what the hell? Let's say, let's say, so it needs to two monsters a day. It's like, like, a $1,500 that year on monsters. Oh, but yeah, so I tried to just slam one of those instantly. Somehow get some caffeine in my system and have some kind of tub of water next to, with electrolytes typically. So a leader, so, a leader, so some kind of electrolytes water paired with something caffeinated, or even just like a little 200-millimeter caffeine capsule. That's what I try to get down basically instantly. So I already had that ready, makes it all, I mean, that little coffee thing tonight. But I had that water jug with the electrolyte makes already ready. So as soon as I get up instantly, sit up, slam it, then move on. But, plan for, yeah, plan for today after this cardio, just trying to have a bit of an earlier chest day later. And then let's do some, let's do a little bit of pose and down as well. So this will be a good baseline look. And it's pretty drastic how, uh, well, forgive me for the on-hand edge of wake up. But it's pretty drastic how different I can look, unpumped in the morning versus pumped up later tonight. Like to the point where it's pretty fucking serious change. You know, so I think I'm gonna, I'll try to do the exact same poses. So I'll do the same like front-lats, front-lats, front-side chest and stuff, and I'll line them up side by side. I guess I don't want to spoil it, so I'll save that for the chest pump later after the actual workout. But, I mean, not only veins wise, but physically wise. Pretty crazy. So that's where it's, you know, it's like as good of a reference for my leanness as the little check-ins are unpumped underfed, like just waking up. It's not exactly doing me the same justice as looking at yourself extra pumped up, at least in a like a bodybuilding show context. Because you don't just roll into there completely flat, and you know, just hop up like mountain like you do kind of, you do got some pumping up activations in the beginning. So that's where even though I feel like my chest is a little bit behind, relative to everything else. As they chest and arms are, some two parts I really want to bring up over the course of time. If it just gets a pump it up specifically, then you can kind of counteract that, you can counteract that weakness because you can simply make it fucking bigger. At least for a little bit. But don't get too fooled by looking at yourself pumped up, right? Try to stay reasonably grounded because it's crazy in sick as it is to see yourself fully vainly, vascularized, but just striations or whatever. And depending on how lean you are, you can have like much more detail when you're pumped up versus unpumped. So don't forget men, you are just you, right? That's pretty much as true as you can fucking say. But with a little more explanation, it's like you just need to take in the consideration the full context of, you know, wherever you are and keep that in mind if you're judging yourself based on how you look at the time. Right? Because not only just on a pump to buy unpumped basis, I think some guys get a bit. You get really say spoiled by seeing themselves fully pumped up and extra cool lighting and, like ever, you got to, you physically took pre-workout, which makes you more vainly and gives you extra kind of blood flow and everything else. It's like, yeah, obviously you're going to look extra crazy. But then you come back to, you know, your regular normal walk around and kind of look. And that doesn't take away from the fact that you look extra crazy when you're pumped up, but don't make it feel like you're coming, don't make your pumped up state feel like normal. And then you have to like come down to an unpumped version where you're going to call a feeling shit right now. It's like, no, man, you should feel normal just walking around. You should feel extra crazy when you're pumped up. And that's, of course, that's going to be easier for me to say, get some already, that's such like a vass level. But even when I was younger, like I never looked at myself unpumped as like 160 pounder and thought like fuck. Oh, it's my last or way too small. It's like, even if I did think that, I knew that I was working out and, you know, eating my food. I wasn't so good about meal tracking back to that, but I did know. And part of it was maybe just like delusion. I wasn't based on anything, but I was pretty convinced from the get-go, like right in the beginning. The harder I work out and the longer I work out, the bigger I'm going to get. So I'm just going to keep that up for as long as necessary. And so far we're six years deep and apparently I still haven't satisfied that need for more softness. And it doesn't look like it's going to be satisfied for at least a considerable while longer. So I, yeah. I don't know exactly what I was thinking right in the beginning, but I definitely had no idea that this is going to take me down. This exact path, which I'm on now, but I am fucking grateful for it. So speaking of that, it's Thanksgiving, right? It's Thanksgiving, but it's time this video will be posted. So yeah, I'll get into, I'll get into a bit more of it in the specific things you've talked. I totally forgot about that. But either way, I'm going to go pop a squat on the Recome Ben Bike, or if it's taken, I will just do the regular seated bike or something for 30 minutes. And then let's just jump straight to the straight to the yoga room. Get some, get some un pumped posing done. All right. 35 minutes in change. Not the hardest thing in the world. I got a little bit of sweat going on, but part of that was because I had to use the seated bike. So instead of kind of having a recline position, I was standing a little bit more upright. So it almost makes you, I guess it's almost like I got more ventilation coming up the shirt. Because on the seated bike, I'm almost laying back a little bit because the pedals are more in front of you. And it kind of shuts off all my kind of interest shirt air flow, meaning the extra sweaty. I should have brought shorts for a little bit of a good little more kind of leg exposure, but what do you want to do? So 35 minutes, 300 in something calories. I'm not running the marathon here. I'm not doing anything too crazy. It's crazy enough to break its wet. It's crazy enough to get my heart up. I'm not just, it is like an active thing. I'm not sitting here like completely mindless. Having a difficulty set at two. And then doing that for 30. It's not going to cut it. It will take a little bit of effort. But it's nothing like a fucking run, man. This is not like do eight laps on the track. It's just pedal. My heart rate's probably actually, I think I might need to start up in the intensity. So I can get up in maybe like the 140 range. But I'm floating around like 135 for the full 35 minutes. That's about right. So it's not a, I don't have like a formula. But usually what I stick to is about 30 minutes or so baseline. That's bulking or cutting down at a difficulty where if I pedal at like a regular specific, I end up pedaling like 85 RPM. Ish. I pick a difficulty where I burn. Early with the machine says I burn is 10 calories a minute. And then 30 minutes 300 calories. That just feels about right. You know, it's some machines are going to be a little bit harder. Like if you can tell you're using the same settings like difficulty nine, 80 RPM and your pedaling and you're not feeling anything, then you wouldn't want to up it a little bit. But that's for, I guess that's only a tip for anybody who's already doing their cardio. So it might be a smaller percentage than I would like. But let's, let's run through a couple of impose. So even just standing like trying to, yeah, totally abs like reasonably relax. The apartment just like the activation of standing up. And we're getting somewhere. I'm, I got to, I got to go back and get a look at a clip of like the beginning of this dieting phase. But just standing here. Yeah, we are looking far leaner. Plus getting into a little bit more of a like wide shoulders relax pose. Yeah, it's sweet. So instantly, what's the start of dieting down? And it dropped like 12 pounds. That was not like in a week. That was not 12 pounds of fat. Those are not 12 pounds of water only. And it wasn't just 12 pounds of muscle either. Half of what it was. That's at least five or so pounds over the course of those couple days. We're just extra kind of food, flow and enemy. You know, because if you're eating upwards of 5,000, you know, into the five and a half, thousands calories per day, it's kind of just a constant stated digestion. You know, even throughout the night into the morning, if I'm eating a ton of food, I ain't up still having something like residually working my way through me. So after a few days of, you know, a more chill intake, like 25, 3000ish. Yeah, probably come back 3000 in the beginning of this dieting phase. Now my stomach's much more empty, right? Like I got nothing in there. So that's one boost for anything posing related. If you got an empty stomach, that's when you're going to want to practice a vacuum. But we'll have what we talk about that in a second. Just run through your supposes in here. So I'm trying to get my arms in like the exact same angle to each other. Sometimes I got a tendency of leaving this right one out a little more like this. So that's where this little camera set up helps a lot because I'm kind of copying like a posing room set up. Is that what I really love. There's this mirror and then I love one behind me overhead a little bit of downward angle. Because then I'd be able to see myself backward, same thing over here. So if you ever look back at your posing shots and then maybe you set up your tripod or something. And you're like a little off kilter or maybe you get a little lean. Having a little reflector like that is going to help. So no one legit benefit of busting out the tripod. You know you put it in front of you selfie camera facing the mirror. For any back pose, if you've got it like maybe right here above your like shooting through this gap between your head and your arm. You can adjust those little nuances. And as much as it's like you can look at the picture in the just seeing yourself while you're doing one of those. Very different because it's so much easier, you know, but yeah back is getting considerably leaner, especially. All this freaking is where it's separating like lower erectors to where my lap like actually inserts. I'm getting really excited to be like peeled in the back because I'm definitely lean. But especially like down here, there's a pretty pinchable layer of stuff which right now is only serving to like muffle all this kind of fanciness down here right in the waist. And as these weeks pass, every pound that I continue to lose is going to be more impactful into like the fucking freak factor because I mean, I've referenced this before. If you've got to lose a hundred pounds of fat. If you lose one pound, that's only a one percent change. But after you've lost enough to the point where maybe you're in the 20 pounds of excess fat range, one pound of fat now that's a 5 percent change. You get down and you got 10 pounds of fat left that you want to get off like you're getting lean now. Every pound they lose is a 10 percent boost in your leanness. So it's, that's probably one of the only things in training where the more advanced you get. The faster the rate of return ends up being. But it's also trickier because of course, obviously to lose any amount of weight is going to be a little bit hard. And those last few pounds are definitely a bit lose or they're a bit harder to lose. So greater reward, not greater risk, but like more difficulty to get it. But let me do, let's see what else is there. Oh, and then maybe yeah, yeah vacuum or am I thinking, and then after this we get into here. So this is where I'm really trying to blow all the air out of my, out of my lungs, not only like regular, but I kind of crunch down. And I really sense my abs and it kind of just helps squeeze those last little bits out. There's every breath you can blow out means more of a deeper vacuum and a crazier ratio of your waist to shoulder. And in terms of executing it. It's really just practice, you know, everyone knows how to like kind of suck in their stomach a little. So if you just keep doing it with a little more, a little more, you will get used to it. But if you ever try to practice that in the morning before you beat anything is the time. I would never even want to try a crazy vacuum with a full stomach, you just wouldn't even work like I'd sit here like. I said, I'd have too much food in here to even, to even move it around. Oh my goodness, alright. Cardio complete. Bad ass, pumpless, pose down complete. So now I just get to go home, eat a couple of meals. And then how about I meet you in the car on the way to chest in a couple hours. How to do a little, how to do a little check to make sure there's still open. Yeah, regular hours, regular freaking hours tomorrow be a little different. Because tomorrow will really be Thanksgiving. So I guess if you're watching this video that I got posted tomorrow for me is today for you. We give the gist, but yeah, so I'm going to try not to go too crazy. I guess I should talk about tomorrow now. But when it comes to the Thanksgiving meal, I really meals, can't imagine around a couple. I'm not going to go crazy, I'm not going to go insane. And that may sound me even saying that may sound kind of wild. I'll get a lot of comments where it's Sam. Why would you ever want to do a dieting phase during the holiday season? How the hell are you going to do it? Because you got Thanksgiving, you got Christmas, you got New Year's, you got anything else in between where eating a lot of food is pretty much part of the fucking course. And you would be right, you definitely not wrong. But what the heck, man? Just because everybody else is doing something doesn't mean you have to. It gets kind of tricky, that's for sure. I mean peer pressure is not a negligible component of your day, but there are tricks. There are little tricks that I'm going to employ to make sure I don't completely blow my calorie deficit out of the water. So for one, I only have, actually doing a couple days of Thanksgiving. I've got like the first day up to, I think, the third day of Thanksgiving kind of spread across a few. But my plan to at least make sure I get to have a reasonably sized meal is to save calories for later. It's not going to kill me to do like 500 calories as a later in the day like pre-work at meal. So let's say I worked out a four clock. I might skip breakfast, skip everything, like drinks and water and electrolytes of course actually still be hydrated. But only have my first meal at like two. 500 maybe make it 600 so it's reasonably sized. I just that sort of, you know, kind of reap the benefits of getting some extra carbs into my system. Go hit whatever that lift is. We're just going to be back. And then come back straight to Thanksgiving dinner. You know, because I can work out a four, that's probably not really even going to be back in shower and then going to my parents house until like six or maybe even six thirty seven when it's kind of a bad to start. And then I've got 2,000 calories left in the tech or so. And a 2,000 calorie plate is very large. I don't even anticipate eating a 2,000 calorie plate. I'll definitely eat a good chunk. I've used at least my level of guest-dominating skills on like how many grams of fats and carbs and proteins I'll eat. But by saving some calories from earlier the day until later I can kind of, you know, even though it might feel like a big plate of food right then, if you didn't really eat much beforehand, it's not going to be that trick, you know? So one more thing is when I actually get to my Thanksgiving plate, it is going to be very protein focused. You know, I'm talking a lot of turkey. I'm talking a lot of ham. I'm talking a lot of maybe just some kind of green vegetable. Maybe I'll have my mom make it kind of broccoli. Go, go real bodybuilders style. Have a huge ass. I'll have broccoli next to the protein stew. And then I'll have to back off in the devil's eggs a little bit. I'll still have a couple. Historically, I have my sister will take pictures of me sometimes. Or I've got a full size dinner plate. And half of it down the middle is like, you know, basically six whole eggs with the devil eggs. So like 12 of them in a little spread. Cut that down to like two, so four halves. But it can be done. It doesn't have to be so crazy. And, you know, if you really don't want to think about it, there is value in finding a ratio where you can actually stick to a legit deficit for however long. And then every so often, you can say to yourself, okay, I don't want to worry about calories today. I just want to eat what I'm hungry for. You don't go too crazy and do like a 10,000 calorie fucking challenge. If you eat an extra, you know, 1,500 calories above your deficit, like one day out of like the month. Or like one day out of every three weeks. And I know that doesn't, that sounds pretty sparse, which you definitely is. You can do that. You know, you're not going to immediately gain four pounds of fat. Really on a refeed day like that. Game much fat at all. All you'll really end up doing is filling back up with carbs and glycogen and water. At least as long as you didn't eat like an extra, you know, 10,000 calories above your maintenance. So, you know, you'll fill back up. You will gain some weight that morning. You might be two or three pounds heavier. But it's nothing that can't be sort of tuned back into your routine. Frankly, I do a refeed every so often. Usually I just time it to when I'm feeling like that. And I'm like, oh, how do you eat something? I'm fucking sure. Let's make today a refeed. Which usually is only like once a month at the, at the high end. But I haven't even really done one of those yet. And I'm almost a month and number two. No. But there is a value to it. You can't have to get your metabolism going again. Not that it ever stops. But you can't have a ramp up. So you're adding, you know, putting a few more sticks into the fire. It's going to burn a little bit hotter for a second. But what I don't like to see is The abuse of the word refeed Because, you know, somebody could say they're dieting. And it's a very easy excuse to just completely blow your deficit out of the water and tell yourself, and I really do mean tell yourself, guys, you're kind of lying themselves. I'll just make today a refeed day. Yeah, yeah, I had a couple refeed days last week. I'm still locked in them. I'm still getting leaner. Yeah, I think it's time for a refeed. Dude, the guy's not even dieting anymore. You know, he might do a few days of a deficit. But I think, yeah, it's not that crazy to say that a week of good dieting, you know, a week of a, basically 300 or so calorie deficit every day. So what that would mean is, like, if you're eating 20, let's say you need a 2500 calories a day to stay the exact same weight. Like, if you eat 2500 today, you will not gain weight, you will not lose weight. That's your maintenance. So if for a whole week, you're in a 300 calorie deficit, then across that week. Now, you basically just burned 3000 calories, ish on or from your internal energy stores, right? Your fats. Like, policies. If that burning, you know? So that's about a pound. A good way of measurement is usually 3000 calories or so, is about a pound of body fat. You know, so if you picked it, or no, no, no, no, no, no, my sin. 2,100 calories, yeah, week is not 10 days long. But if you're in a 300 calorie deficit for a whole week, seven whole days, you just burned 2100 calories from internal energy stores, from your fats. If that next day, you went crazy and you had a 45, a 4500 calorie day. You just completely blew your deficit, now you're way over, you know? Because when you're dining down, it's not just about how hard you dieted for one day or two days. There's three to, even five fucking days. It's about your prolonged average. So if for this entire, what's 50 divided by seven? That's seven. Seven in change. If for these last seven weeks, deficit, Monday through Saturday. And then Sunday, I just ate whatever I wanted to had a ton of food. I wouldn't have lost any fucking weight. I'd still be sitting at like 252, 255 or so. Like not bulking weight, but just maintain maintenance weight. Because if you looked at the average, I wouldn't be in a deficit. I'd still just be eating a calorie maintenance. So there are tricks to go about it. You know, there are insane. There's a lot of value to like eating specific meals and getting the low calorie buns and diet sodas and like saving breakfast for a little later in the day, shortening or eating window, biasing more filling foods. But you can't get around being hard on yourself in the sense that there is no work around being in a deficit. You know, increase your cardio, of course, that's going to help. Maybe increase your frequency of the gym. And by that, I mean, if you're lifting three times a week, if you started lifting four or five, you would be burning more energy throughout the week. That would help increase your average energy expenditure. But apart from, you know, increasing your activity level, the only fucking method I feel is controlling your calorie intake. So if you can't do it, then you got to figure out how. You know, and it's funny. I was just reading the comment by somebody. It was like, what the fuck happened to Sam? He used to eat so much fucking shit. And now he's like crazy strict. What happened? Well, dude, what happened is I'm dieting. You know, I'm kind of, it's like when I flip the switch, it flips pretty hard because bulking up. Like, I'm not, I'm in no way, am I saying this is the greatest method ever, right? But, me historically, if you eat enough food, you will start to gain fucking weight. You know, whether it's from the occasional canyac combo with some extra tenders, or if you're just doing straight rice and chicken, like a baller, if you eat enough food, you're going to keep growing. So, you know, I leaned, at least I have leaned a bit more towards the dirty side of things. My bulks are getting a bit cleaner, and I am starting to see the benefits. Just less stress on my whole system and my gut, and everything else. Like, the, all the, and if you've ever said like, Sam, you got to start eating more like conventional bodybuilders, style meals, like plain ingredients, oats, rice, potatoes. You're totally fucking right. You know, that is, it definitely helps. But it's still a question of if you eat enough food, you're going to grow. And if you stay within a certain limit of food, you're going to get leaner. It's no way around it. So, if you can flip the switch like that, it is going to do you good. Plus, it's, I almost feel like the harder you bulk, the easier it is to die down. Because for this first month of the dieting, it didn't even feel like I was trying it. Like, the first month of this dieting phase is just like a fucking relief, because I didn't have to eat so much food, because I was getting, like I was getting sick of it, it was just too much. So, it's like, it's like a little yin and yin kind of up and down, Evan Flow sort of thing. Because it's like, I bulk hard enough to the point where I'm like, so done with it that I'm ready to get into a deficit. And then I die down, usually hard enough, where at the end of it, I'm like, all right, I'm really ready to get bulk it up now. So there's never too much of a low, which, which is done me pretty. But in a, in a calorie talk, what's my plan for chest? I do have a plan. I at least I have, what was it about to say? Well, I've got a basic plan. You know, I've got an outline. It's, uh, some pressing of some variety, probably Smith machine, some cable, converging press with an inclined bench as such. And then some fly base movements, you know, and I might change the order things, but at its core, those are going to be the primary movements. And I'll still get these comments. It's like, you only did one heavy press. I mean, you know, I did like three sets of it. What's the, I don't think I'm going to get more out of chest if I do, like, two sets of inclined Smith, then two sets of hammer strength press, then two sets of dumbbell bench, then do like, do you pressing movement? Go hard, of course. But after I've done three or so sets of a heavy press, sometimes for if for whatever reason I've got some extra kind of strength and endurance on that day. But usually three at least in this deficit, it's like, okay, let's move on to something a bit more, direct squeezing, because I can feel my chest on a press. But I can feel it a lot more. I'm like a cable squeezing kind of press, or a peck fly kind of thing. So, I mean, your bicep does your chest doesn't know that it's doing a dumbbell bench, or if it's doing a Smith venture barbell, it knows if it's getting wrecked. So, if you want to have a workout where you do ten different movements, if you're fully pumped at the end of it, and you're growing, you're good. But usually I like to keep it a little bit simpler. And then that helps me keep the workout moving a little faster, because all the time that you're unloading machines, and loading machines, and moving from this to that to here, and then you're waiting for this guy to be done. It, you know, just taking time and energy away from what you should be focusing on. You've set by set basis, f***ing hype. But no more chatting. Let's just get started. No lift off of nothing. I think I might have like 12. I'll see you here. Okay. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Yeah, let's go. Whoop. Probably there's one more of those. Yeah. Yeah, still going on. That's enough of that. Reasonably light. Very squeeze focused. And I want to get a beep stretch at the bottom. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One more. Same weight. Same freaking weight. No. Yeah. Cool. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Go. Let's see one more a little lighter then move on to some kind of fly. move on. All right, let's do some flies. Let's do some heavy-ish bent-over flies. Much more pumping style fashion, because after those heavy sets of pressing, and then the solid squeezing stretch-focused sets of the cable press, my primary concern right now is to give as much blood in my Texas possible. And some good stretch flies with a hard squeeze, I like it. I most certainly fucking like it. Wait within a reason, but still reasonably have to do. All right. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Yeah, okay. All right. Yeah. That was good. Next, it'll be a slightly different execution. But honestly, I didn't get after that. I could, yep. Let's do some early style flies first, and then finish with some deep-lying flies, sort of as a super-setting style action. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Money make this a triple drop set. No. That's good. Oh. Yeah. Let's go pose this shit down, man. We done. Just completes. Just complete to a satisfactory degree. He thought it was going to say, saddest, ethonth factory degree. Try not to, I promise. I don't swear so much in regular life. Something about the one on one here just gets me going. But basically exactly what I predicted. Heavy pressing, squeezing pressing, and then fly base stretched up at the end. Guess what? That is a certain recipe. That's a recipe for a freaking pump. And let's just say it's time to pull out of the oven and see what we're working with. And as these lifts progress, or at least chest-wise. My chest will only continue to get more and more separated and vein-y and, like, and strike-y. And everything else under the sun. I'm excited for it. But I mean, I kind of, that goes with that saying. So let's just, let's see what we're working with. Oh. Oh, yeah. I promised that it'd be far just then, as little like armpit action. And then, I'm going to do this. Oh, okay. That was officially the vanias pose of this diet. I've seen fucking stars after that. Be careful about doing a flex where you really won't your breath. I'm fucking squeeze like that. Especially after hard lifts. And if you're carb-depleted from having dieted down, you need fucking pass out for real. I've taken a wobbly step after a, you know, vani can pump, pump-check like that. So be mindful, be mindful, not joke. That's why the deadlift, you guys. They'll finish your deadlift and then, okay. Just a little bit of, hmm. What you call that? Rapid onset hypoxia? Not exactly, but whatever. So one of us says they're chest-wise. Maybe just classic double-buy. Oh, man. All right. Let's get one more little relax, most muscular. I know what you have here. So shoulders are beginning to get more and more straightened, which is good for me. And that will just continue to kind of increase and freaking this factor as time progresses. So right now it's kind of just in a waiting game, you know? I'm dropping weight at the rate that I want. I'm staying, you know, a size that I'm comfortable with. Let's just keep going, man. You know? Spea, slow, but smooth. And smooth as fast. So let's get in the car and discuss some other tantalizing topic. There we go. That was good. That, that wasn't just good. That was freaking crazy. Especially with that breath-holdy flex at the end. That gap. That small softness factor. Separating, you know, separating veins and muscle from skin of some, let's just say, some adipose tissue, right? Some fat. The thinner that gets, the freaky of this diet, will get. And I've never been diced. Like, I've been lean. Like, I've been pretty lean. But I've never been like, even close to like, show kind of ready diced. So that's part of the plan for this, for the next few months, just to get to that level. And I don't mean part of the plan, like, you know, an arbitrary sense, like, maybe maybe not. That is the plan. So, we'll just have to keep riding out. See, exactly how far this should go. But, you're ready for some kind of something. And it is right. It's not even like a prediction. It's simply an observation. You know, so postwork at a meal, not really sure. But I know it'll be something with a good chunk of protein. Might just do some, might just do some ground beef and rice, man. It works, you know, no reason to complicate it any further than that. But, we'll just have to see. I did a breakfast, with a pack of ramen, with 50 grams of protein, worth of egg whites. And a little bit of red hot, wing sauce. Fat free. Well, might have like half a gram of fat per serving. But that was good. That was pretty good. And you might say, see, you are never going to get lean. If you eat a pack of fucking instant ramen. Well, for one thing, it's just not true. But, you know, you're, I'm not going to say you're wrong. And, would it have been better? Would I have had a better workout? If I had 50 grams of carbs from, like a sweet potato, with those, with those egg whites, maybe. But, do I think it would be very noticeable? Not exactly. You know, got some extra fucking electrolytes from all the sodium in there. Drink more than enough water to counteract it, so that I use it for, you know, hydration instead of dehydration. Because there's, you know, the misconception about your salt intake is that, you know, if you take into much salt, you're going to dehydrate yourself. You know, like drink it, see water, but you need a certain amount. Because that's what runs your whole fucking body's process. You know, I'm talking all the way from, just basically a stand-live, but also listening. You know, your muscles don't just, they don't just suddenly move. It's all about a potassium sodium, magnesium, all sorts of other shit sort of balances, and outs of positive and negative ions and stuff, where that's what actually makes your muscles contract or release. You know, that's why when guys get insanely dehydrated, and they're running on the zilts for potassium, then it's just physically dangerous, if you don't do it right, because then they're completely, like, rung dry of all of those necessary kind of, you know, well, would you call it an electrolyte on micronutrient? I guess you would. But, you know, if you don't have any that shit running around, you're asking for a fucking trouble. But, a salty meal, more than the fluids to make up for it, hit my protein, and then 15 grams of fat, or actually ended up being 20, because there was, I cooked the eggs in about five grams of olive oil. So, all that's up to about a 500 or so calorie meal, reasonably filling, and I think the kicker behind it all is I liked it. You know, like there is a, there is a certain balance that you have to take any consideration, because you could write out, the most insane workout regimen, or the most insane diet regimen, or whatever, but if you can't enjoy it to some degree, then what sort of likely that do you have? Basically, do you have to stick to it for a fucking long period of time? You know, it's like zero. So, don't just suddenly jump to, like, you have to do it exactly perfectly, or else there's no point at all. I want to go all in, everything absolutely perfect. Wow. If I can't see it all the way, I don't want to do it all the way. Oh, man, that's just fucking, but we noticed, if you've worked out for long enough, you know that you've got to have a routine that you can't stick to, in perpetuity, and then build up from there, right? Because you can have the perfect for protein, or you can write out the perfect routine, or you can have your perfect routine. And you are a different guy that everybody else in the fucking planet, not only just, like, genetically and subjectively, in your own life experiences, and what gets you amped up in what kind of, you know, turn it off, but also your schedule's way different than everybody else. So that's where you can't look for a specific answer, and like, how do I do this? And which, like, there are a lot of overarching values to be taken about working out, calorie counting, training intensity, for the most part, work at frequency, you know, twice a week kind of deal. I mean, a lot of the grunt work in terms of figuring out how working out and building muscle works. It's already been done, like it's not, you don't have to reinvent the wheel there. But you just have to, you know, accommodate yourself to be able to do that on repeat for a while, because some guy who burns himself out in two weeks, if he was trained in twice as hard as the dude who got into the gym has been working out for now six months deep, and he's gonna keep doing it for years to come, and who's better. And that guy has so much more time to build up and get used to it, you know, it's not a sprint man. Like if you're thinking about working out, and you're excited about what your build is next year, or when six months, or after like a four month Balkan phase, or like maybe try to widen your horizons just to touch, because hopefully once you start working out, that's a forever situation. Like I am, the body building insanely bulky kind of approach. That's not forever for me, but the gym itself, I mean, at this point it's fucking hardwired. I'm not even talking like encoded into my mind. May as well have taken a, like a hammer and chisel, like the metal kind of like presses where it stips, like an engravings, and me as a little bit lifter right in the front of my, what do you want cerebral cortex or whatever else? That's not going anywhere. You know, so like it is a long game man. And if you can get excited about that part of it, then you are ahead of fucking everybody else, you know, because you got a constant source of motivation, because you know you want to just keep working out it for a long time. And I feel a little bit out of place when I talk like this. When I say like you know, it's constant workload, it's constant efforts because it, I mean it is like you are constantly working out it, it is definitely you're putting physical effort into this thing. It's taking a lot of time, but it's like I want to do it, you know, it doesn't feel like work. It feels like an activity. And half of that is the fact that I've got a routine, or I mean just like an approach to working out where it really gets me fired up, you know, like I've got a routine that I like to do, every part of it, at least in some way for me, I have a good understanding like okay this is going to do this for me. Now I want to do it even harder, right? Because if you put somebody in the gym who's never worked out before, and you write out like a workout program for me, give them like a, you know a chess workout, a back workout, just some basic stuff, full-lands, rows, pullovers, bench flies, pack that current like you write somebody to push pull legs workout. And you say, here you go, you get free range, follow these workouts for a while, keep going. It's probably in a suck man. You feel like you're doing a, a damn to do list. Now of course you got to get used to working out and build up some training experience from zero. So you do have to go through the process of learning how to do a curl and do in bench and you know having a reasonable form. But to have a deeper understanding of why you're doing some of these things, it just adds up so well to how hard you can go at it. You know? So what I'm trying to say there is like, if you tell somebody to do a couple of, if you tell somebody, dude, tuck your shoulders in, keep your elbows a little bit beyond 180, like don't bench parallel, like put them at a little bit of a camera, and like whatever, like you, this is now getting into example of like explaining some form style tips. But if you just tell somebody like that, do it like this. This is the right way to do it. That's not how you teach anything. That's not how you, that's not how you would still fucking knowledge or whatever, right? It's, whereas if somebody were to be explained like, okay, if you do these curls in this way, you're going to feel much more of a kind of burning sensation of the top, and the harder that you can do that, the more beneficial the curl is going to be for you. Like if you can explain the process of like, the what and the why, and not only like for somebody explaining it, but if you can get that, and you really have a grasp of the what, the why, the how, then it no longer becomes a guessing game. It's simply okay, if I follow these steps, I will get the results that I want. And it's, I think it's just an ignorance as bliss type situation. Why not so many guys are looking in the macro tracking, or counting the calories, or you know, making sure they're taking all their multivitamin to try to get their sleep done, because if you don't think about it, you don't have to worry about it. You know, somebody who doesn't have a good grasp of like, okay, if I get a really good night's sleep, not only am I going to feel much better than next day, but in a lifting context, I am going to be so much more recovered. I'm going to be able to go harder. I'm going to have a better workout. I'm going to enjoy it more. And I'm going to get better results of the work that I'm putting in is going to pay off, you know, much denser way that if I'm just scrapping around. The guy who doesn't give a shit about his sleep, he doesn't have to worry about that. You know, he just gets to say, man, I didn't get any sleep last night. All right, let's do some chest. You want to do legs today now? No, no, no, come on, let's do arms. Right? If you turn away from it, you don't have to worry about it. Right? But I think that's the more, I mean, especially right now, you've basically got the entire damn freaking world that your finger tips with your phone. So, to not look into it is, I would say that's a, that's a conscious fucking choice. You know? But if you got those basics down, then it's really, you know, you're going to get them into a question and just how bad you want it. And I don't mean that like an overarching sense, like, all right, like sometimes shickets in the way, you know, whatever. But by going to set by set basis, the lift by lift basis, and then just on a day by day, like making sure you leave a good chunk of time for you to have your workout, whether you want to schedule that for like six o'clock, or maybe you just save it for like, okay, I'm going to lift around seven or eight or so, then come back, like having that ready for you, makes it so much better. Because it doesn't, because eventually, it'll no longer feel like a chore. It will just feel more like an activity that he gets a duke and a joy. And, you know, it's like guys where they, ah, well, I mean, just imagine this, right? Who, who do you think is going to have more fun? The dude who works at MicroCenter and is putting together computers for work, or the guy who is like, oh shit, this is probably somebody, specifically, who's about to get a badass, like set of PC parts for Christmas, and he's better put it together to play some games to get to enjoy. He is going to love putting that fucking thing together. He's like, oh man, I can't wait for this, I can't wait for what lies after this, where is the guy who's kind of forced into it, and he's like, ah, it sucks, you know. So, whether or not that came across, how I intended, he get the gist, right? Try to work out in a way that you enjoy, and if you enjoy it, you'll go harder at it. You'll get better results from it. And once you start getting some results, I'm not even talking and insane, like, you know, get a 315 bancher, like simply making any noticeable changes in your progress, be it size, leanness, strength. That is such an awesome validation of the fact that what you've been doing has been working. And once you know that, it doesn't become like, if I do this, then this will happen. It's like, if this happens, I'm going to do this. And then it's just upwards from there. That's why I feel that the matter. So, if you know somebody who's part of the new year's resolution crew, make sure that they get into it in the right way. And that's actually, I read that, that's such an open end piece of it. That doesn't even, that doesn't even try to, it's a piece of advice that's silly. But, you know, try to, if you know something like that, try to ease them into it, and make sure it's a positive environment. The last thing you want to do is like, look at somebody say, why the fuck you bunching like that? So, this guy's been in the gym for a week. What the fuck he's talking about, you know, so that's my shit there. I, yeah, so I, I always better say something I tell him to forget. Well, either way. Why does back day tomorrow? So, I'm going to go eat something. I'll just see that.