There we go. Back to normal. Back to freaking normal. But yeah, on the topic of the New Year's Resolutioner and not even just the New Year's Resolutioner, but anybody who's got a bit of an itch, you know, a small ember in the back of their mind or even there, even their gut where they're like, you know, maybe I should work out this year. Maybe I should work out this year. Maybe I've got to get that's a, and I feel like it's more classic to say it's like, I want to get back and shape, you know, or like, oh man, I'm getting that shape screw and it's like, usually that phrase is just an idea that bubbles up for just a moment and then the thought process is not all right. Let's start working on it. It's usually just, well, whoops, whatever, you know, like I'm not trying to discount it, but you basically have two options, right? If somebody is like, okay, I should get back in the room. I mean, it sucks, but it's much easier to say to yourself, and maybe tomorrow. Yeah, I can nothing to change by doing today versus tomorrow, it's too tomorrow. It's cool, you know, because that's very cool, right? That's like you just stayed up crazy late. You got a clock, you got a class at 8 o'clock, you wake up at 7 and you somehow convince yourself, wait a second. I'm just not going to go. Oh, like, it's, it's just a very good feeling, but that enjoyment is over right then. It does not build into anything else, you know, you're not going to get compounding interests on that like satisfaction. That's it. And then you're actually going to pay for it later on down the line when you realize it. Shit. I told myself I was going to work out this year. It's already December, for you, December 14th, means 13th, that is around one day delay, and then you're gone. And then, you know, it bubbles up like this, this potential energy is kind of bawling itself, and then it just kind of disperses, you know. And I can't really say exactly what could flip that switch. You know, it's like a, it's like a freaking atomic bomb, right? Not bear with me because everybody pretty much has infinite fucking potential to get from wherever they're at now to pretty much jacked. It can be done. And we've seen it be done. Like, we've ever looked up at same fat loss transformation. So these guys didn't just have the greatest magical genetics in the world. They knew what they wanted to do. They made it happen. It took them years to fucking get there. And now, holy shit, you would not even recognize the guy if you standing next to the version of himself, however many years before. It doesn't just luck. What happened was they were able to take all those internal like a game. Do I should probably work out as probably get into it? Or I mean, I usually don't bring it up because I don't have as much history with it. But like looking at yourself in the mirror and thinking, fuck, yeah, I believe that myself go here. So go as wait, I used to look like, you pull up like a picture back in what you can see in prime, what is or whatever else. Like it's, you know, that's kind of, sometimes the little motivators just say, right, let's change this shit up. You know, you reach a point where you almost get fed up and you think, okay, something's got to change here. And everybody's got, you know, this is much energy to think, okay, I should start working out as you, because there's no barrier to entry. Anybody can start looking up like a bodyweight homework out or, you know, get one of those P90 exports. All the videos are just on YouTube now. Like the barrier to entry is purely in term. So somehow what differentiates the guys or girls is strong 4% viewership here. But what differentiates these guys who just think about it versus wanting to really do it is they're able to somehow like concentrate that energy in that sort of like excitement, like action or I guess you can say call to action to make this shit happen. They're able to condense it into a critical enough mass or it actually reacts. And then they put it into motion, you know, because anybody can say like, man, it'd be crazy if I locked in this here. Dude, it'd be freaking nuts if I locked in this here, bro. Like I'm going to get jacked. And I've been, I've been training, I've been watching videos, bro. I'm going to, I'm locking in this here. Can you, uh, can you hit ready? Bro, that's, let's, let's squat up and make them on here. Ready up. I guess, because we're saying that's played for me. But it's, you know, anybody can just say that. But to actually make it happen, there's something in there which, uh, I think, I can pinpoint, you know, because it can't be forced, right? I mean, if you, uh, like, let's say your dad wanted you to be in all start football player and he forced you to do all these, or just anybody like you get forced into wanting to do it or forced into doing it. You're, you're just going to end up presenting the sport and whoever's making you do it more, right? You can't, like, force anybody to like something, you can't force somebody to push themselves. I really think it has to be an internal drive. You know, I was, um, I was just talking to somebody earlier and I looked weird just kind of going all like life stories, everything else pretty much. But I remember thinking of myself like, out of all the things that I've ever done, which, you know, not that all this buck around. But, you know, I've done all sorts of like different kinds of sports, a different school, a different sort of whatever, like the things that I've felt the most enjoyment from went the furthest with and got the most, well, I guess it would be really, you just say the most results with, where the things that I wanted to do for me, right? I mean, if you get a, like, I had to play, I played soccer as a kid and, you know, I don't think there's anything stopping me from becoming a badass soccer player. Like, I had, like, regular, or a bloodisism, right? But just an interest me as much, you know, like, head bounce around, like I love being goally, I don't want to just run back and forth, which I guess apparently translated it to now, I mean, you know, I can't get to be a runner-up down in soccer, soccer field. But it's like, whatever, you know, it didn't really click. How I was doing it, because my parents brought me to do it, which I mean, it was still fun, like, just hanging out a lot like my guy friends, school and everything. But like, it wasn't like my thing, like I wasn't wired to be into it, right? And then, with just anything, right? If it's forced upon you, odds are you just not going to fucking want to excel, right? But if you find something that you like, you find something that you enjoy, and just the act of doing it alone is fun for you, then the freaking skies, the limit. It's, um, I'm definitely lucky, because for me, I think everybody needs something, you know, everybody, uh, and what I mean by that is, that's something doesn't have to be working out. Like, I'm taking this to an insane degree, beyond what I would basically recommend, you know, like in my eyes, a perfect world would be one, where everybody got at least a couple days of weight training in and did consistent cardio. Like, I can recommend that completely to everybody in the freaking world. And I think that'd be great. You know, not everybody needs to sit in the gym every day for hours. Make sure you do 30 minutes cardio track every calorie track. Like, if you want crazy, like muscle billing results, then that's what you should do. But I think everybody should work out in general. So you don't have to make that your thing. But everybody needs a thing where you can be excited about it. You can go to bed and think about how well you did today. You can be excited about what you're going to get to do tomorrow and be able to look back and think, man, I'm so much better at this than I was so many years ago, right? Because I mean, ideally, this thing is going to last a while and it gets a really luck into something. But the, I think the trifecta is find something that you like to do, because if you don't like it, you're not going to do it all the time. Something that you have a little bit of a sort of aptitude for. It doesn't have to be awesome. I mean, we've all heard the guys where they're like, you know, like genetic. Didn't have the best genetics, but I still was overpowering. So the aptitudes, like a little bit of a factor for sure, you're not going to catch me try to become like a basketball player right now. Or if you're like a four foot or if you're like a five foot six dude, you're probably not going to be a long jumper. So there are little limitations like that, but not so many, right? Like whatever. But if you like it, you got to baseline aptitude for it and you can give yourself enough time to do it on the regular. And that like was paying for it good. Then if all those three things are in place, you're basically set, you know, it's as if you had you're really just light the freaking fuse, you know, because if all those things are in place, then you're going to do it a lot. The fact that you like doing it, there's just a basic sort of component of human nature or just your mind where being good at something is cool. Like if you are ever, if you ever remember being a kid and like your drawing got put up in the classes like the example or like your essay was what the teacher uses a reference to great everybody else's. Or just anything like being single that thing at heyman, that was pretty good. You did that well. Like that just shoots off all kinds of badass, dope a manager, responses in your mind where it's like that was pretty cool. And you don't need a third person perspective to tell you that. You know, if you get a, like, try to think of something. You know, let's say you're a golfer. You know, I always reference the golfer as a different activity than the working out. Anyway, because you marked as it's a little easier for me to grasp. But if you went out, you know, you gave yourself the day, you're doing 18 holes, and you've got a personal fucking record. Right. You finally shot under 80 or under whatever. You're probably in a field pretty damn good. You know, and like what was the achievement, right? There's no prize money. There was no, like, it was not a competition with anybody else. But you just did something you'd never done before. And you got to think, wow. That is just, I mean, really all you're thinking. That was just fucking sick. But, you know, if you look at it a little bit more objectively, you're like, wow, all the time in energy that I spend putting into this has paid off and now I'm better for it. Sweet. You know, and it doesn't have to have like a, like a direct translation to any other sort of vector of life, like just having something you can enjoy. I really think if you don't, then you are missing out. And that's a, not to, you know, say you're screwed or anything like that. But if you don't have something, then that's your cue. Right. Look for it. You know, if you ever, if you ever look at anybody who's good at anything, then don't forget, at one point, they were an absolute complete beginner and they had no idea what they're doing with whatever that thing was. You know, every, every, every, every Jimmy Hendrix, every whoever, at one point was just a beginner who said, wow, this might be cool. I think this is the same thing. I don't know how I think I might like doing this. And then they put in a crazy amount of hours, which for the most part probably did not feel like work, because they just enjoyed the process of doing it. And then boom, 10 years past, they're got damn fucking legend. Right. So it's not like everybody has to become a Jimmy Hendrix. That's actually, I mean, he's up there with pretty much anybody in terms of like, over arching world known as, like, that's pretty wild. But on a smaller scale, like just being good at something, so I can know, so that's where that's the fun part of days, I think. It's the time that you get to spend doing something that you just would want to do anyway, right? But enough random random kind of hype up talk, playing for tonight's lift, shoulders with a touch of everything else. Touch a touch of calves, touch of forearms, a little bit of a, um, a little bit of an accessory day, for say, because I just blew back from New Jersey earlier, so I get my little travels. It's probably not my best interest to do a crazy leg day. And I don't want to just hold off and do like a scrappy leg day, so it'll be better to give myself a little bit of a luffer. You'll, and do legs tomorrow. So that leaves me a day. I don't need a full arm rest day. So a little bit of a chill lift, like shoulders will do me good. Plus, it's been a while since I've really had a nasty shoulder pump. Primarily, just because they're my shoulders, relative to my arms and my chest, like, they're just, they're big, they're big enough to the point where I want everything else to grow to match their development. But dieting down, that's when I'm going to throw in shoulders much more often. There's an eye growing right now. All I'm doing is maintaining muscle. Like this whole process of dieting these last two months, I have not gained an ounce of muscle. I've actually basically shrunk down muscle-wise because all my glycogen and insure muscles that are like fluids and everything else have sort of dissipated because I'm not eating a damn thousand grams of carbs for a day like a bulky face. So I'm physically smaller, right? But as I get leaner, all these proportions of like your shoulders and your waist and like my hips, like my hips, the hip, my bones, they're not shrinking. You know, the broadness of my shoulders is not changing, but what is changing is that thickness of my waist, the amount of leanness or I guess the amount of body fat that's sort of softening me up. And as that starts to, I mean, really just get burned off. Like, I guess you can say, physically get burned off, then it'll, it's almost as if I look like I'm getting bigger even though actually it's smaller. That's the leanness effects. Otherwise, notice the freak factor or you just say simply looking freaky. But that freak factor will only continue to improve. And I think I've overcome what you could sort of refer to as like the, the hill of dieting. Because what happens is as soon as you start dieting down or at least in my case, I just finished a bulky face. Now I'm going to start dieting down. As soon as that happens, as I stop eating a ton of food or when I stop eating a ton of calories and carbs and everything else, then instantly I'm basically going to deflate muscle wise because I was holding like 10 pounds or so, evenly distributed across my build in each of my muscle fibers of water and glycogen, you know, basically just fuel that your muscles run off of and kind of act as storage cells for so that, oh, I mean, basically, it's run off of that energy when you're fed state. But as soon as I started dieting down and now I'm not eating as much food as keep myself that full, musculerly I've now shrunk. But I'm just as fat as I was before. Like I've got the same amount of body fat because the calorie deficit takes a while to really ramp up. So in the beginning of dieting, it's actually kind of the hardest because you start to look worse. Like when you're bulked up, even when I'm a bit softer, being carbed up and vaining everything else and just pumped to shit, it looks pretty fucking cool, you know? So to go right into a deficit, you have a little bit of a immediate upfront cost of, you don't look as cool and carbed up and pumped as you did when you were fully bulked. But once you reach a point of leanness, then that drop and freaking is actually starts to return and over pass where you were before because now I'm starting to see more fibers, more veins, more separation, better waste of shoulders and leg ratios and everything like that. So this month to next month, I foresee that much bigger change even than the last two months to now, just because every pound of body fat that I continue to lose is a bigger and bigger change, percentage wise of how much body fat I've got. Like if I've got a hundred pounds of extra body fat on my frame and I lose one, it's only a 1% increase in leanness. But if I've got 10 extra pounds of body fat on my frame and I lose one pound, that's a 10% jump in leanness. So it's kind of one of the rare things where you actually get, not diminishing but improving returns. But it's kind of counteracted by the fact that the leaner you get the harder it is to get that lean. So it it balances itself out, but that's where there really is a light at the end of the tunnel of the dieting face, which makes it easier for me to stay motivated and not just pull into what are my three pillars of the fast food, pull into Wendy's canes or, and there's probably the big ones. I don't mind a McDonald's sometimes though, but honestly the buns are kind of, it's starting to lose me. Now it just doesn't just kind of dry, right? At least the Wendy's is a little bit more of a burger. But either way, either way I shouldn't be talking like that. Now I got myself thinking about it. Let's just get some shoulders started, plus a little bit of accessory work after the shoulder pop check. So whenever I'm doing shoulders, rear delts gets the number one spot, right? rear delts first. Half the reason for that is I like finishing a shoulder pump with my side delts kind of the biggest part that actually makes you look the most pumped. Done. But also just kind of acts as a good warm-up. You know? Like when I do side ladders, they're going to feel better once my rear delts have already got to blood flowing through them. Plus it kind of gets my roots that I've got to come to. It's like just all the above and kind of just works. But heavy face pulls kind of a cambered bar a little bit more of a bend, but not like a W easy bar. But I really like these, especially versus like a standing version of these, like I mean it's so much. Guys a load up, whatever amount. Try to stand here just in the open air and like balance against the weight. So it's like as many signals as you're sending to fire your rear delts, you're sending just as many of not more through your holdback. Try to keep your balance. You need to just sucks, right? So why would I want that many variables in the movement? So by laying down in this sort of orientation, I'll get a focus on the squeeze in my rear delts. But I'll probably do a couple of these in a row. No need for like 10 different rear delts movements. I'm not even just too too, but we want to see. Yeah. Yeah. Do. These. Oh my gosh. So one more little tip I'm thinking about before I just cut to the rest of these reps. Is I'm not trying to move my shoulder blades or my shoulders at all. Like I want my shoulder to be locked in the same position so that all my arm does is rotate around it. Because that's all your rear delts is doing. It's not helping any of this. So if every rep look like here, I just be doing a really trap focus row. So if I go too heavy, I notice I start to use too much traps and that's my cue drop the weight just to touch. But if you're more here, then we want to something else. Okay. One more heavy one. And then I might do a light one to finish this off. Four kind of feels like a good number with these. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Do you walk? Yeah, that's a little too heavy. So at the cost of less tension, I get the benefit. I'll be able to hold the squeeze a lot harder and harder. No. Yeah. All right. Let's move on to some kind of rear delts style fly. That's right. One of your cable or dumbbell though, give me a second to think about it. Yeah. Cable is definitely not going to work. So let's think about this. What can your rear delts do? A lot of this. So typically, all right, reverse, packed deck. Perfect. But no packed deck in here. So same thing with dumbbell fly. Put yourself in the same position to fight against gravity. And just do like this. And you're pretty strong with these. Like it's because it's sort of it's like the opposite of the strength curve of a dumbbell curl. Well, either way, when the weight is down here and it's hanging, all of that force is only being translated like through my bone structure. You know, it's going to be way harder to hold the weight up here than down here. So usually I'm going to say like, you know, don't swing too much or whatever. But with these, I don't mind a little bit of momentum just to build it up and then really feel the sort of difficulty in resisting that downward motion. Because obviously you don't want two dumbbells just to come smack each other, especially in front of this kind of below the waist area, you know, you only do that once and then you'll learn your lesson. But I think the 60s are we good? Maybe just want to do with these. Well, I'll say they feel. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, can't hold it, crap. Yeah. One more. Just like that. a little bit quicker reps speed, but the fatigue definitely can't fucking add it up. I only need the 55, so the next one too. Okay, yeah. Let's get some sides out started. But what to start with is the question I face now. But typically, I just grab dumbbells, regular dumbbell lateral raises, because they work. I'm not going to say they don't honestly. I think they're pretty much perfect. Like bench, or chest, I'm not sure I could pinpoint one movement I'd want to only do forever. I might be Smith bench, but I'm not totally sure. But side-lateral, I can say, in a heartbeat, no hesitation. dumbbell lateral raises. But that doesn't mean some cable isn't good too. And half the value of sometimes changing it up with the loading method is it changes the way the machine feels, or that the movement feels. With dumbbells, it's obviously you know. Let the bottom heavy at the top, but when you do a cable, you stand a little bit off-axis from that loading point, then you get tension the whole way around. And actually since it's over there, I'm feeling the most tension in my side-delt here at the bottom. Or I guess whenever my arm is like 90 degrees to the cable. Like if you're doing a side-lateral with dumbbells, it's obviously going to get harder, harder, harder, harder, harder. And this is the hardest, because it's furthest away from your shoulders, you got to exert the most force and leverage. But with these, heavy is down here at the bottom. And it gets a little lighter at the top, because it's kind of going like, it's almost pushing me, not just pulling my arm down. So it just lets me get a harder squeeze. So maybe I've been a little bit, a little bit close-minded with the side-delt training. But either way, let's do a light squeezing set right side first. Yeah, let's just run these up a little bit. And then I'm going to use some dumbbells in a little bit. I won't have to go to a heavy, because it'll already be pre-exhaust with this stuff. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Two more of these. Same style, same everything. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. Let's grab some dumbbells next. Light, nothing too have to hear. The dumbbells are, oh, I got no mirror in front of them. So I think let's just grab the 40s for as many sets as I can fucking handle. And even with that, obviously even sitting here doing a little bit of the hands on hips. The side-delt pump-ness is like crap. It's even apparent through the freaking sweatshirt, which is nuts. But even just standing, obviously not to the same extent. But I feel like that dude's from fucking UUHKUSHO show. And if you know that reference without having to look it up, you get some reasonable taste. But I don't think I made it past that, that like war arc. As soon as that was over, it kind of lost me. But either way, 40s, I don't mind swinging a little bit here, because my goal is not perfectly executed reps. My goal is to get perfectly pumped. All right. So it's like what's just in what's the law. Sometimes they're a little finicky. But let's go nuts here. Okay. Be more. And shows are, yeah, let's just say they're pumped. Yeah. Yeah. You're cute. Hold on, I got you. One more minimum potential for two. Let me breathe, then we can decide. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh, good. I started listening to those ones a little. But shoulders done. No. That's fine. The best lighting. See how they're really looking. I don't know how to need the sweatshirt. It's really right home. Was that seven sets of rear delts, are only six. So I know it was seven of those and then eight side delts. Front delts. Not going to happen. And there is a specific reason for that. I don't know you anymore. Front delts. You know, like I really, if the shoulder department is overstocked, then front delts is fucking two weeks in a, or not two weeks. One of my saying. It's like, it's double. It's double maximum freaking capacity. I'm going to put some of the mess with a little something down here. There we go. All right. Now we're cooking the freaking gas. Let's make sure right in the middle. Let's make sure right in the middle. What are the shoulder veins coming out there? This usually with a lat or with a shoulder pump, the left side try-step is the freakyest. So let's see if that still holds up. But yeah, oh my goodness. I don't think I've seen veins on that far edge of my shoulder. At least that this extent before Jesus. A little bit of just a hint of tricep feathering right there. This maybe a minor hint. I got to get a little bit leaner before any of that starts to show up. But yeah, I mean, just standing here. They are rounded over the back, right? There's a very noticeable chunk of like gap between rear delts and tricep. I mean, you really, you really see where they tie into each other. And that's what I'm aiming for, right? I want a big discrepancy between rear delts, tricep, lat, and everything else. Because that's what makes your shoulders look extra fucking cool, right? I'm already prown to rounding over. Like I need to be walking around like this. But if you're already prone to being a little more hunched. If your rear delt game is subpar relative to your front delts, then you're really just going to get a fucking hunched over look. But the fact that they're so buffed up in the back and pumps right now. Like even being a little hunched, they still have the fucking solid form tool. And then like staying upright. It's like I don't even have tricep. I rear delts are just the fucking, I'll just the star of the show. But let's see how they look in some back poses. Cool, my goodness. Yeah. And then they're really just capping off the top of my lats and everything else there. So, all in all, I'd say it's a damn freaking good shoulder pump. That's a roll. That's freaking scram. So this just fucking perplexity. Honestly, I can't wrap my head around the fact that we live in a world where you can watch the Warhammer 40K episode of Secret Level. Or you could watch the, like the Kianu Reeves, like even Gellian, robot kind of fucking laser sword fight. Those are, yeah, I'm telling you, Secret Level, you gotta look that shit up, it's cool. But live in a world where somebody can watch that. Think to themselves, that's kind of cool. And not use it as hype to have a badass fucking lift. I mean, it's terrible. I can't even imagine it, because it's like, if you don't have some kind of physical outlet on the regular, and it doesn't have to be the gym, it can be anything, I don't even know. Or, I mean, it could be whatever. It could, you know, I go down this rabbit hole, but speech a lot. But it could be fucking making music. It could be making art. It could be sculpting. It could be whatever. It could just be, you'd be getting in woodworker. You know, if there's a million niche little interest in hobbies and things you can get into, which requires a method. And if you're excited about something, you do it so much better. And I think that's the fucking most valuable part of media. And by that, I mean, like movies and shows and everything else is that it's like, just this romanticization romanticization of regular life, where it can get you extra fucking excited, you know? Like, even the ones that aren't insanely over the top, like if you're watching the marks watching now, it's been a while. I got like maybe stiff to your show episode to deep into Epo, right, it's like this boxing show. Dude, it's just, it's cool to see like a story like that, where there's suspense in this drama, there's like, there's hard training in there's regrets, and just like, that's things that like I want to live. And the work and out of such an awesome outlet, really, I think, is it so physical that it's like, it's very, I really do think primal is a good fucking word, you know? Because it's, you really just fucking express in yourself, you know? Because if all you do is you walk around all day and you play on your phone or you, you say to your desk, you whatever your job is, or you go to school, you go to class, you come back and, you know, like, do anything. You just like, you're watching things happen, you're doing like, kind of busy work. Honestly, so much of just like, school and regular day-to-day stuff is just pure busy work. Like, that's where I'm extra jealous of all the, our mixed, endvious of all, like, the self-employed kind of guys, where they're doing like their own thing. It's like, they're not just, like, it doesn't feel like working when you're doing something like that. Because they're excited to do it, and you're working directly for the end result, that you get back, you know? So if you don't have something like that to get excited about, days can really blend together. It's just kind of sucks, right? So with the work and at least, I'm not going to go so far as the Tom Platt Speedtore is like, I attribute every muscle to an emotion, like Biceps Ranger. Triceps were hatred, like I'm not thinking about it that crazily, but it really is a sick, maybe not a scape as a good work, but like release, you know, because whatever kind of just anything that you get building up over your day, it's somewhere you just get it all out. It's just you, nobody's watching you or if they are watching you, it's like some of your boys, whatever, but it's like, do you in the weights, you get to go hard? And there's nothing else that, you know, in a regular guy's day that it's like that, right? It's all just kind of like a days ago, you know, watching the videos about Funko Pop collections are just, you know, keeping up with the Hock-2 of Scandal. Like that's not what life was meant to be. You know, keep it, you got to get a little more down to Earth and just get focused on your focus on these two things. You got here, your fucking hands. And now, I'm totally unrelated, no, I just, I was just thinking this dude. I, you know, this tangent is completely unrelated, but I do try to think about this a lot, just to put good energy out in the world is like, I am constantly grateful. I got two work in hands and half of that is because, well, not even half, I think about that a lot because of like two summers ago or something, I totally sliced my whole thumb pad open when I was cutting open this plastic five gallon barrel of paint for when I was working for the city. And I was not executing proper safety, or proper cutting etiquette at all. Like, literally, if someone recorded me, put my hands where they were knife in like a stabbing kind of hold here, pushing directly towards this hand. I mean, it was blatantly stupid on my part. But I was, I mean, you know, a confection of grab shit for a month, at least nothing that involved my thumb at all. So that's something I do kind of think about. But, you know, you get your hands on something, push yourself and it's for you. It's not for anybody else, it's not because anybody told you to do it. It's because you get to enjoy it, right? So that's where I think the coolest shit is, things which do not have a round about like, path until you reach your satisfaction. So things like the work and out, you want to go work out, you go enjoy your work out, you finish a hard one and you get to come back and you say, well, I had a good work out today. Sweet. Maybe it action response. You did something and you got a response from it in your mind and you said, that was fun. I like doing that. I feel good from doing that. Sweet. I mean, there's really no negative. It's all positives. But the same guy can come to the gym, do a workout, come back. But his mindset can be very different because instead of a immediate action feedback of, I did my workout, I feel good because I did it. Some guys will get a little bit funky in their mind where they don't have the direct link to the enjoyment of that action and they, you know, okay, I want to go work out. So that I can show her, like the classic girlfriend broke up with you, trope, which I think that's going to be pretty locked into the world of fitness, basically forever. I mean, I'm sure there's some old, like Ethiopian scripture where it's like, you know, I don't know any old female names of that to make this reference, like historically accurate, but it's like written on a tablet. Melissa left me for a larger villager. I lifted this stone four weeks later or like something crazy. I don't know. Like I'm sure some shit like that exists somewhere from all the way back then. Like that's not going anywhere. But I don't think that's an awesome approach or like, you know, doing it to get, like somebody else's approval or, I mean, the classic, you know, you're kind of bullied for being an out of shape dude from beginning kind of thing because now instead of working out and getting a feedback positively in your own mind, you're working out and then you're thinking, okay, I did this workout. And then you're kind of not even getting a positive feedback. You're sort of like hoping that, okay, I did this. Oh, man, I hope that I get there approval later. And it's like, you don't even get the response because it's all just trying to feed into like pleasing somebody else. So it's, it's just not cool. Right. So the more direct you can be with your enjoyment of things, the better. Because if you don't then you're just fucking, you know, you're a leaf in the wind, you know, you're just being blown along by trying to meet the expectations of anybody around you or any, you know, any, maybe a thwarted figures. And it's like you're not even living your own life. You're just like trying to conform to everybody else, you know, like apart from some of the craziness, that's a cool ass Kanye quote. Or he's like, if, if you try to get every question right or if you try to answer everything right in your life, then every day is a test. And when were you the most fucking stressed out when you're in school? You know, I'm saying, right? So you get a, and of course, you're not just born thinking like this. It kind of comes with age a little bit. But that's where I think everybody needs to have a certain moment of realization of autonomy, where, you know, when you're in school, you, or when you're a kid, you don't have a choice. Right? And you're parents, putting school, that's what you do. You get some kind of summer job, you go to, you actually go to college, you do this, whatever, like, you just, you follow in the path. And you're kind of just being pushed along it. But eventually you got to have a moment where you like, holy crap. I'm alive. I'm in control of everything that I do. If I do anything cool, then it's because of what I do. And if I screw everything up, it's kind of my fault, too. Damn it. You know, it's kind of a sort of responsibility, right? Because now it's, you're on your own. And for some guys that happens a lot earlier than others, like anybody where, like you got booted out of the house, like you're 18, get here. It's definitely a point where things can get a little bit more unfair. But it's going to happen eventually. And the sooner the better I feel, right? Because if you're, like, perfectly coddled, then, you never reach that point. And, you know, I'm sure you know, somebody who's, they, especially kind of my demographic right now. There's a lot of guys where they never moved out for school, because college all went online, and then they've been living with the parents the whole time. And then, you know, now it's like, when are they going to move out? Right? It's like the at home 30 year old is making a research. You know, but now I'm, no, I'm just getting into random ass fucking lifestyle talk. That was a good lift. They didn't have a, there was no lake press in there, so I'm just going to add calves in with, after cardio in the morning. But shoulders pump the help, or pump the heck. And now I'm going to do go home, eat about a pound of ground beef with some low sugar ketchup, and then go to sleep. Nine o'clock, hoping I'm hoping I hit the sack before 11, and then I get to wake up early for some long cardio tomorrow. I'm, I'm changing on my approach. I, I think 45 minutes or upwards of even past 35 on the seated bike is a little bit much on my legs. Like, I can tell my legs, specifically, are getting, like, fatigued from doing the bike. So, and now what I've been doing is 30 minutes on the bike, and then moving on and jumping onto the treadmill for another 15. Just a three mile an hour walk at like a five-ish or something, percent inclined. Like, nothing crazy, but, you know, keep track of my heart rate. I should just bring, I should just start wearing the apple watch against, so I can track it. But heart rates still stays up in the 130s, or mid 130s, up at like 140 or so. So, that's what I'm aiming for. And then, I, I think I'll just add more to that, because the bike gets a little hard. Like, past 30 minutes, you're kind of, like, it definitely feels like you're pedaling. But, you know, doing 30 minutes of the bike, and then doing another 25, or I'll probably end up doing another 30 on the treadmill, just to kind of see how it feels for me. But that's not so bad. Okay, plus it, I mean, if you've got a show that you want to watch, you just put that up on the, put your phone up on the stand, and sit there, get into a little bit of a trance. I mean, your cardio's going to pass like fucking nothing. And then you can feel a little bit better about, like, waist and time playing in your fallen cause you're not waist and time. I can actually do something. But, either way, that is a perfect ender today, 68 of this dieting phase. One, half a percentage body fat leaner. I'm sure that's a reasonably accurate, guess maybe 0.2% either way. Well, on track to dice it, but holding time will tell really. So, I don't see it tomorrow for what I presume to be a moderately heavy like day. I don't want to go too crazy, but I'm definitely going to definitely go and do some damage in a stimulating way, not in a nightly way, at least not until I'm, you know, bulking up again in a couple of months. So, I'll just see you then.