Maybe I should have uh... maybe I should have gone back and called this leaner by the day instead of winter shred of thundered. Maybe save a little reference title for the next diving phase. But focusing on here and now I've got two goals, at least two um... you know, overarching goals for this excursion. Number one, get a chest bump. Number two, finish my cardio afterward. This is the uh... this is the first session of the day. I am... I've kind of been like in doing the lift with the cardio first. Like you know, have breakfast of course, don't do a fasted, weight-based workout. I probably wouldn't recommend that. And then doing cardio on its own, or doing the cardio only session later at night. Because it's like... well, I'm waiting for you know. The day is gonna be hard enough just making sure I don't, you know, over grub. So the longer I can be, actually, you know, use my hands, do something. It makes a little easier to stick to this freaking deficit. But yeah, nothing too crazy in terms of heft. I'm not talking three plates, Smith, I'm not talking four plate barbell. I'm talking cables, machine press, and a variety of flies. Maybe even some pectic. There is certainly room for some pectic action as well. I'll have to think about it. But we'll just have to see here. So it shouldn't take too long either. When we frankly, the rate at which I'm gonna get fully kind of pumped and fatigued. It's a lot quicker when you're not, you know, rolling around with a million grams of carbs, fats, and proteins on the daily. So I can tell but it's kind of a hit like set five or six, like... The workout's over. And it's not in an arbitrary sense of like I hit a certain set number or workout or whatever. It's really just, I need a certain level of kind of fatigue and activation and workload that I know I've reached. And then that's my cue to say, alright, I've stimulated my chest as much as I can. No point to do anymore. And bulking up or cutting down, that's still the approach. So I'll still do as many hard sets as I can do. What do we need in five thousand calories a day? And usually I end up doing more sets more reps, more weights because I've got more energy in my disposal. And be it so full of food, never think else. But the approach is the same. As many hard sets as I can do until I feel like I'm fully fatigued, fully pumped. And essentially I'll be able to say, looking back over the whole workout. I did it. That was good. Some stimulative work has been completed. Now it's a good chill. Or in this case, now I get to go do my extra cardio. Which, yeah, you did your cardio today, right, too? Yeah, I know you did. You would, you'd never lie to me. That's for sure. But I think nothing else to discuss. This is going to make it just a happy. Let's start off like bent over, can of, well, a little bit of lower chest focus. But I'm not only feeling my lower pecks because when I bend over, I mean, it turns into more of like a, in front of body fly. But it is going to be slow controlled with a good squeeze. And I do some pumpish like partial reps at the end. But I think this will be a perfect start for today. It's just enough. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, crap. One more. None of them. No. No. No. Yeah. No, yeah. Oh, one more. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Go. Oh, okay. Oh, okay. Let's pick up our ass. Those were perfect. We're hoping sets though. Not too heavy. Just heavy enough. Straight machine pressed. Yeah. Do. One more. Yeah. Okay. There's not much left. But let's go back to the tour that I'm sure. I think I've got super self style idea. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. One more. No. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One more. No. Not one more thing to go. This one would be a little different. I'm going to pre-exhaust the peck deck. Then finish with some bento bar cable flies. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my gosh. That hit me the harder than expected. Let's find some lighting. We're done with chest at least. So that did not take too freaking long. Three sets of light squeezing cable flies followed by two sets of machine chest press followed by one set of cable chest press and then a fly base super set. Seven sets. That's pretty much what I'm freaking aim at for. So let's just see what kind of pump resulted. If you don't want to turn it to the right. It's an important challenge for the day for 50. But on the low side, but I'd rather be low than high because now I guess you go home and have a pretty substantial size post workout meal. It really sucks for me to have to limit the calories later in the day. It's much easier for me to just kind of, you know, weight to open the fludgits. stomach and it is to try to go bad hungry. It's creepy to that down just to touch and we go. Now we're working on something. Tip You the I told you real good about Click yell Don't ask its god food. Shownong Saturday The Allığını Well, all that to say, I feel pumped. The amount of skin or like, you know, it's a lot of I can grab onto is getting pretty close to the lowest that's ever been to form me on my front side. Size for sure. I mean, that's a pretty decent amount of abdominal, whatever. But there's still room to lean out, do not worry. So that's kind of the plan for the next couple of weeks. So, so you can jump right on to it. That's good to have some cardio on. Bifched dead. That was a good one. It was a reasonable freaking chest day if I have ever seen one. And for being flat, low carb, that's still felt like a pretty bloodful, low-end skin stretch and pump. Of course, not as crazy as, you know, a 275 pound bulked pump, but it's just different. Right? Not better or worse. Being extra lean versus being extra bulked, just kind of with a certain set of pros and cons, that's for free, sure. But given that I've been nice and strict with my calorie of take so far, I get my very large postwork at meal. So I get really good nuts. At least in terms of not having to feel like I'm scraping around the bottom of the barrel. So a plan is I'm thinking, well, I definitely got to finish off the cubed stakes that got sitting in a little Tupperware that'll make up about 40 grams of protein. So that free cheese, barbecue sauce, sugar-free of course. And then I'll just have to see. I don't just have to see. All these meals are really protein-focused. I mean, I'm never eating anything where the primary macro nutrient is more than the protein. Even just now, I stepped at the Venetian Greengrass, a little pack of beef jerky. I'm not because I'm trying to jump start my metabolic window, my amino acid. But you can't just get that hungry for it. So that adds up to two grams. That's four grams of carbs, and of six grams of carbs, 13 grams of protein. And every time I grab something, every time I'm eating anything, every time I'm having a little snack or rule, a little whatever, it's got to be tracked. It's got to be accounted for. And the reason why I'm going to say to be so strict like that is because if you're not, these numbers fall through the cracks, and the scale will reflect that. Not only that, because sometimes the scale isn't always an indication of your fat loss and your progress, especially as beginner lifter, like re-comping. If you've never worked out before, and you start doing a real, like pretty stringent consistent work at routine, you're going to gain muscle and lose fat at the same time, to an extent. Now that's not like a perpetual state, of course, but it's something that's taken into consideration. So the scale isn't always an indicator of your progress. That's where it's looking at yourself in the mirror and seeing, okay, how am I looking visually? Can someone as being another sort of important vector to watch your progress from? But yeah, I don't think I've ever looked at myself in the mirror, unpumped with this many quad veins before, which is pretty cool for me to be able to say. So I'll get a, got about another two-ish months of being able to joy be in this lean, and then the floodgates will open. But I don't even want to think about that. That'll be for, it'll be for far into the distant future as far as I'm concerned. So playing for the rest of the night, and at this video, post it because I'm on a, I'm not on like a one-day delay. If you're watching this the day, post it at the night, I just did this work out like an hour ago. So tomorrow's video will be a little bit of a follow along to the cardio in the morning to get back on my regular sort of upload style schedule. But we not much else to say. I was talking with some of the guys in there, how about they're getting ready to start spamming some TikTok, trying to get some, and I had some TikToks, some Instagram reels, get the fitness going. I was trying to give them some inspiration, first and little, a little quotes to say. Like imagine if a imagine if a gym had a battle pass that you could actually get it, unlock achievements with, I'm sure we'd see a very different, populous, at least in terms of the younger, can't look characters. But this would be the last time I reference this for at least a couple of days and I'll try to get too repetitive. But with the cardio, man, I know you've got hours spent on your phone doing jack. You know, even if you're not doing jack and you're actually doing some kind of whatever like researching, I say researching, I go and down at you to rabbit hole. It doesn't matter what it could be. Coupling that with some cardio-based activity, not the hardest thing in the world. I'd really freaking recommend it. I just, I just ordered a little stepper, or not a treadmill, a step like a walk, mill on Amazon is a good 50% off thing, so it was like 110 bucks. A little scrappy and I'm getting close to the, to the recommended weight limit of it, but I'm going to see how that works later for tonight. Because I mean, all I need to do is three miles an hour for the hour. So if that, if that works, that will be a little bit of a boost for my routine. Because even though I've got the apartment gym that's close by, it's still a trip to go somewhere to do the cardio. So if you're going to have the cardio equipment at your house, like right there, separate room. I mean, as soon as you wake up, slam an energy, drink, slam a coffee, whatever your thing is. If you're trying to be a little more cost efficient, it gets caffeine capsules. Four cents for 200 milligrams of caffeine compared to like the two bucks that you might be spending on an energy drink. That's a, that's a little Gary V style caffeine hack there. But that's my, that's my sort of idea. So if I've got the treadmill right there, that I can get my ass onto it without even really being fully awake yet. And then those first 10 minutes are really go by like nothing because I won't even, uh, let's still be in the process of waking up. But all that's to say is more cardio, less calories, more leanness. It's hard to argue with that logic, that's for sure, good sure. But tomorrow's going to be a wide back day. Hope we can see some new veins, striations and everything else. But I'm actually looking at back pumps as I get leaner, not as cool as looking at back on pumps. And the reason I say that is because like with a full on back pump, the details of like my lower back in my Christmas tree and the lat tiny and all the fibers, they kind of get lost once they, you know, my back really gets pumped up because the act of pumping up a muscle like that. I mean, sometimes it almost takes away detail. Now it depends on the muscle. A chest pump versus chest un-pumped. I am a pig chest pump every time. But it was something like back in even quad sometimes at hamstrings for sure. And it triceps the little. It's like as they get pumped up all the detail and you know potential feathering and things like that. They start to kind of get lost. So something I consider. I'm really looking forward to the arm day after tomorrow's back day in terms of seeing how my back is looking like lower back, striations, everything else because back double by with an arm pump. That's where it's at. That is where it's at for free, good sure. I think that's all you gotta say. Highly successful chest day with an hour cardio. 30 minutes on like a little bit of a seated kind of elliptical looking thing. And then 30 minutes on a seated bike. Sometimes doing a full hour on one piece of equipment gets a little bit repetitive. So changing up like that is at least it makes it a little bit more interesting because instead of sitting in one place for an hour, that will always sit still for 30 minutes. And then, you know, calm me crazy. But I think this is my it's definitely my fifth. It might even be my seventh time re-watching breaking bad. And I tell you something. I'm not gonna say it gets better every time, but it definitely does not get freaking worse. You know that's uh if you're curious about my thoughts there, I'd say breaking bad is pretty much an ester show. You know, I've still got to watch the wires, they're gonna watch Game of Thrones, they're gonna watch Lost, still got to watch walking dead, still I'm all sorts of stuff. But breaking bad is up there. It's uh and I would say that's pretty uncontested take for sure. But that's uh that's what's gonna be keeping me company for the rest of these hours of cardio, at least until I finish it and then I've got to pick something else. But I think that's all I have man. So I will see you for a back date tomorrow.