There we go. Okay. Playing for today and insanely early lift. This is crazy. It's 1120 and not 1120 PM in some kind of weird apocalyptic like night sun kind of situation. Early ascortial. And then a reasonably timed lift. So only one pre-workout meal and then added up being a bagel, buttered with 10 grams with the fat of butter as well as 50 grams of protein of egg whites, salt and pepper style, reasonably plain. So it's really just a classic breakfast for breakfast. Which I know is kind of, that's not really much point to say in that sort of twice. But I really do feel like there is a, there's this misconception that you can't just eat regular fucking food. The out of everything calorie wise and planning and protein, simple portion control has got to be the most valuable fucking skill that you can get as a lifter. And then just as a dude, everyone has got to eat. Everybody's got to get a certain amount of calories in and your body is going to run off of what you end up eating. So it's at least worth thinking about. And in my case, that's not so much of like trying to optimize my, like baseline markers or whatever. It's eating for the purpose of the muscular gains that I'll be able to get from a certain bulking kind of diet and then muscle maintenance while I get leaner from a calorie deficit. But it's, you know, it's serving a very specific purpose for me. And if you can manipulate your calorie intake and not just purely each shit because you're, you're hungry for it. I'm, at least lifting wise. I can promise you that is going to improve your performance. With legs, nothing too crazy. Handstrings first laying curls seated curls, RDLs presumably on the Smith machine. And then quads will just be, we'll just be whatever kind of feels right. I'm trying not to overdo it with the weight on quads simply because in a deficit, I, it's like I can hit my quads too hard. And what I mean by that is like if I hit him as hard as I fucking possibly can, even just to regular like seven total set workout form, then I end up overdoing it. And I'm like putting extra stress on my knees and my adductors and just, I think there's no, no point to like a 14 plate set of leg press, even if I could do it fine, just because it's going to end up being so damaging and stressful that by the time I come back to do legs the next day or at least the next plan like day, I can't even do quads. At least not in the same fucking way before. So that's where I don't mind taking quads a little bit easier. And I still want to hit him as hard as I can, but I have to take into consideration that recovery component as well. But hamstrings I can pretty much thrashes hard as I want. And I'll be back for hamstrings again. Next leg day pretty much for sure. Now that's not the same. I'm trying to completely recommend pulling anything, but I do want to stimulate them as much as fucking possible. So, you get pretty much clears up what's about to go down. And we stop just yapping about it and get straight to business. Alright, let's not be too crazy. So we just a moderate, second-ish hold of the top swings get a laying crout. I've been starting with a lot of cdc, so even though it is only a minor change, it is still changing up. So let's, uh, one not check it out. No. One more just like that. Men and women. Maybe too. You So, I'm hoping that the audio didn't cut out for the last couple of sets. I think it didn't, but either way, whatever. Just change the workout. So, leg extensions, I want to ease into it this time. Not just go fucking crazy, false-dax, single leg, that's nuts. I'm talking 115. So the equivalent of 230 double leg, and then I want to do five reps on one side, five on the other. Very like, thoughtfully done. Like, I'm not just doing five like that. Like I want to fold, squeeze, and extra hard contraction, and then a reasonably slow negative of these. Because this is not only serving as like working set number one, but it's also kind of a primer. So before I jump on anything else, I'm going to feel and extra warm and ready for it. But let's go nuts here with reasonably lightweight, and then, uh, so the heads and the right. No. Okay. Alright. Let's go a little heavier for the next one. That is a fucking sweet start. Uh... Yeah.benben!! whoo Alright, let's pick the same weight, but for this set let's make him a little nassier. Let's do some machine like press nice. Not too heavy. This is the stack load. Not the plate load anyone. Okay, so not the heaviest set ever, but it will be a good one. One thing I really like about this machine something about the seat angle. I can still get a ton of quantic division with zilch for glutes. But let's just grab the stack here. And this is going to be a bit more of lengthy kind of set. This isn't like a six reps and eight reps and then that's failure. Like I'm going to be in about 15 inch range for sure and I'm really trying to like get pretty deep to the point where especially with my legs this pumped. I have to kind of like pull the seat into the stretch position. But let's just go nuts here. Where do I put this? Good oop Mmm Whoa. Do it. Let's go back to ligate extensions. Get in this. Like that wasn't a bad set, but I kind of kind of feel it in my upper right quad. Like right next to where it ties into my hips. And since the ligate extensions, you're not doing that. Just go burn out a few more thumbs. And then that'll be good. Oh. Oh. Oh yeah. Oh. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. That's good. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. All right. So certainly not the craziest lift ever. But pump wise. Yes, I don't think I'm going to be very disappointed. Now of course there's no way to know that. And so we actually check that. But simply based on the feeling alone. Let's just say there's some blood flow. There's been some blood flow that has occurred. So let's let's just see to what actual extent. Now hamstrings got hit very well. Quads I just said, the pump the brakes on. Just a touch. Just a touch. But even with being a little bit less intense than normal. It's still appear to have reached the reasonably fucking pump state. Oh. You're okay. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. So right here I'm trying to smush my hamstring up against itself to make it look extra big and fucking round. And the leaner you get the more pronounced that that sort of thing is going to become. But even fully pumped. Reason all that separation. That little bit of quad feathering, which was done to be revealed a couple of list of go with unpumped quads. Has now disappeared. And that's just the nature of having a fucking quiet apartment. And as you get, I mean you basically just swell up. You're not, you're not so defined and separated. But even so. Man. There's like a very pinchable layer of fat here. And once that is close to the like, you know, forearm level leanness. Because I mean my forearms. I can see all sorts of little like individual fibers and stuff. And I attribute a lot of this backside of the forearm games to doing those reverse. Forearm curls even just with like 10 pound dumbbells. But yeah, once my legs start to get as lean as my arms are. Or I can see like some arm veins and some separation that would be else. Then I'll really be in for a fucking treat. But plan for the rest of the day. Clean up the house basically. Eat my meals. Don't exceed my calorie deficit. And then just go from there. When, as long as though as as long as those three things are met, then I can go to sleep and know on a montrack towards the things I want to make for the cap. But you know it's all you got. It's gonna human back to the car. All right. Yeah. Good lift. Basically succeeded in the fucking goal I wanted to achieve. Pump my quads up. Activate them. Make sure they don't shrink down over the course of this dieting phase. Which of course I mean, I don't think they're gonna. At least not to a seriously noticeable degree. And now just. Not the fucking most positive. You know, this feels like that clip of. His mind's been an old mic mentor quote from one of his. Either a lecture or some kind of something. He's got all sorts of archives of all his. Well, his talks and things, but he basically says. Or one of his clients are talking to him. And one of the clients goes, well. We only worked out for 20 minutes. What the hell if I supposed to do for the rest of the nation to stay longer. You know, and mics fucking nice like baffled. He's like, what are you talking about? You don't know what to do with the rest of your day. Whatever the hell you want, man. He's like, you could start studying. You could start looking into. Whatever, like art. And it's like to the lift or that's. You know, you got to be a little more multi-faceted than just the workout for sure. But. Man, and an op-alpha and something. But good lift. Much better on the hamstring side of things. Yeah, I'm starting to feel a little bit. That's the way I self sabotage the touch from my last leg days when I was doing those extra heavy leg press. Obviously it feels cool to do, but it's I'm paying the price now. My quasi's so sore. And not so on like a tired way, so on like kind of a tender sort of way, which is not what I want at all. That's the complete opposite of what I want my stimulation from these lifts to be like, I want pumps. I want fatigue. I want tired. And I want recoverable as well. So if the. You know, if the meal or that was a good thing. So if the training is pushing it beyond. Recovery, at least within the scheme of like a working out twice a week situation. And it's. Simply doing something fucking wrong. So. Try to hold me to it. Don't let me go too crazy or quize. Oh, over these next coming months. And get a pump. Don't pretty hard. Don't go too hard. Don't go too hard to the point of injury. And that would suck. I don't want to make it better. Knock on the. Maybe take word of the camera. Can't re-medium. But meal wise. Yeah. I've been. I've been sticking to the girl, man. I've been sticking to the girl and it's been working. And what I mean by that is just like mixing a base carb like. You know, be it rice or actually should mainly rice. You know, for breakfast or something, sometimes I'll get the like a bag or something. And then the like oatmeal. I'm not going to mix the oatmeal with like grand beef. But with most of the regular kind of meals like past breakfast into dinner. It's just rice with some kind of protein mix in heated. And then. You know, some kind of sauce or some fat free cheese mixed in. You can. And it works because I can have like a 600 calorie bowl, which is about 25% of my caloric intake. That means I get to eat four of those throughout the day of, you know, 50 grams of rice or 50 grams of carbs worth of rice. 50 grams of protein. Maybe more like 60. Sometimes I snack on some proteins. So I've got like some beef sticks in the fridge or, you know, I might just scoop out some ground beef. That is a separate way and have that contribute towards my, towards my daily protein intake. But you know, 50 grams of carbs, 50 a protein ish. Maybe 20, 15 or so of fats. When I add the like the sauce or whatever cooking oil was involved or anything like that. And then, you know, just kind of makes the whole thing up together. You got a pretty filling meal and it's not particularly exciting. I mean, it's very. It's very much akin to like, even like a dog, you know, same shit all the time. But, you know, that's just the point, you know. That's what makes the, that's what makes this deficit a little bit easier to stick to. So it's a given take, you know, the give is I get a filling meal that tastes like a little bit more. That tastes reasonably good for me, at least, you know, your results may vary depending on your cooking skills and your seasoning and whatever. But to the take is it's pretty plain. No, it's not that. Not insanely exciting. So there is definitely some benefit to the, to the phrase when these guys are like, well, you know, now you're for enjoyment, bro. I mean, for fuel. I mean, for fuel, I don't care how it tastes. You know, that's sort of thing. So with everything, usually it's not a one set of the other type argument. You know, it's kind of a usually a gradient somewhere in between is where that right answer is. So if you actually want to stick to a calorie deficit, then, you know, you can have some food that tastes pretty good. You can't have that much of it. So you got to be a little tougher with your tracking. And also, if you, uh, was a way. So yeah, so you can have food that's kind of good taste. If you track your calories, you make sure you don't over shoot, you don't go crazy with it. But, you know, sometimes you do have to be a bit stern with yourself and say, okay, man, shit. It's three o'clock. I've already eaten 1500 calories today. I only get 2200 for my daily alignment. If I want to keep losing a pound of body kind of weak or so, then, crap. I better not slam those remaining 700 calories in four seconds so that I can actually have some food to eat before I go to bed. Because for me, at least, my number one goal with my deficit on a day by day basis, obviously it's to stay in my deficit. But that's not an answer, right? That's just kind of, that's just obvious. So what I'm trying to do to make that go more achievable is to leave some calories for later. Right? I want to have, at least, a thousand calories or so left to be split between my last two meals or last big meal of the night if I feel like a bigger one. Because for me, to go to bed hungry, just doesn't fucking work, right? I might sit and turn, or maybe if I'm a little more restless and kind of letting myself get the better of me or letting my phone get the better of me. And it's in here scrolling. But likely, I'm just going to stay awake extra long, thinking about food a little bit. Just not even like, man, like, oh, man, I gotta get some crumb like I'm not even talking totally feeding for it. But if I'm just thinking about it in the back of my mind, and I can feel that I'm hungry, I'm still awake. And I'm just going to get up and go to the kitchen and grab some kind of something. It's in increases. It's simply increases. There's no way to get around. So if I can be a bit more responsible during the day with my calorie intake, then come nighttime, you know, come nine o'clock in night. If I've got a thousand calories left, there is basically a hundred percent chance that I'm going to stick to my deficit without blowing over. Because I can make that thousand calorie stretch. And depending on what food I eat, that could be a very billing meal. And then I get to go to bed, you know, sometimes with like a really full stomach. You know, like if I've got a full thousand calories left, and I make a big ol' bowl of like rice, ground beef, some low-sugar barbecue sauce, some fat-free cheese melted in. And then maybe you can do a couple of low-carb, like keto bread, buns on the side, and even like a sloppy joe. That can be an insanely filling fucking meal. So that's what I'm aiming for. And that's just, you know, that's not a, I do think that that's a good approach for anybody. Like, it just makes sense to me, but maybe it only makes sense to me. Like, for me, that approach works pretty well, but maybe you're going to do better if you eat like evenly sized meals, very evenly dispersed throughout the day. I don't mind three meals a day. Like, I don't mind a reasonably big, you know, 800 calorie per workout meal, maybe an hour and a half, two hours before I lift a similarly sized post-workout meal, and then like a big meal a night. Like, that's totally fine for me. You know, is that perfectly optimal instead of eating six smaller meals at two hour intervals? I don't think the difference is insanely huge. So, you know, for me, that works, but if for you, you know, if you can't go two hours without eating something, you're having some kind of plate, then you might want to start eating more food, but not more calories. So, what I mean by that is make use of making use of some vegetables, man, make use of the fluff. I can have a big ass bowl of like a pre-chopped, like Caesar salad or like a mixed green salad or something. And I've definitely thrown, I'm not so deep in the deficit yet that I'm doing it, but this is a pretty good trick I like doing, because I'll take a full bag, like I don't know how many servings just let us in, like, it's really just water and like some five versus not much coloric value. Apart from like some micronutrients. But all the full bag of that makes together some kind of fat-free dressing. And then, you know, if I've got a 50 gram protein bowl of ground beef with a little bit of fat-free cheese, then I'll eat that whole salad first. Maybe adding up to like 20 grams of carbs total, maybe, usually like 15. And then I've already got a ton of stuff in my stomach, which is given my body to the cue saying, okay, you get a lot of food in your man. You're getting close to full. And then when I finish that half pound of ground beef or turkey or whatever, then I really feel like I've had a full stomach. And I can go back whatever the hell else I want to do without feeling like I got to come back to the kitchen and get more. So, it's not only a question of like making sure that these meals are enjoyable enough where you're not just going crazy for sweets on a meal by meal. But also, so that you're full enough for long enough where you don't feel like you have to come to the kitchen 30 minutes later and start grabbing some crew times. Or start grabbing some cheese or some goldfish or whatever kind of like random snack you've got lying around. Because those are the hot ticket items which love to creep into your diet and add calories. They are sneaky. You wouldn't think that one little handful of goldfish would screw you over. And maybe you're right. One small handful might be like 10 grams of carbs or 12, you know, 12, maybe 15 or something like 70 calories. 70 calories is probably within the realm of variability of your daily intake anyway because a lot of these nutrition labels aren't even like 100% accurate. There is a little bit of like, you know, up and down with some of them. But, you know, sure one handful might not mess with it. What happens is throughout the day you don't even think about it and you've hit five handfuls and some of those handfuls turn into two handfuls. And then maybe you didn't even just do one, you reached around, you were snacked around in the cupboard, right. Even though you might seem like you're in a safe place, nobody can see you doing it. It's just you and the snacks. Yes, what? It's got repercussions. And all those little handfuls add up potentially to like five or six hundred calories easily. And then, you know, you might think you're in a deficit and you tracked everything else. But it's just those little things that you didn't track, which are now screwed you. So that's why I can't help but highlight the necessity of what may feel like a bit of the OCD style approach with the calorie tracking because all of these calories really do add up. There's no way to get around it except for trying to count them all. So that's not to say that you can't have random snacks like that. You know, if I'm coming home from the lift, or if I do send a shit workout in the venue machine has like, you know, some random protein bar. I might say, huh, I'm kind of hungry. I like how that protein bar tastes sort of like a way for cookies with some chocolate coatings. Okay. I like that. You got bang and I wanted to pay the dollar fifty for like double price if you got it in the store. And then I flip it over, read the nutrition label, okay, 12 grams of fat, 15 grams of carbs, 10 grams of protein, boom. And that just adds into my, you know, overall total for the day. Now that's not to say that I want to eat my entire, you know, daily calories from that kind of food. I'm really trying to maximize more plain foods, right? So like, ground beef like basically just wanting gradient things like that. Just makes me feel more full doesn't thrash my digestion. Like I think my gut biome has definitely improved in health from not only just eating less food, but also eating much more plain and simple foods. Like my ratio of treats to regular shit is like 90 to 10 right now. Like I feel pretty good. You know, I blood sugar's not over the place. But if I'm thinking of myself, I want a couple of scoops of better juries. I want to have them. Take the tub out, put it on your food scale, zero with, read out, okay, one serving is 200 calories and that's 46 grams. Okay, so if I have 26 grams or no, if I have a, if I have 21 grams of ice cream, one big scoop. Okay, I weighed it. Look guys, you're coming back and it's up. Dr. Macros. You can still completely be on track for your fat loss goals, man. You know, it's not necessarily a question of like, okay, you can never anything to make too good ever. And I think that's kind of a stigma that dieting gets unfortunately, just because, you know, most people who are really into dieting and working out are very like meat head-ish about it. I mean, the devil is a value to kind of a sort of simplistic brutal approach. You know, like stick to this plan, stick to it consistently, you get the results from it. But he doesn't have to be so torturous. You know, there's a, there's a lot of ways to skin that cat of dieting. So, that's how he got him. I could probably go on to, we can hours about the calorie counting. I should, I should see if I could do a TED talk about it. Let me really funny. But, legs pumps, I'll definitely feel him tomorrow. Especially on those leg extensions, I was really feeling sort of tear-droppy kind of a kind of hell of a question. So, the quadricep, I don't know, I don't know all the names of the insertions. But the tear-dropper was really squeezing at the top of those leg extensions, I bet I'm going to feel that tomorrow too, especially during the, during 35 minutes of cardio on the bike. But, I tell I got, I got chest tomorrow, which I'm already excited for. And then I've got back to the next day, which is get me going, I'm going to get arms the next day, and then leg the chest and then back and then arms the, and the loop continues. The loop continues to infinity. So, I will see it tomorrow for some hopefully crazy chest action.