There we go. I'm beginning to suspect that an hour of cardio post workout immediately on the regular hour including the hour of cardio in the morning might be a bit too much. I'm starting to think that I might be creeping myself into over fatigious. And I'm sure someone is going to say, you got damn my talent. Telling you that the whole time. You might be right. But there's a certain value I feel in terms of basically every angle of working out where you know, there is like, okay, this is what everybody says to do. But then there's the knowledge of, okay, I've actually tried this. I've gone through the process of doing this and these were the results that I got. And then adjusting from there. Because what is a study, right? What is a work at a study? It's simply having a couple of guys, you know, more than a couple, but having a handful of whoever, you some shit and then analyzing the results. Why would you not approach your own training with the same mentality of trying things out for yourself, seeing what happens, and then adjusting from there? Because then this isn't a random control group where you need all sorts of different, you know, variables, whatever to come up with a random, like it's an actual, you know, amount of data, which you now can apply to your own training because it's your thing, right? So as far as I'm concerned with all the work and out, the guys who really make it, the guys who, I don't mean make it, the guys who really learn how to kill it are the ones who just adjust their training based on, like, okay, I think this is going to work. I'm going to try this for a few months. I'm going to look at my results and objectively say, All right, have I made progress or have I not? Have I been actually dieting and getting leaner or have I, you know, been having a few too many handfuls of cheese, it's every day, like little things like that. So that's where I think there's a real value when it comes to just straight up, trying new stuff and seeing what happens. But yeah, I think I might tone it back on the cardio just to touch. Because I'm trying to balance two things, you know, like higher energy expenditure every day, right? Burning more calories, doing more cardio with lower calorie intake, right? Bless food. And there's kind of a sweet spot because you don't want to completely starve yourself and then just do no cardio. Like I see a lot of comments like that, where it's, why would I do more cardio if I could just eat less food, right? And there is some value of the argument, but like what are you supposed to do? Each 1500 calories, you know, like totally starve yourself. But then on the other side of things, you're never going to be doing six hours of cardio, right? So somewhere is a little bit of a sweet spot, which depending on the guy, I mean, you might just have to freak it find out. But the hour in the morning, I don't think that's the problem. I think I'm going to go back to my 30 minutes post workout and then no cardio post legs. I definitely think that that might be adding to some of my, you know, some of my perceived exertion, because after a leg damage, a full on hour cardio definitely hits reasonably freaking hard. That is, it's undeniable. But playing for right now, with back, go nuts. I'm talking pull downs, I'm talking rose, I'm talking pullovers, and then everything in between in a couple of different ways. And by the time it's all over, I can guarantee I will have some veins creep in a cross, the side of me creep in a cross at the top to the bottom of me, lower back, your rectors, everything else fancy like that. Assuming I can find some cool lighting, and then 30 minutes on the seat of bike instead of a full on hour, come back home, have some more, have the last half pound of steak that I cooked in the, I'm a table top oven, 400 degrees for just about, I think, 25 minutes, maybe 30 minutes. I'm not really sure the time because I cooked it with, I just put a meat thermometer in one of them, and I left it until it was at, well, I wanted to catch it at 127, but I just played it like following a little bit too long, pull them out when the inside is at about 130. So a little bit more done than I would have liked, but it's still pretty good. And even with no sear, that's kind of the way to do it. I've been such a suvi fan for a while, obviously, the tenderness was there. I think I've been away some time, plus with all the frigging microplastic talks. It might not be the best idea to friggin' boil all these meats and steaks, anything else in the ziplocks, go a little bit more simple with just the convection-based cooking. But I think that's all I gotta say. Before the top of the next hour, I am ready to have a freaky back pump check. So let's just stop talking about it and go make it happen. Let's get straight to business. A heavy, fast, ish, hard set of pull downs. Nothing fancy, no five-second eccentric, what I'm really trying to maximize is my effort on this one. And later down the line of this lift, I'll have some slower, more controlled sets. One more, that was sad. Oh, minimum. And don't be afraid to do a hard set, man. Like that was good. I consider that good stimulation. One more, as a drop set though. All right, let's row something. Good luck starters. Five more to be in too much. Let's see four for this section. That's a good set though. Let's see what we have to do. The seat of rows over there. Oh, that was good. No need for a drop set. Let's do kind of a typical back finisher, which hopefully he already know what it is, but without me saying it. So we can pose down. This is a good back day. Pumped and a jazz. This is right. There are slightly different normal with sort of an easy bar instead of my normal two long de-handles. But this will work too. So I want a big, large stretch up here. And then a good mid-trap full back squeeze at the bottom as I lean back into the flex position. This flex position. Back complete. That's why it's a mere space, God dang it. All right. And with that, back is freaking complete. So let's get a little through the shirt, last sprint, get a little teaser of what we're working with. And then jump straight to the main course. That's a width. That means some freaking width for sure. So let's see how I really like it. I'd post some of the posing routine and stuff, but I kind of wanted to be a little bit of a surprise. So I'm not really going to knock it off a spoiler. Apart from these sort of, you know, more pump check looking chat to here. But we are definitely working with something. Maybe make sure I'm right in the center. Oh yeah. Oh my goodness. Yeah. All this freaking cardio is adding up. This is definitely the most interesting. My lower back has ever looked. Let me get a little bit more right in the line right here. Yeah, there we go. Yeah, see? I can hold a pose, especially a last sprint. I mean, I could sit here for freaking ever. The tricky ones are why I got to sit here in the front. And I really want to keep my waist in control. You know, because even if I'm taking the breath, I don't want my abs to get deflexed. You know what I'm saying there. But let's, let's run through a few more and get rid of the roll. No, I get it. Oh yeah. Oh, that'll be good. So plan for you. Let's jump to the car. Plan for me. Pop a squat on the cardio bike. And only 30 minutes. I feel like I'm taking an easy on myself. But I have said this before. So I'm kind of quoting myself here. I'd rather go too far than not far enough. And I think I, I'd like that sentiment with basically all the training, you know, because I think we're all pretty much well freaking aware. The harder you go, the more results that you will freaking get, right? The more cardio you do, odds are the better your cardio is going to get. The leaner you'll be able to get if you're trying to die it down. The harder that you train, the more effective the training you see on the B, the better results you're going to get. The structure you can do with your diet. And I don't even mean strict in the sense of like no treats. I mean even just strict in terms of like tracking everything and getting a grasp of like what kind of role dieting even has to play. In terms of returning, it's like they're the only reward that you get from taking it easy is the fact that in the moment it's easier. Right? I mean how much easier would it be for me to sit around and do every set that I just did in this workout at half that intensity? Or even like 30% net intensity. And it happens. Like it really pains me to say it and it really hurts for me to see it. But I see junk volume freaking every day, you know? And I'm not, not everybody has to be a freaking like bodybuilder, Jim Rath freak. Obviously not. But if you want results and then you basically just catch yourself slack enough and don't do anything about it, then it kind of sounds like you don't really want those results, you know? And I think that's such a silly and like classic phrase. Like I hate when people say it sounds so pretentious. Here's their go. You don't want to bad enough. But on a real context, like not, I'm trying that to be as meat-headish and lunkish as possible. It's like, the groundwork of gains as complicated as people make it. It's really as simple as diet, training, recovery. So if you can get these three in line or at least up your percentage of like effort and efficacy in a way, I'll have each of them even by a little. And by that I just mean like get a few hours more sleep on average. Drink a few more gallons of water on average, right? Just have a jug of like a freaking get a red zero or something. That still counts as water, man. That's going to add to your fluid and take for sure, as much as people are going to dog on the the sucralose and the ascertain, right? That's whatever floats your boat. And it's like, with the training too, it really turns me off when guys are having such huge back and forth like this. Back and forth like video arguments of reps and reserve and different training styles. You know the training style, it's going to be the best results. The one that you go the hardest with. So like the logic of like, oh should I leave four reps in reserve or should I do five reps in reserve? Or should I do high reps or low reps or high intensity and low frequency or high volume or like dude? I'm not going to say it doesn't matter, but you can take two guys and give them completely different workouts for three months. You give one guy this training routine, give the other guy this training routine. Let's say this has like doubled the volume of sets, but every set is like five reps in reserve. So the overall like workload is even. You know who's going to make the freaking most results? The dude who just trained the hardest and like wanted it the most and wanted to like, exert his will onto every set more powerfully than the other guy. And I know it's like it gets into the cheesiness and kind of a corny like the cornball factor motivation when guys are, you know, doing all the self help like motivation like, oh, do self accountable. But there's a reason why it's corny and cheesy. It's because it gets said so much because it's true. I mean, cliches are cliches because they've got a ton of freaking value so much so that they get over said and repeated to a blivower. You know, so all that's to say is I went stress it so much as like, okay, should I do a 10 second mezzo repy centric triple drop set or, I think you can pick a weight, go hard, get amped up to some attack and trying to opening theme songs, get a pump and go home, man, you know, and then improve your training slowly from there. But I can tell I'm getting into a little bit of a rant. I bet I'm trying to distract myself from doing my cardio. No, no more talking. Let me quit distract him. I'm only going to the bike. I, yeah. So I was about to say that was the quickest 30 minutes of cardio in my freaking life because I've been used to the 60. But also, kind of laughing on this, looking at the comments from the cardio video that I posted yesterday. So I took a rest day two days ago before legs. So the day of the last leg day video, I just recorded that and then posted it on the same day. Usually all this stuff suddenly go one day to leg. So to get back on track of like lift, record it, post it the next day. I recorded the cardio this morning and I didn't say check. I recorded was me sitting on the bike for the hour, pedaling, and then that was it. A little ASMR style. It's kind of funny. But now what you're going to do is get back to the crib. Not spill it, which is something to consider. If you're in the, I don't know if there's a specific name for it. Let's just say the mid, the kind of northeast side of things. It's getting snowy. Rather freaking snowy. We're just cool for me. I like this snow. I'm not talking door and he eats, trudging through it for an hour to get to the dungeon gym, of course. But it makes it nice. If it's going to be cold, I want it to be like scenic, we cold. You know what I'm saying? But style of back day, style of back pump. And I've got a full stomach full of food too. Yeah, I think I might do the arm day tomorrow with the morning cardio. So do arms and cardio early. Just to kind of get a glimpse of a empty stomach kind of post down. Because it really is something to take into consideration. Like not only is your weight going to be different later on of the day, but your midsection too, man. I mean, if you need a good chunk of food, even if it's lower calorie, you still get some food, your stomach. So something to consider, if you want to take some sort of posing shots, maybe in the morning, fast and post cardio with a little bit of extra kind of cardio-conduced pump. That might be your best bet. But either way, back you can come along nicely, waste tapering down, and more vein, and some kind of sensations and little separations are just coming slowly, but freaking, surely. So now all you gotta do is go home and chill. It needs a food, not over-eat, of course, which is definitely easier, set than done, and then that'll be it. So I'm getting excited for tomorrow's arm day. I'm definitely going to do it a superset style. Try-sipset biceps, try-sipset biceps, so I finish arms with a complete arm pump, which I'm kind of most concerned with right now, because when I'm bulking up, many crazy amount of food, I mean, I'm pumped for a while. If I finish my chest day and then drive home for 20 minutes, I'm still kind of pumped, at least like reasonably, from that whole period of time, because of full, you know, full of carbs and glycogen and everything else, freaking, circle plasm, but died it down, and those glycogen stores are a little bit lower, a little bit more depleted and flat. I could be fully pumped, and then 15 minutes of chat and goes by, what happened? Where'd all my blood go? And maybe not that seriously, but something to take in consideration, and even just in general, sometimes I feel kind of bad when I'm working out with some guys that I'm buddies with, because I've got a habit of chatting when I'm dead. When my lift is complete, I do not mind hanging out, kind of bouncing around, falling, falling, whoever doing their lift, chatting with them, between their sets. A little hypocritical, because I don't really like that. When I'm working out, I want to be working out, and kind of just chatting on my own pace. But, yeah, trying out to get caught. Because if you're mid-chast, you know, let's say your foreset's deep, you got another three or four heart sets left, and then, you know, somebody grabs you, and they're really, they're really holding onto you, like not letting you sort of escape. You've taken your few steps backward, your hand is on the machine, you're about to use, sometimes you just got to start the set, man. You know, it's as tricky as in my sound, just a, you know, quick little put up pin in it. All right, let me have my set, and I want to hear more, and get back to it. Because I mean, five minutes, when it comes to rest periods, like, like, how bounce around? You know, some days I'll have a little quicker pace lift. Like, today it was definitely a little faster pace, especially on the sets that were on the same machine. Like, between those sets of hold-outs, maybe a minute, a minute, a half or so, and then a little longer when I have to move, pick a new machine, loads of new weights, but five minutes, you know, it depends on your state, of course, because obviously, when I'm bolted up doing like squats or leg press, I'm in the set for a few minutes. Like, five minutes to reoxygenate, and can't let get myself back together to do another one. That's a bit more normal, right? But regular kind of sets, you know, your regular working sets, nothing too, like dramatic, you know, central nervous system, destroying like squats or leg press or anything like that. Then I probably wouldn't want to exceed more than kind of two and a half. Just because, not for any arbitrary kind of reason, but by the time I've caught my breath, I can tell that whatever muscle I just hit is ready for another hard set. That's usually my cue to hit another, you know, some guys like having a timer, I see some dudes, they got their phone out, it's like, okay, set is over, lap the time, okay, 45 seconds. Do another one. Which is totally cool. I mean, if that's your approach and you give yourself like a minute rest, and then you're doing a set right then, as long as you still take that set to failure, like, I mean, you're cool. Whatever constraints you give yourself for the workout, like, okay, I want to do one minute rest periods, a little bit faster pace workout. Let's go. Okay, I want to give myself one like two and a half minutes, really try to, you know, up the intensity of each set, let myself recover a little bit more, between, that's kind of the main differentiator between, like, a higher volume, and like, a higher intensity, quote unquote, workout, could potentially just be the rest periods, but as long as you're overall effort is there, then you're good, you know, if you can leave the gym or during your post-down, you can tell just by like, you're subjective feeling of whatever you just worked, like, okay, I pushed it, I'm pumped. I know I pushed it. And I didn't leave that much in the tank. You're golden. Nine out of ten times, if you can say you pushed it, even if some of your preparation was off, even if you didn't get as much sleep as you may wanted, you were potentially a little underfed, under hydrated. If each lift for the most part, right, above on average, you know you actually pushed it, then things are just going to start to fall into place, you know? Like, as much value as there is, and really trying to optimize your routines and everything else, who's going to get better results? The guy who just kills it on the regular, or the guy who's a little bit more lackluster, but he's, you know, doing the most scientifically studied and, you know, currently optimize routine that there ever was, but not going as hard. And I don't mean to say that those two situations can't overlap, right? Obviously, just train really hard, and use the most up to date science. You know, some guys really love to optimize it like that, and keep up with all the newest literature and everything else, and there's no dog and all that. That's what gets them excited, because you want to work on optimize your routine, improving it, and you want to do it in such a way that it's interesting for you. And fun. Yes, I'm in complete freaking agreement, you know? Like, working out if you can't have fun with it, and you can't feel like you're working at it, because you want to, and it feels like a chore, what are the odds you're going to keep doing it, you know? There is no necessity of working out, at least none that really is going to force you to do it, like a regular kind of chore, you know? Like, unless you're in high school, when your mom's doing your laundry for you, if you're doing it on your own, you've got to do your laundry, you've got to do your dishes, you've got to keep everything reasonably clean, and those are the chores you have to do, right? If you want to keep yourself in a reasonable kind of living environment, you know? But there's no force that makes you work out. Now, later on down the line, you're probably going to regret it if you didn't have a work to everything, and everybody's been there. But in the moment, there is no driving force apart from your own desire to go to the gym of work out, to make you do it. You know, we don't have like a social credit score based thing, where you get extra points for exercise, or hours, clock, of cardio. Now, do I think that would be a good idea? Potentially so, more certainly, but that's not even getting any kind of social, or fitness credit score kind of kind of, kind of talks now. But it really is the situation where it's like, if you can have fun with what you're doing, you're going to go harder. So, whether you want to work out a little more gruntish, keep it basic, curls, barbell, cable, everything else, like, you know, don't over-complicated with all sorts of fancy kind of sets, and just focus on your overall, Brent, you know, horse cock and Eric Boog and Hagen style, effort, bad freaking ass, or if you want to approach things a little bit more methodically and be able to explain the reason and why you're doing every set in a very particular kind of fancy pants, sort of way, and still, kill it, then you're going. But the killing at portion, that's ubiquitous. It's kind of the equalizer of all routines and approaches to physical training, you know, because there really is no getting around the harder you go, the better you'll do. And that's with anything. So, next time you're next time you're dogging on somebody for doing a set where it's maybe not your exact company, but see, you're a, you know, you're a more ego-lifterish kind of, you know, hard, heavy, whatever, and you're watching a guy do a, like a slow, eccentric set of something. Do not look at that and think, oh, that's a stupid, that's a stupid style of set of rules. Because if the guy kills it and goes to legit failure, and you can tell, and that's a bad set. And vice versa, you know, if you're a little bit more, you know, you can't end up shirt tucked in with a bow tie, kind of young, young, young style with your training. And you watch a dude do a little bit of swinging, you know, potentially body language style set of, like, easy bar curls, but same situation. I think the guy's actually killing it. He's going to failure. He's got his body helping him with some assisted reps at the end. Even if the set is a little bit more nasty, and not exactly your forte, if the effort is there, there's nothing to dog on. It's simply a, you know, a disagreement of approach. But the guys who go to the hardest, the most consistently. And guess what, they're going to be the biggest, or they're going to be the least, or they're going to be whatever vector progress that we're aiming for, because overall, time, times, effort, equals, gains. Now, you know, time, consistent time, right, lifting on the regular. But, I'm getting out there, you go hard, and if you ever catch yourself slack, and give yourself sort of proverbial slap on the wrist, and think, what the, what the frick man, what the frick are you doing, come on, get real. And then, that is probably a good time for a F-bomb, but I'm trying to, I'm trying to reduce those. I definitely try to reduce the F-bombs. But, I think that's all I gotta say. I can tell I'm running low on blood sugar, not in a dangerous kind of way, but maybe just a little bit of a brain foggy, just kind of way, so, time to get a meal in me, shower off, go to bed, fall on a sleep to a true crime documentary. I love, I've been going through those, like freaking, well, you go and say it. So, either way, I'll see for arms tomorrow.