There we go. Christmas, well I guess Christmas is still going on today's Christmas, but Christmas is essentially over and the cherry on top is happening as we speak or yes as I speak with tonight's Christmas Arm Day or should I say Christmas Arm Pump with potential for a little bit of shoulder action as well. Listen, arms first, maybe it's such a shoulders after just to get a little bit extra pumps. But morning weight has been kind of bouncing around. Two days ago was 234 yesterday was 236. Now I do not think that I've suddenly gained like two pounds of body fat or muscle or anything. That's part of the day by day fluctuation of like the amount of food I've still gotten. Like how much water I drink is. I can day by day don't stress. Like if you wake up a pound heavier than you were the day before, you didn't just gain a pound or lose a pound. It takes a little bit of extrapolation and, well, there would be interpolation. To really show that kind of pattern. But getting close, I predict that I will see a 230 morning weight within the next three weeks. That'll be a good little milestone for me. I can't remember the last time I was in the end of the 220s. It's been quite a while, but that would be good. There's a few pounds closer to legit diced and that just decent lean. So I think I was just talking to somebody about this when I was doing cardio. The freak factor is a little bit stingy. Like sometimes losing 10 pounds doesn't suddenly make you 10 pounds lean or purely by eye. What I mean by that is like when I dropped from 270 to 260, which only took like two weeks or a weekend and a half, if that, as soon as I stopped like really fueling up, bulking diet to even just maintenance, I do start to get much lighter pretty quick. But going from 270 to 260 visually, not the biggest change. And then 260 to 250, even then still kind of negligible. Like noticeable, but nothing too wild. Because a lot of that was also intramuscular, like carbs of water too. So it kind of, that stuff is just going to come and go. But going from 250 to 240, that was a big 10 pounds. That was a very noticeable jump in leanness. And now from 240 to 235, it's almost gotten the other way. So I mean, I'm getting the touch, just simply, smaller is not the word. But there's like a, all I'm trying to say is by the time I'm at 230 morning weight, I'm going to be pretty excited about just how that's going to look. That's really how I'm trying to say there. Advenes are becoming more and more apparent. And I already know when my postwork at meal is going to be tonight because I don't have room for anything else. I've got 50 grams of protein left for my daily intake. And if I don't want to go over that daily intake or my daily allotment, which I do not, then that's what I get eaten. So where's that going to come from? I mean, we'll just see later. But that's going to be a tub of, or not a tub more of a cart, of just straight egg whites, nonstick pan, no oil, no nothing. And then I'll do some mustard on top. I get a lot of flack for the mustard on the egg whites. Personally, I don't really see the problem. Tastes decent. I mean, the smell like it's supposed to taste awesome anyway. But I don't have a lot of choices because I'm not a huge hot sauce fan, but you're not just going to douse everything in red hot or, like, sarachia. Actually, probably definitely not sarachia, isn't there sugar in that? Orbs more importantly? Well, even if there's not whatever. But all I'm trying to get out is like, the egg whites are, they're a base. You know, you can kind of add anything you want to. Like barbecue sauce, love it, catch up. Don't really mind it. You know, it's whatever. Salsa. Very good. Salt and pepper. Classic kind of plain. You know, man. But the mustard, I don't mind. I probably would love, well, I probably love any other meal, right? But that's where I'm kind of sort of fighting two desires. And the one that wins, obviously the one that's going to come out on top and manifest in the reality. So one, I want to get leaner. I want to stick to my calorie goals. And like in a more kind of abstract way, like I want to step up to the challenge of doing myself. You know, like this dieting, like getting this lean on this consistent of a time frame, which is going to be total, like getting into the four, five-ish month range of calorie restriction. Like, I mean, I don't want to let myself down. You know, because if I start just going ham and I, like, suddenly completely quit this diet and set out screw, and I'm going back to Bolton. And, you know, it's like I just gave up, right? But more so on, like a day by day, it's like, I'm challenging myself. To do this, the fact that it's hard is what makes it cool. And I kind of like reroute any, maybe negative thoughts or self, really self negotiating, self sabotaging thoughts back into height. And the more you can do that, the better. But obviously I've got this one side, which is the one I want to win. I want to diet. I want to get leaner. I want to do what I set out to do. And it's going to come with the cost of your last meal is a bowl of egg whites with nothing. I mean, with like a little bit of zero calorie sauce, not the most like appetizing thing ever. And frankly, if I were to reach into the pantry and pull out a bunch of like the low carb, like protein cookies that I have, which sometimes I try to, like, fit into the daily calorie, a lot of sort of to get my treat for the day. But that's not like you're going above my calories. I still hit my numbers. It probably be, it feel pretty good to just have five of those at once, go to bed with the full stomach and think, well, nice. So that's the other side. That's the opposing thoughts in my mind, which are trying to creep in. And that's what you get a fight against. So my one tip I've got to anybody who's dieting down right now, idle hands are the what's a good little twist I can put on. idle hands are the calories play thing. And if you're just sitting around doing just nothing, just chilling, whatever, the likelihood that you start feeling a little bit hungry. And you think, well, what's one scoop of ice cream go hurt? What's one spoon full of peanut butter going to hurt? What's a couple handfuls of cheese that's going to hurt? I guess what? It's going to hurt a lot. That is going to completely wreck your dieting goals. And it depends on the guy. Because if you're just trying to stay relatively lean, then you don't have to stress about this sort of shit. Like if you're trying to just main gain, eat when you're hungry, make sure you get your protein in, train hard. You're good. Frankly, that's a pretty nice state to be in, at least comfortability wise. But dieting down fat loss wise, you want to be leaner next week than you were right now. And there's no getting around the fact that you have to make sure your calorie intake is only reaching a certain level. And if you exceed it, which on a, like, we've all heard of a refeed day that doesn't completely kill a diet. What I mean is if you exceed it on average, like if you're goal for the next two months was you have to eat 2,400 calories. And that will give you a rate of fat loss of a pound a week or whatever. Like, you know, look up maintenance calorie calculator, plug in on your info. It'll give you a good estimate. But let's say you've got a certain number. That's your average intake where if you ate that calorie amount on average for a two-month period, you lose five pounds. You lose 10 pounds. You know, depends on how steep that deficit is. So if your average calorie intake is actually per day, 500 calories above that, 400 calories above that, even only zero, or no, one of us ate zero. Like, 100 calories above that, then it's not going to work. You know, suddenly you're not getting the power you need. Like you can't just plug a 240 volt plug in a 120 volt socket. It's not going to work. You have to have the right set up for the sort of stuff. So if you're really getting into the dieting, I can't stress enough. If you can get a good grasp of tracking everything, things will become so much clearer. And the clearer and more objective you can look at a problem, the easier is going to be to come up with a solution. So whether you're the type of guy who needs to have every meal prepped, like five or two, just upper-wares per day, you have one at eight, you have one at noon, you have one at two, you have one at four, you have one at maybe eight again there, just whatever kind of time frame you have in for. And that's how you do it. Then do it like that. You know, if you're like me and you're a little bit more, maybe intuitive with it where it's like, you know, plan a meal around noon,ish, make sure it's around like 600 calories, like this much grams of protein, this much whatever. Then go about it like that. Right? The meals for later do it, do like a little bit of intermittent fasting, or you only eat during a window of like three o'clock in the evening to whenever you go to bed, like it's easier for you to just wait until later in the day to start eating. Like there's a lot of different kind of tricks about it. And I can't, that's where like real day by day, they're not real day by day, but like real tips and a good grasp of like how to diet will come into play. But that doesn't change the fact that the basics of your calorie intake, your calories in calories out, it's sort of the great equalizer of all different types of diets. Right? Like be it a freaking atkins or a keto or whatever. Every diet that actually works involves the guy doing it, eating less calories every day than he's burning. And that's not like an argument at the point I'm saying that is a fact. So sort of just to give you an idea of how much I'm staying behind that calorie counting side of things. But in terms of today's lifts, pretty standard. The stakes are low with the lift right now because all I'm trying to do is, I mean, like, I'm trying to train hard of course. I'm not going to like just take it easy or anything. But my main goals on a day by day basis currently are priority number one, don't exceed my calorie intake that I have for the day and then go on number two, get a pump, do my cardio. Actually, the cardio is up there with number one. And then go home, rest, cover, don't hurt myself. That's also up there. So there's no need for me to try to curl the 80s or anything to wild. So my plan is to sort of see what seems like it's going to be the best move. I can definitely predict there'll be some rope extensions, some dumbbell curls, some cable curls, some pre-chairs, maybe some overhead type situations. And if I decide to show it through a shoulder to the end, lateral raises, maybe some rear delt work, that sort of thing. But really, I just need to get a solid arm pump, know that I push myself hard 30 minutes of cardio and see that by afterward. And then come home to my amazing incredible dinner to finish off the day. So that's the plan. Let's just make you happen. The nice thing about being so carb-deplated and like, no way to sugar coat it week is I don't have to warm up that much. I got to say I'm still doing fielder reps, but usually I'd have to get to like 65 or sometimes even 80 to really like feel like I'm totally pushing myself. But given how I carb-deplated I am, I only use 42 and a half. He was one of my trying to do here. And it's not wreck my freaking elbow attendance. I want to do an alternating set, five reps from the right, five on the left. And then really just repeat until, right now doesn't need a ton of weight. It still feels heavy, but it's just not as much force, you know what I'm saying. Like I would have been much more cautious thanching three plates in the 25. Fully bolt, early start should be. Then I would be doing like two plates in the 25 really died it down. Because it's like, even though you're physically weaker, your sort of system has already handled that much weight. All I'm saying is I only need as much weight as necessary. I'm my least egoish when it comes to the weight in a duck. One more like that. Same weight, same everything. All right, that was to get two starters. Let's switch it up. Let's switch it up from this single handle to something to be the terms. The rope will be good next. So in contrast that last set, which was weight within reason, very controllable. I want to get a little nasty with this one. This will be a full stack, kind of quick, pump it short or reps the failure. And then the next one dropped away by half. Do some full second, hold to the bottom. Real, slow, eccentric and squeeze or stretch rather. And then failed that way. Little too toned style. Oh, okay. Yeah. Let's drop it by half. Then this will be slow and squeezing. Very different, but the effect get more pumped. Pretty similar across the board. Okay. Ah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. That felt pretty good. Let's actually do one more of that style. And then move on to a new handle. Maybe we can hold new style. We'll see. There's Mark. He's got a, he's rehydrating. He's got a chest aid today. Well, we'll leave him do his own devices. He's like a Batman. Okay. All right. All right. I think of a solid handle, like a bar pushed in, is an order for the next set. A little bit of a heavier style as well. Full stack heavy push downs. And by heavy, moderately heavy, pump them out. And honestly, this could be the last set of triceps. I feel like I'll probably do one more, but let's just see how this one feels. No. No. No. Oh, my gosh. Yeah. Try his or her cuts. Let's go curl something. And just start with some 50 pound alternating double curls. Now I predict 15 reps minimum with a minimal swinging. At least that's over it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Holy crap. 50's and I have to put some feel that heavy. I'm going to swing a little more than this next one. But let's just run that back. That first set was actually kind of shit. I did not go it. So that just counts as a warm up. Nothing really matters. I'm still just going to do as many sets as necessary until I'm fully pumped. But yeah, I don't stay behind that first one. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There's a little better. One more thing else. I think some preachers are in order machine preachers. Oh, okay. Oh, my gosh. Yeah. That's enough of that. I think that's a little bit more concentrated and controlled. One other tweak that I always do with this machine in particular. I like to sit side saddle. Something about this feels much more natural than like being straddle over here. Now with an easy bar preacher, it's a little different. But I just like doing the one arm like almost sideways. But second change is I throw a decayed along here as such. It just gives me some extra freedom of motion. Because for me, my wrist does not agree with this exact angle. I get a lot of forearm activation which sucks. And it also just kind of feels uncomfortable. So, worse to both worlds. At least sometimes I get some like improper activation, but at least it feels good. So let's get some more don't-tah-over planning go nuts in a controlled way. Ready! Do you think that's a bit that poor person which likes HP as well? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. No, I got okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. One more. Little heavier. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, I got it. Oh, my gosh. Yeah. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I think I've got a good plan for a bicep finisher. If they do not need much more time in the other. Let's go get it happening. Assuming that this ends up being a good set, this could very well be it. But 90 pound easy bar should be about right. And I don't mind if these reps give a little nasty, especially toward the end because I'm trying to fill my bicep right over the blood. Anyway possible and there's a much as possible. So frankly, I think if I sat here to set perfectly, control it with that, I simply wouldn't be as pumped, compared to doing one where I give myself some extra four strips at the cost of a little bit of swing, which is not an expensive cost. There we go. Hmm. Oh. Oh. Oh no. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Fish. Oh. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Oh. That's not enough. Let's go, folks. Okay. So arms now complete. Decided that there will be no shoulder activity. So let's see how they're looking. And puffed up. And not absolutely destroyed to bits. Like, I even swed in that bad, which kind of sucks. I do like when the training's a little bit longer and like more nuts. But I mean, what do you do, man? It's just the nature of freaking dieting. Though this makes it a bit more motivated. Let's see how we're really looking here.錢. That's all. Oh, my goodness. Let's see what else am I missing. Oh, my gosh. That, in a nice classic. Oh, there we go. Well, Vaney, let me actually get a little bit of a breath-hole flex to really squeeze him out. Oh, my gosh. Oh, guys. Even though strength-wise, I don't miss this early feel a million percent. It looks wise. We're getting there. And that's kind of a given take, you know, and the card depleted slightly weaker performance in the gym, but, straight factor increases in ever increasing rate. So it's like, where do your values really lie? What do you do, way? I got to go camp out on the sea to bike for 30 minutes. Just playing my phone and scrolls to Xbox. And then I'll see you back in the car, back in the campsky. Oh, I am feeling it at this current moment. I believe that a rest day is an order quite soon. If not tomorrow, then the next day. Now, I'll still do cardio, but I'll just take the weight session off. I don't know, I guess I'll still do the two a day cardio, but I will take the weight session off. But I'll see. I'll see. I'm not sure if I want to save legs for two days from now or whatever. I'll just see how I feel tomorrow. But that's not like just a... I'll do that later. I do think that you need to kind of be on your toes when it comes to making decisions like that. Do you really need to rest day? Are you legitimately recovered or under recovered? Like, those things aren't just arbitrary. Those things aren't things that you can just purely predict. And it's like going to the grocery store when you're hungry. If you decide to take a rest day after you just did a hard workout, you might feel a little tired in the moment, then your decision-making is arguably being... Is the word I'm thinking about, arguably being influenced by your current state. So if you walk into the grocery store, full belly, I'd say you're probably not going to grab any snacks. At least no snacks that you didn't already plan on getting because you're not hungry. So if you plan on... If you say, I feel really good right now. I'll get a lot of energy. I'm going to go to the gym tomorrow. Nice. That's a pretty good feeling. But if you're a little more tired, it's not too hard to think, okay? Well, I'm kind of sleeping right now. I'll do it with the electricity. I'll just take a rest day and get my pee. And I'm not anti-rest day. And I want to get that perfectly clear. But I am anti-unnecessary rest day, which I think a reasonable percentage of rest days that you get taken are unnecessary. And purely driven by, I don't really feel like it today. And I'm not your dad, do whatever you want. But for the most part, there is some value to be able to go through a routine, even when you don't really feel completely ampt and excited about it. Because then you get to look back on it later and think, okay, well, I still did it. I still got after it, even if I didn't feel 100% of the time. And that's got a value that just can't really be measured. Because anybody can come into the gym and work out when you feel totally 100% motivated and hype and like you've got your buddies there. It's basically just an inviting circumstance on all fronts. But if you're not really feeling it, it's cold, you're tired, you stay up late, you're a little bit under-rested, you're in a bring-up water. That's where that little voice in the back of your head, that subconscious thought will emerge that says, oh, so you just come on, you don't need to work out right now. Just stay home, you're just staying home, man. You don't need to go, just chill. And that is a thought that you need to nip in the bud. I shut that shit down, ASAP. Because the more you listen to that, then it's like you're not even in control of your own goals and aspirations. You're just listening to the random thoughts that bubble up in your mind. And you've got conscious thoughts and unconscious thoughts. You know, conscious ones, those are things you can control. That's your actual voice in your mind. And the unconscious ones are just thoughts that pop up. I don't know where. You know? So, your long goes off. I don't want to wake up. Unconscious thought. Your real conscious thought is, alright, I gotta get up. Which one wins? At least if you actually want to wake up, you're conscious thought wins. So, with the training, with the dining, with the everything, as many unconscious thoughts that pop up with, like, I don't want to do it. I'm going to save it for later. And what's the point of this? You've got to shut that down, take control of it, and save yourself in a firm action-based approach I'm doing this. Regardless of feeling, regardless of circumstance, like, you know, try to get real stoic about it. Because the more that you can do that, and I'm not even talking, like, be it completely emotionless, whatever what I'm trying to say is, like, to do things that make you better comfortable, to do things that are a bit hard, that's the value. If it was easy, everybody would do it, and then it wouldn't be cool. So, that's all I'm getting out there. And I can really relate to that this morning. I woke up, got up, brushed my teeth, everything. It was getting ready to go to cardio, laid back down, slept another hour. That was quite cozy. And honestly, I didn't mind getting the extra sleep, because I probably needed a little bit more recovery. But, you know, it's made me like extra drowsy, because I had gone back to sleep. And I would not really feel like doing the hour cardio this morning. Like, my unconscious thoughts were really firing, dude. A full hour, that is nuts, man. Come on. It's Christmas. Go home. You have presents waiting for you. No. No, shut it down. Right? And those unconscious thoughts are not you. Right? Your actual, you know, identity and being is how you respond to. Right? And which one do you decide to empower, and which one do you decide to completely negate, and don't even give any values, dude. So, that's a pretty powerful thing, I feel. So, all that's just, I do what even if you don't feel like doing it. And you'll be better for it. But playing for tomorrow, I believe, oh, I do. I believe a leg day, but I guess we'll just have to see it. But today's arm day, I didn't really feel as though I had a skin splitting pump. Oh, dear spotted. I mean, I felt like pump's a little more normal, but the leaner you get, and especially the more carb depleted that I get, the less like, abrupt, the change of being pumped to unpumped up. Now, the vein factor was up. Like, even just sitting there doing those dumbbell curls on the mirror, like my forearms were starting to look extra freaky. So, I mean, within the next few weeks, that freak factor should increase to, literally, just new territory, which I'm really excited about. But, you know, the actual, like, subjective enjoyment of the lift, in terms of, like, just pure performance, not as crazy as fully pumped or fully bulked rather. But, that's the given take, right? The point of the dieting phase is not to stimulate and grow new tissue, it's to stimulate and maintain the tissue that have already built, and peel off the fat on the outside to reveal it. So, the more you can sort of put that purpose in your mind, the easier it'll get to accept like, okay, I'm not lifting as much as I was a few months ago when I was, you know, an extra 30, like almost 35 pounds of body weight. I was just looking at a couple pictures back, like, four months ago. A couple, not even, like, only a few months into that last bulking phase. Very different look. Now, of course, I'm, you know, carved a pleary right now, so. Ooh, a little bit on the flatter side, but still cool to see. So, all that's to say is, I am definitely feeling the fatteness of the diet, but nothing I can handle. Nothing I can't freaking handle. So, playing for tonight, your home, slams the mags, eat nothing else. Take my vitamins, drink it on a water, go straight to sleep, and then get ready for some early cardio tomorrow. So, I will, uh, I guess I'll just see you then. I'll probably post a, I'll make a little YouTube post about a Q&A to, uh, I'll give another one of those going. Probably, probably want to give it a specific theme, though. Sometimes they get a little bit too wide in terms of the ideas that you get discussed. And sometimes there's a bunch of just comments about, like, Genghis Khan or, like, the ris-lard. And as funny as those are, that really fitness related. So, I, uh, I'll go to see if it's my own first. Whatever that ends up being.