Alright, so today, today is a rough one. And the reason I say that is because across the nation or at least any Christmas celebrating places, a lot of gyms are going to be closed with no consideration for the gym rats who are still going to work out on Christmas. So the reason I say that, that means there's going to be a lot of unplanned hand and potentially unnecessary rest days, which I've got nothing wrong with a rest day. Frankly, I'm planning on taking one here pretty soon myself. But what I don't love is just taking them arbitrarily. I mean, what's the, oh, that's somehow spent virginity. But it's like, look, I'm not saying you are like not giving it 100% if you're not going to work out on Christmas or I knew you're so any time other else, whatever. But you wouldn't hurt. So if you've got a gym that's 24 hour access or anything like that, hopefully you can make use of it. So that's how I'm a little spoiled. I get some special access for tonight. But either way, I wouldn't stress doing that. Make a few gyms closed. Don't feel too bad. Like I've had a lot of lifts that were shut down, just due to whatever. I probably the worst one. Once this is like a pretty bad snowstorm. I've had a couple snowstorm stories, generally, but this is a while ago back when I was in school. Everything was shut down. Like roads, school, all classes, all work, everything. And I called the head and the plan of fitness that was 15 miles over. They said they were open. So in my mind, I'm like, yep, let's make my way over there. Now, of course, I was, I don't want to say almost crash or anything. But it was pretty slick. There was no cruise in the 30 miles an hour down the road. Like this was like, if you were going 20, you were probably going too quick kind of a situation. Like a real snow emergency. And I get there and they had shut down shop. It was progressively getting more and more snowy. So they decided to call it, shut it down. And of course, there's no way to tell because if you call it, you know, nobody answers, but there's no, they don't post out on their Facebook or their Instagram or anything. So it's kind of just like up to you. But either way, I go over there, totally closed. Luckily enough, there was another gym just a couple miles down the road. That's 24 hours. And there. Well, they didn't let me in per se. It was daytime. So the doors were just kind of open. So I had legs that day, I walked in, checking out and go up a couple of guys who were warming up. I say, did you guys check in or make his members here? And then they tell me, no man, I'm the same boat as you. We just showed up because the people who were supposed to be working, they didn't maybe want to show up. But either way, all that's to say, you know, one lift isn't in the hardship. But when that one, what's one lift is going to hurt? Mentality starts to take a little bit too much hole and starts to become a repetitive thing. Then it's no longer, well, one lift won't hurt. If you say that a lot, then the statement becomes false. Now it's like, dude, you know, 30 lift won't hurt. A few weeks off won't hurt. You know, come on, bro. You've been dieting for a year, always dieting. And I never see anything good. Well, let's go ahead beat ups right now. I could probably no holds bar just going nuts eat about 8,000 calories in a day. If I was thinking to myself, okay, I just want to go totally nuts anything I want to eat. Let's just eat it. Who cares about what my goals are? I'm hungry. Let's only try to, like, please my stomach and everything else related to it. And if that were the case, yeah, let me tell you something. That would not be good in a dieting context. That would, oh my goodness. I mean, that could, that's four days from the calories. Oh, that's four days with my calorie intake. That I could probably just slam by letting loose. So all that's to say is the one day won't hurt mentality. I think is inherently flawed. I was going on about this a couple of days ago. Or maybe he's yesterday and the drive back to the gym. But yeah, one lift won't hurt if that statement was true. Like taking a couple of days off here and there, you're not scheduling whatever. Like don't stress. But when that becomes a habitual thing, you can go from locked in the locked out pretty damn quick. And in a dieting context, oh, context, context. You could completely undo two weeks of good work with a diet in one day of a crazy refute surplus. Like just go on this cheat day. It's not, and that's where the long term delay gratification side of it comes because you know, one day a dieting is kind of as uncomfortable as it's going to get. And it's not even a noticeable change. Like I don't look in the mirror one day to the next or even every couple of days to the next and think to myself, wow, I'm so much leaner than it was before. Like when I look at the changes from like month to month or two months, it's pretty drastic. Like I always see all the, like all the sand edits and stuff. And there's clips from the end of this last bulking phase to now. And that is a, that is a pretty noticeable. All different in leanness, but you know, it's been almost three months of like straight dieting without really any hiccups at all. So it's going to take a little while. All that is, so all that's to say, try to put some more value on like two month, even three month long terms to start to see progress. Because anything short of that, I mean, you're just not going to get the return on the investment that you're aiming for. For anybody who's a bit more short-sighted and needs like an instant like, okay, I want to be this like damn it. It's not going to happen with that. But if you can get used to just day and day out, work out this time, add cardio this time, start getting the new macros before you know it. Like I love saying this a lot of the time is going to pass anyway. There's no stopping that. So six months later, the guy who's locked in for the versus the guy who's not, it can be pretty drastic, especially in a fat loss context, you know, really locking into a deficit, even just starting the gym at all versus nine can be pretty substantial in terms of the changes that you can make. Even just half a year. So if that's anything that you guys are thinking about for going to the next year, I mean, before you know what it's going to be July, it'll be like that. And I can say that with certain TV is I'm kind of just thinking back to a couple of times like last year or even like years ago when I thought that exact thing in myself, like this time, you know, I feel like it was just three years ago or just four years ago. It's like the time is going to pass. Now you have the control of either being able to look back and think, all right, did I kill it or what's a good word and what's a good phrase that could rhyme with that? Did I kill it or did I, did I shrill it? I don't know either way, fast forward six months, the guy who's locked in is going to be able to look back and think, wow, I'm going to wait a different spot than I was before. Yippee, that's a pretty cool thing to be able to say. It's definitely the minority, the majority of people, well, they probably won't even start a new age resolution, they'll just say they're going to do it. But if you're here, we, we already know what we're doing, right? We get the gist. So I think no more chatin. Let's just go get this back pump started. So I've got three options for the most part. I've got pull downs, pullovers and rows. And for back, that's pretty much it. I mean, you got dead lifts, but not really a deadlift or in general. And also, dieting down probably not your best bet. I mean, my hamstrings are probably still beyond fire from legs to days. So the dead lifting, hip-hinging back focused stuff, that's off the table. So I have a habit of starting with a lot of pull downs. So I think the spirit of changing things up, let's start with some single arm pullovers. And I like the one arm more, it's just, I can just feel it better. Like if I have a rope right here, then something about like, you missed pullover movement with both arms at once. I feel like I kind of run into myself, you know, whereas if I have one arm, I'm going to move it like facing away from the cable. I just feel like I can squeeze my lats way harder if you maybe catch my drift. But let's do five on either side, repeat until cooked. And then probably do that a couple more times. Less side first. And this is a moderate weight for sure. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Oh my gosh. Yeah, I want to more those. Yeah, let's get my last skill. Your choice for set number one, or movement for one rather. No. No. No. It's jam. Oh my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Let's move on. Awesome. Two sets as a let. Let's get some shoulder width grip neutral pull ups. So the fact that I'm dieted down and I'm a little bit lighter, this is actually a reason that's set. And one thing that I've definitely noticed is I'm doing some of these reps quick, like fast, rapid style sets. I think half a reason I'm doing that is because my endurance is much lower on a set by set basis than when I'm bolt. It's almost like a hard quick set is easier than a slow long one. Plus definitely feels like it's working. Yeah. We got that's here. Give it a few. Here we go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my gosh. One more douse. Oh, goodness. Oh. Oh. Dude. Oh my gosh. Let's move on to something real focused. Last mighty be over coach after four in a row. Seat of some kind. This is Benchewl do perfectly. How about yay far from a floor height cable. And then two de-handles. So the stack, especially some of these like cable fly stacks, not the craziest thing in the world. So do a set of these rows, especially with two arms or once. But the fact that it's a little lighter means I really want to feel my shoulders. Feel like they're trying to wrap around my spine and touch behind me. Same with my shoulder blades and my elbows. But probably elbows is the easiest to imagine. But either way, this would even be more squeeze focused. Yeah. You know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. One more. I'm going to make these some kind of pies reps. So in the beginning one I'm strong. Half or yep. Stop. Then finish the second part of the rep. And it's not magically more stimulating. But it just kind of helps me really focus on the squeeze. This really helped me feel my biceps on dumbbell curls. Instead of just feeling like I'm pulling my hands. Doing some rest spas reps or some, I guess you'd say half paws reps helps me with that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I got a plan. One more set should be all that's necessary. So I'll explain that set exactly one second. So nasty reps exactly the same as the last set and the C-dero. And then jump over here to this pull down, which at 100 or so pounds should be enough weights. Oh, I can have a let's see 130. The point of this is enough weights to feel it squeeze and burn. But you know, not so much weight that I started using my traps or my my forms and my biceps to lift it. Because I'm not doing a full time pull that I'm doing just back. So this should let my whole traps to last get fully pumped. Then we can find some freaky lighting and see how we're looking. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I got a few. Yeah. Oh, that's enough. Let's see how we're looking. There we go. All right. The rare natural lighting posing. Usually I come into the gym so late there's no, there's not even any natural lighting to enjoy. But luckily enough it's just bright enough to get some going. So let's see how we're looking. We'd have fully pumped back. See you later. Oh. Oh. Oh, yeah. Oh, my gosh. All right. Well, fully pumped. I feel like I'm getting reasonably freaky honestly. That's sort of a shot right there when you're a little bit of extra zoom in action. So we're definitely getting leaner, but I'm getting a couple of comments where some of you're like, Oh, you're so ready right now. Let's just say I wish. No, show ready is a few levels freaky here than this, which I guess you just make me even more excited because that means I'm even leaner. That's at the cost of still no more treats for the wild. Would you like to take it? But I'll be lying to you if I said it was like absolutely effortless. What do you do way? Back done? I got a little bit of cardio to do. Let's get the car. There we go. All right. 30 minutes complete. It wasn't even that bad. Like with the cardio, I'm not going to lie to you. I'm not going to sit here and tell you cardio is the most fun activity in the freaking planet. That would simply just not be true. But I'm not going to under or over. It's the word. Overestimated. It's difficult to eat either. I mean, it's not the hardest thing. It just kind of takes a while. I saw somebody comment and the comment was a little sleazy. The guy who was basically like, you know, cardio isn't even that hard. It's boring. Well, that's sort of the part that makes it hard. You know, the fact that you have to just sit there and pedal and do it. You know, so, well, to a to a to rabbits running around there. That's fun. But yeah, I mean, it's not the most exciting thing in the world. You sit there. You're pedaling time slows like the theory of relativity. I'm talking Einstein's style. I'm sure he must have had a side, probably a side theory. At least if he was in the fitness where he would say, time appears to pass it about 40% normal speed, whilst sitting on a cardio bike, which he's probably about right. But luckily enough, we've got this, right? The most exciting, interesting, brain-stimulating thing on the freaking planet, which can be a bit too much sometimes. Obviously, you know, he and that's what's been on your phone 24-7. But for a little time like that, I mean, that is the perfect time to sit around and just straight plane your phone and watch some shows or stuff. Because that's all you're trying to do really pass the time. You know, so I can guarantee that 80% of us are spending easily two hours a day at least completely wasted just sitting on our phone doing nothing. And I am not an exception that is for sure. So if I'm already getting spent sometimes just sitting on my phone doing nothing else, why not pedal man? And that's where having a cardio bike at home is pretty cool. I'm thinking about getting one. I don't have so much space at the apartment. So it's like, I don't really want a cardio bike to be the center of the linearum. That might be a little much. But I do have this little, like, little kind of apartment gym. It's right there. So it does make doing the cardio kind of easy having that stuff right out right next to it. So that's where I would recommend. I guess it's a little bit late. This would be, you know, a delayed Christmas gift to you to yourself or two somebody that you might know. But there's a million pieces of cardio equipment all over like Craigslist and everything else. So if you notice somebody with a truck or like your car with a, you know, some room space in the back. A cardio bike at the house that needs to, you know, it plugs in. It's the same as the ones in the gym. It might not be as tough or whatever, but still solid. That's only like probably a hundred or maybe 200 bucks away. So, you know, it's like that is definitely going to save you some time. And just having it there, I think that helps. So I usually end up going to the gym anyway for the cardio. But that's kind of because I sort of just like the environment, but any time I'm going to rush having the cardio equipment at home has been a freaking life safer. So that's where I would, I mean, I'm sure you probably have a treadmill sitting in your, in your basement or if you've moved out in your parents basement, which is now just kind of holding stuff. I mean, I've got a, in my parents basement, we've still got the treadmill and it's covered in boxes now. It's just not getting any use. So even though it might feel like a little much having the cardio bike at the house is pretty nice. That actually, I've been looking into some of the ones where it's like just the pedal apparatus. And then you can sit on your own seat or whatever. Like imagine having that under my desk and then you could just sit there and pedal. But I probably won't, won't my office chair to get like drenched in sweat. And none of them look good. Like those ones are like, like I'm scanning the Amazon, like 300 bucks and I think it looks really cheap. So there's, there's kind of go, not any getting around the size component of it. But the at home cardio bike, that is definitely a freaking hack. And then I guess, kind of playing into the same theme as when you're driving to the gym. Haven't some equipment at home. Definitely nice because you don't have to go anywhere. And more so it's, you don't have any excuses not to use it because it's right free in there in front of you. You know, so just something to think about. If you've got some spare space or you guess you can put it outside, might get a little cold though. I don't know if I'm going to do cardio in the sub 10 degree weather that we're going to get in the next couple of weeks. But either way, that puts me in about 1,300 calories. So far consumed. I've got about 100 grams of protein left and about 40 ish grams of carbs. So I'm going to try my damn does not to exceed that, which I don't think you'll have much trouble with, but still. It's definitely something I've got to be very conscious about at all times. Because if I wasn't being completely OCD and tracking every single macro and calorie that I'm eating, I wouldn't get the dieting results that I'm aiming for. Like there really is no getting around the fact that you have to be on it. With the training, you can train a little bit more casually, like do a three times a week for a while if you're extra busy here. Like you can tone back on the training and you still see some results. Like you're not going to be totally screwed or anything. But with a dieting, like if your end goal is fat loss, there really is no getting around the fact that you have to be tracking the stuff. Every meal. Because if you don't, then spare calories add up and they add up so quick. It's not even funny. Like I can't even, it's kind of hard to explain it, but it's maybe not explained, but it's not something you usually think about. Because right now I'm tracking everything. Every time I eat some like cubed steak that I made in the suvi and have like sitting in the Tupperware, I'm weighing out the amount that I just ate or I'm staying with the ground beef and same with the loaf at mannings. Like if you've got to weigh it all out and make sure I don't. Because if I don't, then let's say I'm eating 2,100 calories right now. And I have to keep at or below and very rarely I might below that limit to continue getting leaner. So if I don't track a couple of squirts to catch up, if I don't track a couple dollops of barbecue sauce, or maybe I open the pantry. Oh, I don't know if they're called. You know the orange like peanut butter crackers like that come in packs like for kids lunches. I really like those. I have a few sitting in the cupboard if I ever want one. But if I were to open the pantry and think, oh, I might want to have one of these. I have four put it back. You didn't even think about it. I don't feel full. I barely ate anything. But let's say I do that even just four times in one day. That could be 150 calories every time. Maybe not with the ketchup, I believe the barbecue sauce. But you know, even the craziest thing is the like general consensus of like what healthy food is or isn't. Even always freaking accurate men. Would you think that like ranch and carrots is a healthy snack? Would you think that like peanut butter and celery is a healthy snack? I would argue. Yes. And it's not like it's bad for you. That's not an upset. But it's like if I'm trying to get leaner, just eating foods that are, you know, can put in the envelope of like healthy. It's not going to work because they still have a ton of freaking calories, man. I mean, I can have 500 calories probably without even thinking about it. If I took a tub of peanut butter and sort of dip in celery sticks into it for like five minutes. Like five sticks of celery with some peanut butter scooped on it, that could, I mean, if I'm really eating a lot, that could be 800 calories. That's almost half the calories. I even half the eat or get to eat per day and just one second, you know? So what I'm trying to emphasize is like if you're not on it, then it's like leaving a plate of, it's like leaving a dinner plate out and your dog is sitting right there looking at it. If you don't want them to get that plate, if you don't want to eat your food, you've gotta be watching. Because the second you turn around, boom! Dinner gone. So, or in my case, Rocky, actually all three of the cats are there bad. They will take food off my plate if I leave it there. Which I guess is nice because it makes me keep the kitchen clean. Like I can't leave food out, but still. It's like you gotta be watching this stuff a hundred percent of the time. And that's not like an exaggeration. Like I don't want to make that sound like you gotta be on your shit 24-7 grind. Like that's not what I'm trying to get at. It's just a matter of fact that if whatever goal you have that is related to your calorie intake, then you just have to be on it, man. So, that's why I really push the calorie tracker and like count your macros and everything. Having that app open at all times, like, it just lets you get a grasp of just how much food you're really eating. And I'm not even saying that you have to, or that it's a good idea. It's a start, like, full-bore, macrotracking, crazy, huge deficit, or crazy huge bulk at a nowhere. Because then it's too much. Like you're trying to add away to many variables. But I really can't stress the value of just having a macrotracker. And then for a few days, I'm not even saying weeks just for a few days. Try as like just a challenge for yourself to see how much food you're really eating. Like 80% of the food that reading anyway has a macrotracker on it, or a nutrition facts on the back. Flip it over. Okay, I just had this bag of cool ranch Doritos. 10 grams of fat, 24 grams of carbs, 2 grams of protein. Put it in the oven. And just for the day, I guess for the day would be the first step. Just really see how much food you ate that day. And odds are, after just one day of doing that, day two will feel much easier. Day three will feel much easier. Before you know it, you're a damn macrotracker at heart. You know? So I can't get over it. Because if I wasn't doing that, if I wasn't limiting my calories, I wouldn't be getting leaner. I'd just stay the same size, which is another wrongly that. If that were my goal, but I'm trying to trim body fat. So that's the only way I know how to do it. Right? Make sure I burn more fuel than I consume so that my body has to break into its reserves. A.K.A. right? The little bit of blood in between skin and heart core beef. And I want that layer to be as thin as possible, so I can look as freaky as possible. Now, if I were dieting purely in between bulks, like I usually do, then I'd probably be almost over. Like, I'm leaning enough to the point where I would be comfortable starting a new bulk. And I feel like my appetite's kind of reset, like I'm back to baseline. But that's not the end goal of this dieting phase. We're taking it a couple levels further. So tomorrow I have gotten an arm day. Probably arms in a little bit of shoulders. Half just because, I don't, it's shoulders that much. They're kind of developed over-developed compared to my arms, so I don't feel like I'm really missing out too bad. But especially right now, I mean, I'm not building any new muscle. So, me as well, pump that some, pump that some lateral raises and face bowls. I've got a lot of blood flowing and see how they look extra inflated. And then paired with a freaky arm pump too. That'll be pretty cool. But either way, I'm headed to Christmas Eve dinner. So, one last little note here, Mary Freak and Liftless. I will see you tomorrow for what I hope to be. The freakyest arm day yet.