So no training today. No weight-based training for me today. I think a rest day might be an order. But...not exactly. Does it, uh... Does it still count as a rest day if you do a substantial amount of cardio? Well there's no weight-based, you know, central nervous system stressing stimulus. So I would say so. So I already finished the morning cardio, which is more like a 10, six or so hours. The past it's now four-ish. It's gonna be a little while before I actually get there. That's about right. So my cardio of choice has been either the seated bike or just the incline treadmill. Usually a bit of a combination of the two, where I'll do like 30 minutes on the bike, followed by 30 minutes on the treadmill. If I feel like it, like if I can tell my quasi starting to get a little extra fatigued from the bike, then I'll switch and do 30 on the treadmill to finish. But, you know, if the bike's cruising, just sit there for the hour. It's definitely not the easiest thing in the world though, because it's not really exciting. It takes a while. It's kind of just generally difficult. Like not insanely difficult. Like one rep max, but it's like, you know, you just tire on yourself out. You're breathing heavy or heart rate elevated. But it's not that bad. So that's kind of, that's usually how I think of it. And by the time I get my music plan, especially if when I shuffle it, there's like a pretty solid stream of good songs. And then I'm just sitting, you know, playing the classroom, or something like my phone, or like watching a movie, or whatever. The time passes by pretty quick. Like it's not a, you sort of get yourself into a cell. And honestly, I think that this sort of stint of like extra crazy long cardio for me is going to be good in the long run, because now instead of doing, you know, an hour cardio session in the morning, then an hour cardio session, the evening, once I'm done dieting, I go back to my regular 30 minutes every morning. It's going to feel like freaking heaven. I don't know what I'm going to do with myself with all that extra time. But you definitely don't have to do hours upon hours of cardio to get the benefits. But I do think that there's a pretty solid threshold that lies around that 30 minutes per day mark. And some guys are going to say, you know, you should get 150 minutes per week of elevated heart rate, stage two, something or other cardio. Usually I just think about it like, and because I'm not aiming for a specific heart rate or anything, I kind of just set it at a difficulty, which is doable for me. But it's pretty consistent where usually it ends up being about 300 calories per 30 minutes that the machine says, which honestly isn't really an awesome way to go about it. Like every time I bring up the cardio, just some guys still ask me if I'm like deducting the amount of calories I've burned from the cardio from my daily calories that I'm eating. Like, okay, if you just did 300 calories of cardio, do you now eat 300 more calories of food? Not, it just seems kind of rude to mention, you know? Like, if your cardio is extra, then I guess you might have something, there might be something to that. But for me, at least, I consider my daily activities of the cardio sessions in the lift or now the cardio session, the lift and the cardio session after not today of course, we're just doing double the cardio. But that's just sort of the day. That's like just what I do. And then I'm just adjusting my calorie intake slowly over time. You know, trying to really balance the two out. I think you kind of get lost in the, you know, like the complications of it. It's like, okay, I crap. I accidentally ate an extra hundred calories because I had some, I had some M&M's that were sent out of bowl on the table. All right, the better doing extra hundred calories of cardio, it's, it's not a rabbit hole. I really catch myself going down. But I do think you're really missing out. If you're not at least adding, even like, just try 15 minutes after you next lift. Like, let's see how to chest-day. It was pretty good. You're already sweating. You're already already took your free workout to get some caffeine in your system. Just pop a squat and see the bike. Now, set it to difficulty eight. Start repenet and just see what happens. That's, that's kind of as easy as you can get into it and then go from there. But I mean, look, how long are you spending just playing around in your phone anyway? This is probably my greatest argument of point for why you guys should begin your cardio going because, I mean, pull it up, man. Open your settings, open your screen time. How many hours of Instagram, TikTok, YouTube have been accumulated over just today? And today isn't even over, like, I guess it depends when you're watching this. But either way, look, I know there's a couple hours there. There might even be a lot of hours there. You know, and I'm not here to pass any judgment, I'm guilty as well. I've got some greasiest phone hours. But why not make use of some of that by spending that time instead of just completely passively, just make it a little bit more active by petling around. So, maybe make a trip to the gym, or I would recommend looking around, honestly, right now, might not be the best time that demand might be a little higher on like all the Facebook market plays ads for all the, like, at home cardio equipment and see the bikes and treadmills because it's new years kind of hype motivational season or whatever. But, you know, keep an eye out. I'd say at least one in five American homes have a piece of cardio equipment in them. Now, I'd say much smaller percentage have cardio equipment that actually gets used. But, they're wrapped. And that does save you an extra drive to the gym. Like, I, you know, the reason I'm going to the gym for this cardio and set is just doing that. My apartment gym is I want to go in the sauna afterward. And that apartment gym does not have a sauna. It's called as a sea of bike. So, that's going to be my plan for this, this day is kind of, uh, I don't even think I can really call it a rest day. I still will, but it's really just a cardio day. It's a better, uh, probably a better representation. But, basically what I'm trying to say is my next few steps are an hour of cardio, either all on the, uh, on a sea of bike or a mix of half bike, half treadmill. I'll have to see you kind of how I feel. Followed by 15 minutes in the sauna, followed by coming home, and then taking an episode's salt bath. Get some of that, uh, magnesium, magnesium, what? What is that? Yep. I can't remember. Well, either way, you know, kind of a classic little recovery mix, plus it doesn't like a freaking, you know, hot bath every now and again. But for me, let's go get the cardio started. And then for you, I think we'll just jump straight back to the car. A lot of, uh, but a car, it's talking for this lift, if that, uh, is that what you're going? All right. It might not exactly be the best angle. I tried to set it to manual focus, so I could see the timer like, you know, tick up to the hour mark and like, you know, speed it up at the cool looking kind of time lapse. But there's really not much to see. Kind of just sit down and Blake clash Royale. I, um, I'd say my win right tonight was maybe, uh, it was probably 50, 50. I just broke into the 7,000 trophy range, so it's like, you know, I'll get on, I'll go on a run, I'll get up to like, 7,200 and then three losses in a row, back to, back to 71. Okay, back to 72. Oh, back to 7,000. So, you know, but I don't really get too pressed about it. I, uh, when I was younger, I'd be playing clash, and I'd actually, like, I'd actually get upset when they're in e-mode at on me. But now it really just is a good way to pass the time. And I feel like I get into a little bit of a locked-in stay, you know, it's like you feel pretty good when you predict that the dude is going to fireball your minion hoard and you pre-place a monk and you have him do the sort of like defensive move and then you send it back. Yeah, that, that definitely gets you going. But, yeah, I mean, that was like, that hour past like nothing. Now, I kind of put myself into a little bit of a Zen state by just spamming, uh, just spam and clash royal games. But I don't think that, uh, you know, do whatever. I'm sure everybody probably has a certain activity that would kind of get their time passing extra quick. I was, uh, one of my buddies he always tells me that he's still in, because he's on the hour and a half-ground of cardio too. He's trying to trim down. And he's telling me what it gets him going is just scrolling through like Twitter conspiracy theory threads into like the craziest like disclose military, style document, whatever kind of stuff. And it's like he can just get in, get yourself into a rabbit hole like that. And that gets you going. And then the time is going to pass like nothing. Like I really do think that's a pretty good, uh, like I'm bringing you that again, that argument about how much time are you spending on your phone doing nothing anyway. And I'm not, I'm not saying like why fuck you on your phone all the time. Put that, no, I'm saying you're all like we're already sitting around playing on a phone anyway. So to add the constructive use of the time with the cardio and just literally be doing the exact same thing, it's a pretty good boost. And you're, you could still spend an hour just scrolling Instagram. But at the end of it, you get to say, hey, I did my cardio or even just 30 minutes of cardio. I'm I'm saying now, or just because I'm crazy. Like he just 30 minutes, like, oh, 30 minutes over, leave. It's really not the hardest thing in the world. It's definitely more difficult than just sitting on the couch chilling. But it's not the hardest thing in the world. Like I was thinking about that when I was sitting there, like the cardio really has zero barrier to entry. There is no skill requirement. There is no, uh, like history of training requirement. Anybody at any level could set the cardio to like a moderate difficulty for them. You know, sit there, read their heart rate, get up to like 1, 20, 1, 30 years, have them. And just, you know, chilling break is what? Like, do not underestimate the power of just adding that. Like, if you took a guy who didn't change anything about his diet, he changed nothing about his sleep routine and his hydration. Obviously improving all those things would improve the results. But let's just say that everything else stay the same. And then you change the variable of you made him do 30 minutes on the seated bike every morning. Burn 300 calories. Not the craziest thing in the world. The guy who would start getting freaking leaner, you know, like he wouldn't be shredded in two months. But he probably started losing, you know, whatever amount of, uh, I mean, potentially even like a freaking, uh, hmm. Oh, goodness. Like a freaking pound a week, you know, changing nothing else. And odds are, if you're started doing your cardio, you know, well, let's, let's, let's not even say daily. Let's just say you start doing your cardio three times a week. You probably will start caring about your diet and your hydration. You're resting your recovery and everything else. Like, as much as, I'm given all this like, consistency advice and everything else about like the vector of just muscle growth and performance base training. Like, okay, I want to build my arms as big as I can get them. I want to build my back as why does I can, I want my legs as thick as they can be. I want to train like this. I want to do my cardio like this. I want to track every macro. Like, that's what it takes. Right. That of course, all those things piled up together is going to form an awesome support structure for you to make badass gains. But there's a very large, if not complete overlap of the working out for just, you know, the vein motivation of getting more muscles, it's just also freaking good for you, man. Right. I mean, somebody who's got a solid sleep routine because they care about their recovery, and they want to work out hard. They're drinking more than enough fluids to stay totally hydrated. They're reading a reasonably balanced meal, more than enough protein, reasonable carbs, sources, nothing crazy on the fat side. Like, they're not getting McDonald's every freaking meal. You know, it's not even talking like, well, you can, you can supply some in. But what I'm saying is somebody who has an active routine like that in the bodybuilding side of things, like they're just trying to be like a bigger lifter. They're just going to feel better in general. Like, doing your cardio, training, having a certain sort of buff stats in terms of your strength, it just makes daily life like a little easier, you know? And especially for anybody a little bit on my older side of the demographics, shouldn't it? We're all up against time. I mean, don't forget, it's, you know, those old heads used to be 20 year old, spray young ones, freaking running around. Like, they've got, uh, you've got all the time in the world, and then dude, it can get tricky to pick up a 40 pound luggage bag and put it overhead on the plane. And that is a pretty serious motivator, I feel where if you've got anybody a little older in your family, you know, you're living with, you've seen enough, bring them to the gym with you or try to schedule it so that you guys go at the same time. You don't have to do the same stuff, but having some weight-based exposure, I mean, the lifting for me is never going to stop. Be it, uh, I mean, I'm going to like slow down in terms of size, eventually just downsize to a regular, even out of regular, dude, probably always be above, uh, above baseline for sure. But the point isn't going to be complete mass in the long run. Eventually, you just got to work at, you know, keep yourself moving and healthy. So we've all seen the, um, um, if you haven't, then there's these really compelling MRI scans, basically just like a visual slice of, you know, some 65, some 70-year-old legs, and it shows you like their outer sort of skin layer, their inner, what their femur, their thigh bone right in the middle, and then you've got a big mass of muscle and a certain amount of body fat. And the guys who worked out and had weight-based exposure, even get into their freaking 70s, this whole chunk of everything was basically all muscle. You know, they were a little bit leaner, of course, too, but if you keep that exercise up, then that's just going to be the case. And then the ones who weren't working out, it was a pretty serious discrepancy, a body fat, to actual muscle and then to bone. The weights are freaking important. So, uh, I was about to say at any age you should be, you know, rocking around in the weight room. Maybe not if you're like 10, you know, there's definitely an age where you just focus on, you know, playing games and sports or whatever else. You don't have to start slamming the gym for a little while. And that's, uh, not trying to crush anybody's dreams if you get a little brother who's got like an Arnold post-traum of the wall and he's like, that's going to be me right there. You got some time. You know, you definitely have some time. You don't have to start that early. I'd say mid, uh, so that's a go off on a totally different tangent. But when's it good time to start working out? Wait to based like physical style training? I don't. I'm not your dad. Maybe, uh, because you know, when it's, you know, a stunt your growth, you know, like if somebody tried, uh, if somebody started like really doing crazy, serious power lifting style workouts when they're like, you know, 10 years older something that might mess with you. Same, uh, same thing with like the gymnastics, too. I don't know why I was, uh, I don't know why I started thinking about that. But either way, further, most part, everybody should be working out. Now, do you have to take it this seriously as, you know, all the top kind of bodybuilder guys? No. Not working out doesn't have to be your thing, but it definitely should be one of your things, you know. You don't have to be a die hard, freaking gym rat, to enjoy getting an occasional pump and elevating your heart rate on a cardio machine at least a couple of times a week. Because it really will just do you good. And we all know this, too. Like the basics of working out, really the basics of anything. Everybody knows, like how do you, how do you get bigger? Well, well, you lift weights. Well, should you lift them harder? Should you just do like a a couple easy sets? Now, you should probably push yourself pretty hard if you aren't real results. We all know it. It's just that it's like the fact of nature. We all know this. All right. Well, let's say you want to get a little leaner. You want to look like you're in shape, too. You're not even for a mind-backer build. You're aiming for more of like, uh, you know, more of a sprig, kind of, hybrid athlete. Like you're one of the guys who wants to be able to say he can run a form in a mile and squat for 15. All right. Well, you might be a little on the softer side. Maybe up upwards of the 20% body fat range. You might have a couple of forearm veins, but abs, you get some, you get some stuff to work on. How are you going to get rid of it? Well, I'll probably stop you so much, you know, treats and sweetened stuff, starting a little bit more, less sugary foods, just eggs and proteins and broccoli and cauliflower and rice and stuff, you know, keep it a little more simple. Yeah, that shit would work, man. We all know the basics and same thing with the cardio. What's, uh, how do you do your cardio? You know, you don't have to put a big, uh, you don't have to put a sweat suit on with a towel or an egg and throwing your converse like rocky running up the steps in, crap. Is it Philadelphia? Is it Pennsylvania? I feel like it's filling. Crap. Fake rocky fan. I don't even remember. Well, you do it. You don't have to do that. Roll up onto any cardio machine or just, you know, go for like a three mile is walk. That's going to count, too. You know, or, you know, hit your steps. Some guys really love talking about getting your steps and even like pretty, pretty hard core, you know, bodybuilder dudes who have really good control over their cardio or over their, uh, like over their body fat percentage. These guys are always preaching just, you know, make sure I hit my 20th something or 15, thousand steps per day. I don't really know how many. Like, yeah, it's, we all know the basics. So the information is all there, especially with all these YouTube videos. Like, I don't, um, I like to think I'm putting out some good advice relative to all sorts of everything, like if I'm talking about the cardio, cover the screens so you don't have to watch the time so that it goes by faster. I didn't do that today because I didn't have, um, I didn't have like a clipboard or anything in there, but I probably should have, I just wanted to see it like tick on the video. And then, you know, just ease into it. Like, that's sort of stuff. But like, I'm not making, these aren't like tutorials, but there's a ton of like instructional style videos really simply laid out like infographics, whiteboard style stuff. Like, okay, how many times should you work out per week? How many minutes of cardio should you do per day? What even is muscle growth? Like, how do you explain? Like, all the videos where it's like, how does training grow muscle? Like, there is such a fast amount of information out there that if you just spent like 30 or so minutes every couple of days and watched a few of those videos actively, like you didn't just hit play and then go do the dishes or something like you're really watching it. You can get, I'd say, what, maybe 70% of the knowledge necessary to really get into work now. And that other 30% isn't even like info you can really read. It's just stuff that you sort of get a grasp of by doing it. So, as much as, uh, as much as it's going to make you feel better. It's going to try to watch a bunch of videos and instructional whatever is on like, okay, how do I do this? What should I do this? And this, your best bet is really just jumping with both feet and try to get after, you know, like, what are you supposed to do? Watch a million, like, to how to do an R-morecat videos and then just never do one or say, okay, whatever, let's go try this. You know, follow your older brother to the gym, asking what to do, go for it. It's, uh, if you get to start somewhere, I mean, that's sort of the, that's sort of something that takes a little bit of probably a little bit of humbleness to be able to say, but it's like, I definitely don't know everything about my training. My training routine is not perfect. I'm trying to, like, constantly improve and make little adjustments every, uh, like, every so often and improve it over time. But especially in the beginning, I mean, I was doing, I was doing, I was doing a way too much. No cardio, but also, it wasn't really, uh, I wasn't really in dire need of cardio in the beginning of my work now because I was also doing diving at the time too. So I'd have a whole diving practice and then I would do my workout after or out of workout and then so I was getting some extra curricular activities going on, swimming around like that. So I think it was hitting my cardio. Like, if you play sports or something, you play soccer and you're working out, that's going to like that counts as a cardio for sure. You're good. But it's what I'm, uh, what I'm getting at is, you're just not going to know everything in the beginning. And nobody who starts anything does, it's something that you just build and learn and improve and gain experience from over time. And then before you know it, you know, you can be talking to somebody you've never met before at the gym who's like, for whatever reason you wanted to ask him something about this. And then now, like, he's one of your best friends and the only reason was because you're like, huh, never seen somebody do a try-sept extension where they put de-handles up to the grooves of the easy bar. That's kind of interesting. I'm doing try-septs. Hey, can I work in with you? Did you come up with that, sir? Nice. Awesome freaking story. That sort of stuff is sweet. But all that's to say is like, as much preparation as you can try to do, nothing's going to be just going for it. You know, so try to have a little bit of a little bit of disconnect from any potential negative thoughts. So like, okay, what, well, oh, they're going to know I'm up again. I've never worked out before. Don't even treat it sweat. There's, uh, any kind of barrier to entry or stigma about like, you're a beginner. Like, really? You know, getting people are on the hunt for the beginner lifter, not even. I say, if you've got that plan of fitness membership tab open or if you know somebody who does enter your freaking credit card info ASAP or be a little sneaky with it with the plan of fitness at least, you can use like a fake email and it'll give you like a free day pass. I'm, you know, maybe don't do that every day. They might start to catch onto you. But it's like, okay, I want to try it. I want to go to the plan of fitness next to my, you know, in my city or whatever. Plan of fitness day pass. I think you just enter the location and then you can put your email into it. Bo me a little QR code. You just walk in like nothing. Be, and that could be day one. That could be day one for millions. But who's to say? Either way, I'm sweaty. I didn't end up doing the sauna because I forgot that closed early. So I'll still go home. Run a bath, finish Scarface. Have a postwork at meal of some ground beef with some sugar-free barbecue sauce and then try to go to bed early. I've been doing the melatonin again. I get these 12-milligrams, strawberry, chewables, fast acting. I, yeah, I'm definitely sleeping a little easier now. I'm having a crazy dreams though, like real, real extra vivid. I feel like I'm going to get a couple of melatonins causing that. But either way, good day of cardio. So that will mean back days actually tomorrow. Yeah, there we go. So I guess I'll see you for what I hope to be a grainy, viny, in sayiny, back day on that day, 92 of this dieting phase. Finally, ask the three month mark. But I will see them.