Alright, this year I think we could all benefit from a pump now and ask questions later attitude. I really think that would be good for us, you know, because there's it's always, well should I do a long stretch focus three secondary centric plate loaded with a elastic band to help with a concentric five second preacher curl or should I do a and then insert, you know, another equally like length the explanation and set up of a movement when it's like let me tell you something pick up some dumbbells go crazy put them down when you're down and then just repeat. So I'm not trying to bash improving your training in no way am I trying to do that and I feel like I've been improving my training pretty consistently in kind of an exponential rate over the last like even just a year there's been a pretty massive change for me in terms of my execution and how my lifts look I mean I've got them all on freaking you know got them all on video like I'll go back and watch the way I've worked out even just last year and then I can go back even further two years ago it's very different and I think I'm better for now having made the changes that I made but so you can kind of get lost in the detail you know it's like I really think this is a good way to look at it you can get a sort of misconception that you're improving what you're doing by pinpointing and hyper fixating on the incorrect point of focus like you're missing the real point you know if somebody wanted to become or if you wanted to you know make somebody a better artist or a better painter you're not just going to suddenly double your painting skills by buying paint that's twice as sensitive if you're trying to um I mean it just it just doesn't freaking work like that you know it's just making use of what you do have and then improving your technique with it so the idea that giving or like the same guy a different workout and then suddenly that different workout will be magically 10% 15% 30% more effective than the other one it's you know you're missing sort of the whole point I'd be more concerned with the guy's intensity like when I watch anybody working out I'm not really thinking oh hmm he just did try to push down right after doing aerobic extensions really you're going to do two downward tricep extension movements in a row you're clearly working the same part of your triceps can you believe this guy or a schmuck know man if the guy's going crazy and I can tell that he's actually hitting legit failure then I'm going to look at that and think oh this guy's trying hard nice all right that's the bar I've been imagine boom do my set of whatever and feed off of that hype and intensity you know like it isn't um it's not just a going through the motion like do a set of this do a set of this do a set of this oh I'm doing everything perfectly right I need to go home it's all over done perfect it's much more subjective than and the idea of boiling down working out to like this just to you know a science for say it's you're kind of losing the human element because this training like working out really pushing yourself it's not a like relaxed and chill state of mind that you're putting yourself in you're really trying to kill it you're getting yourself excited ideally at least for me I mean I'm not the kind of guy to go to no music like I've got whatever kind of songs I'm listening to that I didn't really you know get me really hyped up and I'm getting into like a certain zone in my training where like yes obviously if I'm doing triceps I want to do some stretch focus work with overhead extension as well as some regular push dance stuff and go back and forth between some lighter sets and some heavier sets you know just make sure I get stimulus across the board on my triceps but to take it too much further than that and to you know take away from my energy and focus on just making sure that I really push it and then you know look at my oh my am I getting the perfect angle during this push down am I like I feel like you only got so much energy and sort of like mental capacity of thought at any given time or you know on any even day or whatever so I want to allocate a good chunk or at least a sufficient chunk of that towards making sure that each set is just taken to like a certain level of subjective intensity and I find that that's much more important than you know making sure that your form is absolutely perfectly correct or that you're executing these reps that they exact perfect tempo and it's a lot of the guys where they like they're trying to hype up that kind of training like trying to boil it down into I mean they're just trying to give good tips like they're trying to say how can you improve your training with the most up-to-date like different training methodologies like the basic idea is sweet yes obviously everybody wants more muscle I want to know how to train in a way that's going to make me more muscle of course like the the basic approach is sweet the the problem is a lot of arguments like that that I see especially in like Instagram comments or like threads or anything else it's always not motivated by okay let's try to come to the right answer you know name one time you ever seen a a diplomatic discussion about training in a comment section now this is just an argument the fact that it's about training is completely irrelevant you know these guys just want to come on to sort of any sort of platform they get on to just argue like some guys some people loved argue it's just the nature of things so I just hate that training gets it just doesn't get hyped up as much as I feel it should you know because what a workout is going to be better a 10 out of 10 set by set intensity of some guy really pushing himself doing eight sets of dumbbell curls let's say 10 reps of failure for eight sets on probably pyramiding down and wait there's the guy's going to get a little bit weaker every set or you know the guy who did seven different movements or you know five different movements or whatever but you know the intensity wasn't really there like he was kind of just going through the motions I would hope that it's obvious that the guy who is a killing with the simpler workout would make more progress than the guy scrapping around doing the science he would ever like making sure he does every perfect whatever and of course well just have that guy training is a really hard and do the fancy stuff yeah that I mean that's sweet too you know the problem is I just I don't usually see it as much you know but that's that's more of just a personal observation for me obviously I don't have these stats you know so if you're if it really gets you going to try to think about orienting your workouts by making sure that you're doing it the fancy was way possible and that gets you excited about your training then obviously do that I don't care it's whatever you've got to do to get yourself excited any after because the more lifts that you have that you can leave feeling proud of not in the sense of hitting specific numbers or doing specific new movements or anything else but just in the sense of I really pushed myself today and I know I didn't I'm not lying to myself that's what I want to clock those are the dashes that I want to be able to put on my sort of prison wall and if you're kind of counting the days, staffing or my guard these are all counting and these are all adding up so the basic sentiment of getting at there just get height man getting excited every set if you can really take and you don't have to be locked in you know huffing and puffing your entire workout but you know 15 seconds before each of your sets really take a moment get your music plan take a few breaths all right and then just make this shit happen you know and if you can do that long enough the results will show themselves I can guarantee but let's let's stop chatting I'm getting ready to get some music plan and get this arm day started myself nothing fancy for today looks to all of triceps and then move on switch gears do all a biceps then post that sometimes I get a little bit of like this itch to want to do back and forth just so I can finish arms with a complete pump but I don't think it's probably gonna really lock it it's just one style for every arm that make it a little repetitive so less than the stack but in a way I'll be able to feel and these are going to be slow and controlled rupus expectations reps huh Now this is a set that I do want to do nice and slow and really feel my triceps like gradually loosen loosen loosen and it squeeze again but later when we've on a dips my move a little quicker one more same way then let's do some seated dips I think that'll be a good transition yeah I have been doing the rope all wrong not recently I think I get the gess of the now but I used to do it like this like if you go back a year ago prior even probably less than you watch any arm day I would do I do the whole stack and I sit here and these ropes just look like this and I was it and I thought to feel my triceps but nothing like this slow full stretch squeeze I guess stretch and then a whole squeeze at the bottom the rope feels much better for me with that way but it's going to be some dipsmen change it up and these are going to be tempo wise very similar to the rope with the squeeze at the bottom and it's slow stretchinner there's your drop Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh. All right. One more. A little lighter than that first though. Two thirty and seven. Two ninety. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yeah. Let's go to some cable one. Some overhead. Easy bar extensions will be perfect. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Two. Two. Two. Okay. That feels okay. I think I'm going to finish with regular stop bush towns. Oh, you start to need some curls. So that's three sets of rope, two sets of dips, one set of these and seven sets. Good about what I'm aiming for. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Strap them straps. Start curls something. Let's start with some seated concentration curls combined with self assisted reps. And I can't recommend these enough because not only is this just a good movement. Sit as such kind of rest your arm against your leg is support and then just do some concentration curls. But taking a step above that and then once you hit basic failure, you know, you can only curl it to here. Giving yourself self assistance to the top letting go for an extra five. I mean, it's really, I don't think I'm exaggerating what I say it feels like the damage of two regular work in sets to failure in one when you add that intensifier. So by said volume like lower today starting this way or starting with these sets. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. What do you want like that? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. One more set after this one. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Oh my goodness. Yeah. Yeah. Let me work in. Let's give it some preacher curls. Easy bar style. There we go. Nothing too complicated. Let's just go crazy. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's moving. I know exactly what I want to finish with. That was good though. So, bias was very cut and dry. Techniquize. More stretch focus work with those concentration curls. I really do make a point of trying to make sure I completely like relax my bicep arms totally straight at the bottom of at least the first two of those sets. The third one I was getting a little mussely with it. I didn't really totally relax into this stretch position. But that was a bit more stretch focused. Those preachers kind of in between because at the top of every rep I was really having a good squeeze and a good stretch at the bottom. And then now with a bicep bias pull down, I'm going to just put it to like two pounds for sort of examples of sake. I'm not feeling much tension up here because the weight is like in line with biceps. Like I'm very strong up here. I can probably load like three stacks worth of weight and pull it down this much. Now I wouldn't be able to do that all the way down here in the squeeze position. So this movement kind of gets harder as the rep progresses. So a bit harder at the stretch. I don't know what I'm saying. The squeeze position. So honestly, one set of these plus I'm kind of going to give myself self assistance as the set progresses. Because if I'm about to fail like bicep twice, I can still use my lats a little to help myself. I'm trying not to but at the end of the set I will get some latt activation. Put in the process. I'm telling him to thrash my biceps. And then I am pretty much ready for the post down. Alright. This is essentially the finishing touches in my mind. Let's do it. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh, okay. Oh, I gotta see. Arms complete. I was just finding some light. Alright. Now particularly packed in here right now. So I don't mind hogging some mere space for a little post down here. But honestly, I feel really good. I mean, for the amount of food that have eaten the last couple of days. Because I've kind of just hit a little bit of a calorie drop. If I want to maintain my sort of current rate of fat loss. I feel, dude, I feel as pumped as if I just ate a freaking million grams of carbs. Now part of that might just be biceps specifically. But look. I am not complaining. So let's run through some farm poses. Oh, wait. There you go. Oh, my goodness. Well, that's cool for me. The reason why I'm not a veins super sharp. I mean, just super freaking pumped. Especially my left arm. Like, I'm seeing this sort of bicep vein thicker than I ever see it. Let me do a little breath hold. I really jump it out. Oh, my goodness. Yeah. I've never seen that that pronounced. And I've still got like six more weeks of, well, all this freaking deficit cardio and everything else. Only freakier pumps, like, beyond. Well, let's get out of here. Stop taking up everybody's space. I got cardio to do though. 30 minutes of post cardio. No, I don't want to talk about it. 30 minutes of post lift cardio done. Not my full hour. Don't fret though. I'll simply do that a little bit later in the evening. Because I could kind of tell, since I lifted earlier, this car, I mean, this lift was just closer to when I normally do my morning cardio than I probably would have, well, not closer than I would like, but just closer than I've been doing. So rather than, you know, to leave the lawn and charm of my physical activities before 230, which it is the time now, I'll save a little bit of that cardio for later spread it out evenly across the day. So that means I got a little trip to my apartment gym later for 30 minutes on the seat of bike. Which really fits into, I would say 90% of anybody's schedule. Because this would be the last time I say this for a little bit. She's kind of repeating myself. But I can guarantee if you look at your screen time when you're phone. And I'm the same. We have a crazy amount of time. Just being wasted, right? You're just scrolling, you know, you're just chilling very passively. You're either watching a show or whatever. You can add cardio to the mix and it really doesn't feel like you're doing that much. Because the cardio is mindless. The workout itself, I'm not really the type of guy to have like a podcast going and like a show playing. Maybe if I'm doing more accessory work, like if I'm done with legs, hamstrings and quads, and now I'm doing eight sets of adductors, that's a little different because I'm just kind of going through the motion. Going through the motion of activating my adductors. I'm not doing like failure forced reps of the ad duct machine. So that's a little bit different. But with the cardio, I don't need to sit there and get myself amped up to Metallica. To do 30 minutes or an hour on the C2 bike. Really, I'm trying to do it just to strike myself from the fact that I'm doing the cardio. By sitting around and for me what gets me going the most has been having like a YouTube video or music plan. And then just spamming some some clash royale or like balloons tower defense. Like games that are just slightly, not slightly. They're just, they're mentally like stimulating enough where I'm engaged. And I'm not even thinking about the fact that I've been sitting here. I've had all my legs around for the last 45 minutes. And I'm going to do it for another 15. That's what I found the trick to be with my cardio. And if that's not your thing, the game I've had to do, just place some basketball. If you're sitting around the court, and not even, I want to say it's sitting around. If you're running around the court for real with like a crew, like you guys are actually playing like a 30 minute game. And you have like a little apple watch, or one of the garments or something to track your heart rate. And your heart rate is elevated, like you're basically averaging 130 that whole time. That counts as cardio. That is physical activity raising your heart rate above baseline. That's sick too, man. So if you're still doing any kind of sports or anything, and you've got kind of a balance between your sports and your work and out, then odds are whatever your practice is depending on what you're doing, that's going to count as your cardio. It really is just 30 minutes of being active apart from your workout. At least for anybody who's a lifter. Now for anybody who isn't really into any of it at all, then 30 minutes of just working out is already a big boost from zero. And then you add 30 minutes of cardio on top of that. I mean, look, I'm not particularly political, but the one hour of play, a little bit more kid targeted back in. What was that? 20, was that 2012? Ish, 20, 2010 or something back when I was at school? That we're getting on the right track. That's what we should be seeing more of, you know, and it could be anything. I mean, I'm honestly having a sort of a community center like that with the YMCA. Things like that, or I guess if you've got a really beefy gym, like one of the ones where it has a pool and a basketball court attached, that's pretty cool too. But it's like, you could really do anything. It's a little bit too cold, but if it were summer time right now, then instead of coming to the gym to do this cardio, I would just probably hop onto my bike, put a little phone mount, go back to my high school summer days, and just bike around playing Pokemon Go. Now, it wouldn't be as intense as I really just sit down in the cardio bike, handling at the same level of difficulties when I might go for a little longer. But really all I'm trying to say is the benefits that you get from increased cardiovascular activity on a consistent basis are really under-essual. Under-estimate. I cannot overstate that. But either way, my lift is down, I all have the little more cardio later. Now, I just get to go home and have a awesome postwork at Neil of Ground Turkey and Brock Lesle, Colourflower steamed. I know a lot of calories to be consumed, but I just realized I'm not exactly sure how long it's been since I've had a crisper and it's been a good time to be creamed down at. That's kind of the crumble doesn't really do with for me, the crisper-cream variety, six pack. That's my crumple cookie sort of box, that's my equivalent. And it has been quite a while. I almost said, I forget what it tastes like, you don't forget that kind of thing. But I could think about, I could win, and exchange for leanness, I can delay my crisper-cream intake for a bit longer. Maybe not for, maybe not infinitely long, but for the level of leanness in the time frame of my main and four, I can make it happen, I can save that for later. I'd say something, you'll be the first to know whenever I, whenever the six pack is added to my grocery cart. But that's all I got for arms. I'm going to make sure I get a good night's rest for a leg day tomorrow. Hopefully see some new striations, veins, and everything in between. And then just keep repeating these days until we get to the level of leanness that I'm really aim at for. So, until I'm in, I'll see you for legs tomorrow.