So intro there will be a new intro in very soon very soon I keep just looking up like random copyright free music and then eventually the music gets copyright strikes and then I have to switch it but it's probably about time for a new set of intro poses I was uh so to be completely honest with you I was kind of trying to set up a thing where I could have like basically instead of the white sort of rectangular look in the background I was trying to see if I could figure out a way to like you know not just like CGI like actually have like a fireball and be the background I um I think that idea might be a bust for that it's uh that might be a little bit too much risk of first degree burns as well as uh well whatever so who knows maybe there are actually a new intro for this video we'll just have to see but either way they'll come back with a little little tune but speaking of updates with uh with all the Sam shirts and stuff and the hoodies those are shipping out they've been going uh they've been going the last couple of days that orders are actually kind of getting fulfilled so if you were if you were curious about that things are moving but it kind of takes a little while I think we're not I gotta pull up the analytics again but there's only like so many that are getting shipped out like per day like they're not all it's really hard to get that kind of stuff moving but yeah those are getting shipped so that whole process in the back end word kind of trying to streamline it make sure it gets a little quicker and then for anybody for any of the UK fans which it's about getting close to 20% like when I look at the YouTube stats it's like I think 30-ish percent state side 20-ish UK maybe even like 13-y UK and then it kind of dwindles down from there but yeah I know it's uh that's a big step in terms of the back end of that sort of stuff is having inventory over there already but we're working on it so as time passes that'll all be much more just what's the word have much more of an ease of use that kind of a quicker delivery but in terms of what's actually going on tonight with back well just a back pump rose pull-nance pullovers of some kind of order exactly what that order is I'm not completely certain yet but I'm sure I will find out and I'm okay with that you know I'm not coming into this back day with the with the goal of making sure that I hit a set of three plate end of our ball bar rose for 12 and you know make sure I progressively overloading like right now I'm not progressive overload state you know I'm so fur those unaware when I'm bulking up like if you watch any of these videos where it's like this bulk day whatever that's when I'm moving around a lot of weights full of carbs strong physically getting bigger and stronger so that's where I'm pushing it and I want to be overloading the weights progressively but dieting down not exactly the case right if every lift I try to come in here and lift the head east way like a possibly move well let's just say a beef you know having much more tweaks and pulls than I do now which right now that's zero right I haven't tweaked and pulled anything for a little while and I want to make sure that I don't like that's up there as one of my top priorities don't hurt myself so it's uh the weight isn't so important like I'm trying to stimulate the muscle of already got built I don't need to try to wreck it and really try to build it back up because I don't have the fucking capacity right now like if you're in a steep deficit all your goal is every day is stimulate your muscle getting enough activity to raise your basement avalism and then restrict your calorie intake but it is still high enough that you can recover musculately right maintain all the beef you've built up but you know just trim off the fat on the outside so what I'm really concerned with more now than ever is just having a lift get a pump go home now it's still gonna go hard that's it and no way am I trying to say I'm gonna take it easy or anything but leveraging the weight side of things and dieting context or carb depleted context especially in my like size not necessary so that's uh even though I might still throw in a couple heavy sets here in there of like something extra heavy for the most part what I'm really focusing on is a reasonable squeeze and then once this sets over having felt a solid amount of activation burn we all know the same fucking key words right so that's what I mean before in the in terms of changing up this back date compared to my last ones I'll just have to see what I'll just have to see what speaks to you know last back day was a lot of uh single arm pull downs followed by uh followed by what oh yeah followed by some cable rows and then some regular barbell pull downs and then some machine rows I think so I'll make this one a little bit different but not like completely you know off the wall because all I'm trying to hit is the main three groups in my back lower lats mid kind of lats mid traps and then a little bit of money kind of up a traps like ramboy Terry's major kind of freaky stuff those are those little like I look at most of this right underneath your weird delts but right above your lats so as long as the end of this lift during the post down I basically hit my back from all angles I'm fully pumped and I can tell I win hard and I stimulate in my back then that is all I'm gonna hit before so I think no point in no point in the elaborating at any further it's just gonna make it happen we've moved in number one being a good set of stray par pulled them moderate pace reps and then we can go from here I I almost started with seated row but I don't know gently jump out of me in the feel of reps uh yeah yeah You You You Do You Oh One more I got I'm really starting to feel that 100 grams of carbs I've already I guess I've only eaten But good service it Let's just fucking do two more same style same everything Let's do a rest pasta Rest pasta set with seven reps of time Oh Oh Oh, me wish yeah, let's do a row next as a good contrast between pull down then the wrong movement and I think some single our Action might be just about right so This cable setup Is actually perfect for what I'm aiming for Because I can hold on to this handle right here Give myself a good braising position and then Single on cable row and what I like about this more than like a dumbbell Is every foot That I move this weight or this handle the weight only goes up half a foot So if I pull this shit at like five feet a second The weights only actually moving up two and a half feet a second So what that means is I can't build up as much momentum You know like on a pull down like the Well like the pull down the cable is immediately Directed straight to the weight this has an extra pulley So with the pull ends you can kind of wrench the weight in the beginning and get it moving and then ride the momentum But since you can't build up so much momentum here because it's got this pulley kind of reducing your What's the word here? Well, either way the pulley makes it so you can't just rip it Like you're gonna feel much more constant tension which in the slow rep of course is gonna be the case But on the cable I just like and more so let's start with the left side Affiliated Do Do it! Oh my god, okay. Oh, I forgot about... Let's do two of these. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. All right. I might move the way a little quicker on this next one, but that was a very good counter to the last focus pull down. That movement number one was. Oh my god. Yeah. Oh my god. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. All right. That's enough of that. That's just something left focused. So this will be much lighter than the two sets that we just finished. So only 50 pounds on one arm for single ampulovers. 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, kind of an alternating like rest-pastile. But still hitting both sides at once. And the benefit that I get out of this isn't the last isolation. Like it is, but that's not the highlighted point. It's the hard squeeze I can get at the bottom. Because for me, if I do a rope pull over or a bar pull over or whatever, it's like for one thing I end up getting some lower chest like a dumbbell pull over, which I don't want. But also I just can't really squeeze as hard. Might just be a me thing. But when I grab one single cable, turn a little bit away from it, and then act like I'm holding a damn sword or a little like a sore fin dagger. And I go to sheath it right on my hip and really squeeze. I mean, I can feel my flat flexing all the way down to like the lowest part that it inserts down here. So, could just work well for me, but I guess it works well for me, so that's why I'm doing it. So, right at first, or left at first. Yeah. No, I can't go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. That was good. I kind of had to call it pre-failure, because it's not like I need to go to a point where I can barely move it in inch. I just sort of reach the level where it's like, I can't really get the same squeeze. I mean, before. Another lot of folks movement, but not this. It's changed up a little bit. This was a staple movement in my little basement gym, because the rack, the power rack I've had had a pull-up bar with these narrow grip attachments. But usually I'm not a huge V-bar pull-down fan, but when you put two of these parallel handles together for a pull-up, I do like it. And it's a very strong setup. So, I mean, this is going to be a legit set. I'm going to make these a little nastier instead of slow and squeezing. There. All right. Oh, oh, oh my goodness. One more I got. Fatigue is fucking hitting me quick. Like the first tempo, good, man. This last three were if I can trick you. No way. Oh my gosh. That might actually be freaking it. Let's pose that. Good, damn it. All right. So that's intake too long. Get it. Two sets of pull-downs. Two sets of sing-larm cable rows. Two sets of pullovers. Two sets of pull-ups. Yeah. Eight sets, man. And my traps, my lats. My mid back all the way down on my lower, whatever. All feel pretty freaking pumped up. Oh, let's do it through a pump to cover. Through a pump cover, last breath, and then we'll really break it out. We're approaching a V-taper, good, damn it. It's going to get freaky here, but this is a pretty cool level to be at just now. So, let's start from the front. Oh man. That seems to be in the back. Oh, my goodness. Yeah, it's hard to hold these damn poses with a backup. So I'm going to back and run it into itself. But wait a minute. I'm skipping an important pose here. Okay. That's pretty much freaking all of them. So, I'd say that was more than successful. Back pump, back separation, detail, everything else. Simply getting freaky here and freaky here by the day. And they kind of hold out of the shirt to help me get a little erected reaction. Oh, holy crap. I don't know if you guys have ever heard of a good dude named Back as Zilla. But I'm giving myself some back as Zilla vibes here. And it's crazy to him, but yeah, this is second cool. Let me do one more. You want me? Well, pump to shit. Let's get in the car. We are done. Okay. So this is just a few seconds after watching over that clip of the pose down. I'm not new to Backvades or Backvades are not new to me. That's territory which is kind of been explored already. But especially honestly, even that the second little like flex imposed I did where I held my breath, not even as vain as that fucking first one. That was awesome. Can't remember back. So heavy was a freaking set off the car alarm. But yeah. That is most certainly new territory for this dieting phase. And that is what gives me just an insane proof of the shit that I'm doing is working and the uncomfortability that I'm going through is hang off. And I'd be like, I'm not dying here. But I'd be in line if I told you that I was completely comfortable. That lift in terms of overall energy and like, I guess you could say sort of like set by set in Durance. There's low. I've had a hundred string of cramps of carbs today. And once you get to, well, maybe not once you get. But if you're a goddamn 230-ish pounder, 130 grams of carbs is not a lot. Like I'm as flat as I'm going to be right now. So it kind of, I mean, that's the take. You know, the give, lean, you know, continually getting leaner. The take is, you got to catch your calories, you got to do your cardio, you got to, you know, deal with the sort of detriment that come with dieting, which in a training context, which probably hits me the hardest at everything. You're not going to be a strong. You're physically going to be a, well, I say, physically going to be a weaker, that's the exact same thing. But you're going to be moving weights and getting more fatigued from them more quickly. So that's where I can still leave today satisfied. Even though I felt a little bit extra tired. Like I could tell I didn't have the same strength as I would have before. Like that single arm sets of, or those single arm rows, when I was sitting on the cables. Like when I'm fully bulked, that's, I mean, that's nothing. Like that's light squeezing weight, whereas today, I mean, that's slow set. 10 reps was like pushing it. Honestly, I probably should have gone a little bit lighter. I might have been, you know, letting my inner ego out, ego lifted out just to touch. But even though that's the case, what were my goals walking in? It wasn't lift the most weights I've ever lifted. It wasn't feel like I'm the strongest who ever been. It was stimulate my back, get a pump, and leave knowing that I pushed myself pretty hard. All three of those boxes are checked. So that's what I think kind of throws people off and is a little bit of a deterrent from anybody really getting into like a serious, bulking phase, dieting phase, even just like working out phase, is because there are difficult aspects like that. You know, like I am, you know, all here this a lot from people where they totally have an motivation to want to get like get in better shape, start working out more, start like eating healthier. I think everybody has an internal motivation to do that at any level, you know? Like if anybody is, let's just say you're, you're data, whatever you're talking about, working out, everybody in their mom is going to say, yeah, I should probably hit the gym more. Because we all know it, we all know that that's the case, but what really sucks is all here this a lot, and it's basically like, well, you know, every time I, every time I start really tracking my calories, it kind of, you know, brings up like bad memories of like when just, just anything, you know, like, you're stressing about how much food you're eating, and then it's like okay, well, I already overshot my calorie limit. Now I'm, now I'm uncomfortable with myself. Now I'm going to eat as a little bit of like a coping mechanism because eating food is a total dopamine release, like eating a big ass bowl of something that you really enjoy. It gets your brain going like crazy. So I'm not saying it's simply like a mental weakness thing. You're hard-wired to want to do that, but there is a certain, you know, man upness to it where it's like, yeah, I probably would decimate a bag of white cheetos puffs right now. Historically, I have done that. When I look back at the shit out eat when I was younger, it isn't that's protein like zero, but I'd be, I'd be in like bags of croutons, full family sized bag of those, and goodness, but what I'm saying is, if I had no specific driver goal that I was aiming for, then run in purely off of my body's instincts, if my stomach had control, bag of cheetos puffs, two spicy chicken sandwiches from Wendy's, even though they make my stomach upset, something about the spices, and about a quart of vanilla ice cream, that would probably make my stomach feel rather good. And maybe that's a combination of stomach and tongue because I get to taste it too. But that's not what I want to do. That's countering that. That is extremely counterintuitive to the goals that I want to achieve. And don't forget, you're the one that's in control. It's so easy to blame like cravings or just whatever, but the guy piloting the goddamn mech that is your body is you right in here. This 15 pound blob that is your brain, and you've got to be able to say to yourself, look, sure. It might feel kind of good for 10 minutes to go crazy in the kitchen. But afterward, you are going to feel worse, right? So it's, it just kind of sucks there, but I'm going to lose on my train of thought with this police activity here. What do you think is going over there? Well, either way. What I'm trying to get at is, yeah, there's hard parts to it. But with anything, that's what has a result afterward, right? Typically, this is a classic sort of self-help mindset. It's like the shit that you really want is hidden behind the shit that you really don't want to do. So I think everybody would love to have six back apps. I think if you could press a button that was like, would you like to be instantly jacked? And I'm not talking like 250 pounds of pure muscle. I mean, just a 180 lean, or whatever your goal is, anybody. You'd probably hit that button without anything in the bag. And this isn't a genie where it's, like, a monkey's paw sort of thing where there's a catch. There's no catch. Everybody would hit that button. But when you add the stipulations of, okay, well, you got to not eat whatever you want. You can eat food that you like, but you can't just go crazy. You have to kind of control it and track it. You got to work out a couple hours every week, do some consistent cardio, and do all that for a few months on end. And not really see massive noticeable changes except for, like, you know, every couple of weeks, if not every, like, month or so. Like you'll still see a steady declaim on the scale. Like you'll drop a pound a week. But dropping one pound of body fat, if you've got, like, 30 to lose, that's what. I mean, 3% of a change. It's not huge. Now, 3% of it over, uh, 3% of that change over the course of 10 weeks, or 20 weeks, or however long you lock yourself into a dining phase. That will add up pretty substantial. But day by day, you know, it's not much. So that's where you got to really make use of your fucking mind, because I feel like one of the biggest distinguishing features of, you know, man versus animal is our ability to instill and enact delayed gratification, right? So, okay. Let me think about this. Would future me prefer if I work out, get in shape, or would he prefer that I sit around, play a lot of things. I'm around play legal legends and gain a bunch of body fat. Anybody, I think we know the answer, but that's where current you get in the way. So it's like, well, you know, I probably would like it if I was locked in. Like if I could go back in time and completely revert the last six months and have already been locked in, then I would do that. Nothing has changed. You have another like, you know, assuming all goes well, you got another six months where you're going to be able to look back on these six months. And it's going to pass anyway. It's going to pass like that. I mean, I, I feel like I can remember pretty vividly as if it was only like not that long ago when I was like 16 lifting in my parents basement, you know, getting hyped up to whatever I was listening to back then. And then trying to gently re-rack the weight, so I didn't wake my parents up because their room was above the gym. Like time is fucking passing quick. So, you know, the sacrifice of locking yourself in now is well worth the fucking reward of having been locked in for that amount of time afterward. And when I say that, I kind of feel like I'm just like projecting this idea of like all this hard work that you do. Now is going to pay off, which it will, but for me, at least, it doesn't necessarily feel like work because I enjoy doing it. And that's where I'm a little bit spoiled because working out is definitely like my thing. You know, I'll go on pretty long talks about this. I think everybody should work out. Everybody should have a basic workout routine at least like three times a week of weight, base sessions and some cardio. You know, even just like three times a week cardio and weights would be a massive game changer compared to zero. And that's, that's only every other day. That's less than 50% of the days that you go and work out. And that's a huge jump from anybody who completely skips the gym altogether. So, I do think everybody should be doing that. But everybody should also have something that they can really dive into on the regular and try to progress and get better. So, for me, those two things overlap, which makes it a bit easier for me to be extra motivated. But even if you're not, like even if the work isn't your main thing, let's say you're a bad ass drummer. And you want to keep yourself in shape as well. So, the work and out might feel a little bit more like a chore. But that's where I think looking, and this is just like my own conjecture. I'm just kind of hypothesizing here. But I feel like it would be a pretty motivating thought to think, okay. If I could completely change the way I acted and the way I've been working out the last six months, I would. So, I've got another six months ahead of me. I'm going to be in the same position I'm in right now, then let's make this shit happen. You know, but I, you can't force it. So, all I can really say is, if that's something that you want to do, nothing's stopping you. Right. Set aside some time. If you can be a bit more consistent with it, it's probably going to be easier. Let's say you've got to, you get off of worker school or whatever you got to do during the daytime. And you've got an hour and a half set aside that you can consistently dedicate to working out in some capacity. Even just four times a week. I say that is fucking bad ass. So, I, I feel like sometimes I'm talking to like I'm given advice in sort of two very different perspectives. Because on one hand, it's the guys where the working out is your thing. Like you're taking this extremely hard. If you were to look back over like you're like, you know how your phone has like watch time. And you can see how long you've been playing on different apps. Like if you were to look over these guys' minds, the thing that they probably think about the most is working out. I feel like I follow them to that category. Because it's like nothing I'm doing is more than a few steps away from the gym. It's okay. I'm going to get in recovery for the lift tomorrow. Okay. I'm eating this. I'm counting these calories, you know, in context of whatever dieting phase I'm in right now. Okay. I'm going to do this this in this today. When am I going to like, it's probably, for the regular dude, that's way too much. I'm reasonably self aware about that. But there's also the guys where it's just everybody should be working out in general. And that's like groundbreaking tips or anything. I think we all know this. But that's where you don't have to take it like to Tom Platt's intensity on the regular. That's cool when I think it's extremely like motivating and high-panducing. But if you're just trying to stay in good shape, showing up is 75% of it. Easily 75%. Like showing up five times a week if your goal is to get into solid shape. That's to record as I've been right there. And if you can show up consistently, the results will simply appear. And then, you know, if you want to keep pushing it, that's where I think leveraging the dieting side of things. Can really start to make a huge difference. The thing that I think platos the most lifters across the board is in training intensity or training consistency. You're like, they're training style or they're doing a science-based or they're doing this program. I don't think that's it. If you're working out consistently, I think the main thing that's going to stop your progress is the dieting side of things. So that's why you're never going to hear me stop talking about the macros and the calorie counting. Make sure you can find out what your main goal is or things like that. As well as the consistent cardio, that's just a boost all around. But I don't know, it's not making this a cardio rant. So that's all I gotta say there. But awesome back day. And I am beginning to increase the rate that the freak factor is improving. So what I mean by that is I've said this a couple of times before. I think when I started this dieting phase, I dropped about 12 pounds of carbs and water in about maybe two weeks or so. So that's not fat loss. That's just I'm not eating as much as I was when I was bulking. So I'm not so full of extra water and muscular glycogen that everything else. So that's just kind of like fluff away. It's not fake. It's intramuscular. It didn't make me look like extra big. It's not really there. It just kind of comes in and out. All right. It's like you got a gas tank. So I'm gonna just follow some of that. It's empty. But since then, I feel like I probably had about, I don't know, maybe 15, 20. Maybe 25 pounds of body fat extra that I'm trying to peel off. Right now I've got about 10 pounds. Ish left that I want to get off my frame. So put me around competitive weight that I'm aiming for. But those first three pounds, like I just said about that percentage, it's barely a 10% change in leanness. Not much. But now that I've only got 10 pounds left, for me to lose another three pounds, is a 30% change in leanness. And it's also kind of an exponential, like improvement, because the closer you get to lower like single digit body fat numbers, the crazier you start to look at. It's kind of like this if I can exponential sort of curve. So I foresee that for a week's from now, I'll be double the freaked factor that I'm at currently. So it's almost- it's almost like I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, kid on a Christmas morning. I just- or I guess you can say Christmas Eve, I just can't wait for that time to pass. Because the things I'm aiming for, and the way that I'm going about it with the calories and the cardio and the working out, like I've pretty much got that downpacked. So it's almost like I'm just getting excited like okay, one is one of these four weeks if I can pass But you know I'll keep you updated the bad That's all I got there what is today December 16th for you December 17th It's almost Christmas man. What's on your freaking wish list? How about have I that let's get a little comment interaction? What's uh, what's on your Christmas list This year for me I'm not totally sure I'll get a bad habit. I don't really make Christmas list so sometimes my family nags Maybe they'll like they didn't know what to get Maybe I'll come up with something but either way I'll see you for an arm day tomorrow Maybe a little bit of arms and shoulders I'll let it go Like add a little bit of delta action there but Don't see that