I'm not even sure I really need the glasses. It's kind of muggy out today, but even though it's just cloudy, I see the comments saying it's not winter yet. Freak it feels like winter. It's like 31. When I got up to the car, this morning, I even just went to the apartment gym I got. I was freezing. Yeah, yeah, I can, that's one thing which I get jealous of anybody. You know, none of the Southern coasts I'm talking for to California, at least at your other bottom side. You know, starting to miss the warmth, but maybe I just got to start dressing appropriately. You know, a t-shirt and the thin pants, I'll have to swap them out for some more thick kind of sweat suit style stuff. But regardless of temperature, it'll not hinder the pump, even if the weather gets close to not even close to literally just emergency level. These lifts will still go on some way or another. I've never had to do like a dory in the eights walk to the gym, kind of thing. Usually I just, I guess you can say, got a risk where even if the rows are kind of un-plowed or whatever, still just try to drift in. Probably usually within reason. Like if it was actually too crazy, just do the home gym kind of a kind of a lift. But yeah, one time in school there was a really bad kind of snowstorm. I think it was, trying to think about maybe two years ago. No, no, no, no, no. It's more like three and a half, four. Not four. Probably three years ago, two years ago or so. When I was at school, everything fucking shut down. Class, gyms, and I called ahead in the plane and fitness that was about 20 minutes. I think east. They said they're open. So I get in my car. I could barely go over 20 honestly. Like the roads were actually really fucking slick. I already drank my pre-workout. I'm excited for some legs and low and behold, shut down. Whew, I guess they can staff in which would make sense. And then the problem had even allowed to force, you know, to force somebody to come in and work if it's an actual fucking snowy emergency. So I'm sitting there in, you know, basically 40 minutes away from the house. Stimmed up, but luckily enough, there was actually a pretty hard chord gym. There was 24 hour about 15 or so minutes further. And that's snow time, not like regular drive time. So, you know, I roll in there and ended up saving me. And that gym was actually pretty cool for a while. But yeah, that day I didn't, did not pay for a day pass. The people that were working there just weren't there. You know, obviously it was like extra snowy. So I just roll in. Whew. Ask, uh, asked to the guys next to me if I need to do anything. They tell me the same shit. And like, yeah, we would pay for anything either. You know, we just came here because everything else was closed. But with, uh, with a couple of these 24 hour gyms. Yeah, there is, uh, a part from catastrophe. There's really nothing stopping from getting to work at it. So that's part of the reason why I like having a couple of different memberships. Just let's you change it up. But today with arms, tries buys. I want to do a touches, touch of shoulders. Nothing crazy. I mean, um, mainly side delts. Maybe like touch a rear delt. So really, I think at the end of arms, I'll just do like a couple sets of side lateral raises just to really kind of pump them up. But arms specifically, I've had a lot of luck with triceps these last like six or so months, maybe even more like seven. Bicing a lot more. Squeezing extensions, you know, like if you fast, uh, oh, I guess you can say fast reverse, like a year and a half and you click an arm day that was, you know, that far back. All my triceps stuff was way different than I do it now. It was all like two plates slapped on the stack. Really heavy. Not even breaking 90 degrees on my on my tricep angle and just kind of bounce them down there. Which, I mean, it worked like a totally full like I was thrashed my triceps, but I was definitely missing out on a stretch position. So that's something I've really been trying to work on. I actually have been working on it. I am now executing. Like with the rope, especially in the, the dead machine too, but mainly the rope or single iron push down, I can really feel like I get... Oh, it's too, uh, almost to the point where like my arm is just running into itself because it just can't bend any further and then going back into the squeeze position. And not only do I think I've seen a little bit of extra tricep gains that way. It just feels better. Simply getting more pumped quicker and with less weight. So my elbows are barely ever tender. Only if I accidentally like, you know, bump it on the corner or something, do I have to kind of, you know, hold back a little bit on the triceps side of things. And then curls, and then I'm not simple enough. Maybe some self-assisted reps, some, you know, dumbbell preachers with some, like, assisted concentric and then ride the negative. But I think we'll just have to see this really not much point in guessing what the curling portion of the lift is going to look like. Because I got to finish the whole tricep portion first and then be able to decide there. And depending on how that portion of the lift goes, it might change what I think would be good to start. Like, right now, even just guessing I could say, all right, I would probably like some regular alternating dumbbell curls to start. But, you know, who knows, maybe I actually finish triceps, move on to a couple of light dumbbell curls to warm up and I say to myself, yeah, let's start with some creatures here for whatever reason. That's what I'll do then. So it's almost a, uh, it's really a start that set when you get there. Kind of deal. But as long as you're nuts, your lifts finish fully pumped, you can feel legit fatigue and you know that you actually push yourself. You weren't just lying. Then I think you're good. All right, change it up. But if you've got a basic skeleton, kind of framework of how your workouts look, no need to flip it onto its head just for the sake of, uh, you know, the fact that you watch some video tell you, like, oh, this is the greatest way to hit arms, like, you know, get a pump go hard and then the rest should begin to fall into place over time. But I think that's all I got there in terms of an arm introduction. Let's just go start this arm destruction. Yeah, there we go. Took a second to find a rhyming word. That's not getting too crazy. Just start with some moderately weighted ruby acceptance. And these I want like a good second hold, release waves. I can try to bend my arm backwards, hyper extending itself. I'm so you can't. But like that's what I'm trying to imagine. And then go from there. I can't handle the wires. I can't lose the wireless headphones. I tried. But this disconnect is too nice. But let's, uh, let's get real here. Actually, one not checking that. Yeah, I got dropped the weight. But let's do one more. Failure is much more abrupt. When you do a full kind of stretch like that, because I mean the strength curve of your triceps is actually a little bit easy up here. It gets hardest when your arms are 90 and then almost gets like easier again. Just because you have better leverages. So now it's surprising that's the sticking point. But keep my head. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. One more with that weight. And then maybe do it. Yep. Next or something? Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's move on. This will be a little on the lighter side, at least relatively forming for these dips. And basically just going to do them in the exact same executed style as the rope. Deep stretch. Holder and squeeze position. Maybe some partials at the end is a burn out and you know, some shit like that. All right. Not that I can go a little heavier. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Oh, crap. Let's do more and more with the same weight. But maybe make this next one a drop set. The pain of how many reps I can actually pop out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's just do one more straight style. And that actually might be it. I think some overhead extensions might have some value after this. But yeah. That's probably about seven sets of tries and that's sort of some curl. That's the one I'm fully pumped at the end of my mind. I may make reasons a little bit faster this. Now the time a bit. I'll let it slide. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not done. I just want to make this like a rest-post. So those reps are going to be hard. I'm going to give myself a second to breathe. And then be able to get more than if I were to just got a regular failure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's enough of those. Fuck. I think I'm really feeling the extra carbs from fucking yesterday. Yesterday's the day after Thanksgiving. I don't think I've got much room, pump-wise for two more biceps sets. I think one more good one. Well, probably fucking at least in this fully cooked. Now, what do I want to do? You need to move on to the side, but I'm sure it'll be a reasonably good decision. Reasonable strong probability. This is going to be it. So I think I'll probably turn into a bit of a drop superset. But the first portion will be underhanded by set by a pull-outs. So you know, it looks like I'm doing a fucking pull-down. I'm not trying to activate my last, my traps or anything in my back at all. I'm trying to purely isolate my biceps. And this is the moving I'm doing. I need to fucking curl. Now, it's a little funky because it's like way up here. And my arm is changing angles. But at its core, I'm still just pulling my hand towards my shoulder. Trying to use everything in between. Except for my forearms, of course. But after this sort of first burn-out portion, I think I'm going to drop the weight. Back to seat up and burn out with some light cable curls. This will definitely result in some bicep pumpage. I wish there were some way to like have a sensor or something that like some kind of electrode that could actually portray it. But until then, you just have to take my word for it. Okay. I just saw that. Yeah, what's in here? Now. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. That is all she's bringing a rope for bicep. Let's go fuzz down. Well, no one need for the side ladders. They're not today. Alright, little, little spits softly lit in this kind of pose down room. But well within reason. Plus, if you're standing right under a light, no matter what the orientation is, it's probably going to do something for you. But let's just see how pumped arms were after that reasonably. I mean, I reasonably use the right word. Relatively lower volume arm day. At least compared to what the last few have been like. But I say, oh, I just from looking, you'd never know it. Ooh. Let's start with the start with a little back pose from already facing this way. No. Yeah. Let me actually step forward a little bit. No, okay, that's it. Alright, let's see what else is there. I'm part of this classic kind of fucking most muscular. Oh my gosh. I'm getting excited to get extra lean in this portion specifically because the lean arm's get and also just my waist in general. It makes your arms look like there extra beefy. I mean, I'm getting to the point out where the waist arm ratio, at least where arms are pumped. Like, that's not enough in bouncing around in there, you know. There we go. Yeah, we got something going on. But that is most certainly a solid arm day, especially due to this one little caveat. I didn't have any carbs yet today. I, you know, given that I kind of overdid it a little bit yesterday. I have a little bit of a Thanksgiving refeed. Now nothing serious, but like, enough where it's something that I do have to take into account. I might be a little bit extra sparse today in kind of an immediate, like, reactive sense. Just to sort of jumpstart the getting back on track. But the whole point of the refeed is you kind of, I mean, basically just poke the fire that is your get running through shit. So it's like, okay, I got to run off some extra energy now. Oh, I get to get used to extra. And then when you go back to your regular deficit, it almost feels a bit more intense. And not like feels for you like subjectively. I mean, feels like like, oh, shit. Now I'm burning extra calories. Because you don't want to completely crash your metabolism off the rip. If you're about to start trimming down, because then you'll have nowhere to go. I'm bulking up and coming down. I've, and it's not like I discovered this people in the same this for a while just took me, it took me a little bit to really grasp it. But it really does help to ease your way into it and to increase the stimulus that is that diet. Be it like the amount of extra food you're eating in a bulk or like just how low below your maintenance you eat in a dieting phase. Because if you shoot it too far in either direction, then you're just going to burn yourself out. And I don't mean like mentally. I mean physically, you'll notice results begin to fucking cease. You know, I've been bulking for so many months on end over the course of time where I was like, oh, I'll just, I'll suddenly break through this plateau. But really, I had just eaten so much food so quickly already that it like totally gas my whole system got biome thrashed. I've known his way better results. Increasing calories throughout the bulking phases and slowly decreasing calories throughout these dieting phases. And that just jump and straight to like, I'm freaking starvation mode. But arms wrecked. And you're stomach at it here. It's gonna go. Arms complete. Arms very well complete. Might I add? Might I freaking add? And quickly note just as a general recommendation. I think there are two kinds of people. There really are two kinds of people in the world. You know, the people who have not watched a berserk and the people who have, right, a little bit of a, a little bit of a plug there. I, uh, I'll tell you something. I, uh, I think Netflix took berserk off of the three movies. I think they used to be on Netflix and other gone. And those three basically covered like a good chunk of the story. So if you can handle it, it's a little long. But you know, go on to read it. Look up berserk redux. Because it's got, uh, you know, there's like an old show from the 90s. And then there's some newer movies. But each one of those iterations individually skipped a couple parts. So if you look up, um, if you watch that, this guy basically really like, methodically clips together the two so that it was a cohesive kind of story to live. But just trying to put you on, man. I'd tell you, I think I've probably rewatched it maybe three times. And it's not the whole story, but it's, you get the gist of it. Uh, it's, uh, unrelated to the arm day, but just, uh, just something I wanted to say. But that was good. Those, uh, I could definitely tell that pump was, what's the opposite of hindered? It was aided by the fact that I had so many extra carbs yesterday from Thanksgiving. So I actually kind of got extra pumped extra quick to the point where it's like, okay, that's it. You know, no need for really much more. But it's, uh, it's kind of a fine line, right? Because you want to do enough where you actually stimulated growth, obviously. But you don't want to do too much to the point where you're just working for no reason, tiring yourself out, you know, increasing your training stress without increase your training stimulus. And usually I think a good little, uh, detector for where that line is, as long as it, as long as your sets are done with a pretty reasonable amount of intensity. Then I would say whenever you're just about ready to be fully pumped, that's usually a good key you've done enough. Now that's, um, that's not like a blanket statement because obviously for somebody who isn't so in tune with just straight up getting a pump. It's kind of a heart of the tell, right? So that's where as a beginner, for not even as beginner, but earlier in your training career, it might make a bit more sense to stick to like a specific number of sets per lift, like I'm due legs, eight set to quad, eight sets of hamstrings, chest, eight sets, four of pressing one of a squeezing or light of pressing the two of a fly, arms, eight sets of push downs, eight sets of curls, dry a couple, you know, bounce them around because it's just a little bit trickier to, uh, to know where that line is, and to you've built up enough experience to be able to say it. And I'm not trying to say that like, like a flex, like it just, it does take a little while to be able to tell like, okay, should I do one more, or should I call it there? Because that's kind of the enigma of every workout, you know, zero sets will induce zero gains, but infinity sets will not induce infinite fucking gates, right? If anything, if you sat in there and did, uh, bicep curls for eight hour straight, you're probably just going to, totally, after you feel better. Well, yeah, this is having that. You're totally just going to burn yourself out. You're not going to grow. You're just stressing out your system, you know, so clearly infinity is the answer, and zero is the answer. Right? It's the way we're that implied, somewhere in the middle, and not really in the middle, just somewhere along that line. So usually, I've, uh, it's taken me a while to bring it down, uh, in the beginner for whatever, or in the beginning, for whatever reason I had it in my mind, that I wanted to do 25 set workouts twice a week. So everybody part, 25 sets from the get go. So 25 sets of leg curls, or 25 sets of hamstrings, which I wasn't even doing hamstrings for like eight months, because I didn't, in my mind, wave hack then. I was like, why do I want the back of my legs to be big? Oh, my quad should be big. All right, thank you. Didn't, uh, I didn't have all these same values I have now, way back when before I knew it would be better. Right? So really just goes to show the fucking evolution over time. But for arms and back and chest, five movements, five working sets each, to go from there twice a week. So I'd have two chest days a week, and each one would be 25 of a con set total. And so five sets of bench, five sets of inclined bench, five sets of Smith, five sets of cable flies. Five sets of sopen. Oh, five sets of peck deck, you know, whatever, which was definitely overkill. That amount of volume was not necessary for the amount of stimulus that that volume was giving me. But it did do me some good, and actually not some, I think, a lot of good, because it gave me a lot of training experience. You know, so I was doing three times the sets that somebody else might have been doing, and maybe a bit of a more optimal workout. But I was also getting three times the experience in three times the amount of reps under my belt, which I think definitely ate it in my comfortability with these lifts. Because with anything that more often you do it, and the more comfortable you get with it, the easier it's going to become to do. And the better that you'll get at it, right? I mean, you put, uh, you try to put me on a tight rope. I'm not going to make a few steps, but if you thought somebody practice it for years on end, to guess what? The guy can do a freaking double back flip, land on his leg, like laying on his back, double front flip, land again. You know, that sort of thing. So, don't, uh, if you can't feel your chest when you're doing a bench, or you can't really feel your lats, you know, you're kind of, uh, when guys say, you know, really activate your mind most of the connection. And it kind of puts you here a little bit of a loss. Don't freak, you know, do not freak. That is something that is just going to come with time and training experience. And it's a pretty cool feeling when that training experience kind of manifests itself as a realization. One, uh, probably the most abrupt I ever had was when I was in my basement gym at my parents house, doing chest one night. I'm doing incline. I got a mirror on the wall, so I could see myself do it. Mmm. Mmm. There, I'm sorry. That's just the nature of the deficits, making me sleep here. But, uh, they're not even like sleepy, people just like a little bit more, uh, a little bit less energized. But, so I'm in the basement gym. Inclined bench, barbell. Probably only had like one, probably only had like two or five of the bar. Maybe actually one like one, eight, five, something like that, you know, and, uh, Well, it's got a lot of it. But, I'm looking at myself in the mirror, and as I'm doing these reps of incline, something in my mind just clicked, where I could actually feel my chest, pulling my elbows upward, rather than just feel my hands pushing the weight upward. And those are very, uh, that's a very different feeling. So, I think another thing that kind of helped me with that is, uh, if you ever look at like just human anatomy, or just try to imagine like what's really going on, because I don't think a lot of people think about like, okay, if I'm going to pick something up, I'm not just like, my hand is not just something moving, and then my hand is raised from like, some non-existent force. Like, you are just this mechanical system of fucking pulleys and levers, where it's all about, uh, you know, contractions. So, rather than think of like pushing, you really never push anything. There is no push in muscle fiber, it's only pulling against opposite kind of levers. Like your tricep is pulling this part of your elbow toward itself, and that's resulting in your hand moving that direction, right? Your chest doesn't push, your chest pulls your upper arm towards itself, right? Your hamstrings are, well, your quads, and you're doing a leg press, you're not pushing that weight up. You're actually just pulling your shins into a stretch position and pulling your thighs into a straight position for your glutes, and that's what's actually moving way to right. And it's not like you have to think about that or think about it like that to be able to imagine it. But for me it helps. Like for me that really clicks. So when I'm doing those tricep, push down to those dips or the concentration, uh, preacher curls, or just the preacher curls, that's what I'm thinking. Like I'm trying to put my mind into whatever muscle I'm working, or at least just, you know, be extra sensitive about it, and really try to feel where that contraction is pulling. And in doing so, I swear you can squeeze harder. So just something to think about, right? And then the long thing you do it eventually, you'll get to the point where you can just like flex all sorts of muscles all over the place, like nothing. You know, I'm talking like pop in your peck style, that's sort of stuff. And it's kind of funny. I catch myself doing it a lot, especially on back, like when I edit my back day videos. Like sometimes I'll sit and I'll like squeeze and like tense up my lats. While I'm watching the reps, I think I'm, I think I might have lost it a little bit on the lifting side of things if I'm, if I'm doing that. But I mean, it's just, that's just part of it, you know. And the more you can do that, like the more isolated of a contraction signal that you can send to whatever muscle across your build, the better. Because it just makes you more efficient. If I'm trying to do set of curls and I use the straps which definitely helps. And I only send signals to my biceps to really curl and not to my forearms and my, like, break your, I think, break your radio alicir or something. The part of your forearms that gets worked and like a hammer curl. Like if all of that can stay relatively relaxed or at least as relaxed as I could make it. And the target in muscle on trying to work is the one that ends up doing all the work. Then I've succeeded in doing a well isolated set. It's a little different if you're doing like a compound, or especially if you're trying to work on like a strength vector, like your power lifter. I've seen you want to lift as much weight as possible. Then it's almost a complete opposite. Like you want maximum muscle recruitment of everything. They completely tight tense and brace. Like I think that's where power lifting and body-building really differ the most. Because body-builder is still going to do a relatively heavy set. Like not for one rep, but, you know, for eight or 12, like still hitting failure. But it's in a way where it's much more concentrated. It's like a stipe of rifle versus a shotgun. Dealers, dealers, choice there, I guess. But whether or not that analogy made sense, just keep it in mind. Before you know it, you'll be sitting here just fucking flexing your chest and your triceps and your lats and your glutes and everything else. You start to understand what these guys mean. And they talk about that mind muscle connection. Because it really is just an experience thing. So eventually it'll begin to click, click, click, and click. And then you'll be the guy telling somebody else that, like all you do to get a feel of your lats broke. You have to relax your forms and your biceps. Pull with your elbows, not your hand, pull with your elbows. Your hands just need to act as a hook. Like, you know, all the classic kind of phrases. But, playing for the postwork at meal. Might do a breakfast for dinner, type situation, egg whites and a half a bagel. So only 25 grams of carbs, maybe a little bit of butter, five grams, seven grams worth. And then go from there. My primary objective is not eating a ton of food here. It's really trying not to eat a lot. So it's, but I'd say it's still just as tricky, even though it's the absence of effort. Because when you're bulking up hard, I mean, it's hard to eat a lot of food. But in a complete opposite spectrum, it's also hard to not eat a lot of food. But if you're getting ready for a dining phase, or if you've already done a couple of dining phases, you don't even talk about it. I think that's all I got. I'll see if I hope to be a wild, like-day tomorrow. I know I'm gonna thrash hamstrings, but if I had to take quads a little bit lighter. I was hitting quads a little bit too hard. The last three lifts a week and a half ago and before. And I can tell I kind of like stressed a little bit. Not like a serious muscular pull or anything, but just like little kind of twinches. Where if I were to keep doing a really heavy quad day lift after lift after lift, it would add up to potentially some more serious tweaks. But we'll just soon read it there. And of course 30 minutes of cardio in the morning. Don't skip your cardio. That's one of my main pieces of freaking advice for anybody. So I'll, I'll, I'll just see it for legs then.