Alright, so today's gonna be not a quick one, but I'm definitely not gonna delete that way too much. You've got a family dinner for 530. It's currently 317. So however those two numbers are gonna have, we'll just have to see. But that'll be a good little test of will. Because that's a classic cheating in your diet situation. It's not always when you just hit home, you don't have any treats in the cupboard or anything. The only sweet oven down on is a couple bags of, you're not a couple, I should have got a couple, I got a bag of dried chopped strawberries. So every so often I'd go in and have a couple mouthfuls of that. About 6 grams of carbs each, which honestly, pretty effective treat. Nothing like it's no comparing to a fresh crispy cream. That should be obvious. But especially if you kind of hold yourself back and you're not just slamming that stuff all the time. Like right now, I'm eating pretty dang freaking clean. So that feels pretty good. That's not because of me, no worries. It kind of a crazy intersection over here. But all that's to say is, if I look to my left and Mark has a big bowl of whatever he's eaten. And it looks my right and my parents are eating whatever they're eaten. I don't know what I'm gonna eat. Because I'm not gonna overshoot. So I'll see if I can ask him to just make me like some plain chicken or something. Or just pick something that fits the goals I'm aiming for. Not a lot of fats, not a lot of carbs, and a whole lot of protein, which usually is a little bit tricky. Because even if you think you're getting like, okay, well, I'm dieting. I'll just get a steak. Let me get a 10 ounce rib eye. It'll be nice and lean. The things covered in butter. It's already like a fatty cut. You think you're eating healthy, but then you're getting like 60 grams of fat for your 60 grams of protein. It's kind of, it's a little bit of a back and forth. It's hard to get around. Plus, I mean, any restaurant, too. They want their food to taste good. That's how they make money, right? They sell good food. So what makes food taste good? Carves, fats, sugars, seasonings, everything else. So you gotta be a little mindful. And that's where I would really recommend you try to figure out how to track this stuff. I don't want to say intuitively, but without having to only rely on nutrition labels. Because a lot of the time, you can't always just be able to scan your little thing into my fitness path. That's what you're into and get that info. You're gonna have to kind of guess it yourself. So once you've counted your macros for long enough, you kind of develop a bit of an eye for them. You know, it's like how you could probably guess that a hundred pound dumbbell is going to be a bit heavier than the 50 pound dumbbell. Is it bigger? Just a little visualizing by eye, as well as the practice of having already tracked all this stuff beforehand. You basically get to a point where you don't need to know the exact ingredients and everything else of whatever you're eating. Because just by looking just by tasting, you can see how much grease is on the side of it. Or you know how big of a bun this is. I would probably do pretty good if they made a TV show called the calories is right. The calories is right. You know, take the prices right, but instead of guessing how much food or how much this stuff costs, like put a plate of food in front of me and say, okay, Sam, 60 seconds on the clock. Top prize. If you can guess within a 10% error of the carbs, fats and proteins in this plate of steak, potatoes and. Bisc. I don't know, some shit like that, right. And that's that's something that isn't super easy to do. And by easy to do, I mean, it just kind of takes a little while, right. But if you track your stuff consistently, you do get a good sense for it. And some people see that as a negative. Like some guys or anybody else think, oh, well, all you. Every time you think about the food that you're eating, you just think about how many calories are in it. And you're thinking about, I don't want to think about that. Like it's, um, it's intentional ignorance. You know, you're turning away from the light. So that's where it's, uh, you can lead the lifters to the macro tracker. You can't force them to input his values. But for anybody where you do want to kind of get a better grasp on your gains and take more control of the progress you want to make. Getting more in tune with, you know, proteins, carbs, fats, macro tracking in general. I do think that could be a pretty solid boost. But let's not turn this whole talk into a macro chat, macro chat, macro chat. Playing for tonight's lift with back. Just get it back bump. I'm saying that too crazy. I'm not going to do any really heavy rowing. Like there's a reason you haven't seen me do any like three plate, three plate and 25 pound. I thought I was going to hit him. Like there's a reason you haven't seen me do any really heavy bent over barbell rows. And it's because I don't need to, you know, like as much as I'm kind of the anti science, like just go hard, whatever, if we're all in payment for, is stimulating my lats and my traps, then I don't need to overload my glutes and my lower back and my erectors and my whole posterior chain with hundreds of pounds to get that effect. And in a bodybuilding context, it's not even what I'm paying for, you know, I don't really want a massive thick trunk, right? I don't need my lower back to being extra inch thick. If anything, I kind of wanted to stay the exact same size it is and have my lats grow around it, so I can kind of keep my waist more tapered. And that's because I'm not training for like pure performance, you know, in an athletic context, functional movements, you know, deadlifts, everything else. That's got it. It has a completely different value because you're looking at it from a completely different perspective. But for me, I'm coming into the gym with a goal of I want to pump up my lats, my traps, all sorts of fancy, like rum void, terries major stuff in between, like those little detailed muscles on the upper corners of your back. And I don't want to work anything else. You know, that's why I've got a pair of freaking straps in my bag, so that when I do like a pull down or a row or anything where I'm pulling, I don't have to send as many signals to my forearm and having else to really grip onto whatever handle and holding, because that just takes away from the activation I'm getting to my lats. So do I need to completely load my lower back in order to work my other traps or my mid back? Not exactly. So, you know, bodybuilding context, I do tend to lean towards a bit more chest supported rows or just, you know, more seated cable rows. Which are a bit easier on your lower back in terms of overall loading. And I think half of it is to do just with the angle of the movement itself. But also, since you're sitting down instead of bending over, like you're only using your lower back to support the weight that you're lifting, you don't have to hold your entire body up from falling over. But all that's to say is every set I want to completely fatigue whatever portion of my back that I'm aiming for, make sure I hit it from all angles, lats, upper traps, mid traps. I want to do some stuff where I can really feel my lats like squeeze extra deep. So a pull down sometimes doesn't do that for me. With a strip or a pull down or any kind of pull down machine, I get a lot of lot of activation. Like it's very squee or stretch focused. But only on something like a pull over, single-large cable pull over, and I really can feel like every fiber of my latt-word ties in right over my hip really tense up. And then at the end of it, assuming I'm fully pumped and I can tell I went hard, I get to go home and say, yippee. So let's stop chatting, just going to make this shit happen. This stuff happened. I know I usually say start every lift with a different move in the last one, or at least try to change it up a bit, but given the equipment that's open, I can't really think of a better start than single-arm pull-outs here. I think it's kind of quick. I don't need these to be super slow controlled, because by rep 10, even if they are a little quicker, I am going to feel some pretty serious latt-foot-tig. And I can move on to a different move in first, low controlled set. Okay, okay, okay, let's go. You know, you know, you know, you know, okay, all the crap. One more release, maybe two more. Let's see. No. Yeah. One more after this one. One more. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Yeah. Yeah. That's moving on to something else. That's a good thing. Yeah. Nice and simple start. I think a set of pull-ups is an order. And now that I'm down, I don't know how many pounds for a peak bulk, I can actually do so. So, same style as the pull-ups on the set is a straight set of fairly with some partials. There. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Similar style, not like super slow control. There we go. There we go. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. One more. Let's drop this a little way to just from 15 to 0. Okay. I know to finish is going to be. That's not wasting its time to get straight to it. So if you guessed this apparatus, then you would be right, but I got to skip the explanation because I am. I mean, last set, so I wouldn't say I'm in a rush, but let's get this pop finish. Yeah. Let's put this bench away and go close down. That's back, dates. Back complete in a total of two, three, four. Seven sets, I think. I can't have lost track of my mind a little bit there, but that's enough. You know, I was saying yesterday, I'm not coming into the gym with the goal of, okay, I'm going to come and do 20 working sets. I'm coming to the gym with the goal of, okay, I want to pump the freaking S.H. IT out of my back in however many sets necessary. End of story. End of story. Oh, hey. You know, goodness. All right, so pumped reasonably fatigued. And now, my primary concern is make sure that we go to dinner. I do not exceed my a lot of calorie intake. And I don't mean the day, I mean for that meal. So, I'm getting close to damn near just 2,000 calories for the whole day. So, if I want to eat more than twice, I need to have smaller sized meals. So, I kind of like to cap it at like 600 per. But I guess I'm just having to update for you about that tomorrow. So, let's get the car. Yeah, that was a good one. That was a good one. It doesn't take too much either, but, honestly, I would not have mined swapping out. All right, we're not have mined it swapping out that seated chest supported row with some other kind of variation. Like, it would be awesome if this gym had sort of, you know, one of the upward rows kind of, you know, lever armage, plate loaded. But, kind of, change in, they got about all the equipment from the same places. So, what are you going to do? But, still pretty good. And honestly, I mean, I'm not particularly picky when it comes to the movements. I've gone through a couple or like, I think, six or seven months stint. Where the only gym I had access to was the home gym. That was like right when COVID smacked down. And everything was like legit clothes, not just like clothes sometimes, like, social distancing. Like, there was some, oh crap. I didn't even think about it. How many lifters had to completely cut the gym out of their routine, because they didn't have any kind of home gym action. And I don't even want to think about it. But luckily enough, I was stocked a little bit. And I was like, wreck dumbbells up to 50 pounds plus like a 60 pound set of the ones where like you screw the plates on the side. So, now we're definitely well. So, all my back days were like bent over a barbell rows. Single arm pull down to a, like, a really jerry rigs kind of cable set up. That actually was pretty smooth. I get worked really well. The only problem was it was the weight was just like swinging on a cable. So, if you built up too much momentum, you had like, you know, 90 pounds just swinging around the place. So, that was an awesome. But, as long as you can do enough movements, or you can hit whatever muscle you're targeting reasonably well, yeah, you just don't need that much. Right? I mean, it's a creature comfort. Obviously, you're going to probably be better off with a fully stocked gym. But, if it's more consistent for you or easier for you to be consistent by having like, you know, couple sets of dumbbells, maybe one of those adjustable ones where like, you spin the latch around and it grabs plates or removes them like the adjustable home dumbbells. And then, I mean, even that was like a pull-up bar. You basically have your whole torso set. As you can do back, you can do chest. You can do, you can do arms, you can do shoulders. And you can get some leg action, you know. Hamstrings is a bit trickier without proper equipment. You can't really do so much hamstring-wise. That's where, in my mind, I always imagine upgrading my parents' basement gym with like a combination leg extension leg curl. Like that would have been freaking insane. Never ended up happening, but, yeah, what do you do? But, other than that, it's like, whatever equipment you have is fucking perfect. Or it is freaking perfect, you know. So, don't get too hung up. Like, I'll see some guys where their first instinct when they walk into a gym if it doesn't have all the equipment that they want, or if it's a little bit too busy, like it totally throws them off. And they're going to walk into the gym with a negative mentality of only seeing the things that are, you know, they consider as a detriment to their work. Oh, my God, it's so crowded here. Oh, oh, she, everybody's doing chest. I'm doing chest today. Oh, man, they don't have the leg extension broken. What am I supposed to do? You know, and it's like, you're not wrong, but not being wrong doesn't make you right. So, what's your overarching goal? You want to come to the gym, you want to have a good workout. But you probably also want to feel pretty good doing it. And feeling good is just as much mental as it is physical. So, if I walk into the gym today and let's say everybody was using like all the back equipment, then maybe, you know, kind of an instinctual thought might pop up in my mind, where I'm like, with the heck, today's Friday, and it really is, it was national back day. You know, like that, I'm not going to say that might not pop up in my mind. I'm not so, you know, zen that I don't get that kind of like little frustration. But I would want to at least try to snuff that out and replace it with, okay. Well, what am I going to do? So, let's get a gameplay of here. Because the more you're dwelling on that, like crap, everybody's in, like, how are you supposed to get any good work done? And then you're just like grumbling in your own mind to tease yourself. Like, what do you do? So, at least that's what I'm trying to do. I'm not saying I do that every time, you know, if you, if the odds are stacked against me, let's say I got bad sleep, I'm in a rush. I am, like, just, for whatever reason, like, a little bit antsy or whatever, and then I walk in the gym, and then everybody's using all the equipment that I was planning to use in my mind already. Then, yeah, I mean, I might be like, oh, shit. But I try not to. Because it's just not conducive with having fun or having a good workout. And those are kind of, those are up there. You know, I've got a few goals every lift. Not hurt myself. That one has become more and more prevalent in my mind as time has passed. Because I've pushed the envelope pretty bad. Like, I've had some good chess poles, and some hamstring pops, and all sorts of everything. And I don't like being hurt sucks. So, I do not want to do that anymore. And especially if it's at my own hand, I mean, we'd be the pure foolishness. So, that's where, so, one of my highest priorities now is just the lack of self-induced injury. But in a more like, just subjective approach, I want to be able to feel good after these workouts. And I really want to feel, be able to feel good while I'm doing them. So, I was just doing a whole talk on the drive home yesterday. I'm kind of, you know, reiterating myself here. But that feeling good in the gym part, that is not to do with your, like, motivation or your hype, or just, you know, whatever kind of amount of lock to it, locked in the mentality you're thinking about. Like, 80% of feeling good in pushing yourself hard in the gym and enjoying it is going to come from the pillars of support that happen outside of the gym. Getting a good amount of sleep staying well hydrated, having a reasonable diet. And I know that, at my sound kind of silly for me to say, but when I say reasonable diet, I mean a diet that's conducive with whatever your goals are at the time. So, if my goal is to, you know, bulk up and gain as much weight as possible over the course of, like, six months, then yeah, I'm going to have some treats in there too. But if my goal is to diet down, I'm going to be just a strict and reverse, you know. So, don't add reasonable for what your goals are. But if those things are in line, then to have a good workout is like, it's just a matter of course. It's not even something you have to, you know, really think about because it's not so much that you're suddenly doing things which are going to boost your workout into out of this world proportions. But you're just negating any potential drawbacks for yourself, right? I mean, to walk into the gym with basically being in a dehydrated state boom, you just put rocks in your shoes. So, walk into the gym and you definitely did not sleep well enough. What's it, what's it good little, well, that sucks too. And then to come into the gym and have, get this carmels to work down. But to come into the gym under Fed and you can tell that you really aren't properly fed. Then your energy levels are going to suffer too. I mean, all those things add up. So, to do those, doesn't feel that glamorous. You know, go to bed or drink your water, right? Eat pretty reasonable meals. Like, that's not really the fun part, there's no glamour there. But when you come into the gym and you work out and you're trying to perform the preparation you did beforehand, we'll pay off. And for me, that's what I like. When I come into the gym, I want to feel good, I want to push myself hard, I want to break it sweat. I don't want it to feel like work. So, if I'm well fed, well rested, well hydrated, then that ends up being the case. And it's just, you know, works out way better for me. Like, are you going to get more work done at your desk if it's covered in trash, and, you know, half of your computer's wires are like unplugged, or you get more work done if everything's nice and clean and orderly. And you're, you know, you're just setting yourself up for success like that. So, as, as mundane as it sounds, right? It sounds like every mom comes to the earlier, you know, drink how much water did you eat today? Like, a lot of truth to it, a lot of truth to it, that's what I'll say there. So, oh, you can't tell I got to say? Yeah, I wrapped it up. Day 70 something, so I don't see you for what I hope to be a highly-striated, vaining, an overall freaky arm day tomorrow. And I say, hope, it's not a hope thing. I know that's going to be the case. So, I'll see you then.