Here we go. Back again, an early-ish lift as well. 349. The sun still up very nice to remain. Keeping with a good schedule. So after an hour of cardio in the morning, plus some ab work, it's time for legs. It's time for legs fueled by 1200 calories of jet fuel, aka egg whites with chopped spinach and fat free cheese, as well as a one of the protein, low carb, flavored, sweet, whatever kind of like fake Reese's cups, which I just went on a little bit of a rant about saying, you're usually better off just going for the real thing. So kind of going against my own best judgment. But it tastes pretty good and for 200 calories, 14 grams of fat 10 grams of neck carbs plus 80 grams of the weight isolate protein that they use. That's terrible. And at the end of the day, the dieting isn't the hardest thing in the world. I don't know. Isn't the most complicated thing in the world? It's definitely a little bit tricky, difficult to watch. But it's just simply not exceeding my calorie limit. So I can tell I do need something sweet every now and again to kind of tide me over. Otherwise, I'd probably just go freaking nuts in the pantry at like 11 o'clock at night when I'm trying to go to bed because I need to quench it. And that's where some of the zero calorie like soda isn't stuff, can come into play as a little sweet tooth curbing agents. And that's something that I just do not understand. I mean, the diet soda gets so much hate. Like, have you ever drank a, uh, you're going to get a rate zero? Do you think that? Like, what? What is the diet soda gets so much hate? I think we all know why. It's because everybody, for, you know, however long has been saying, well, the diet soda is actually worse for you than the full sugar soda. Yeah, let's just say I would beg to differ. But that's a talk for it's own day. Playing for lakes, hamstrings in quads. I want to stimulate them as much as necessary, combined with pumping them up as much as possible. And in the process, not hurt myself. So hamstrings, I have an easy enough time with. Hamstring curls, laying, seated, maybe some arty else potentially some cable arty else. That'll be sweet. And honestly, strength doesn't come into, it doesn't come into play as a factor so much. Like, with chest, I'm definitely going lighter now that I'm dying. But with hamstrings, it's like, I don't necessarily, like, I'm going lighter, but none of the movements are like really heavy anyway. Quads is where I back off, you know, not doing 10 set, or 10 plate leg press. I'm going to ease it a little bit more, just stimulate a work. So leg extensions for sure. Are we some machine like press? Maybe it's touches this, he's quads. We'll just have to see. But I'm going to aim for hamstrings first and then follow with quads in the second half. And hopefully within about an hour and a half or so, I'll be standing in front of the mirror with a set of 20 trunks saying, holy crap. Never seen that name before. So I guess we'll just see if that prediction is going to be an accurate dawn. Ahhhh 이 morgarse LIKE THAT Just Just Its Yeah, cool. Oh my god. Let's see, two more nasty ones like that. And then move out of something, write and squeeze in. Ah. No. No, we gotta kill. All right, I like it. I do one more just like that, but I gotta drop the weight. Stack is way too much for three with the last of you little heavy use, okay? But one more at one, 15 instead of 190. And then have some cutie, cable already, I like it. No. No. Oh, no. Oh, my god. Oh, holy crap. Oh. Main point here, apart from just doing RDL and filling your hamstrings, is I love these cables, because I was just explaining something instead of like smith machines on a bar, but a bar has to stay in front of your shins. They can't take it, except this is freaking reality. With the cables, my hands can be, right? I'll take some of my sides, which is true for dumbbell too. But it's just not the same. So let's get it out done. And honestly, the feel of wrap of the stack was might have been a little too heavy with the feet. Oh, okay. All right. No. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, no. Oh, okay. No, my god. Oh, jeez. Yeah, one more of those. And then I'm ready for quads. Yeah, I'm just getting racked by those hamstrings, curls. You know it. No. No. Oh, yeah, I can't. No. Oh, okay. Let's go do some like extensions. So standard procedure. Five reps from the left side. Well, five in the right, five in the left. And then this is serving as a warm-up set and a working set. So this is not insane weight. And the first five reps on the outside will feel like nothing, like all be able to get five. But by the time I get to like the third or fourth back and fourth, I should start to feel some fatigue built up. And then by the time I'm having trouble even getting those five out, I'll call the set. I'm not necessarily dying to reach a point to my. Absolutely. Completely muscular failure. At least not right now. Fast forward a few months to, you know, carved up muscle building this. That'll be different story. 145. 145. 145. Oh, that'd be good. You're more like that. That's going to be one, not a check of your, the one 60. You got a little bit of a pattern to build up here, because I want this set to be the last year, the last one. And I've been a fast at taste. Not to the point where like I kicked away the pad launchers that I catch it again. That would be too far, but just faster pace more like pumping do some reps. Because as much value as there is in a slow, controlled, squeezing set, I really don't want to do every set of every workout like that. And nor should I. I want to completely lock myself into a box of only one specific style and it kind of sucks because that's all we hear. It's like, oh, you got to do all you reps slow. You got to do full concentric. It'll do a three second, each inch dude. Get a pump. Go hard and do it by any means necessary. Now, I think a good methodical with purpose to that. Just make sure you hit the spectrum on both ends. You know, some more pumpish faster pace reps combine with some slower squeezing holding reps. I think that's the sweet spot being widely trained almost. But let me, yeah. Oh, come on. There we go. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. One more dose. Actually a little lighter. That might have been pushing it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Oh. Let's move on. Let's get a good set of. Moderate weight. Let's go. Once I pick a good set, I need to go along with that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. That's something zijn the rest of us. Yeah. Yeah. necessary to wall generals that one of them. Oh, you're the way. Let's go, ponce down. Oh crap. Oh, that's not supposed to be so heavy. Goodness. I like it. Let's do one set of 60 squats. Just do the finish popping sort of set. And technically this is the second set. Here's the first one. I wanted to do a filler wrap and other though. So I could feel it's pretty good. One more of these. Very very wet stretch focus. Nice focus. Yeah. Oh, fuck. Oh, I'm here. Now let's go close that. Okay, so hamstrings. Very conventional. Quads took a little bit of a turn. But those sea squats felt really good. So if it's just you, like you don't have like a, you know, like a, you know, like a, gym membership or whatever, you know, doing home style workouts. Usually unless you have like some kind of weight to do some weighted quad squats, I would have said you're at a look. But honestly, those 60 squats are a fucking game changer. And why I say that is because just zoom in only on your knee. What do you do during a leg extension, right? That's it. And in a 60 squat, same thing. My body's not moving. Feeling like me is bending on my knees. So be a little careful about him. It is a lot of tension, you know, pretty much your entire body weight going through your knees. I mean, minimal quad, I don't know. Maximum quad activation, minimal glute activation. But solid isolation. And something about the stretch portion too is nuts. I'm not crap at all. Well, okay. These pants are like tied at the bottom. Not going to be able to get them around my shoes. But how are quad's looking? Give me an honest update. Don't hold back. Oh, all right. Now we're getting somewhere. And don't forget, this is with a quad pump too. So, dire and that diet a bit flat. This left quad will look even freakier than it already does with all these kind of cross striations and feathering. Woo. Yeah, right sides a little bit behind. Actually, the right side looks like it's got a little more feathering game down here. The left one, this whole sort of ladder roller, whatever they call it. That's got most of my striated qualities. Well, let's just kind of go through some regular style standing poses. Holy crap. It's already even stand up with my quad's pump right now. Oh, boy. So, as I keep getting leaner, this separating area of quad to hamstring will only get freaky and freaky here. And looks like the calf-free game is coming along reasonably nicely as well. Oh, yeah, the left one's really got some veins going on. Oh, that's cool to see. I'm considering doing some pump check hiatus. And now I'm not confirmed on that yet, but looking at yourself every day, the changes become a little bit more marginal, whereas, you know, if you're diving down, and you only really check yourself out, pumps once a week, you may actually really be able to notice some of the reps changes. And those are very motivating to see. But either way, let's go grab my stuff and get the car. I am tired. There we go. That was a good one. That was a good one. To the point, did not require one million different kinds of sets, and one million different kind of super, whatever. Honestly, I think my leg days and some of my lifts are going to begin to get much simpler. Like, that leg press was not even working with me. Something that definitely the pressing just gets harder and harder, which, I mean, my sound obvious. But, yeah, I would have been better off not even doing that once, and just doing a few supersets of the leg extensions, Sissy Squad combo. So, the legs days might become a little bit monotonous, but I'm trying to fight against the internal hype to try to do some crazy sets of squats. Now, even today when I was doing those sets of leg extensions, I was kind of getting myself abdupped again. I was just making this happen, come on. I did four plates squats a week ago. Let's do five plates squats today. Like, I was running through the motions, I'm like, okay, let's do it five. But I managed to quail the ego liftor within and be okay. Because, I mean, if I go to Heaven, just gonna tweak my stuff, it sucks. But, that's what I can curb my inner need to lift a bunch of weight for the benefit of. One thing, not hurt myself, and just the overarching goals of longevity beyond. And I know when I start bulking up again, the weights will come along with it. Not that lifting a ton of weight is the point, but it is cool. Like, there's no getting around that. Doing a really heavy set of squats, having it feel good, not hurt yourself afterward, and knowing that you stimulated your quads enough to induce growth in a bulking phase is a pretty awesome situation to be in. So, I can weigh a little while before I get back into it. But, what else is there to say, and I'm gonna, should have a morning weight update tomorrow. I haven't been tracking my weight every day, just because every day isn't really like feasible. Because I might be a little, or might have a little more water or food in my stomach for the night before, or for whatever reason, everything might have cleared out of my system a little bit more, so then I'm like a pound lighter than normal. It's, there's some variability too. But, one little tip I can say for sure is if you're weighing yourself, there's pretty much only one time that I would recommend it to get an actual, like, reasonably accurate representation of how much you actually weigh. And that is gonna be in the morning, in the nude, after you've gone to the bathroom, and before you've drank anything. I just had a group of guys that this gym get into a real fancy, basically a weight debate, because one of the guys was telling them, Dude, I weighed 210 at my scale at home, and then he came to the gym, and he stepped on the scale, and he was 190. Or maybe it was some kind of huge disparity like that. Now that I think is just some of these scales were off, but, like, I really am not joking. If you weigh yourself with shoes and clothes and everything else, I mean, that's an extra four or five pounds, maybe, that isn't really your body weight. And if you weigh yourself anytime after you've started eating, your weight could be pretty crazy different. I mean, if I were to weigh myself in the morning, empty stomach versus later on of the day after I've eaten some food and drank it's on a water, I could weigh 10 more pounds over the course of just a couple of hours. That's not 10 pounds of fat or muscle, it's just food and water, you know. So if you want to real accurate, like, trackable time to weigh yourself, it's gonna be right in the morning, after the bathroom, before breakfast. I actually look at that data over time and think, okay, well, now I'm starting to see some reasonably accurate trends because day by day, your weight's gonna fluctuate anyway. You know, you're gonna be going up and down two or three pounds. Let's say, maybe one little craze in the night before, gave yourself a refeed, be it planned or unplanned. Dude, you just jumped three pounds. Or maybe one day, your little, you felt a little sick or something, you didn't eat enough food, you just didn't drink enough water, whatever. You might drop five pounds. You know, so don't stress about your day by day weight. What you should be more concerned with is your week by week, you know, by weekly, weight checkings. Because if you're not seeing any changes over the course of, like, weeks, then that's an indication of a problem. And that's telling you, or it should be at least, like, okay. My weight isn't changing. I'm exactly the same weight that I was two weeks ago, and I've been trying to die it down. I'm not getting any leaner, so, you know, that's an indication that whatever it is that you're doing is not enough. Which doesn't sound very fun, but it's just sometimes that's an nature of it. So, don't think that is a bad thing. You know, a lot of people can get very discouraged by not seeing the scale drop or not seeing the scale go up, if they're in a bullpen phase. But I don't see it that way. You know, it's just simply an objective indicator of whether what the routine that you're doing in the calories that you're eating and everything else is enough. So, it makes it pretty simple. If I'm not losing a poundish a week, and that's my cue, holy crap, Sam. You get to start up in the cardio, or it might be time to drop your calories by, you know, a hundred or even two hundred. All right, little things like that. And it's really that simple. Now, it's not that easy, but it is that simple, you know. So, it's, like I said in the car on the way here, it's really just a eating enough food to reach whatever your goal is, or not eating as much food as you would potentially like to. Like, I'm kind of feeling right now. I was, I was just talking to somebody who had just finished a dieting phase, and he was basically, he didn't mean to do it. But he was kind of rubbin' in my face as I do it. Once you don't with this diet bro, the food tastes four times as good, and I'm like, okay. Don't tell me that right now. Don't tell me that as I'm going home to my big, tougher, where full of ground beef with, like, just barbecue sauce. And that's like my treat for the night. But that's okay. The fact that it's hard means it's, uh, means it's valuable. Okay, so I think that's all I gotta say there for the post-lift action. Ideally, or not ideally, but I predict that the freak factor will continue to increase. And now all I have to do is manifest that prediction into a tangible reality by tracking all my calories into my macro tracker, avoiding Ben and Jerry's and Krispy Creme and Cinematos Crunchy and all costs, which so far has been manageable, but you know, who's to say it's time that begins to pass. So we all just have to see. But I can guarantee you this. I will keep you updated. So I will see you for what I hope to be, the freakiest chess pump yet. Maybe not the freakiest ever. I have been leaner than this before, so I'm still working on getting in a new territory. But we're getting close to leanest ever. And then soon enough, I'll be able to say, I'm beyond the leanest ever been. And that would become my new peak. But until then, I was just to see you tomorrow.