I have yet to watch a single Christmas movie this year. No peanuts, no grinch, no elf, no nothing. Maybe that'll maybe I'll start something like that during the post-back day cardio tonight. Who's to say, right? I mean, do not be fooled. Just because you have to do cardio, you know, sit there and let me actually pedal or whatever else. That doesn't mean you can't do other things, too. Depending on what machine you pick, I'm personally partial to pedal based machines. I seated by seated, kind of like a look to go sort of thing. Your hands are free. You can tool around on your phone, bust out a best-atural, game-boy advanced to give yourself some nostalgia from playing Super Mario Bros. 3. Do whatever the hell you want. Read a book. Mark just got me a copy of the first Dune for Christmas. I'm actually going to go, I'm going to read that thing, too. Because I just watched the newer Timothy Shalom A1 Dune and Dune 2. And now I'm going to have Dam Dunyak. Frankly, I am seeing a lot of the similarities and the inspiration behind a lot of Star Wars tropes. Because don't be fooled. Dune came first. So it's getting a resurgence nowadays. That's kind of nice though. I've had an, and this is unrelated to the lifting, but I've had enough, like, what, what, or I can't even, I can't even list all of the new Marvel movie names. Just too much, right? At least at least go back to some old school stuff in a new way. That's, like, we don't need any more sequels. That's usually what I end up thinking whenever I scroll through, like Netflix or anything else. But most of my meal, watching, or meal eating in cardio, doing videos so far that have been helping me pass the time, tons of Linus and Tick-Tips videos. I have just been going through all of them. Which I do every so often. I, I never knew more about GPUs and motherboards than I do whenever I'm on a Linus Tick-Tips craze. Which is, yeah, it was really crazy. When me and Mark went to Vegas to go to that power slap thing, I ran into fireworks this name. Ah, I can't remember. It was another one of the, like, the Tech YouTube guys. But I stopped and I was like, you know, just watching one of your PC-built tutorials, holy crap. I just want to see it in there. But on a more pressing note with tonight's back day, all these gyms are closed. It's, uh, I don't, I don't want to disclose the time. It's very late. I sort of spent today sleeping here. And I did my first cardio session kind of later. I, uh, I could tell I was feeling a little extra sleepy. So, and it said, they give myself a couple hours of sees. But now I'm kind of paying for it because I let my routine get off axis a little bit. But that's not going to stop a solid lift. So, still got access to cables, seated rope, pull down some dumbbells, mainly cables, and sort of the pull-up bar are going to be the stars of the show for tonight's back day. But you know, they need too much more, you know? I mean, as long as you can leverage something to have like a pulling towards your body, rowing action, a pulled down type situation, be it just like a pull-up. And maybe a pull over if you're feeling froggy, then that's it. I mean, I've had back days, I've had tons of back days back, uh, especially kind of peak COVID era. When all I had access to was the basement gym, rack, pull-up bar, one cable, and then some dumbbells. Some of the freakyest freaking back pumps in my life. I have a meaning to go back to my parents asking clean out that space, so I can actually lift down there again whenever I don't want to go to a public gym. But it's, uh, I think there's a certain fallacy that every workout has to be very complicated and have like 10 different movements and 10 different sets of every different movement, whereas like, you know, just don't need that much. Pull down or a pull down style movement and a row. Frankly, if I, if every back day I could only choose two movements and do like a few sets of rows to start and then finish with pull down, I would be perfectly fine with that because what is your back doing, man, you know, and apart from like scapular retraction or whatever else, it's pulling stuff. It's taking your arm from out here. You grab onto something and then you, bring your elbow towards your body until you can't any further. So be that from the top down and like a pull down from the bottom up and more of a shrugged row. It's really just pulling your elbow towards your torso from a variety of different angles. So I like boiling it down to a very simple thing like that. Like, what's a bicep curl? Bring your hand towards your shoulder. Like so. What's a chest press or a chest fly? It's not pushing anything through hands. It's pulling your elbow across your body. It's rotating your arm about your shoulder in this way where your chest is a thing pulling your forward. And I think there's a solid value to be able to visualize like the system of basically tension and whatever else that's going on in, you know, like your quads. What are you doing to leg extension? You don't just push the thing, your flexing your quads and pulling your knee upward. Like thinking about that, I feel almost, let's me put myself into whatever muscle I'm and just helps me feel it a little bit more. You know, because instead of just like doing a movement and then gradually feeling more fatigued over time, every rep, if I'm really visualizing like my lats pulling my elbows down toward my hips, then at the bottom of every rep of just a simple strip, our pull down, I can have a good momentary like burning squeeze at the bottom. And then it just adds to every rep, you know. And if every rep is just a little bit more intense, then overall, every set is going to be a little bit more intense. And then every workout is going to be a little bit more intense. And then every workout is going to be a bit more stimulating. And the chain of command just keeps following down the line. So all that's to say is whenever you do an arrow or a pull down or leg extension or whatever, really try to make sure that at the top of most of your reps. Now if I do a nasty set, it's a little bit different. But I mean for most normal working sets, like I really want to feel a good at the bottom of every one. And then, you know, as I get closer to failure, now you can only do a couple of partial reps. It's not so important. But by then, I'm not thinking about like the squeeze, I'm thinking okay. I'm just not even like thinking normal thoughts. But either way, I think within the hour, I will have a reasonably freaky back pump. Hopefully some new back veins, the likes of which we'll get to see during the post down. And then finish some more cardio. cardio is cardio is the theme of these last couple of days. Now that especially now that I'm past the hour mark, right now, I'm about the hour and a half mark. Because hour the morning and then 30 after the lifts, except for leg days. And it doesn't feel unbearable. Like it's actually still pretty feasible. So I'm sure within a couple of weeks that cardio is actually going to be increased even further, which it's starting to feel kind of crazy. But you had to do it you had to do. So I think no more talking about we just get in the gym and then I get this lift started. Let's start with some close grip pull bands. I usually don't do these, so in a spirit of changing things up, I want to start with something that I don't normally start with. Bye. No, my hands. Feel more ders any. far about? Oh my gosh. Oh, I'm gonna make this next one a drop set for sure. And I just remember the guy who's Jay's two cents. Dude, it's freaking tall. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh my gosh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Let's roast something now. That's a good three opening poll that sets. Common theme for this gym. But I really do like seated roast here instead of over there. And since I'm not really even going that heavy right now, this is cool. So I really want to feel like my shoulder blades are touching each other at the back. So it's almost like I want the back of my triceps, or I guess, what I'm right here, to feel like if they're being pulled all the way around as far as they can. I'm not just pulling it. That's sort of my mental cue to make sure I release squeeze at the top. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my god. Two more goodness. These reps are going to be quick from the start. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One more. Then the last set will be some kind of superset between a row and a pull over or a row and a pull down. And then I think that'll be it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my goodness. I'm ready for a superset. I'm pretty sure. Let me just decide what I want it to be. Not totally sure yet. But I know it's going to involve some wide grip pullbacks. That's for sure. This one set might actually be it. Basically, it's wide as I can reach and weight that's light enough. At the bottom, I can really get a momentary squeeze. Like I was talking about the car. And if I decided to do one more set, I like to pull over. That's cool too. But I'm going to go about this set as if it's my last one. Trying to leave anything at the take. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think we're ready for the other step. There we go. All right. Backfully pumped. Let's see how the shirt, last spread looks. Which it should be reasonably freaky. But that's just a hypothesis. Let's get the raw data. Yeah, I think we get some Doritos action going on there. But through the shirt means nothing. I don't know why we're tank. They're both coming off again anyway. Yeah, we got right in the middle. Oh, I guess. Oh, my goodness. And don't worry, I am in fact practicing posing. Oh, just a bit trickier. Immediately right after a lift. But for you, I was seeing the car. I'm going to get quite acquainted with that seated bike right over Yonder. So let's fast forward 30 minutes. All right. Just out of the go a little extra crazy. 45 minutes difficulty 10. The machine says 400 calories. That's about freaking right. Now let's get in the car. Oh, my God. All right. So I just made a YouTube post. Q and A questions right now quick with a little picture of a real. I've got a we got a vest on. I'm like, but let's let's go for the top. So if you were up late enough to see it, then you get some luck on your side there. In Zark, Inzer, carry big off, Inzer, carry big off, 9 9 2 1. Why can't you eat only junk food if it fits your macros? I don't understand why healthy food is healthy. And that is a really good question. You actually got a, that was the first one. That's a freaking banger. So what it comes down to as far as I'm concerned is just lunged. You know, like for me, I don't have a lot of food. Right now. Like I'm trimming down and the calorie intake is noticeably low. So that means that I've only got 2,000 ish calories to eat for the entire day. Now that adds up to I think like 100 grams of carbs, 40, 50 of fats, and 250 grams of protein. So right now, all that protein is coming from ground beef. I've got like five pounds of cubed steaks season in the suvi that it, like it's a go home to take out, put a new big Tupperware eggs, ground turkey, like just straight protein sources, and then you know, it's kind of fancy about them. Like nothing fried, no fatty steaks or anything. So all the protein that's just coming from there, which is kind of where you should get your protein anyway. Like I don't, I don't really want to eat junk food protein. Like the protein should come from dedicated high quality protein sources. But when it comes to those 100 grams of carbs and 40 grams of fats, if I only ate 100 grams of carbs and 40 grams of fats for the entire day, worth of benageries, like I had a little half tub or a quarter tub of benageries, and I could eat that for my carbs and fats, and I only ate that much. Then the dieting phase would still work. I would still be in a calorie deficit and I'd still trim down. Now when it comes to getting like really lean like peeled, you might run into some trouble just because it's going to kind of throw off your blood sugar and whatever else in your insulin sensitivity. But for the most part, yeah, I would be able to do that. I would keep getting leaner. But the problem is it just wouldn't really work that way. Because 100 grams of carbs and 40 grams of fats from ice cream is not going to be very filling at all. Really, it will not be filling. So I'm just going to be hungrier, eating the junk food or like the treats like that. Then I would be if those 100 grams of carbs and 40 of fats came from like low carb tortillas, low fat free cheese, like low carb breads and just salads and like makes vegetables with all the food and everything else. Because that's just more filling, you know, in a bulking context, you know, I'm going to have some treats because those calories are what I'm aiming for. I need to eat in a calorie surplus. But if you've only got this many calories to work with, then I need to make this many calories count. So I need to eat foods that are more filling and are going to make me feel full so that I don't come back to the kitchen every 30 minutes, halfing to, you know, scathing around for some kind of snack or something just to try to curb my hunger. You know, so it's more so a problem of just what's more feasible and just doable on a day by day basis. So, you know, the treats, if I want them, I can fit them in, but I got to pay the price of now I'm going to be hungrier. In 30 minutes, then I would be if I had a bowl of, you know, eggs mixed with broccoli and cauliflower that I steamed in the microwave versus like, you know, a pack of ramen or something like that. But it's very good question. Let's see. Z3RA1R says, do you watch football and if so, who is your favorite team? I tune in, you know, I'll tune in. I'm not like a die-hart fan of anything particular, but obviously I'm going to root OSU if they're playing. Other than that, I don't really have too many affiliations, whichever team seems like they're in underdog sometimes they kind of lean towards them just because I love seeing an upset, but I haven't got that question yet, so that's a good one. How fast can you clear a whole rotisserie chicken asks Phil fan of 1-320? Well, you know, let's, are you talking straight on the bone off of the, like, the oven rack because that's going to be way too hot to eat? Let's assume it's cooled down to eatable temperature and how clean do I have to get it, you know, can I leave some scraps? Do you have to be, I mean, it wouldn't have to be surgically like bones on the end of it. I'd say, what's a full, what's the rotisserie chicken way? Is that about probably three pounds of, three pounds? Give me an hour and a half, I could guarantee I could get it down in an hour and a half. Hour would probably be pushing it, it might depend on how hungry I am, but I think I could totally do it, but the exact time frame, I'm not totally sure, I've just never eaten that much chicken at once. But I think I could, you could put me down for one at least, I could definitely put down a whole versusery. Moon one two two two two two two one, how many of the things of the other did you make tomorrow with the, like, thinking emoji? I, I think he might have missed tight. That's not really a, that's not really a real question. Oh, there we go. Now we got a ton of comments, I got some discounts through here. Let's, let's see what else to be done here. Are you a big fan of Rungicata, or no, Rungicata numerical methods? Are you more of an improved, youeler kind of guy? Asked Harry Truman M4R, dash M4R, rather. Uh, I feel like Rungicata, I don't remember that was kind of a while ago. I, I feel like I didn't love Uller's method, so I'm going to go with Rungicata, but I don't really, I don't really recall. Favorite anime right now? I don't know, man. I've, I've seen a ton, like I've got a list, you know, anybody that watches a ton of anime, they've all got a Google Doc, where they write down every show they've seen. I've, I've watched a lot of them, and nothing is really getting me going, you know, like I tune into one piece every so often just to see what's going on. But usually, I like the spoilers are enough to tell me how the story's going. You did catch me right after I had a bit of a thought, though. I was thinking of myself after I watched some kind of TikTok, whereas like if you could go back in time and erase your memory of a show that you watched, which one would it be? So that you could watch it again. And the first one that came to mind is Jojo. Right? One through six, haven't read part seven, haven't read part eight or nine. I might have to, just because I know how cool it is. And I'm part six was kind of unfortunate, you know, the show itself, the animation was not exactly there. Part five was nuts. Part six though. But I would have to say Jojo is probably up there as my favorite. Close tie with berserk, close tie with Naruto, close one pieces around there too. But it's apples and oranges, you know, each one has its own, I mean each one's its own story. I mean you can't judge something like that. You can say they're both good, but picking one over the other, you know, it's such a subjective thing. But I'd say those are kind of my favorites now. Favorite movie and why? A lot of media questions. The next one is one is a, oh, let's, one is the first show. That's a different kind of show. But Ryan 15 core 32, favorite movie and why? What is my favorite movie? Hmm. Favorite movie? I don't know. I just watched a bunch of the gangster movies. I think I finished Godfather. I don't know if I watched Godfather too. I loved, uh, what's the one where it's about the casino guy? I don't know. I just watched the big short, that was pretty good. I can pick a favorite. There's so many. Too many to remember. When is the first show? That's planned for February. That is the current plan that we're rolling with. But nothing's like specifically set yet. Once that's like locked in, that's when this series is going to change from like winter shredathon to like, you know, three weeks out, two weeks out, one day out. Like that sort of thing. But that's for, that's for a little while. The Brian channel, could you go back to the intro music you were using last year around this time? Nothing wrong with the new intro music. It just brings back memories. No, the, uh, every time I pick an intro song, it gets copyrighted. I need to, uh, I feel kind of weird having somebody commission it. I don't want to just like play around a garage, maybe come up with something. I feel like that'd be a little cooler. But that's, uh, that's soon. There's going to be another intro again. We're just going to know intro for a little bit. What's your favorite color? Ask Angel Policios 2271. I'm not totally sure, man. You know, I think, uh, I think what's your favorite colors kind of, uh, it's kind of a simple question. I think what's your favorite color combo is a little bit cooler. And I'd say I'm pretty partial to either a black and gray with a red or a blue kind of highlight. Like my, uh, like my computer, black background, but like sort of a blue highlight, that sort of thing. I like that kind of combo. Honestly, that's like, uh, it's basically just how I dress all the time. And if I got the gray pants or black gray, uh, like black pants black shoes, black hat, plain t-shirt, absolutely perfect. But probably some reds and blues are in there. Those are kind of the most prevalent for me. Bob, a duck bro. What are your thoughts on trying to maintain motivation and discipline to cut and stay lean, even when in college slash on vacation or drinking culture is so prevalent to have it fun. And that's a deep question. That's a deep one. And it's, it's kind of tricky, you know, because if you're the one guy who says he doesn't want to go out, then you kind of put yourself out there is the buzzkill, you know. So it's, you know, it might be tempting. I'm not saying just stay home all the time, but, you know, whatever you go out, just don't buy yourself a bunch of drinks and like get black out drunk. Apart from just like, it's own problems that that comes with lifting specifically. It's, it's not good for games. It's simply, uh, it's a performance de-hancer for games. Your mind, what's the phrase? Your, your muscular high-perchriffy is reduced by, I don't know, what percentage? A hundred if you're constantly getting seriously, like, splurge out of your mind on the regular. And then also, it's like, you know, it's, it's never been my thing. So it's easy for me to say that. But if it's hard for you to get away from that space, like if your friends are always going out, then, if they're the type where they're trying to force you into it and like make sure that you come along and do everything that they're doing. And you're expressed that you don't really want to. Then that might be a question of like, who are you hanging around? Right? And I'm not, like, I'm not your dad. But if you got five dudes who aren't locked in drinking other regular, what are the odds that if you're in that group, you're going to be the outlier? You know, so that's, that's not really for me to say, that's for you to say to you in kind of an internal sort of situation. But, you know, it's not like going out a couple of times every month is going to absolutely derail your fitness goals. But in the moment, it definitely will have an impact. So, you know, fast forward six months or look back six months. However, many times you went out, just add it up in your mind and think, okay, was that really even worth it? Like if I look back in every time I went out, like this is, this is me as, as you, if you're that guy, like, okay, today. Okay, if I could go back, I totally wouldn't have done that. And that's basically the gist of what getting smarter and like getting more wise is looking back and trying to stay something. And okay, yeah, I probably shouldn't do that next time. All right, perfect. It's nothing wrong with screwing up, but it's being able to look at it and think, okay, let's change something up for next time, you know. But that's, it's easy for me to say that because I've never really had to be in that position. Like I've been locked into the, like, everything working out bodybuilding wise since like mid high school. So the idea of me even like actually drinking is like it's always been comical, you know, so that's, that's it for you and that's it for you to think about yourself. But I'm not saying it's easy, but it is simple. Let's keep screwing up here. Lame soul. If I had to go back and do it all again, what would I tell my younger self? Well, I'd probably tell my, how young are we talking here? And we talking like 16 or we talking like 10. Because if it's 10, then I would have somehow convinced my dad to buy a bunch of Bitcoin way back when that would be a pretty big move. But if we're talking fitness related back 16 when I started, I, you know, I'm not, I'm not telling you. I've probably told myself, I don't need to do 25 sets of biceps in one workout and that eight good ones with suffice. But apart from that, I don't think there's really anything you'd want to say, you know, because any mistakes that I've made over the course of time, I've kind of learned from it. That's what's put me exactly where I'm at right now. And as much as you could look back at yourself and think, man, what the hell was I thinking? Or like, man, oh, it's, why would I even want to do that? Or just whatever. The only reason that you have that perspective now is because you got to look back and think, well, I was totally screwing up back then, but now I get it right. So as long as you get in smarter every time, then, you know, every time you mess up, every time you go through something, you just kind of come out of it a little bit stronger or smarter. So it's like, kind of a paradox because if you go back in time and change something, then who you are now is not totally different. Or you just like, not exist or like worst case scenario, you like turn into your own grandpa, it's, you know, But I would definitely tell myself, I don't need to do so much volume. I could have toned it down and focused more on set by set intensity. 7 9 3 5 asks, have you watched arcane season 1 or 2? Not a legal legend's fan, but arcane was awesome. I didn't watch season 1, I liked it. Season 2, I just haven't started it yet. I know I will. I see all of the, um, Oh crap, what's this name? Like the main dude, the Hex tech guy. Well, I see all those like TikTok edits, they look pretty cool. I'll probably watch that pretty soon. I like the first one. I think they did a really good job. ASPN asks, what other hobbies do you have outside of the gym? Not a ton. I don't know, see, that's kind of the biggest one. But I dabble. I dabble every so often. I'll grab, uh, get a Rubik's Cube set of my desk, sometimes I'll fidget around with that. I can, um, I think if, if I really got warmed up into it and I had like a good, uh, scramble, I can solve it about 30 seconds or so. You can put me down for under a minute for sure, but like, for under 45 seconds, I'd have to really be in the zone. Um, I, I got a, I got like a $100 square, stratic astric guitar in high school, and like I tried to start playing it a little bit, and then it just hung up on the wall. I brought that from my parents' house to my apartment, sometimes I mess around with it. I, uh, I tried it, and trying to see if I can learn that over time too. Not like crazy seriously, but just, you know, but other than that, the fitness is a lot of it, and I'm so, like, cool with that. Let's see what else we got here. What's your thoughts on the new Kendrick album, GNX, haven't heard it? It's probably good. Another hobby is except for the gym question by Adam the man. We kind of already got that one. Sidney Lauren Courtney asks, what's your new year's resolution? I don't really have a new year's resolution particularly. Definitely not one in mind, and I don't think I've ever really had one specifically. Stay locked in. I guess that's probably, uh, that's probably a good one. Swell Rickett's fan page one asks, how do I figure out my purpose? That's a reasonable question. That's a reasonable question. If I had to boil it down to what my purpose is, you know, in a very overarching context, I'd say I want to be able to look back at all the things that I've done later on down the line and think, I went for it. I made some shit happen nice, and then, you know, no I at least tried to do some crazy shit. But unlike a day by day process or context, I wake up and I'm excited to go do my cardio. I got a lift later in the evening, and then I go to bed thinking about the fact that I did that, and then I'm going to do it again tomorrow. So that's kind of my main thing. So I'd say just dabble around. You know, there's a good mix of circumstances when you find something you have a little bit of aptitude for that you like doing at least a little. And that you can do frequently, you know, so if you can find something, it's all these three criteria and just practice a lot. I, you know, hypothetically, that could just become a new thing, you know, but it's, it's really just like, what do you think it would be cool to do? And then if you, if something immediately comes to mind, I say, just go for it. Best case scenario, you find a new thing that you become freaking sweet at. Maybe become the next, you know, the next big woodworking, table manufacturer, the Midwest for like custom, whatever, or, you know, worst case scenario you think, man. That was stupid. I'm going to try something else. Either way, you're ahead of where you were before. So really just, you know, start going down to YouTube rabbit holes and find something to get into. Let's see who was right here. And just like I'm going to drive here, favorite Marvel character asks, mayste tasty 7611. Favorite Marvel character. Ironman's the first one that's really coming to mind. So I guess I probably have to pick Ironman. And that was, that's probably just because I watched a lot of those movies when I was younger too. But he's pretty cool. So I guess Ironman, have I watched a texture season one through four? I have. And I'm going to kind of extend your question. Have I watched the news seasons where like textures older and it's in the future? And like the texture origin? No. I have not dabbled. Because it's, that's funny. Some of these questions are exactly like what I was talking about in the car on the way here. It's like, you know, the show kind of served. It played it's course alright. You're beating the, you're not beating the dead horse, but you're kind of playing up the same thing. Sometimes I feel like shows can be overdone like that. You know, like if you've ever watched a texture, you would know. If you just watched, I think season one through four. And you skipped the finale. And that last episode, you could probably just end it there and be totally content. Sometimes dragon things out doesn't make it any better. But let's, let's keep scrolling around here. No, it's all 6667. Do you plan on doing any more vlogs and different types of content? Also, been here since day one. You can see my comment on your first video. It's a, you know, going to go ahead and screenshot that one. See if this guy's lying. But yeah, we're going to dabble. Going in next year, we're going to be dabbling into some new stuff. So just keep it. I have a little, a little different than the standard tripod lifts on the daily. But I'll keep those up. I've kind of been thinking like, okay, do I want to keep, should I keep making the daily workout videos? Should I make just like one week, should I back it off? And I wouldn't, like it wouldn't bother me. But a lot of you guys do like tuning in for the daily workouts. And it's not really too hard for me to bring you along with me. So I'm fine with it. And I'm sure I've probably developed a bit of a weird, like, parasocial me in the camera relationship where I get to really talk about my training a lot. I think it's kind of helped me because I get a lot of, like, putting thoughts into real words and like expressing like what I think about certain parts of my training. I really do think it's given me a lot of insight into how I can adjust my stuff. I mean, if you look at how I was working out even just a year ago, and then go back even further to like the first few months of videos, very different. So it's, I don't mind recording all the stuff. But yeah, well, we're going to dabble around a little bit. Let's see here. Why did you stop taking the Dextro Shakes X Juice 1070? I think those were a little crazy. Fifty hundred grams of sugar and 50 grams of protein straight to the dome. I think that might have been a little nuts. Now, bringing them back to like 25 grams, postwork out, just for, like, an instant sort of blood sugar, insulin spike. That's a little more legit. I was taking those a little bit too, a little bit too far. I was definitely stressing out my system. But that'll return just not as extreme. Rico slicer 126. Do you love me question mark? I'd say something, Rico. Well, you just met. You get a little early, get a little early for all that. Let's see here. We need a feats of strength video, or you just do NFL combat events, ask Salen and dial 837. Maybe we'll get that one day. We'll get to do some Sam stats. Not very soon, though. I would really feel like a champ if I hurt my knee or something doing something stupid right now, especially going into a dieting phase. We'll see if any athletic endeavors for a little bit later on down the line. I got so HL, what got you into lifting? So in high school, high school, middle school, high school, I was doing gymnastics. That was like a three hour day thing swinging around the bar, doing double backflips on the spring floor, that sort of stuff. And I was good, but I wasn't like college level good. I wasn't on that track. So I ended up quitting that in about the middle high school after my sophomore year. So we would work out a little. And sometimes we'd go to the weight room of the gym and like we do like regular strength training, like bench, dead lifts, like rows, things like that. So that kind of got me a little bit into it, but I'm not sure exactly. But what happened was once I quit doing that, I had now like a basically including the drive a four hour chunk of time after school, which is now empty. That wasn't doing that anymore. And that was four hours after school. And like five hours every Saturday in the morning, because it was like nine to noon or like nine to one with a 30 minute drive there, and a 30 minute drive back. So I had a big pocket of time, which I was being very physical, basically every day with, which is now gone. So the outlet of just Indiana Jones swapping that for the working out. Kind of just that out of being perfect. Apart from that, I can tell you exactly what got me so locked into it. I must have just liked it. That maybe do some more self-analysation to get any deeper than that. Sell C6191, how to gain more weight. And I tell you something, now you got a trick for that. Eat more food. Now it's a little more complicated. Do your weight training, add some cardio on the mix as well. But to eat more calories than your body burns every day. That gap of extra calorie intake, that will be stored as some kind of mass on your body. Now without weight training and like a stimulus and creating a need for your body to want to build more muscle with that extra energy. It's all right, it's going to get just put on a spare body fat. But when you eat enough food to over recover from weight-based training, you will begin to gain reasonably substantial amounts of muscle. So I'd say just starting looking up, you know, had a bulk for beginners. Some basic workout style, like splits. And then just go from there. The information is pretty digestible. Right now we're probably at the most, what's the word of thinking? That's engageable? Are the easiest, well, the most connected time that we've really ever been in. So you don't have to go to a library and bust out the Arnold and Cyclopidea body building. It probably wouldn't be a bad start though. Just start watching some freaking YouTube videos, man. Everybody here has definitely gone through the experience of watching a million athlete-x Tricep pushed down tutorials and everything else to learn like the basic justs of things. And before you know it, you'll be off on your own, do your own workouts, come up with your own stuff, make in your own gains and... ...for getting... ...skeys the limit. But it's definitely going to start with an increased calorie intake in terms of gaining weight. Highman shoe, underscore 72. Sam, can you please say hi to me? Hey there. Let's get a couple more here. He's questioning if I hit the gym and did my cardio. And yes, yes I did, Mr. Wiskers asks, I guess, says stallion for Nando. And that's interesting. I don't know about this Mr. Wiskers business. Let's get you. Mundy 3PSX, what's your end-game goal with bodybuilding? Well, hypothetically, I want to continue to get bigger and more muscular for a while. And then once I've reached a point where I'm like, alright, this is big enough. I probably just want to stay there pretty lean for a while. And then eventually taper down, get a little bit more light athletic kind of build. And then just keep working out. That's kind of the plan there. Kind of not the most extravagant, but that's sort of the path I want to go down. Like, there's no infinite rate of gains. I'm never going to be 400 pounds lean. There is kind of an end goal. And I think I'm definitely closer to the end than I was to the beginning, so in terms of my overarching bodybuilding style goals, I'm definitely on track towards what I want to see. But it's just a time thing. I'll keep you updated for sure. Let's see. What do you do? Have ever been fitness member of the month asked, silice.1860? No. No, never. That'd be funny though. Fitness member. What do you have to do to be fitness member the month? What do you think is that kind of criteria? That's making me curious. Let's get a couple more down here. Average guy 6242 asks, what's your back damage prevention plan? Well, I don't really do any insanely heavy deadlifts. And even when I do RDLs and I round my back, I'm not lifting and insane amount of weight. Like, I don't feel like I'm putting my back in any kind of potentially damaging position. Even though it might not look like awesome, it's a little bit around this from a movement like that. It really doesn't shoot off any worrying signs in my mind. But also with any heavy squat and any loading based shoulder press, and by shoulder press, I mean weight loaded onto my back and my shoulders. Make sure I get a big breath, keep my back straight. And apart from that, not much. I never really, the best, I mean, obviously the best trick is just don't do anything that would get you hurt. But apart from that, if you're dealing with any kind of like PT style stuff, I would definitely look into a reverse hyper. That's all I, a reverse hyper and inversion table. That is basically all I ever hear with only solid results, at least when used consistently for any kind of back problems. Let's keep going. Let's give it a few more. Okay, this is the last one. Him and shoes, this guy already asked one. Well, I already said it. How's your gang is con fight prep going? I'm not sure if you're going to do that. I'm not sure if you're going to do that. I'm not sure if you're going to do that. Well, I already said it. How's your gang is con fight prep going? Who leaked that? When did that get leaked? Because I swear I've not said anything about that gang is con fight. I guess the bag is out. It's going quite well. I'm feeling pretty spray about it. All right. Now let's find the, let's find the one last one here. Cat name asks Jesse 3621. Well, there's a couple now. So, on my parent's house, I've got, why did I just forget anything? Oliver, who I got him as a kitten from some of them. My mom worked with. And he's kind of half inside half outside. You know, sometimes we don't see him for a couple of days because he runs off on his own. But he always shows back up. He's tough. He's definitely tough on he can handle himself. Even just picking him up, he can tell. He's not just a lap cat. Like this is a predator. Like he'll come back with spoils from his hunts. They get left at our back porch. Not so much now. I've very, all those little critters are kind of in hibernation. But I can guarantee this spring is going to be a blood bath on my parent's back porch. And then I've got three of my apartment. Rocky, the black one, who is like, he looks like a damn thoroughbred show cat. When I adopted him, he was real kind of skinny, like very kind of thin. His coat wasn't as full. Because he was a band in stress. So he was a little on the scrappy side. But I could see the beauty within. So once he started again, three tins of wet food a day. He X. I'm going to try to remember to add like a before and after picture of him. Because unrecognizable once he got an extra four pounds of beef on him. Plus a full fluffy coat. Yeah, he is awesome looking. And his tail is like as long as his body too. He's the best kind of a luth though. He just walks around. This is something. And then his real, the white one. He's got like two brown spots on him. He's a little more cutley. He's a little bit more of a shatter. But he's great nice. And then the most recent one is Rascal. He's another. He's not a stray. Now he was a. He was a. What do you call it? What do you call it when someone gives up their cat to a shelter? But either way, he's still adjusting. He's he's buddies with the other two like they'll sleep together and everything. But he still though he doesn't want to be picked up and held yet. He doesn't mind getting pet but he's not. He's not ready to get picked up and held. That'll that might take a little while. But I think that pretty much clears it up. So I'll get some more of these kind of Q and A's going. But if you were, so I'll just delete this post now. I don't want to leave it up if nobody else is, if nobody else's comments are going to get answered. But either way, I think that kind of. Kind of clears up some of those questions if any of those were ones that you were waiting to hear from. So I'm going to go home. Get some sleep. Actually, no, I'm not going to get some sleep yet. I get to put that beef away. Go home, put that beef away. Have a bowl. Then get some sleep. So I guess I'll just see you for what I hope to be a freaky arm pump tomorrow.