It's officially winter. It's gotta be. It's fucking December 1st. So honestly, I should have been a little smarter called the video. Because all these videos are on a one day delay. I should have titled the one I posted today the first day of lift-less. Even though technically it's today because today's the first. But anyway, the first day of lift-less. I'm not going to be hitting some chest. Some chest with a touch of shoulders. Just for kicks. Just for fucking kicks. And the reason I say that is my shoulders are overdeveloped. You know, like when I have an arm pump and I do like a back-to-l-by-shot. When my arms are a little extra bigger than normal, then it's like okay, we're working with some work-a-cooking fire here. But in a lot of other, like side-chairs, anything. A little bit delt dominant. So, you know, for that reason I just don't do much much. But they do need some activation every now and again. For probably too full, right? Just to get a moving. But also, I'm just like I'm going to shoulder pump every so often. So probably the last couple sets of chest. All, uh, all superset them. And not like a legit superset. I mean just kind of in-between sets of flies. I might just do four, uh, four or something. That's a lateral raises. Not the hardest thing in the world. But, uh, a little boring for some, you know. The shoulders, um, shoulders gets a lot of hate. Shoulders and arms, I feel, for the same reason. Because it's always like, oh, one of my supposed to do. Just eight sets of side lateral raises. What am I supposed to do? Just eight sets of curls? I mean, I don't see it like a ton or anything. But that is the argument, you know, hype it up like doing back or chest or something instead. Even legs. Because these guys are like, oh, well, what am I supposed to do? Just sit in one spot with the 30 pound dumbbells. And just do sets a lot of raises back to back to back with that really. Change anything up. It's like, I mean, yeah, man. Kinda, you know. And I see that as a positive. So all that means for me is, all right, it's window. Methodist shoulders. I don't have to move on to different kind of machines or anything else. I can set up camp, you know, pop a squat on a bench or a little seat or something. And then, just go nuts, right? So I see that as a simpler being better, not simpler being boring. But with just, I know I want to start with a reasonably heavy press. I've been doing a lot of incline smith or barbell. So I think that might be off the table. And I might want to swap it with like a plate loaded flat press or Pensually a hammer strength press. I'll just have to see. I'll just have to see when I get in there. But after that, I kind of get free range. I'll move on to some kind of fly some kind of cable press perhaps kind of a superset between the two. And then, without a pro-chman, just always leased me with a pump chest. So there's a certain skeleton of a workout plan that I have. But the actual details and like the, you know, the order of everything. It can fluctuate based on the day. And for me, at least that works really well. Because it makes me excited. Because I know that every workout isn't the exact same workout I just did. You know, it's not giving me like, day job, ooh, like, oh, I just did this chest day. Last chest day. Okay. You know, we're like some shit like that. So I also think that lets you accommodate for any, you know, particular ins and outs of how you might be feeling on the day. Because if you, if you just stick to a random, and not random, but a set routine without much variability, then I feel like what can happen is you can actually, like, put yourself in a position to, I mean, even get hurt. Because if I roll in and I'm doing lateral, uh, or I'm doing like, rotate a couple of warmups. I could tell my right shoulder is a little, uh, it's a little funky, it's a little, and something's awful. Like nothing, nothing jarring, but like I could feel something's off. Maybe that's a good indication or I shouldn't try to do, you know, three plates or access on the incline barbell, or this or that or whatever. You know, like there's a lot of little warning signs that you can feel for and kind of just have a sense for in your warming up phase, where that's what I want to have complete before I decide to say, okay, what should I do next? Because if you don't, I mean, they feel like you're just going in blind. And of course, that's a bit easier for me to say, because I mean, by now I've done almost like 2,000 lifts. So split between body parts. That's like 500 or so chest days, probably actually maybe a little more. But, you know, I've done them that many times. I've got a bit of a feel for like, okay, if I do this and then this and then here and, you know, I know this is going to add up to a workout that's going to feel good for me. If it's easy to pump up, you know, that's kind of what I'm aiming for, right? If it's easy to pump up. So after, you know, having be able to look back on that bank of experience, I think I'm getting a little smarter, or I can say, okay, maybe 4 plates Smith machine isn't a good idea right now. Maybe I should maybe I should go in the lighter, or maybe I should do just some cable presses today, make it a bit more squeeze focus. Like some guys do like a heavy quad day versus a light one, you know, maybe they do heavy leg press, Smith, Swat, whatever, and then they counter that by doing more squeezing stuff. The next leg day, just so they don't kind of start to a crew stress like in your hips or knees and everything else. So all that's to say is just have a good try to develop a bit of a lift or sense for whenever anything is a little bit off-kilter. And not only that, but if something is like if you're patch the point of like, okay, I'm hurt. Don't do the same shit that just hurt you before, or like if you're if your forums on fire right in the pity or elbow when you do like really heavy curls. That's a pretty clear indicator of a, you know, of sensory response, maybe don't do those curls anymore, you know, maybe do something a little lighter. Just get the area warm while you sort of recover it. And I know it obviously sounds simple here in the third person, right, but I've seen guys where every lifts to my shoulders like really screwed. I get, I can't even bench and I'm watching the guy say that as he's batching, you know, it's just doesn't compute sometimes, but either way, five, 25. It feels like it's freaking eight o'clock based on how dark it's getting. So I'd say within, before the top of the next hour, we're going to do in a freaky pose down, preferably, or at least hopefully with some veins creeping across my chest. And then I'll say, uh, I'll probably end up saying some shit like holy crap. Whoa, you know, it is something silly like that. But I think there's nothing else to discuss. This just makes this chest slash shoulder day happen, pose down and come home. I, uh, I've only eaten one meal today. It was like a late, actually more like just like a late lunch, and then I took it now. So, I mean, I've been up for a while, but I did, uh, yeah. So, we're in a little lower food-wise, but that's kind of the whole point of the diet, so that's good with me. All right, the fact that I've got 1,800 or 1,700 calories left to eat after this workout. All that means is I get to go to bed with a full stomach. So that's, uh, honestly, that's pretty much a W every time, or at least every day that I'm dieting. Because going to bed with going to bed hungry, ah, just sucks. Plus, but likely, how you're going to get up, find the randomest snack you've ever found in your club, in your, uh, like in your cupboard that you've never even thought of eating before and say, to yourself. I don't know if I'm kind of hungry, you know, maybe I should just eat some, some, whatever. Maybe it's, uh, try not to try to save some calories before bed just to hold you off and see you fall asleep. But yeah, no more chat and let's get started. I'll be honest with you. I don't think this is, because there's a ton of different hamster-string chest presses, and this one's good, but my favorite. And then this isn't like a grading scale, which one's better, just like my preference, but they've got like a really incline one. I guess this is the other version of their flat press, and I got more of a decline. Usually the flat presses my favorite, but this one's just something about it, not perfect, but for what I get available, this will do the trick just right. So three plates into 25, which like, it is heavy, but I don't feel like I'm going to hurt myself. Like the three, three filler reps, the three plates felt very doable. So I mean, I can see this being a 15 reps set. But one thing with a lot of these machines is I'm going to put these plastic clips that spacers, because if I don't, I feel like I'm going to hurt myself. Because I'm like, I'm going to get a stretch, but I don't start at that starting position. I feel like I'm just asking the trouble. That's like putting somebody onto a, a cambered bench bar, where they get an extra two inches range of motion. I don't know where. I can, well, a freaky, but by adding these two spacers, and as soon as I lift off the fall of the ground, and then I can get into it. But, you know, I think left me to do this pick a good song and go nuts. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, oh my god. Three plates of the 25 was too much. Let's lose the 25. But it really gets started though. One thing I like about the chest presses specifically, much more cost and tension. I'm going to work the whole time. But that's kind of a get out. Let's do the next one. I was just going to do that. Let's groove. Kind of old school. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh, good. That was a good starting machine. But I think I've got my, you said of it. Let's move on. I got a little faster pace because I'm dying now. It's not like I need five minutes. It's like really tips to the damage that my sets do in a bulked up state when I've got extra energy. Extra fucking like glycogen, extra everything. I can really swing and fucking heavy hammer. But dying down. I'm going to get more of like a, like a nail hammer, right? So I can swing and start as I want. It's just not doing as much damage. You know, like fully carved up and bolt. I mean, this would be like 25 reps. But it's not about the numbers. It's about the subjective intensity. No matter where you're at. So if you wake up week one day, the musician, man, failure is still failure, whether you're doing three plates or one. But let's move on to something else. Maybe, uh, well, I guess we'll find out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm surprised I can even rip out three plates after those sets of chest press. So I'd say the heavy portion of this lift is complete. So I want to totally contradict it with this set. 35 pound flies, which very doable at this point. But kind of a high angle. And then I'll just go back to the shoulders back here and keep my palms up. Because whenever I do any kind of fly or even chest press with cables, once you start pushing like this, especially for me, I'm already prone to hunch. As soon as I got my hands over here, front delts pump to help. So keep my palms up. Help to keep my front delts out of it because it almost like rounds them out of the way. So it's more chest. So to do these, maybe a superset afterward, or close to done more than halfway for sure. I mean, four crazy sets of pressing done. That's about right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Let me make some adjustments. I think I got a lower heat scapula for the next one. Another set of flies. But this one is going to be a bit more pump focus. And what I mean by that is of course, that ass value through a slow controlled set. But you don't need great. Don't neglect. I don't know what words I'll try to combine there. But I think there is still a value of doing some pump out reps like quicker faster pace. Just constant tension the whole way through. Not even crazy slow. And I mean, I can't explain the myel fibular process, which makes my chest inflate with more blood than normal. But I can say this, my chest is going to be more pumped after this set than if I were to do something else. So 35 is again the same weight. And nothing crazy still pumps up. But instead of taking a few steps forward, I want to say right in the middle and bend over. It sort of gives a similar effect. But now I don't have to worry about back and forth balance. All you got to do is worry about. Keep my shoulders out of it and go nuts. Oh, I think that's good. And I think I lied about the shoulders. Wow. Yeah. Let's go search. Let's just go straight to the pose down space. Alright. So that was two sets of chest press. Two sets of incline. Two sets of gables. Six hard sets. All done pretty quickly. I said some shit in the car before. Yeah. I think I said before seven, I'd be fully pumped. It's 630. So obviously not the longest workout in the fucking world. But it just doesn't have to be. And that's. That's not a blanket statement. Don't forget the fact that right now I'm simply trying to like stimulate my chest as much as I can. But there's no point really in me trying to overdo it because I'll simply end up stressing my system out from overwork. And it'll just like totally throw up my whole time frame of getting lean or anything else. So I want to get to a point where I'm fully pumped. I'm fully fatigued. I've done some stimulating work. But not exceed into overreaching too many sets. Like physically. If I were to do three more sets today, it would do me no good. It might not do me that much bad. If anything, maybe it would be good because I've burned more calories for the day. But for the most part, dieting especially. I want to do as much as I need. Post down and be done. Your home needs something. And that last portion that same is extra legit today. I got a lot of food eat still. Which is a nice feeling considering I am in a fucking deficit. But no more. No more chat in there. I'm just going to get ready to get the car. So. Oh, we can't. Yeah. So the leaner I get. Obviously the trimmer my waist becomes. And then I mean even just standing no pose no nothing. I feel like a total fucking freak show. Which I guess should be the point by now, right? But still. Maybe it's just something I don't have. But it never ceases to fucking give me some feel. Give me some feel. Goods in my mind. To see myself pumped up in the mirror. But let's, let's run through some shit. Oh my gosh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh. Oh, oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, oh, oh. Oh. Oh, oh, oh. Oh. I can hold these poses after I fall on chest A is getting tricky but as I'm sure it's coming off. Very goorainee getting much ges die. As freaky is this may look, now. But oh my gosh Yeah, we're definitely getting somewhere with this fucking side profile. This was uh This was the coolest shit ever for me. It's obviously or maybe not obviously, but I'm a huge a Bucky fan Like I was watching the uh the 90s show Bucky or the 90s version when I started working out like that was an awesome source of hype for me So the first time I can see myself do like Like a side profile like this and it's just like that one frame That really got me fucking going, but let's uh, let's see if I can reach around and do a side choice Which with a full chest pump it's harsh me to pull my fucking shoulders back that far I A lot of the uh a lot of the bodybuilder characters that always tell me I want my like this shoulder up Which I'm not saying they're wrong or anything, but I kind of like the freak factor like the full on sideways looking Oh goodness, but either way feeling quite fucking freaky And I just don't even want to leave I want this pump to last fucking forever But the fact that it doesn't is what really gives it a true value Oh, yes, all right Enough pump checking I Yeah, this is I mean this is just crazy cool for me. I don't and it's hard to translate because obviously I'm like 240 No, like 238 239 right now But even at 170 look at myself pumped up like just going back and remembering like my sort of level of satisfaction of like looking at myself with a pump back then versus right now It's really not that much different because You know it's like how Getting something is usually less enjoyable than chasing it. I I'm trying to think of an example, but like whatever, you know like something that you used to think was like oh once I have this I'll be crazy happy and then you get it and it just doesn't work it's like You know you get spoiled over time, but with the pumps It doesn't matter if you've been working after two months or two fucking decades Every time you get a pump and you look at yourself extra-freaky extra-vani or even an A bolt's context just a little bit extra big and like defined That's just cool man and it's simply a boost from your baseline That's what gives you it's satisfaction So whether you're walking around at two 80 lean like an absolute freak or at 180 on a irregular character Dude the feeling of satisfaction of raising yourself from that baseline at least in a post-down context and This might only have to do with You know anybody who's got the fucking Jim bug and they're nuts about it, but honestly I mean everybody watch the original spider-man and use when we saw Toeim Aguire a little extra beefy in the mirror. You don't think everybody was like man That would be cool that would be cool to wake up jacked right? I mean if you could press a button everybody would do it But when you put it in the reality it's okay You know workout for this many years do all this cardio do this diet, you know don't eat pure just regular food the taste good all the time Makes people take your step back, but You know now I'm just getting into random ass rambles. Let's get in the car This was a fucking awesome night All right, so this is not actually immediately post lift I had a little bit of a pit stop There was a need a little bit of a pit stop before the car and that was just 10 quick little minutes on the seated bike difficulty level nine RPM 85 or something which when that all adds up together that puts me at about a hundred calories a minute the Machine said I'd burned and oh holy shit a hundred a minute would be insane No ten calories a minute so that put me at a I was at probably actually pedaling a little faster So that put me at about 114 calories in those ten minutes that's what the machine said and I mean they I'm sure they're based on some kind of metric actually if you if anybody is aware of exactly How they're calculating that I'd be kind of curious to a to read that comment because I mean It's That value is not gonna be the same for everybody because everyone has different levels of efficiency You know and what I mean by that is like if you take somebody who's a serious Marathon Would you say marathon cyclist or would you just say competitive cyclist? Well, either way that guy Is much more efficient at his cardio than I would be you know so for us to both pedal at Let's say Well, they're same difficulty level nine 80 80 RPM for 10 minutes Both of the machines are gonna read the same amount of calories But his heart rate is gonna be much lower than mine You know for him that he might even just stay at 80 and barely even get raised above I mean get get raised above baseline a little but he's just more efficient, you know whereas I'm gonna be up at like 120 130 like I'm That's what you're really aiming for so it's a it's not necessarily aiming for like a specific number It's just making sure that your heart rate is elevated to a certain zone for a period of time And it doesn't have to only be from sitting around doing cardio, you know if you've got a crew Where every lift at like five o'clock, you know, they're playing basketball for an hour That is cardio that is fucking legit, you know and if you've got like a little techie Like Apple Watch or some kind of heart rate monitor and you can look back and say oh shit for the past 45 minutes of playing basketball my heart rate was 120 on average, you know maybe it spiked up a little when you're really going for it and if you You know if you back off and defense maybe it gets a little bit lower but if the average is elevated Dude, you just did some cardio you're good and it really just adds up throughout the day so I You know I added a little extra 10 minutes post lift Which not that hard, you know 10 minutes post cardio you guys have no excuse and I'm not saying you specifically I just mean in general like 10 minutes on the cardio bike post workout as like a little bit of a Dip your toes into what cardio is like Dude, not the trickiest thing in the world and then just work your way up from there You know of course I'm gonna be saying do your 30 minutes of cardio every morning on its own like having it be a tone of vent Underrelated to the lift so you can really optimize that lifting portion but yeah, just easing into it, you know Let's say you just finish arms You're not totally dead. You're not totally fatigued like I'm gonna go Yeah, it's just arms man, you know even if you went extra hard your whole system is not so stressed after like a leg there Something you have some energy left in the tank and before you know that 10 minutes is gonna turn into 15 And then maybe you're feeling extra excited to watch and like some hype tick talk at it's I mean I'll get into that pretty seriously where not even watching a video or anything I'm just scrolling through some of my saved shit that gets me up it up and like I'll be I'll be like don't heart in the cardio I'll up it to um Up the difficulty a little bit for a couple minutes and like really if I can get into it You know because it's not a and that really helps for me because then you're not treating like a chore you're treating it like like an activity I mean why do you think all the cycling classes or Like the pellets on classes and stuff they're trying to get you excited about they're trying to like turn it Like maybe that game of five but like make it make it an exciting thing because it's more fun to do it that way, you know like get If you can get into it it's I mean it'll it just makes sense you go harder So whatever Whatever gets you known I say go for but that's one benefit of The phone right and just like scrolling social media style stuff Or like watching all sorts of YouTube videos or catching up on your shows if you get 30 minutes of cardio Then I mean I don't I don't feel bad plan on my phone for a half hour straight if I'm on the cardio bike Because I'm like dude. I just got to pass the time anyway, right? You know scroll away so That's why that's why you're not gonna catch me do the stair master too often or like The treadmill Like I I know a lot of guys love the incline walk But I want my hands free, you know I want to sit here and Fill around and before I know it that 30 minutes is over like I don't even think about it I if I'm feeling really crazy sometimes I'll do an hour But not not on a regular basis and hour every day I'm not that level of I'm not at that level of dieting yet I think it's gonna happen I mean today was a 45 minutes total 35 in the morning 10 post workout But yeah, so what I'm trying to do is just increase my overall energy output like that And then simultaneously Decrease my calories as necessary because those are the two opposing forces Which will either put you in calorie A calorie surplus calorie maintenance or calorie deficit Bolking maintaining or Dining down getting leader Right, I can lose any fat if you're bulking up and Do not I don't like when people talk about well When I when I first started working out at gain five times a muscle and they got leaner at the same time That is true That is for sure, obviously There's somebody recomp Value as a beginner because you've never trained before like you're Really getting a new stimulus But I'm talking like once you've been lifting year year and a half you're legit like you've sort of got those new begins down Which are I feel like sometimes people say new begins like kind of arbitrarily But it seriously is just a phenomenon if you take somebody and you change nothing about their diet You change nothing about their sleeper Hydration or anything and you just add weight training five days a week Not even like crazy way training we just like some basic shit or if you take a weight training class in high school or some shit like that not to Feel like it is such shit 10 times enough in a freaking row But purely adding Weight based training like that you're gonna see gains as a beginner that's enough to put you past the The threshold of No results into results but over time That threshold increases and now instead of Seeing some progress with just five workouts a week reasonable intensity, you know, just getting into it Breaking a bit of a sweat It's hard to do so that's where I think that the calorie side of things the dieting side of things is like It's like cheat coats. I mean it seriously is you know if you take somebody who knows anything about uh I mean it's like having a having your maintenance matchups do and if you know all the tricks and you know all the moves and everything else It's so much easier right so If you if you're the guy where you're like oh man, you know Which I could get a little bit leaner and which I could Man, but it's you know the actual like Action step of what you should do to start to approach that goal is a little bit arbitrary Fuck man cardio bike Macro tracker Those are some pretty damn powerful tools if you utilize correctly and they're so unassuming, you know it's not It's not so flashy It's simply a question of doing doing this stuff on the regular and before you know it well Never seen latstriations before Never seen that vein before never seen you know it's but The tricky part is it just takes a long time and depending on the guy I mean if you take uh If you take a beginner dude and hundred sixty pounds He starts working out He gains 20 pounds a muscle over the course like three years or 15 or however many like he goes from more of it Just regular looking dude to like this guy lifts Which it doesn't take that much you don't have to be 230 lean to look like you work out I mean when I look back at the pictures when I was 180 lean Yeah, man, I like fun cool. I wasn't as big but that's not like a negative and I was just at that love You know so there's a you don't have to be a freaking 260 pound But don't don't don't think I'm trying to say that But Oh, that was a better say But you know when I hear that That's not so impressive to me and I'm not trying to like take away from it Anybody's gains but what really gets me going is when I hear the stories or I run into somebody of the gym and they show me some before and after pictures Where like they used to be a hundred pounds overweight And over the course of like I mean they always like a year year and a half They're down to like a 15% body fat That's what really gets me excited because these guys as a beginner I mean like he being introduced into weights Now they did have that extra difficulty you have to have an idea with that fat loss in the beginning which I mean I think nine times out of ten not even the dudes fault especially if you're younger that's uh that's really wrong I'm gonna put a lot of blame on the You know any of you guys who are parents Right trying to try to it's a feed your kids too much junk Because it does add up and Man in the future You're giving them a problem to solve later really I mean it really sucks So it's I'm never gonna look at somebody who's overweight and think man what do Sometimes that you can't even fucking troll it man you know you just get a you just draw some bad cards But the guys who show me those sort of progress pictures those journeys like my My eyes light up Because they know They know about the cardio they know about the calories they get it they've done it they've seen it happen And until you've really gone through that and made like Significant body recomp changes by way of you know extra cardio calorie restriction like and simply just having Gone through the process of like Straight up half in the mental toughness of okay I'm hungry But if I overeat that's not conducive with my goals all right I can I can handle I can handle this Like that's what's most impressive to me because those guys Usually are the ones where they go the first and they work out the longest they stain Reason will shape for the longest that I kind of and half of this is me just kind of guest-imating But from what I've seen that's kind of what I've what I've got the gist of because for them to get into fitness The barrier to entry was much higher So If you overcome a hard to challenge you're gonna be tougher at the end of it So I mean a lot of the times that's what gets me fucking excited because anybody can start working out But to really get a good grasp of like You know I'll say the same shit every time I'm like okay, so you know about the calorie track you're actually doing your cardio God damn right because it's the only way to do it Right and I'm not saying it's easy but that's what gives it its value the fact that it's hard and you can look back and say holy crap I lost 50 fucking pounds this year like that isn't saying I'd say that's cooler than saying I gained five pounds of muscle this year Just because it's got more It's just got like a fucking cool as factor to it, you know, so that's where That's where you get a whole strong right when it takes a year two years or However long those results are there waiting for you If you can get all these sort of things in place. I mean that's why I'm never gonna stop talking about the calories and the cardio and the like getting a good Sort of sense of just you know how the food that you're eating is gonna react So that's how too live is kind of flash and over in the field or something distract me But you get back to what I say and like If you can get a good grasp of really how this food that you're eating affects your end result Lifting wise performance wise just overall like feeling wise like I feel pretty good right now Just subjectively like my end state is not me walking around at like two 90 bolts like I'm gonna be a leaner baseline state not really pounding down food Just feel better you know I sleep well. I feel a pretty decent amount of energy I'm much more flexible like I'm I'm certainly in the realm of like being Reasonally muscle bound but when I'm dieting down and I'm not so like full of carbs and just like Like I feel like if I like when I get a I'm sure on some of these leg pumps Into this next bolt and face like I'm probably gonna get a new stretch mark somewhere like It like a day it'll happen and won't just accrue slowly like oh that was a crazy leg pump Oh shit that's a fresh one really outside of a quad like that's you know, but that's not forever Going to get to point where I got This is about as big as I want to be let's stay here for a while. Let's stay here and let's stay here and just kind of Enjoy the being right but Clean is freaking us stretch but yeah, so you know it It's just nice so all that's to say do your cardio Think about oh yeah, I'm not I'm not done yet. I lost my train of thought, but I found it So that's where I'm I'm never gonna stop talking about that because it's such a powerful fucking tool If you take a guy who's worked that for two years He's got a good grasp of working out he knows uh, I mean, I was I'm soon he's really you know trying to learn about it But he knows all sorts of curls he does good workouts. He pushes himself hard. He doesn't go easy Like he's an experienced lifter To take that guy where he's like you know he just kind of eats whatever He might get a he might do a protein shake every now and again, but apart from that He's not really leveraging the diet to you know target whatever goals he's really aiming for And not everybody has to there is definitely a draw to not worrying about your diet at all because working out versus not working out Is already a massive boost You know not everybody wants to be dealing with counting calories all the time But I'd be I mean I feel like I'd just be holding back information if I didn't really say Like dude If you can get a good grasp of these of your calorie intake Carb's fats proteins meal timing like how to maybe you're trying to diet down you want to leverage more meals later in the day So that it's easier to stay in a deficit like Dining but it doesn't have to be torture like you can make it easier on yourself It takes a while to get there because like anything you gotta learn about it You know it's gonna take some Basic just skill acquisition and practice But once you've got reasonably or a reasonably good grasp on it I promise things that used to feel like a crazy plateau like this bench number or these this body weight or this level of leanness Those things will I promise Expand Beyond like what you thought you'd be able to do before it's just that powerful you know So you know we're gonna hear me You know you're never gonna hear me shut up about the cardio over the or the diet like I mean obviously go hard That's what separates Some guys versus even some others but that's all you gotta say there I am very fucking hungry. I'm gonna I don't know what I'm gonna slam I got about a pound of ground beef left I might do some My do some deep constructed burger So that's where I take uh I'm doing like a pound of ground beef Catch up low sugar mustard mayo Relish gonna make the whole thing up And it's like you know getting burger esc no carbs but it's uh yeah I mean that that's the kind of shit you start to get into but I'll get into some more dieting stuff soon enough I get it uh I'll add um I'll try to record a couple of those and make like a little Dating Cooking series. I might just do I'll probably just do one long video with like Four or five different little meal recipes that I like doing like the ground beef balls love them Some peanut butter or some powdered peanut butter stuff with some low-court low-carb tortillas With like sugar free maple syrup like I got a couple tricks here but I'll uh I'll try to put it into something soon enough So play for tomorrow slam back Yeah, I think I'll add some calves to have haven't really been smack and calves around too hard and then Come back all meet something go to sleep and repeat that's kind of gonna be the plan for the next couple of months Actually, well, go home eating sleep as a plan forever But in a dieting phase just the next couple of months So that's all I got I'll see you for back tomorrow