I think I might have lied. I am not a huge fan of the cold. This is good to be a little bit too much. I usually am one to say I am a little bit more indiscriminate with the weather. But one freaking degree, zero actually no. This is negative degrees. Celsius, I don't really know the exact number. But yeah, this is too much. This is a little bit too freaking cold. I think I draw the line where I am going to have to start wearing two jackets and two layers of pants minimum before not even a walkin' outside but just getting into the freaking car. Oh my goodness. But within the next 15 minutes but it's time to get to the gym. I will have warmed up. The heaters will have done their jobs and I will have again to drink the pre. And some kind of caffeine, amplification, hype and really just freaking concentrated pumpability improved so by the time I actually get there I will be perfectly warm for this chest day. Which I wanted to be first. Usually I am one to say cardio in the morning, lift in the evening. But dieting down I am certainly a little bit of a lift first and then cardio in the right now I have still got a post lift cardio. Like after this chest day is done I will do my 30 on the seated bike but that is not really too tricky. Honestly the cardio post workout feels easier than the cardio on its own. Oh, look at this. Because it is like I have already built up some momentum of having already broken the sweat. It will pre workout. It just feels like a matter of course that pop a squat on the bike and have a little bit of cardio activity. But in terms of what this chest day is going to look like, nothing wild, cable work, a lot of squeezing, a lot of very controlled, methodically executed reps. Since there is definitely something to kind of a faster pace just straight up hard set heavy weights to failure really leveraging the amount of tension that your chest is feeling. But right now it is not what I am aiming for. I need a few things out of this chest. I need a pump. I need a reasonable amount of weight exposure. Like I don't need to bench 4 plates on Smith. My 3 is definitely my limit right now in terms of his heavies I could probably go as well as not pushing myself into the danger zone of pulling anything which if I trained in more of a powerlifting manner I would have a different take. Like obviously if somebody does wonder if max is all the time they are used to it. That is kind of the training style that they are used to. It is when you are doing more bodybuilding weight based workouts of the regular and then out of nowhere you go for that 1 grip max and you hurt yourself not going for a good. So that is part of the reason why you are never going to see a same solic 1 grip max out squat bench deadlift. For one it doesn't give me any gains and also the risk to reward ratio is simply not in my favor you know what I am saying. So that is where I am under the impression there. I am of the opinion that the 10 rep max should be given much more respect than height because going for 10 rep weight max is pretty much perfect. Is you break new ground. You do something you have never done before. You have the gentlemanly hidden a new personal record and that set is stimulated towards giving you more goals in the future. Like anytime anybody ever goes for a wonder of max of bench it is just not really like you don't get anything out of it. It is simply a test of where you are out of that current moment. Whereas trying to do a weight you have never done before for those 10 reps let's say even if you hit 9 and you are not fucking okay no way. That is still a good set that is going to be gains and do some. I mean doing one rep max is apart from the like the central nervous system training of exerting your system that hard you don't really get much out of it. I mean most of the strength that even the power of the sugar is building. It is not from their one rep max outs like a 95 or like a 100% full on max day. It is from all the slightly higher volume work the 5x5 or the 3x3 is the 532 or whatever. That is what I am more interested in. It is cool as it is looking at myself all extra lean now. I guess you could say the leanness is almost like the competition side of things about building as a one rep max would be for a power lifter. It is cool as it is now. This is a new ground. I have always been this big. I am not breaking into any new muscular range of realms. I have already built this muscle up all I am doing is simply revealing it. It is not like just looking at the end results shouldn't get you as excited I feel as how excited you should be about what actually gets you towards that end or so. What I am trying to get out and kind of around about way here is as crazy as a big set is if you can get amped up by really pushing it on regular volume based work. Every time you have a crazy working set that gets you excited. That is a much better situation to be in because then you are getting all these dopamine releases and hype kind of adrenaline. From what is actually going to give you the results that you want. As much hype as you know whatever is the risk to actually craft you to get an adventure PR. It is like what did you really do? You showed how much you could do this current moment but it is not really working up towards anything over time. That is kind of my thought process on the manner. So I don't mind if I end up doing 30 pound cable flies for a set of 20 because all I am aiming for is chest stimulation blood flow and a freaky, viny, grainy. Any other kind of weird around to that pump at the end of it. 30 minutes of cardio to finish before coming home for some kind of protein heavy lunch. I went classic this morning of having a hankering for just a buttered bagel. So at the cost of 40 grams of carbs, 10 grams of fats. Still weighting anything out of course. I get to go a little classic with breakfast rather than the eggs and salad cheese mix that have been doing. So not all meals have to look like that but anytime I break away into more kind of conventional just food usually it comes to the cost of all right that was a pretty decent hit towards my calorie count for the day. I gotta take that with no count. At least I got my bagel hankering out of my system. Now I can tell I'm just freaking rambling. How about I thought we just get in there and get this just a started? Let's start a little heftier. An exactness predicted three plates is the limit. Then keep that out of mind I'll smell criay from it. Yeah. Yeah. Probably just one more. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One more. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my gosh. Let's get some people working. Oh, crap. Three plates is not supposed to feel like that. Let's see some bent overflies. Not super slow. A little more brutish. And then probably either the next day or the one after. Well, look very different in terms of its execution. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One more just like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's fine. It's a good lighting. There we go. All the good lighting spots are taken by yoga classes. Don't think I'll get a freaking pose down. That's kidding. This is a cool spot in here too. But three sets of pretty heavy incline Smith. I'm kind of surprised I could even still throw that way around and have it feel so good. But surprised in a good way. Right. Didn't overdo it. I think that was just about the limit of good, hard, heavy stimulation without creeping into the range of potential injury. That is, that's the side of the spectrum. I want to stay as far as possible away from like as much as my goal is every lift. Go hard. Get a crazy pump. Equally valuable to those two if not maybe even more important. Don't hurt myself. Because that's just taken maybe not even two. I could say even upwards of like three steps back compared to tweaking your stuff or pulling something. Me and just sucks. And that's something which unfortunately I've had a learn from experience. But still learned either way. So let's see how we're looking at. This is with a reasonably empty stomach. Nothing like a real depleted completely like, well, I think I said another exact word, a perfect depleted. But. Holy crap. Even just sitting there holding the flex like that. It's making me lightheaded. All right. Well, chest pumped shoulders are even feeling pretty freaking angular. And this is with no shoulder pump whatsoever. Just the residual shoulder activation that comes with like doing pressing and flies. So. Honestly, that's probably the craziest part of this right here. Even with a chest pump. My shoulders are still kind of maybe not totally dominating, but they're definitely. They're definitely good with their ad. So as I get leaner and excited to see. I touch more shoulder striations, but even just the current state of things. I am feeling pretty good about that. Whoa, let me get one more of those. Oh, my God. All right. So for you, let's get in the car. But for me, I have got 30 minutes on. Not sure if I want to do the seated bike or the seated elliptical. I guess I'll tell you which one I picked. I think I forgot the scale of just how freaking cold it is right now. Didn't everybody. I didn't even realize it's freaking snowing and Florida as well. Oh, my goodness. So you guys know what I'm talking about. Yeah, being cold, not the most fun thing in the world. But that was good lift. I ended up doing the peddler kind of. It's like, I mean, really it's like the seated bike in the elliptical. Somehow had a mutated kind of bit of offspring, Xenomorph style, because you're seated. Like, I'm not standing on the elliptical like foot pads, but I'm still getting a little bit of like that paneling action. Either way, that's just, you know, me saying that I liked it. So 30 minutes there, I'll have another 30 on the seated bike later tonight, which I kind of, yeah, I sort of like this lift early and then cardio in the evening kind of approach. Because I'll get to the point where I'm kind of just like ready to do something, because I'm so used to the late night lifts anyway. So, I mean, by the time it's like five o'clock or six or so, I'm eating some food. I'm going to set it around a little bit. I'm kind of just going to have a little bit of an itch to get something going. So, plus I'm going to be playing on my phone anyway. The 30 minutes of cardio, not the trickiest thing in the freaking world. Let's say you're one. But it's too soon to really tell how I'm adjusting to back and off on the cardio a little bit. Because I think the two hours a day was a little much. So, I'll see over the course of the next few just how. Just how things change. But still getting steadily in leaner. I even just like laying down in bed. I can see way more quad veins just all over the place. And we're definitely on track to something which, you know, forget man. This is a freaking long game. You know, there is no kind of instant whatever. I, I want to be too repetitive. But one workout, one day of dieting, one day of locking in. It doesn't add up to much, right? It's really just a drop in the bucket. You know, but if you've ever dealt with a leak. Those drops add up and before you know it, dude. Your gym has a big ass nasty five kelom. Low's bucket of rain and whatever they came from the ceiling. And somebody's got to deal with it. Not me, of course. I was just the one lifted there. But I mean it happens, right? So, I see it today. I mean, it's, it's, I meant to ask this guy just because I was kind of curious. But, I don't know how to, I don't want to like invade space, whatever. But, if you go to the same gym for long enough, you see the same people. And if you're at least like a little receptive to your environment. These changes are noticeable. I mean, I've seen this same dude on the, I know the elliptical that he likes because he's on it all the time. He is substantially leaner than a couple of years ago. And I mean, like probably two-ish or three. Like the guy looks like he's down 60 pounds. Yeah, that's the only one that really kind of pops in the mind right now. But I don't even know the dude. You know, I, I see him come to the gym a lot. I never talk. And he has made some pretty substantial gains in terms of, I guess he can say, losses, right, and fat losses. And people notice that even if they're not right, and you'll be a bit of a circle or so. But it takes a while, you know. Everybody would love the end result of, Yeah, I wouldn't mind being 20 pounds a layer. Or I wouldn't mind getting, you know, usually people don't think of it like that and they'd say things like, I wish I could lose my love handles or I could feel you know, I could fit into a certain size jeans. Like I used to. Like that's usually kind of people's measurements of like fitness progress. But, you know, any version of that, which fits, you know, whoever sort of thought process everybody would hit that button, you know. If I could lose an extra 50 pounds instantly, me being like somebody who's got an extra 50 pounds of loose odds are, I'd say, I'd say, I'd say, I'd say, I'd say pretty dang close to 100% of people. At least up in the 90s are going to say, they, holy crap, a 180 again. Nice. But, you know, if you, if you add the terms and conditions into that equation and you say, I mean, you can lose a hundred pounds this year. And that's not unfathomable. That's definitely like you're locked in. But a hundred pounds in here has been done. I mean, I get to see a lot in all my, like I see a lot of tagged posts on Instagram, and guys show off pictures of their cardio and like, this was me last year. This is me this year. Like frankly, that's a lot more impressive to me than just like, you know, a couple of pounds of muscle gain. Because anybody can gain some muscle, you know. Just by adding working out to your routine, you're going to start to beef up a little bit. But there is no getting around blocking in if you're trying to get leaner. So what I'm, but what I was kind of getting that was a hundred pounds in a year. Dude, everybody would hit the button to say, I want to lose a hundred pounds right now. Boom, no strength attached. But as soon as you add those conditions of right, man, you can lose a hundred pounds. In the a hundred pounds leaner. All right, you can be back to a Spray 190, like you were back in 2004, or whatever. But you had to do 30 minutes of cardio every day. You got to watch your diet. You got to only eat so much food because you have to stay in the calorie deficit so that you burn off, you know, whatever percentage of body fat every day, which, hundred pounds, one year, that's about point. Point two something pounds per day. Let me only think about that. Hundred pounds. Three hundred sixty five days. Uh, sure, sure, sure. Don't see if I can try to figure this out. Well, either way, about a third-ish, maybe a little more of a pound per day of body fat. And, you know, you're not really going to see those results until a year from that. And you got to be locked in the whole time. Now, that's where reality kicks in. And, you know, the percentage change is going to drop from that hundred percent or 90 percent who would totally take it, no strength to touch. And as soon as you add those extra caveats of all right, you've actually got to do some shit to make that happen. Ooh, wow. Partio? Come on, man. I don't want to be sitting around sweating. That's freaking hard. And that's where the value comes, right? I mean, anything cool that anybody does ever usually has a pretty substantial amount of time and effort done on the back end before, you know, the cool part actually gets shown off. All right. There's nothing flashy about 30 minutes of cardio every day. Especially when you're tired, it's cold now. That being the car is freaking freezing. I'm fogging up the windows just by breathing. You know, the lifts at least are pretty hyped because you can get excited about it. You know, it's really going hard. I mean, there's like this just hyped to the working out of the cardio. And not the most fun thing ever. You know, the flash factors pretty low. It's kind of close to almost a chore level, at least, you know, on average. If I'm really getting into it, I got my music playing. If for whatever reason, I'm extra hyped. You know, I can pretty, I can be pretty amped up for my 30 minutes on the bike. Sometimes I'll do like some extra minutes of like higher intensity. If I've got a good song playing or something. But for the most part, it's, I'd say 90% of the time, the tricky part is really just sitting there doing, you know, which, I mean, yes, not the most fun thing in the world. I would never go on record and say that it is. Even less so is the dieting side of things. The calorie restriction. And usually it's not even just calorie restriction. I mean, it's treat restriction, man. Look, I think I'm definitely above average. On the sweet tooth meter compared to most as well. Right? So I get the challenge of having to back off. And you're really fighting your basic urges for the most part. I mean, you're hard-wired to say, Ooh, I like how that tastes, I better eat some of that. I mean, you're going against evolution by trying to tell your body, like, hey man, come on. No crumble that I do. No cadence, no crispy cream, no skittles. It's, I'm in thinking about the skittles a little bit. You know, that will be a nice treat for later. But like, yeah, that's even harder than the cardio I would say. Because it's all the time. You kind of have to be thinking about it pretty consistently to be able to like, you know, hold yourself back and they go, right? And it probably shouldn't have that today, you know? And if you're counting your calories, I mean, you can add treats and two, but then you got to pay for it. Because if you have a huge breakfast, and you want to, you know, you actually stay on track with not overreating for that day, then you get a back off for dinner, you know? Or if you have a huge dinner or whatever, or if you totally go off the rails, you just do a few days of a serious, like, just, you're eating anything in sight, then you're setting yourself back progress wise. So, you know, you got to really get back on track before you even start burning fat again. Like, there's a lot of downsides. And by downsides, I just mean costs. Effort before you get the actual valuable reward afterwards. But the fact that not a lot of people will really go through that effort is why it's cool when you make it happen. When somebody posts a picture that they lost a hundred pounds in a year, that is bad at. And there should be no angle in which you could take any value away from that. Because that shit was hard. And then you're getting around it. So, whether your goal is lose 30 pounds or 20 pounds or 10 pounds, or even just start counting your calories at all by doing so. And just try to remember, it's going to take a little while. But just because things take a little while doesn't mean you shouldn't go after. And if anything, that's going to be a little bit of a sort of fire on a knee to you to make you say, okay. This is going to take a while. The sooner I start the better, you know, the classic sort of phrase of like the best time to plan to tree would have been a hundred years ago. The second best time is right and freaking now. Because then you can at least kind of get ahead of the game on. But apart from that, you gotta just find a way to get yourself amped up. Like as much value as there is in me, you know, saying whatever, like get yourself in the zone. It's like, you know, you don't need a third person motivating force to get you going. Anything that anybody really does hard, they do it because they want to do it. So, get yourself in tune with what your goals are. And like, really just as simply as thinking, okay, what would be cool for me to do? Like this is, this is you talking now. Like, yeah, it would be pretty cool to get a 225 bench for 10. It would be pretty cool to actually see myself lean. I haven't really seen my abs for a while. It'd be cool if I could run a four-minute mile or just anything. Of course, if I'm talking about something, it's going to be fitness-related. But I mean, it could really just be anything. What do you think would be cool to do? And then how much time a day can you spend getting yourself closer to whatever that end of the goal is? And as long as you can work at it consistently, you know, sure, it might not feel like a lot. If you just scoop at a little bit of dirt at a time. But before you know it, as months pass as years passed, you had a big ass freaking hole, and then a big ass pilot dirt right next to you. You know, it's like, I'm talking prison break style. And a couple scratches of concrete off the wall with your little, you know, she-of-spoon day by day might not seem like a lot. But before you know it, you're freaking broken out. Freemand. Now, I'm really getting some random ass analogies there. But if you've gotten the hype from that, then that's what I made before. So my plan, go home. Cookin' oven steak probably, I think, well, I get the meat thermometer, so I'll just cook it until it hits 125 internal. At 400, it should take about 20, 25 minutes or so, ish. Probably closer to 25. Maybe some, yeah, I think I'll go for three packs of cauliflower broccoli on the side, just so I really have a good, like, volume of foods, so I feel full. And then you ready for cardio later? So, one day leaner, one more day under the books, or under the belt, I mean. So, oh, guys. And I'll see if there's a back-action tomorrow.