It's been a little less since I gave the critters an update. This is kind of a classic little 3P spot. Rocky, Rio, Rascal, little triple R. This is just lucky. That was his name already. They have no comprehension. They've got no idea what a back pump is or what lifting straps are. Reptent reserve and a little jealous. They probably live a little more, a little more purely than we do, right? But rather than just lounge around, how about we go get this freaking back day started? Let's get the car. Speaking of updates, two-thirties have finally been broken into. I'm talking morning body weights 238.6. Of course, that's just like the low of that of today. I mean, if I, I get to start, I get to actually track in it. I'm like a little graph up in it's like, but if you look at your weight on a day by day basis, up and down, all freaking over the place. It gets hard to really look at your actual sort of progress. If you're really focusing on the cocaine. I'm five pounds, everything that was yesterday. Crap. You didn't just gain five pounds of math. Five pounds of fat. Move gain five pounds of muscle loose. It's all, you got a pretty solid amount of water, car based fluctuation, which can really throw off your daily readings. So all that's to say is, you know, don't freak about the daily. Try to find it like a weekly trend. And if you're headed upward or downward, or if whatever reason you want to just main gain, you're on track for whatever that trajectory, or I guess intended trajectory is, then you're fucking good. But let's say, so cat update, weight update, a little bit of a clothing update. The freaking t-shirts are almost sold out. The smalls and the mediums are gone. There's a, which, it's come on. I was on the impression that three XLs would be the first to go. Yeah, I'm just kidding. But we'll see. So feedback noted, the over the shoulder lettering, a little much, a little much. But yeah. It's, so that's where I less is more turned out to be the actual, the sweet spot. But you know, since there's a new thing, I think I subconsciously wanted to be like a little, a little more out there with it. But we'll make some adjustments. I, yeah. I think next, the next time we do a little re-stock, it'll be, it'll mean new stuff. It won't just be the same shit every time. Especially now in the beginning, you know, it's changed it up. Different styles, different all sorts of, all designs, whatever. But that's, that's kind of the, that's the behind the scenes. But in terms of today specifically, with back, I'm talking the same stuff as normal, man. I did a, hmm, I did sort of a low, mid back row to start last back day. I think I might, well, I'll see. You know, I'll make sure I change it up enough from the last back day, so that this one is a bit different. But, you know, for the most part, as long as you change up your movements, and you finish pretty well-fati, pretty well-pumped, and you're good, you know. And I think some guys take it a little too far. I mean, especially older, there's a lot of quotes of like, more power lifter, like guru style guys, and I don't mean that, like, these guys were the shit in terms of power lifter and training and knowledge, and, you know, they'll say pretty blank at statements. Like, I would never start a workout with the same movement twice in a row. I would never do that. And I think it's just a, you know, a testament to you should change it up and the benefit of variability. But if you got like a badass chest-day, and you love doing inclined Smith, pecdec, pec-press, and then one like superset of, like cable flies or something, if that's your bread and butter, it's not too bad for doing the same one a couple times, but still it's going to be good to kind of just explore the space, try new shit, and, you know, sometimes even stuff that doesn't really connect with you in the mall, I mean, for a long time, you would never catch me do a chest-day starting with, you know, any kind of pec-fly or cable press, like it was always heavy bench-only, heavy dumbbell bench, or heavy dumbbell press only. Like, start with your heavy shit, then move on light or stuff at the end. But, you know, I'll throw in the occasional chest-day where I start with cable flies as like a pre-exoster, and then move on to some of the clip-pressant. Which I think both have their positives and negatives, you know, you're going to be pre-fifteen so you're losing that kind of maximum workload and tension from the heavy pressing, but then you've already got some pre-activation some by the time you move on like a Smith bench, even if you're not doing three plates, you know, you back it off to one or, and I want it to lean. Two or so, then, you know, you are kind of already pumped. It's a good little, like it's pre-fifteen, it's kind of just the right word. But, you know, we're changing you up, man. And then there's only two outcomes, either, wow, I did not really like that workout. I'm going to go back to what I do like. And then if you went hard, it's still going to be good. You know, I could just roll a dice that had like seated road, dumbbell row, pull over, pull down, chest-supported row, hammer strength row. I could just roll that seven times for this workout. And then as long as I went crazy and whatever set that ended up landing on, like a wind-hard push myself to failure, did reasonable reps. I would still have a good back to me. So it's not like your exercise selection is the most important thing in the world. But it's just something to think about, you know. And the other scenario, if you try some news that you haven't tried before, is you say, holy crap. Single on pullovers. It feels so much better than double on pullovers. What the hell have I been doing? You know, and then you got a new little, a new little bonus to your workout arsenal. But for 14, reasonably early lift, even though it feels like seven o'clock, without muggy it is. But that's alright. And that's alright. You got to make use of the grunge to speed it back into your internal hype. But I doubt it's going to be too packed. It's getting cold. I feel like people are, you know, anybody who's not really locked in, they might want to stay home. Stay nice and warm. Come on. Not fucking cool. So have I, have I, no more talking? Let's just go get this lift started. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. That's all right, Yalike. Oh, you got to say. I don't mind leaning back a little bit on those. I'm kind of trying to get lads, but a little bit of lower and good bats too. But let's just repeat that. Keep it simple. You go from there. We'll pull that out start for today. Yeah. It's. Oh, I'm going to say. Let's switch to a row. Feel back and forth. Let's see some. Well, I guess individually loaded double arm seated rows. Little more upper back focus than regular seated with. Because the cables are lower than, you know, chest height. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, no. Yeah. Oh, one more. I'm going to say, let's see a little two-wing two-stop. Two rows, two-pole nands, two rows, two-pole nands. Until I'm too pumped. Let's move on. Well, that way now, I'm going to say, let's see one more. Then move on. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I think let's say right here, get some single on pullovers done on this cable. As one more benefit of being a little more open instead of rigid. With your workout plan, I already got this cable open. Mayors won't make some extra use of it. But let's get the pullover started. It's not like I was saying in the car. I am definitely a thin of the single arm pullover instead of both at once. I just feel like I can, like, if I'm doing double the rope, I can get some like here. But I want to be like down here, like, almost hit, hit distance. Oh, either way, light-ish. And then you can also kind of hold on to the top part of some extra stability. That's good for me. I'm trying to isolate my lats. Now work my whole system, trying to bounce. But let's go nuts here. Let's that first. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, right there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's go a few pants lighter. But we're on that chin up one more time. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Look at a really dealt activation on those two. Not a problem. I don't really do many of those dealt sets anyway. But let's, uh, it's fine if real. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. It's trying overhand a set of unusual techniques. And then one match lighter. That's all too patty for this. Fortunately, the lift. Yeah. I think I know exactly what the finish was. And if all some cables in the bench. I'm sure some of you already know it's all good. As I'm sure some of you predicted. Just this sort of long double D handle. Pull down. Slatcher row kind of combination. Just does the trick for the end man. Really get my whole back fucking hot. But I think this will be it. We can go do a little pose down and it's ground. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I got it. We know it's next. That's fine. That's what I'm saying. So reasonably simple and quick back day done. Doesn't take much. So that was, uh, let me go back to the beginning. Two sets of pull downs. Very like squeeze focus on the bottom. I didn't hold it, but like that's what I was trying to do. Like, Oh, that's sort of just a little momentary extra like flex. But two of those. Two cable rows also pretty squeeze focused. Two pullovers. So that puts me six. Two. Well, shit. Wait a second. Two pull downs. Two cable rows. Two pullovers. Two machine rows. Yeah. That's a good work, man. Nine sets. That's more than I'm actually usually fucking doing right now. But all that's to, uh, all those sets. Add it up to the pump. And we're about to see. And carb-wise. Not doing so hot. Carbon take today so far. Well, I mean, it's good that it's low. Obviously, I'm, I'm trying to die down. I want it to be low. But I definitely felt it a little bit in my endurance. Set by set. So it's not always the best idea to completely save all your calories for later. Like after the lift. Because you get to run on something. But yeah. 70 grams of carbs, 43 a fat, 115 a protein so far. All adding up to about 1200 net calories. Which I want to track for fucking, you know, my fat loss. But I definitely feel that lack of, uh, glycogen. But more hype and kind of excitement in dozing that is feeling the lack of fucking body fat. I mean, this is way more like abs and strations. And I've seen for quite a while. I've, you know, I bulk up and I cut down. But time-wise, I've been much more bulk than I have been cut for a while. I kind of want to even those scales out. Over these next couple of months really see what everything is kind of added up to. But let's run through some shit here. Oh, he grabbed it. Then same thing for the back. And this is one awesome benefit of bust and out the camera instead of your phone. Because I'm looking at my own reflection right now. So I can see if one shoulder's a little bit skew and when I last spread. Because if you can't see yourself doing that, you can't really begin to build some bad habits. For a long time, every time I do a double-by-shot. Here. Oh, he's... Oh, he's... Oh, well, let's just do the pose before we say anything else. Alright, I think that actually... That warrants a zoom in. Let's get a little tighter here. Now, I would not go so far as to say even close to Hanma back status yet. But definitely getting somewhere. Oh, yeah, there we go. Holy crap. So that's why I've been... Oh my gosh. You can't see it. But I can see the autofocus like eye tracker. And it literally thinks this chunk of shit right under my rear delt is an eyeball. Oh my god. And it might not even seem that crazy. Like relative to my last back day or the last one, especially for anybody watching this clip like in the third person. I guess that's the only way you could be watching it. But it might not seem like much. Like, oh, you can see a few more fibers and maybe some veins in there. But... For my perspective, this is fucking nuts. Let me get one more double-by-subscibe in here. I don't want to stop fucking posing, man. There we go. Yeah, so... I think without exaggeration, that might be the freakyest my back has ever looked. Like, just a combination of today's pump, the lighting, maybe whatever level of hydration or like sodium intake. But I think some of those were my craziest back poses ever. And that is such a fucking insane thing to say. That's what's extra cool about the workin' out is if you don't take your foot off the gas and you're just kind of constantly in a state of progress. And it doesn't even have to be the craziest progress in the friggin' world. Let's say you're bulking up. Yeah, I'm three pounds heavier this week. Or this month and I was last month. Or I'm one pound like if you don't slow down. Now, obviously not everybody's gonna begin a crazy amount of muscle in the beginning. Or at the end or whatever else, I mean, it's all different kind of rates. But as long as you're on track to some kind of progress, eventually you should get to a point where you're constantly breaking new ground. And that is the most motivating shit ever. As much as there's value of like, oh, you know, just grind even if you don't fucking feel like it or like, you said you would do it. Like there's some legit mentality like self-discipline there. Obviously, if you want long-term results, you kind of have to put in long-term effort. But it's so much nicer if you just enjoy it. So that's why I really hate all of the kind of gatekeeping that a lot of dudes will get into. Like if you see the like all the, what do they even call them? It's like the panel videos where there's like five guys like five from the fitness industry. And then I mean, they specifically just get like five people who don't work out or like kind of I'm a heavier side of things. And they put them in this debate and then some of the real like, I guess, rude or guys are like, you guys are just, you're just back because that's what you want to do. You're not willing to put in the work. Like you can be right, but you can still be an asshole, you know. So that's where the guys who I find make the most gains are the ones who are just doing a routine that they enjoy. And that takes a little bit of time to like learn. There's definitely some upfront effort of like getting into it and getting to feel for everything, you know, have some guys who already work out who you know, take you under their wing shadow and for a couple workouts. But before you know it, you're going to have a macro track on your phone. You're going to be doing cardio every so often lifting on the regular and dude in two years. You can be a completely different guy on wreckage. As bad as better drop one there on wreckage freakingizable. So I, I just want to rewatch that fucking posing clip, but let's let's get in the car. Back day 10 out of 10 done. Well done. Lots of fun. New ground being broken into this diving phase. Getting me up to up. That right there, that lean air slightly, veiny back pump check. That's part of my, that's part of my primary motivation that's keeping me from having a quick pit stop at a. At a certain establishment. Red hair girl. Pig tails. Makes a mean spicy chicken sandwich and a vanilla frosty with fries. And hold off. I am going to hold off a little while longer. And one thing that also makes it easier for me to be a bit more chill is the fact that a. That just makes me feel like shit, you know. It's different when I'm in a bulking phase. And that sounds kind of bad because it's like, I'm used to eating a lot more junk food. But in a way, like, you really are, you know, because right now I'm being a bit more. I'm a thautical. And not even a bit more like very freaking methodical about the foods that I'm eating. I mean there's no treats right now. Treats are off the fucking menu. I've got four pounds of ground beef that I cooked this morning sitting in a big. Tapper wear ball. So every couple hours I end up scooping about 50 grams of protein worth of that. Some sugar free catch up or some barbecue sauce or something. And then a carb of some variety. I'm kind of chilling on like big carb meals because I don't have that many to work with. You know, I'm in the sub 200 range right now. So if I have a 50, you know, if I've got like a lunch or some kind of meal with 50 grams of carbs worth of rice or something. That's that's one third of my whole day, you know. So what I end up doing is like I've got some granola in the, I'm, why don't I keep calling it the cupboard in the pantry. Yeah, what the hell? There were pantry has like a looted me the last couple days. But I've got like some little blueberry granola stuff in the pantry and like some, I've got some Graham crackers floating around and some all sorts of stuff. I'll just, I mean, I'll do some oatmeal too. But my carbs kind of just sort of seat in throughout the day. I mean, earlier when I had a, when I had like some ground beef with the catch up, the mustard, the, like, basically relish and a bit of like fat free. We're not fat free, but lower fat man is with some low carb buns. I'd add it that man. You know, with the catch up, you know, it's no sugar added, but there's still sugar. I mean, there's still a 20 carb meal. That's 20 carbs, you know, you don't have a lot to play with. So the, you know, the benefit of pretty much classic bodybuilding eating is the fact that it just simply works in a dieted phase, you know. Protein heavy meals, minimal, you know, minimal on the side department, beat carbs or fats. It's just kind of the only way to do it, you know, because I mean, yeah, this is a rare occurrence. I mean, more protein than I am carbs when I'm bulking up, it is the other way around by like a pretty big fine degree, you know, to the point where I'll be eating on a, once I really get into a bulking phase, basically not seven, but about like five or six times as many carbs as I'm eating in a whole day is what I get to, you know, I get a fifth of that now. So it's kind of crazy to think like in a couple of months when I start bulking up again. I'll be eating a weeks where the carbs right now per day. Oh, goodness. I don't even like to think about it. But, you know, that's all right. So until then, I can held off. I can hold off. I got some mental fortitude there. No, oh shit. You know, let me, I'm trying to remember last time I had a crispy cream. That's kind of, that's like my version of a crumble for everybody else. And with the crumble, I'm not sure I see the appeal. Like, you know, you tell me, but I've gotten crumbled before way too sweet. And I know that's crazy for me to say, but it's like just way, it's too much. It's like all frosting. Some of their plain stuff is cool. Like it's hard to screw up a classic like chocolate chip cookies, I'm thin. But at that point, like I'd rather, I'd just rather have something else, you know, but insert. If you really want to make gains, you should never eat any kind of junk food like that. Hey, man, near the, you might be right, right? But I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to be in some crispy cream on this next Balkan phase. I'm sure. Not a ton, but I'll have a little. A little like an urgent tube bed. And it's just, you know, it's fuel for the fire. So you're trying to bulk up. There is benefits who simply getting those calories down. Now it's not the best method, of course. You want to optimize it. Like, I feel so much better. The protein's always the same. I kind of, I don't remember the last time I had a, well, that's not true. I've got a bunch of like pre-made little protein shakes in the fridge just for like if I've got to stop at the house really quick and then go somewhere else. I'll grab one, you know, like the 40 gram, whatever. But for the most part, all the protein is just, you know, meats, eggs, protein, or obviously eggs. Eggs, beef, turkey, ground turkey. I, um, I've been like in the can to chicken. It's just so easy. You know, I'll see, some of you guys are commenting saying, why would you ever eat can to chicken? Cook it yourself. I don't see that, like, did the can to chicken. It's right there. It takes one second. And you don't make a whole mess because you're not getting the whole pan dirty and, you know, it's kind of instant. So that's the benefit there if you're curious to my thought process. But, you know, kind of just plain where I really try to indulge sweet this wise is you have, like, like, I think I've got like 10-2 liters of my, in the pantry too. All diet soda. I've got some, uh, got some diet dew. Got some sugar-free red faggo, some Sprite Zero, all sorts of shit like that. So that's kind of, uh, that's my sweet for the day. And I don't know if, uh, I'm, you know, am I crazy for this? My crazy for flattening the soda in, like, a separate gallon jug and then drinking it. Because it's like, what are you supposed to do? Drink a, drink two liters of carbonated something or other? It's just, you know, I, uh, doesn't, I'm just looking for something sweet to drink. So that's kind of, that's right, get after it. Crystal light, that's sort of thing. In fuckin' words, man. You know, and I think the craziest thing I've ever heard is when guys, uh, are somehow under the impression that the diet version is worse for you, or, like, makes you gain weight faster than the full sugar version. Right? Out of every misconception, that one is, like, the absolute freaking gnarliest that I've ever heard. Oh, my goodness. But, you know, if you know anything about macro tracking, which hopefully you do, hopefully you're getting into it, you can, and we can relate. We're on the same wavelength when it comes to that. But I think this puts me a day fifty seven. And we're day fifty seven for this dieting phase. So we'll get up, uh, oh, yeah, shit. This will, is this gonna be the first dieting phase that extends beyond day one hundred? I think it might. I don't think I've ever dieted down for more than three months straight. So yeah, shit. Fast forward, uh, you know, just about six weeks. I'll be into some new territory, even some new ground. But until then, I'll just stick to this deficit, not to go too crazy. Uh, and at this point after, you know, bulking up and cutting down so many times, I think I'm pretty resilient to the, to the allure of having a crazy, cheap day, refeed. I, uh, I'll keep you updated. I mean, if I, if like, for whatever reason tonight, I, um, like I stopped at the store. I got two tubs of, um, two tubs of what? Like two tubs of Ben and Jerry's, and then like I stopped at, like, I mean, I'll tell you, but I don't think it's gonna freaking happen. So really, it's just a, uh, staying on track. Because I know that the cardio and the calorie deficit and the training is resulting in continuous fat loss for me. So if I know that's the setup, which I'm trying to follow, then I'll just stick to it if I actually want the results there. So that's where I think a lot of the, disconnect from, you know, really lock an indesum shit. Just comes from lack of information, you know? Because I think everybody would probably like to get into, at least, a position of a bit more control with their diet and their food and their training. But sometimes it's, uh, it just feels so far off from what you, you know, what you know how to do. So that's where I use your, you know, user two thumbs on the most powerful invention ever created by man. I would say to cell phone, right, information. And, you know, just start looking at the shit up. It's, uh, the information's out there. So readily available to those who want to find it. But until then, I've got arms tomorrow, which I'm already getting, uh, which I'm already getting excited for. But no, uh, no point talking about arms today. I get it. Just get back home. He's not going to pass out. I was, uh, I was rolling around last night to make a while of fall asleep. One of Fetch's start to melt at tone it again. Well, anyway, I'll, uh, I'll keep you updated. So I'll see for arms tomorrow.