It happened, it finally happened a whole another year has passed. And if you've been watching these videos for long enough, then you would know that basically, well, reason we sporadically across this entire last year, like I'm talking March, I'm talking July, I'm talking September all the way, even just in my earlier February, I'm sure you can find a ton of little quotes and phrases where I'm basically saying shit man, we're too much deep. We're four months deep, we're at the halfway point, year 50% over. You know, we're at the 80% market, it's October man, it's November. And then now, well, for you, for me today's new year's Eve, but by the time this gets uploaded, man, all another year, 2025, we're gonna have a massive spike of Xing out of the four than writing a five on dates, as well as a whole new, oh, it's like a reset, you know, the white board is now being erased. 2024 is over, new year, new main new goals, new routine, new everything. Locked in 2025, winter, our grind set is now beginning for many. And that's not the unfortunate part. The fact that it is going to end for not just as many, because every year of course, there's a whole new crew of basically freshman to get locked into, I'll just anything, right? But the majority are gonna end it, you know what I mean? It's, I keep seeing the, like, random posts talking about how whatever percentage of people give up on their new years, whatever, by like one week or like the first Friday of the year, they had like some kind of name for it, fake or Friday, you know, something like that. But I think that's where it's gonna help to have a little bit of a chip on your shoulder and really just try to stick out because think about this, you know, who is really killing it? Who is really getting somewhere in terms of any sort of goal or like skill or anything? It's not just guys who have like in same talent, like sure that's definitely gonna play a part. There's dudes and, I mean, there's a million, like guys in Brazil who are like two years younger than me, way more jacked, you know. But what I'm trying to get at is as much as there are dudes who just have a natural gift for shit. That's not the majority. A larger percentage or at least a larger, you know, demographic of dudes who actually make shit happen, are the ones who just show up and really showing up is like 70% of them, you know. I would not be surprised if you took two dudes or let's say you did it in like a, you know, a study style where you actually had like a control group and a different group all of a very similar demographic. Largen of the, you could actually like take some data from it. You took one group and you had them do their regular routine all year, just like normal, work home, chill, and then that's the gist of it. And then the other group don't even give them a workout routine. Don't even tell them any specific goals to hit. But make sure that for 30 minutes a day, minimum, they go to the gym. Now there's no requirement that they have to even do anything. There's no like log book, like okay, I did this, just having them be in that space for 30 minutes a day or let's see even just say 30 minutes, five times a week, make it a little bit more realistic. I can almost guarantee that you will see a noticeable bump in a couple of different fitness metrics of those guys because if they're in the gym, odds are they're probably gonna work out, you know. And not even the most crazy Eric Boogan-Hagen like zurture deadlift 405 or like just being in the gym and doing a couple sets of everything. You just bounce around, like you don't have to know what the hell you're doing. Like do a couple sets of curls, do a couple sets of pull-downs, do some like extension stuff, like going from zero to even just come into the gym and bounce around on a couple of machines consistently. That is a massive difference. So I think it really sucks how much of a like elitist view that real gym rats kind of have about the gym and maybe they don't, but I'm just seeing like there's kind of a like an air to the gym ones like okay, I wanna know what I'm doing before I come in here like, I don't want people to think I don't know what I'm doing. Where I mean it's just not the case, you know. I mean, yeah, if you see the clips of like planet fitness fails where like some guy is holding on to both cables with the full stack jumping around like spider-man. Yeah, I mean he deserves to get clowned on. But for anybody who's just doing regular stuff like as long as you don't do anything they're greasively weird, nobody is even gonna think that. You know, we all know what I said if dumbbell curls should basically look like or what I said it push down should basically look like. I mean, just pull up a damn athlete and then you can actually work out the tutorial video, watch him do it and then do the same stuff. Like that's really all it takes. So I'm not really, I might not be hitting my intended demographic here because if you're watching this you probably already lift. But what I'm trying to get at is like, if you know anybody who's a little on the fence just because they don't feel like they know exactly what they're doing or like, oh, I don't think too. Just bring them a lot, you know. Any gym rat worth his salt is been lifted for a while has indoctrinated a couple dudes into the gym over the course of time. I mean, I've had a group in high school where it's like six of us. And I always the main gym rat guy. We bring them all in, I wrote out like a full workout routine, like just basic stuff, like two sets of pull down, two sets of rows, two sets of pullovers, like we walk through everything, you know, like it's not, it's not the craziest thing in the world. But it's a pretty awesome example of you're going to suffer more in your mind than your well in reality. Where it's like if you make the gym out to be this intimidating space and look all of me, I don't know if I want to be this. Then you're already putting yourself in this state of like anxiety that you're not even going to want to go. And I can't stress it enough. Like this is my last point of saying this. But just showing up consistently, 70% even might be a little bit too low of percentage. Like compared to the populist that's out there, the amount of people that even go to the gym consistently, like let's say five times a week. What do you think? 5%. Maybe even like 3% of people are going to go to the gym five times a week consistently. So if that's the bar, then for you to even show up and come to the gym on the regular, you just whoops 97% of people. You're now in the 97% time and then take it as step further. Get some freaking metallic up plan, get some through the fires and the flame going in your head phones, get extra amps up and then when you go to the gym consistently, you also kill it consistently and you try to not redline your effort but at least you know know that you're pushing yourself. Dude, I'd say you're easily in the 99%ile there. And then there's nothing that there's nowhere else to go. It just becomes a waiting game. And that's my favorite part about the gym is the fact that once you get a routine in place, like once you're working out in the regular, you're tracking your mac rows, let's say you even go extra crazy, you start doing your cardio consistently as well. Even just 30 minutes post workout every couple of days. Like that same thing with the lifting, even just adding that is going to be a huge jump from zero. But if you can start doing that, then it's no longer a question of, okay, am I going to be able to achieve my goals? Like, is this even possible? Like, it's not an if. It's simply a win because it doesn't take that much to make fitness goals. All right, train, eat a reasonable diet, sleep. And then the fourth step is kind of not even really a step. It's just repeat that loop. indefinitely. So, not the most complicated shit. Now, it's not the easiest. I would never say that. But it's not the most complicated. So all that's to say is I hope that the gyms don't start to dwindle in terms of their new spike in populists. Because honestly, if everybody that got a gym membership this year stayed in the gym the whole year, I mean, that would really just be a just a massive boost, fitness wise, because then more gyms are going to need to get more equipment and then they're going to need to expand. And then there's going to be a newer space and machines and stuff. It's like the more people in the gym that better because that would that would hypothetically sort of induce this upward spiral of gyms getting, well, just getting more membership fees and then getting more stuff. It's just kind of just sort of a loop like that. But that's where it's out of my hands. And it never wasn't my hands to begin, but it's not my fitness journey. It's yours. So, do you want to be able to look back over the next six months and think, oh yeah, 2025 was my year and not even in like a cringe. Like, I'm going to lock in this year kind of TikTok kind of way. Like, you actually made this shit happen. And that is much better than the alternative in my mind. So, get to the point where you lock in in isn't even a question. It's simply your natural state of being. But for my first step of this new year's Eve Day, I've gotten an hour of cardio. So, I think I'll probably do 30 minutes on a seated elliptical and then maybe 30 minutes on the seated bike. After we're just to change it up and then I've got 15 minutes in the sauna. Depending on how hot it is. Sometimes they, like, you can, so the sauna is just sort of this, it's got a temperature pro in the wall. So, some guys when they're really serious, they go up and they splash the temperature pro with water to cool it down so that the sauna starts pumping out more heat. So, if it's really hot, like an oven, I'll just do 10 minutes. But if it's normal temperature, like it is, I think like once 60 or once 70 or something, then I can handle a full 15 minutes. But after that, as long as the yoga room is open, we can cut two little postcardia posts on a post down, see how I'm looking a little extra. We're not really pumped, but I'm really flat either. Well, I guess just in my postcardia state. But either way, I'm going to start watching the Squid Game 2 or episode 2 of Squid Game 2. And then I will, I'll see you after cardio. All right, so, I was feeling reasonablyamped up and I still am. And I'm on my mind, I'm like, all right, let's go crazy. Let's get the 150s. 150s are not happy. As soon as they picked up the 65s, they felt like the hundreds. So, I did a warm upset of the 65s, then the hundreds, which is about like one plate jump, and then a feeler wrapper two of 130, 130s. So, let's just go nuts with that. Ariel will be my song of choice. Okay. Whoa. Why is he more? Oh My Oh, oh, oh, one more. It at one thirty the sweets buy. Any more, it probably be the danger zone I freaking hurt myself. This would be the last one and then I'll move on to something else. Oh, oh. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I am okay. Holy crap. Oh. Okay. Let's go to your sub-pack deck. Oh, my gosh. Let's get a straight classic set of Pectex. The first few reps on a throne. Hold in the top, go slow. But as I get more and more fatigued, these last few will just be fucking brutal. Okay. Oh. No, man. Dude. Oh, okay. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Oh, my gosh. Okay. One more. That's a really good Pectex. I'm getting very minimal front belt activation. Which is the problem. I'm gonna work on it. Let's make these sub-temporary reps for the first portion. Yeah. Okay. Oh, my gosh. All right. Let's do something cable-related. Okay. Really good, though. This is a pretty damn good five-open-age sets. Let's do some kind of pump style work bent over cable-flames. Now these are going to be very different than those Pectex-wise work. If I'm not going to sit here and have like a really controlled one second hole at the bottom, probably do a pause rep. But what I do want to make sure is that at the bottom of every rep, especially when I'm strong, I feel like an extra momentary place. And not just like straightening my leg out all the way, I'm like an extension. I mean, getting to that max range of motion and then getting like a little extra of, you have a promise, it can change the way your sets feel. But once you get this one out of the side, I'd have to go back to finishing off chest. No. No. No. No. Oh my god. Let's do that in reverse for the next 10 seconds. That's a bent fly set. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Okay. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No, no. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. sets a hard dumbbell press, two sets of pectx, and then two or three sets of cable work. I can't remember. But either way, all of that cumulatively added up, it's a pretty damn freaking S chess bump. Let me get it. Let me get it. Let me make sure I'm still unfocused here. There we go. Well, you just hold that shout, give me a little light head. Oh my goodness. Oh, crap. All right. Well, now we've got that a highly successful chess day. If anything, and it's insanely successful, chess day. And now, my year is over. There's no more lift. The time has run out. The amount of same in 2024, at least in a working out contest, it's complete. And this is the freaking result. And frankly, I am not disappointed. I actually just ordered like a one-page year-long calendar, then I'm going to put up my wall, because I want to be able to write like a basically just a big green checkmark across every day that a good lift gets done. And then by the end of the year, I'm going to have a big ask fucking green page of checks. I wish I would have done that this year. But what are you going to do? It's starting past. And that's a pretty reasonable approach to everything time-wise, because it's like, it's not even due by the time it's already passed. But, yeah, it's so much time ahead of you. You may as well get a jump start on it now, right? Are you going to feel better if you finish your essay a week before it's due? Or if you got a clam, the night before it's due, many are going to be. And if we both are going to answer that. But, let's get that out of here. It's 2024. That's a wrap. All right. And that's it. There's no one on doing it. The cards have been played. What's another kind of phrase for that sort of thing? Well, either, oh, cards are down. I think that's a better way to put it. BAM, man, that's it. So look back, do a little self analytics. How many times did you plan on working out? Like, let's say you have a five-day week routine, a four-day week routine, whatever. How many days did you stick with that versus how many didn't? Or how many did you not? And, you know, though potentially unfortunate, and for some very fortunate, there's a pretty direct correlation between that percentage and your gains, or your progress, right? Be it fat loss, muscle gain, strength gain, just building up more endurance. You want to be a little bit more athletic. Generally fit from just like coming to the gym, doing regular full body workouts, like whatever that goal may be. The amount of hours that you have clocked will be pretty well represented in the results that you get at the end, you know? And don't forget, you're kind of always on the fucking clock or the freaking clock's out of that thing. Where whether or not you actually kill it or you just hang out and play four night after or whatever you gotta do during the day, even though it might not feel that important because like that's your free time and who cares, you know, nobody's telling you that's to do it. Later on down the line, if you ever feel like you're not exactly where you wanna be, and of course, if I'm talking about it, it's gonna be gains-wise, and then, guess what? And there's probably a reason for that. And it's because if you look back at your time sheet, you know? There's a few discrepancies. The amount of time actually lifting going nuts, a little bit of a deficit and the amount of time on Discord, maybe a little bit of a surplus, you know? And I'm not saying you can't mix it, too, of course. I was just playing some Fortnite last night with Mark, but there is such a thing as moderation, you know, I'm saying. So, all that's to say is, you'll get out what you put it. And I say this a lot about the work now and why I really like it is because that's pretty much just a true statement, you know? I don't wanna just keep repeating myself, but I'll say it just for, you know, explanation sick. Let's say you took a guy and you made him go to the gym every day for a whole year. And you made him work out reasonably hard, like he just did some basic lifts. He'd do a push day or a leg day or a back day, tell me, he might even skip a leg day ever, so off, right, raw human. But whatever, do you think he's gonna be more jacked? At the end of that year, we're less jacked. Probably more jacked. It's as simple as that, you know? If you clock hours in the gym, then it will start to result in gains. And the cool part is, for the uncool part of that is, I think that the gym gets like a weird wrap. I really don't like to see it, where people really dive into the negative side of things where it's like using the gym as an outlet for just basically only negative emotions. Like, I really do not love to see it at TikTok and it's where it's guys basically saying, like, I hate myself unless I train a failure. Like, I don't piece of shit unless I push myself to my extreme limit. Like, I really don't like that mentality. It kind of, it just turns me off. It doesn't get me going. Like, I wanna get excited about training because I like the process of pushing myself and the results that come afterward are pretty dang cool too. So in the beginning, everybody's got a chip on their shoulder about working out, depending on what your story may have been. Like, there's a couple of classic tropes. A girlfriend broke up with you for the football guy. That's becoming a little less prevalent now, I think. I don't think that's probably more of like a 90s story. Like any of my slightly older demographic can might be able to relate to that a little more. Or it's like, maybe you're a little tubier when you're younger, you wanna start getting jacks and really kinda undo that from whatever. Like, it's all sick, but eventually, I would hope that you start to realize like, oh, it's working out, it's just cool. Push on myself hard at this, this is just cool. And I get to be in shape. Like, I get to work on getting myself into reasonably solid shape. Nice. I'm taking this to a totally unnecessary degree. Like, I'm pushing it this far just because this is like my thing and it's like a vector of progress that I really wanna pursue in my free time. I don't know my free time, just in my time. So it's like if somebody is a fucking, or a freaking guitarist, they'll play a guitar, they'll look in good at guitar, they'll like have fun with it. That's what they do, right? Usually lifting and that thing that you'd spend your days doing aren't the same for me that definitely are. So that's why I'm taking it so far. But even just coming to the gym reasonably frequently and getting into better shape, like I can't emphasize the value of that enough. And I'm looking at it from a third person perspective. Like, I'm not the guy to come to if you want some motivation on like a real serious fat loss of journey. That's just not the life I've lived. But I do get to see the upside of being at a reasonable like BMI, or body fat percentage. Like I'm not trying to dog anybody, but if I had to carry around an extra 50 pound backpack at all times, that would kind of suck, that's just kind of hindered. So if your thing is like this year, I wanna make it happen, I wanna get some cardio hours, clock, I wanna start tracking my calories. I wanna get under 200 pounds, or I wanna break two ten, or whatever your goal might be. That is a solid ass thing to achieve. Now all you gotta do is just not get discouraged by the fact that it's gonna take them a while. But all that's to say is, I've never seen anyone, and I really couldn't imagine anybody. Where after they get themselves into solid shape, that they decide to completely flip it around, it's a ass, ruin them, done with this. And even if sometimes life gets in the way, it's like the classic real job, kids, I would certainly imagine that it's gonna get pretty tricky to balance things out with. Like it's not a, I'm still kind of a young buck there, so I'm pretty spoiled. But everybody's got that niche. Like once you get indoctrinated into the gym, then that fire's always gonna be in the back of your mind at all times where it's like, oh yeah, that better lock it back in. And if you've been jacked before, like you've been a reasonable shape back in your oncology, or whatever, like mid 20s or something, and then you've got it kind of got an out of it, and every of the gym is often, I guess what? You still have residual gains from when you worked out in your younger, kind of basically lying dormant, because after you gained a certain amount of muscle, you did not completely just shrink that all away and act your feedback to a regular dude, right? Let's say you were, you know, my, what's the reason we lean football build? Offensive Lyman? Definitely not a defensive Lyman, whatever. You'd have called us sports, you were yoked, and then you kind of backed off, and you never really knew we were gonna add as much. Guess what? You've still got those myonuclei little extra muscle fibers, because not only when you work out and do the muscle fibers that you have get bigger and just physically larger and more inflated, like, sarcoplasm and muscle glycogen, and all sorts of fancy dance stuff. But you actually start to build more of these little fibers, right? So somebody that's worked out for a long time and got reasonably developed and muscularly, even if they shrink down over time, they still built up all those new fibers. So getting back into it, you've already got a head start. So to re-gain your gains is much easier than to have gained them in the first place. But same thing, you know, with any new introduction of like a training routine, it does take a little while to get into. And all I can really say there is, try to fight for that adaptation. I get so much flack for talking about the, well, actually, I don't get that much flack, but I'll get a lot of sort of, there's no way you could possibly train every day of every week and make results. There's no way you could possibly do that. And I think you're definitely not wrong in the sense that rest days are probably reasonably beneficial. Like, I'm just an unnotcase about it. I just love to lift so I wanna do it every day. And even as a beginner, I've kind of been on like a daily training split forever. But keep in mind that when I started working out, I had just quit doing like men's gymnastics swing around the bars and stuff. So I was kind of already primed for pretty high intensity daily activities. Because that was like a six day week thing for like three hours straight. So it wasn't too hard for me to add like daily workouts. But no matter what kind of routine you get yourself into, your body is not as weak as these guys say that it is. Like when anybody talks about overtraining or whatever, it's like, oh, you shouldn't push yourself that hard. I mean, that really just, oh, you're pushing me away man. Because there is no way that your body would have like a certain hard limit of effort. Where it's like, oh, you actually did that two hard. Now you're not gonna make any gains. It's like, no, you can under recover that 100% is for sure. You're not even enough food. You're not getting enough water. You're not getting enough sleep. You can definitely under recover and build fatigue. But if you're doing like an hour workout on the daily hour and a half workout and you eat enough protein and go to sleep, I think you're gonna be able to come back the next day. But again, it is an adaptation. I remember I had Mark coming to the gym when I was like 16 or so, he was 14 or whatever. And I had him do my 25 set chest day where it was like five moves, five sets of bench, five sets of incline bench, five sets of dumbbell bench, five sets of, like just all sort. Basically 25 total working sets for chest. Way too much, I did not understand the value of like, denser work. I should have, I wish I would have watched some more bike events or one of the younger. But like that first time that I brought him in there, I freaking killed him man. Because he hadn't worked that before and I had him do way too much volume. But after a little while, he got into it and then he was doing the same workout today I was doing. So there is most certainly room to try to sort of pinpoint a specific scientifically supported whatever optimal routine. But the efforts got to come first. So that's, then I'm getting it all sorts of a crazy ram on here. I've just gone down different grabables, I'm getting a little off track. But all I have to say is coming in next year as long as you've got some time to make it happen. If you spend it working out, I can promise that you won't regret it. Now you might feel a little tired in the moment, especially on a leg day when you didn't get enough sleep and my feel a little tired. I mean, I've been there before. I've had some lifts where I was like, God sucks. And usually that's only when I let my recovery falter or I was just being stupid like stand ups and I actually I can't remember the last time I had a lift that felt like that. But I'd stiffly happen. So even though sometimes in my feel like you do that aggrind and the long run, you're only gonna look back out of the thing, why didn't I start doing this sooner? Why didn't I start doing this freaking sooner? So it's like the classic phrase, the best time to have planted a tree was 200, freaking years ago. But the second best time is right this very moment. So that's where I would, if you're looking into getting some kind of membership, you don't have one yet, maybe you've just been kind of, co-tailing when you're friends, memberships, fineage in, let's get 24 hour access. Because if you do, then that's just one more barrier to entry of getting your daily work at it that is now off the table. Because I know so many guys where it's very easy for them to say, oh, do the gym to the close at nine, man, it's already 7.45. Now, now it's just where, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, not freaking cool, right? So if you can start to hold yourself to a standard like that before you know it, you won't have to hold yourself to that standard. That's just what you're gonna be used to. It's like that frog in the pot of boiling water. If you increase the temperature slowly, it's not gonna jump out. There's the dude who's like, you know, get used to it. He might be thinking, man, it's gonna warm here, but he's still gonna keep going. And that might not be the best analogy because the frog gets oiled low-eye at the end of it. But you get what I'm saying. So all that's to say is if I have any specific statements or phrases or mantras going in the next year, or I guess for you, not since this video has been posted, this year, I'd say, kill it consistently. Actually, that's pretty much it. If you kill it consistently, then after not that long, you will start to notice that you have been. And I'm gonna talk in just like, subjective like, oh, I feel pretty good too. I'm talking physical friggin results. But that's as much as I can say. As much as I can talk about how cool the gym is and like, I love getting the pump. That's just my experience. You gotta get after it and make that shit happen yourself. So hopefully we see some more freaks pop out of the woodworks coming into this 2025. So I'm gonna pull out of this exit and not crash and then go home eat something. And then I've gotten 30 minutes to cardio. Still. Ugh. I'm gonna stop in my parents house for just a little new year's hangin'. And then go home, stop to the apartment gym, bus to have 30 minutes on the C-debike. Have a shower because I'm sure I stink. And then start this next year off with a good night's rest. I'll probably even have a dream about the back day that I'm gonna have tomorrow. So I think that's all I got. Now, if you can see in next year.