It's pretty cold man. It's 22 out here with wind. Not my favorite state. At least it's just a cold and wet. Cold and dry, you know, what a cold and wet. But plan for back will be an earlier lift actually made freaking day. It's up 30. When are you going to wear this? In a few words, hump the S.H.I.T. out of it. Lats traps and everything else in between, which is, I mean, it's not cool to say, but the training metrics right now, it just, the stakes are a little lower. You know, because all I'm doing is maintaining the muscle that I've already built. And maintaining is not so tricky as I really build it. So, I, like, it's not like I'm bored for say, but the dieting down phase is a little bit less stringuous overall just because the tricky part is the battle of okay. Maybe don't listen to it. Listen to you, body telling you. Sam, don't get three double cheese workers. Sam, I know you would mind a big ass bowl or whatever, which I'm not feeling insane like cheat on my diet or urges yet, but that's the hard part of the diet, right? It's, uh, it's simply fighting your instinct to want to eat more food. That's the, really the number one factor. Herdo is whatever. I mean, the acarrio is not the trickiest thing in the world, but the dieting calorie restrictions. That's what, that's what tricks people up. And the hard part is, it's like, it's, it's purely for your own sake, you know? So, it can't be cheated. Like, every time you go to the cupboard or you go to the pantry, nobody's watching and you get just a handful of anything. You know, a couple of pretzels, a couple of whatever. Those calories add up, you know? And even if you try to, like, forget about it or you ate it and passing and you were just kind of mindlessly, like, there's a bowl of chips on the table, so you had a couple, like, you might forget it, and it might not seem like anything even noticeable for your day, but your body walked, right? So, it really does require some diligence, which turns it into a pretty serious freaking chore. But at this point I've done it so many times, or at least, I don't know, I think I've gotten lean, maybe five or six times from being a little bit softer, so I've gone through the process of restriction cardio, everything where, you know, I know I can do it, but I think I might just want it to be happening faster. And I'm definitely starting to feel some of the effects, especially in yesterday's leg day, you know, was really feeling some fattest fatigue from something lack of calories. So, the point where I got home, I had an extra big bowl of the race with my grab beef, so I went about 800 calories over my limit, turned it yesterday into a little bit of a re-feed day, and as expected woke up a couple of times heavier, but every so often re-feed does have a plate of silence, that's all I talked about in the way home, get the carton, the way back, legs, last week, but back, nothing braised, last time I did it, it was like alternating like two sets of rows, two sets of full dance, two sets of rows, two sets of full dance, kind of back and forth like that. So this one, I changed it up a little more, maybe I'll do all rows first and then finish full dance or, oh, it's just have to say hey, I mean half of a half of my thought process is right now, it's like okay, let's go in, let's warm up, let's see how I feel, and then also see what machines are taking, and I'd heard about the puppy gym, okay, I'll work out what's up, and it's like yeah, I asked to work in, but there is a point and I think I'm better fit to be in, say okay, but machine I wanted to do was taken, no need to dwell on this, even at all, immediate pivot, do something else, just kids, and you're not sitting around waiting, and if you're waiting like five minutes between machines, five minutes, especially guiding down, not full carbs, that's a time to completely lose salt pump, and then you almost have to build back your momentum, it just sucks, and so if you wanted to do a hamstring row, but then you had to crew three-due the rotation using it, pick something else, Pronto, and then get that, because you gotta remember, it's not necessarily important that every specific set is done in a very specific way, but I always come in at six o'clock in your chest, I always do the smith, and I always do the kiddo, so if you're a little more on the superstitious side, this might be a bit of a hard tip to roll to get into, but it's not about a set by set basis, it's about an average cumulative set of tits, which if overall, it's great, then you're good, and you've got a little leeway where maybe you think you wanted to do this row machine, you get six reps in, and you think, and yeah, I don't like to play these fields, let's just jump into something else, the quicker you can make that decision, the better, because if you don't make it decision at all, then you just sit around like, oh should I do this search? Oh, this is, then before you know, you're spending an extra 30 minutes in the gym lead, and after, it barely pops, probably not have a much fun, it's not conducive to me that during a literally flow, you don't say it, but either way, I can predict with 98% certainty, that 2% uncertainty, that's, uh, that would have to be packed in a higher power, I'm talking to you, you're straight, that in an hour or so time, mind you have a freak chance back, so don't point yourself in it further, just go make it happen. I never start with V bar rows for a reason, sometimes I don't like the fact that it's kind of restrictive range of motion-wise, like with a wide grip, I can really pull far, and think of it as a close grip, it's like almost running into my lats, but if this had a different kind of squeezing feel, I started to explain, but it's almost like I'm feeling my lower lats and my upper traps at the same time. When usually with a wide grip, I kind of either hit one of the other, but either way, a controlled squeezing set, it started nothing to the wild, bit Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. One or two more. Same style, same everything. Not the heaviest stack in the world. Honestly, probably good thing though. If it did go heavier, probably go too heavy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. One more. One steak and more. I think one more piece. Maybe an upper back focus rail over Yonder. And pull that. I can see a three moment lift. Doesn't take much of a whole thing. But let's get one more going. I might, uh, uh, mostly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Holy crap. Oh. Well, that was good. Let's do a chest supported row over there. And unlike, uh, five. Well, unlike this stack, that one's fucking heavy. It's not going to need full stack action over there. More light and controlled. All right. I might have theory just a little bit. This first one, I'll try to go extra heavy. The next one I'll go a bit later. That's a little stronger than I expected as all. No. No. Oh, yeah. Oh. That's too heavy. That's a good set. But I was still at the chat. Let's drop a 30 instead of 300. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Okay. Let's go back to some of that. Let's do it for a moment. Pull down to occupied. But the cable is not so. Left-back first. Then right side, single arm, squeezing. Pretty heavy. I mean, the full stack. So, I'll go to the announcement. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think one more goes. That'll be it. Six set shooters today. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my gosh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.