There we go. Alright, planned for this evening at 6.38 pm departure time is to in a most simplified form. Try to pump as much blood as physically possible into my quads and hamstrings. Maybe even just a touch of adductors afterward, but quads and hamstrings are definitely the stars of the show tonight. Hamstrings first followed like quads and quads is getting a bit more chill. You know, no more squan at this point. Just pierce quads, isolation, stimulation and what kind of set or movement do you think I'm going to do to do that? What is there a particular movement out there where the only muscle that really gets activated in any capacity is going to be a quads and essentially nothing else? Because I would say there it is and we all know that we are all reasonably acquainted with it the leg extension. So that's going to make up the majority of the leg or the the quad portion of this lift and I'm cool with that. I've got through pretty major time periods where legs was essentially all leg extensions, minimal squats which in a muscle gaining sort of approach actually trying to get bigger and build new tissue. Totally not the right way to do it. I definitely saw some extra quads simulation from increasing the amount of pressing that I was doing this last, uh, bulking phase, but now that I'm diding down, I've said this a few times before. I'm not trying to, you know, build any new tissue. All I'm trying to do is maintain all the muscle that I've already built underneath. So doing some leg extensions combined with probably some cc squat leg extension supersets as a finisher at the end, that will be extra perfect. And I put this like fancy pants glare filter on on the lens. I think it looks way too, it is way too much. It's kind of cool but it's, whatever, but that's the plan for tonight. Calorie intake so far about 1,300, I've only got about 600-ish left primarily from protein and 28 grams of that protein is going to come from a bag of no sugar added lean beef jerky that I've got sitting right here in my bag 28, uh, well it's about two servings so it's probably a little bit less. But 14 grams of protein zero grams of carbs because it's artificially sweet and do a something and then one and a half grams of fat just from the beef itself. And that one's honestly kind of a hack when I saw that at the store I had to sell it at a couple of bags of it. All right I've already gone through three today so I, uh, that might need to become a bit more of a staple. But in terms of actual meal prep, my fridge has some things that are ready to be cooked. I got about five pounds of top-round stakes that I'm going to cube up and sort of make it a bit of a, I forget the exact sort of style of food that ends up being, uh, well basically it's cubed up with seasoning left in the sous-visor. I've got a whole tub of uh, or a whole tub of where full of like cooked cubes steak that I can eat and then I've got about five pounds of ground turkey which my five pound ground beef bowl is just about empty so I will be a perfect replacement. A little bit leaner too. The ground beef catches itself at about 4% fat, you know 96% lean and even that might be a stretch but the, um, what does that mean? Oh yeah the turkey 99% lean. So I guess I'll just have to see because you can kind of taste it like you can tell if you're eating something rich or a little bit leaner. So usually if I really notice, don't ever meaning as a bit fatty, I'll have to back off on it. But I think the turkey we could and then one more note, it's happening. I, as soon as I open up my phone and start scrolling a few TikToks the first one, I think it's a screenshot about I guess I'll have to find it later. But it's like, it's a Naruto slideshow edit, it's not too late, bro. You can still lock in, make this shit happen, come on. You can get after it every year. I've been saying this forever. I've gone through two cycles of it now with the actual videos where every year the same guy say or this year I'm going to make this shit happen. Or we see the same post this year. You're not going to, you're not going to know me by the end of this year. I'm going to let it, I haven't seen any, um, like, fighting my demons posts yet. I guess they're still, uh, you know, that hasn't really come up, but I'm sure it will. Every year and it's a good thing that happens because there's, uh, there's a few seasons of urgency when it comes to fitness-based goals. Spring break, that's a pretty strong one. Everybody wants to get jacks so they can go to the beach and look good. Basic just summertime in general and New Year's. So if every time, you know, it's got like, uh, I don't know how many people basically try to get into it. There's a certain retention rate where every year there's new blood in the realm of uh, working out. Guys were accounting their macros and doing the now to hit the trifecta and add all three to your routine. That's rare. That does not happen a lot. I mean, most of the people who work out now don't track their macros. So it's, uh, it's not the easiest thing to world, but it's very simple to make yourself stick out compared to everybody else. Get that macro tracker, start clocking some hours of cardio. And before you know it, that difference in action or result in a difference in position. But takes a while for, you know, that result actually be seen. So I'm sure that six months from now, it'll feel like that compared to the second. So we'd rather go a little look back and think, or a kill this year. Or I'm starting to kill this year. Or think do some shit and start to do a lot of, and I'll screw it. I'll save for next year. I think one of those situations is a little bit cooler. But either way, no more jetting. Let's just go make this uh, make this like they happen. Typically hamstring starts with hamstring curls. So even though it was not my decision because the hamstring curls are taken, it's probably a good idea to change it up, start with some rdv else. Now even though this is the stack, since I'm fresh, this won't be the most difficult set, at least in terms of the first few reps. But that just means I'll be able to hold the squeeze and extra well. Oh my gosh. Two more though. That would be good. Oh yeah, okay. One more. And then let's jump onto a some kind of curl. Actually I like, let's do two more. Make it four sets of these rdv else. Yeah, one more. Yeah, another one. Sweet. I don't know why I haven't served Rdv else before. All right. Oh. If you set the light curl should be just about enough. Then move on to quads. After a few feeler reps, I cannot do the stack. I can do one more night later. And that's the plan. So if this set ends up being like crazy good, that'll be it. But I might do two. No. No way out of can. Let's finish up an alternating single, like set. So one more though. Then hands are done. Oh, my gosh. All right. Hands are cooked. Let's go camp on the leg extension for a little while. So not too heavy. Let's just start with a half warm-up half light squeezing set of just five reps alternating of extensions. And these, uh, the whole point of the set is to just get quite started. You know, I'm not going to get to the point of like complete pure muscle failure. If I do, good for me. But really my check marks that I want to cross off to be able to say, okay, that was a good opener. It's my quads. They're starting to feel fatigue. And they're starting to feel pumped. So as long as that's the case, or those are both the case, that I'm good. But get a get comfortable. We're going to be right around this area for quite a while. More pal. What am I ... you do for me ... I know ... OK I know wobble. Oh my gosh. Let's go up one more notch. But just repeat that in the same style. That exact same style. Oh my gosh. Oh Kim. Oh my god. No. No. No. No. No. Oh my god. Two more just like that. And then I'll introduce you some super set stuff. Oh, I guess. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh my gosh. One more. Same style. Last straight set. And then some CCC supersets. Wow. That's CCC super. You're an egg. Oh. Oh. No. No. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Let me set for our second for it. Exactly. I want X and X. X. Yes. So this will be some very controlled double leg set. Like a full second hole at the top and a slow eccentric. Not to failure, but just to fatigue. Then a flip around and do some slightly self assist with CCC squats hanging off the back of the leg extension. A few of these will be perfect. And the stretch in the CCC squats nuts hard to explain with just words. No. No. No. Oh. Oh. Oh my gosh. No. No. Oh. I think one or two more like that. Now we all would call it. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. No need for a leg extension pre exhaust on this. And honestly, this elliptical as the perfect height little knobs from your whole round to. So I want to do these reps as many as I can with no self assistance. And then the last few. Pull myself up, but let my quads take all the force on the way down. And in a good way, not like hurting your knee kind of way. No. No. No. No. No. Oh my gosh. Oh my crap. That's fine. So that was definitely a solid finisher with those scissy squads. And you know, those haven't really been in the routine for a little while. I think my niece have been like a little tender the last couple of months. But today, I mean, those felt perfect. So good for me. Now my leg is not to hurt him any further. But lightish leg extensions body weight. This is what's nothing out of the ordinary there in terms of tension through the knees. But, oh, let's see how quads are looking. Make sure it's focused here. There we go. Right about there. So I'm feeling gradually more and more separation and veins even unpopped. And like these, this separates me like mediocre. Lateral and tear drop, whatever. It's getting pretty noticeable, which is really cool for me to see. And then I'm getting much more of a sweep of my hamstring. Looking like it's hanging off the back of my leg instead of just kind of morphing into it. And half of that is also just to do with getting leaner is the less body that I have thickened up my skin on my knee joint. The smaller it's going to look. And then of course, as a get leaner, it doesn't really make my muscle belly any smaller. So they stay big. And my joints kind of start to shrink down. But let's, let's give a little breath, holy flex here. See if I can get the extra veins out. Oh my gosh. Oh, that's to make me lightheaded. And that's good. So the left quad is really the star of the show when it comes to this cross-stration lining. The right one's got some, but it's just not the same. So the right one actually has a bit more veins, like, especially in here. But the left one, well, actually veins are wise. Rather similar. But either way, quad's substantially cooked. Now all I gotta do is go home, slam some egg whites with a low calorie sauce. And then go to bed. And not be tempted by the treats I've gotten my pantry. Which I have a few. And if you catch a calories and eat them in moderation, you can have some treats. But if you really want to get lean and you actually want to stick to a legit calorie deficit, you do not have a room to cheat, not much. Just a touch, but not much. So let's go pack this stuff up, get the car. Okay. You know what I call that? I call that a status factory leg pump indeed. And I guess I can get into it in a little more detail now that I've kind of cooled off. Those Sissy squats have such an interesting feeling at the bottom. They're not joking. It's definitely different than even a really heavy squat or leg press. It's kind of like just its own thing. And I don't think that weighted Sissy squats are the answer. And that's just me. But doing hack squats where I have plates and then I'm doing the Sissy squats style, I think that's too much. That's just too much force through such an isolated movement. But body weight, very nice. And honestly, those would probably be pretty cool with a 40 pound weight vest on. But I don't really have access to one of those. And if I really want to get one specifically for me, so maybe that'll just be an idea to float around in my head. But yeah, that was good. And it's just like the leg extensions, especially are such an awesome contrast. Because on those sets of leg extensions, especially since I'm doing moderate weight, I wasn't really trying to launch the stack into the air or anything. I was feeling a lot of tear drop like that sort of big insertion right by your knee. Not so much like the outside of my quads. So it's a go back and forth between those two was really cool. Because I can feel the fibers on my like out of quiet really stretching. You know, it's like doing, I mean, it's almost like doing the tricep rope extensions, where you really go slow and get a full complete stretch at the bottom, rather than just bouncing around the top. So all that's to say is I think the leg extensions and those Sissy squats, are very nice complementary movements. Because the leg extension, very squeezing focused right on holding my legs up. That's the hard part. And then the Sissy squats complete stretch focus, where it's not hard to stand, but it is very hard to go down into a complete, oh yeah, it's not like a personal trainer, completely knee flexion based position. But yeah, those were nice. So that's going to, I mean, that's what quads are going to look like for a little while. No crazy force, no crazy leg press, that will basically be a good leg pump. It's a good quad activation, and then that's all. So if that's not your cup of tea, it's all right now. But that was good. So plan for tomorrow is chest. And I think I'm in for a treat with tomorrow's chest day. Morning weight update today, 233. And even just walking around, like I'm starting to feel pretty trim. And I've still got about six more pounds of body fat loss to go. That's kind of what I'm aiming for. You know, I still have, there's still like water and depletion and everything in peak week. The most part my goal is getting about 2 27 lean walking around fully hydrated. So that I'll be able to drop that extra 10 pounds of water in like sort of a depletion before getting all the oiled up. But at this rate, I'm just about on track, though it definitely feels slow. Slowed steady, but it started to feel pretty slow because I am really fighting the urge to just grow up. But that is the hard part. So it's every time I think about that, I try to tell myself, okay. It's supposed to be hard. That means it's good. Get real. Don't be a baby. Get grab a zero sugar gelocup and don't start just, you know, scarfing down peanut butter. That's kind of what I tell myself in my mind. So my kitchen is stocked right now. I've got basically everything I need in terms of my dieting tricks. Low carb tortillas, fat free or low fat powdered peanut butter, which when reconstituted with low sugar, I mean zero sugar, maple syrup. Absolutely awesome. Plus, when you combine that with the low carbs tortilla, the flour and the peanut proteins are kind of complimentary. So those actually sort of count as a complete protein. So I mean, I can have 40 grams of protein right there, sort of combined from two non-deticated protein sources. So, and then a bunch of organic, deli turkey. And I think you guys might actually be on something. When me and Mark went on our little Vegas trip, we stocked the hotel fridge with a bunch of regular deli turkey, like, you know, the Oscar Meyer, shitty brand, whatever. And eating a bunch of that from having only been eating like straight ground beef and eggs, I felt fun. I felt kind of weird. I felt freaking weird, more like, I don't think I've really been dropping too many F-bots. I mean, better than that. But I felt kind of off. So, yeah, I think, yeah, I don't like that. So, maybe I'm just extra sensitive to the scrappy food. Since all I've really been eating is pretty solid, healthy kind of whole foods. So, all the deli turkey I got was like the organic non-GMO, non-night trait, whatever. So I got a bunch of that. And then that would be perfect for some low-car tortilla, turkey sandwich wraps. And then just the standard egg whites was also that sort of thing. Actually, that's going to be the plan for tonight's meal, a bunch of egg whites and salsa that will do me pretty freaking well. So, really just ate more weeks of that. Yeah, but I'm cool with that. Actually, not ate more weeks when I'm saying it. Yeah, ate it. And then get back to bulking up. So, we've all set it. You know, it's, uh, I hear it all the time. It's like, dude, I'm going to start bulking up for real. I'm going to seriously lock in this bulking man or, I'm about to, I'm going to get shredded this summer. I'm going to get shredded this one. I'm going to, a lot of I'm going to. And now more than ever, especially end of the year, like I was saying in the car around the way here. A lot of those, like, you know, lock-in style TikToks, like the ideas are out there. They're floating around. The energy is apparent. But the amount of dudes who are actually going to take that energy, feed off of it, compress it to critical mass. Boom, I actually get the results that they want. Non-is-off. And I'm not, there's not one specific, um, like, trait or anything. That's keeping anybody specifically from locking themselves in, versus just doing the same shit day after day. But one thing that I think about that helps because I'm definitely big on, like, some of the, like, personal, like, psychology, like, thinking about why you think things. And, like, if something makes you really upset, try to understand, like, why you were upset and not just, you know, feel like, uh, basically uncontrollable to your own emotions. There's a, I think there's a lot of values in that. But, uh, I'm trying to force about to say. But, but one thing that I really do think about, at least every so often, like, I'm not thinking like this all the time. But, every so often, I think it does you get, is, like, are you ahead of, of today? Or, I guess, are you ahead of yesterday? Or, where you were a week ago, or two weeks ago? And it could be in any field, in any vector, in any, like, realm or specific point of progress, like, are you moving towards something? And, for me, since it's been locked into the bulk and up and cut and down for so long, no matter what my goal is at the time, I'm always headed toward something, which I think makes it really easy for me to kind of condense a lot of my, like, you know, energy into a physical outlet. Because in any given time during the year, I have a specific goal for that day, bulk up or cut and down, right, one of the other. But, if you don't have something like that, then I feel like you can be, well, that was good on there. Well, I feel like your days can get pretty aimless, you know, and what I mean by that is, like, the days are just going to pass. You know, they're going to blur into each other very quickly. And, you know, if you don't wake up and have something that you're excited to do, and that's like on your to do list, because you want to do it, then, you know, you're kind of just at the, the mercy of the universe, you know, like, it's kind of hard to explain. But, all that's to say is if you don't have something like that, where you can wake up in the morning excited about some portion of your day, and that you can go to bed and think to yourself, reflectively, like, okay, that was good. I feel good about what I did today. Then, I think you're missing out on a portion of your life that is, like, pretty powerful. And it doesn't have to be working out. Like, I think everybody should work out pretty consistently. Everybody should have a good grasp of, like, calories and what food actually does once it gets into your system. It just helps you, like, feel better in general to have a good grasp of that, like, in enough normal stuff, drinking of water, getting enough rest. Like, make sure you're circadian rhythm isn't, like, like, a, like, a dubstep, dubstep based drop-in terms of how wild it is. But, you know, everybody needs some kind of thing. And I think there's a barrier to entry because, you know, nobody wants to look weird. Like, nobody wants to, nobody wants to come off as, like, obsessive and really interested in something and passion. Because you can't really get to a point where, whatever you're doing is, like, a flex for quite a while. Like, if you knew somebody in high school who was, like, very artsy, always kind of sketchbooks, now things. Like, if they're still working on getting good at it, then, you know, all the effort isn't really being shown in the results that they're getting. Or, like, if you knew a high school man who was, like, just starting out. And they were, well, you could tell they were a beginner band. Sometimes that's kind of hard to, you know, feel good about if all of your sort of response towards what you're doing is kind of negative. So that's where you've got to have a little bit of an iron mind and not be so susceptible to any negative kind of external response to whatever you want to do. Because it's what you want to do. It's your life. It's your time that you could dispend doing, I mean, everybody's got a reasonable amount of free time per day. You can spend that doing whatever you want, you know, so I think that's the important part to think about. It's whatever you want. And the sooner you can get a good grasp on that, the better I feel. But, you know, I'm not your dad. I'm just a, just a lifter guy. So, playing for tonight, eat my ex-salsa meal. Go to bed early, wake up even earlier, and then get my hour of cardio at that. I, uh, sort of feel the hour of cardio for sure. These lifts are slightly more like not left, but maybe tiresome is a good word. And I'm not complaining, but I am making an observation that I can tell the energy levels are not the same as when I'm peak bolts. But that's just the major I get to lean. So, not stopping this train, and I will see you for tomorrow for what I hope to be. My freaky is just a yet. Exactly as predicted, 50 grams of protein worth of egg whites, a solid helping of a pre-chopped salad, which the point of that isn't the micro nutrients. I mean, you guys love telling me, say I'm more of the vegetables. There were no vegetables in this full day beating. Look, if you're eating a red meat and you take your multivitamin, I mean, I've simply got the proof. I don't have any deficiencies. But it does give the eggs much more body. So, you know, 50 grams of plain egg whites, not the most filling thing in the world. But 50 grams of protein worth of egg whites. But when you add some chopped salad, a little bit of fat free cheese on the top, plus some salsa in the middle, which I hope to be a very flippable omelet here. Then this should start, no kidding. Well, not exactly flippable. Either way, this is going to be pretty good, but I'm just going to have to scoop it onto the plate, damn. And even the rascal, well, he's on the opposite side of the spectrum. Now he's bulking up. He gets two tins of fancy feast. He was not a fan of the food canned food I was given them before, but he's scarfing this down. Do I leave this at the end of the video? Or just make this the start of tomorrow's? Now, we'll just leave it at the end. So, 50 grams of protein? Well, 50 grams of protein from the eggs, 25 grams of protein from the fat free cheese. That's five grams of carbs, one gram of fat from the fat free cheese. Because it says zero, but let's be real. There's probably still a little bit. So, that puts me at finishing macros, assuming this is all I eat. Which there's a strong potential I come back and sort of munch on some extra ground beef, so probably another 25 grams of protein. But my current intake so far, I'm going to be 13 grams of carbs, 41 grams of fats, 244 grams of protein. That is just about the limit. We're getting there. I'll actually do a little more protein. But meals like this are what most of my diet has been composed of. And that's bright zero is more than empty. It's been refilled with some electrolytes, sort of powders. But meals like this are kind of all up in grubmon on. You know, no treats. There's no crispy cream. There's no the emceitmentose crunch and whole milk and chocolate milk jugs in the fridge. And it's not because I'm suddenly thinking like, oh, he's fuzzing absolutely horrible for you. The problem is there's so packed with calories and so unfilling that it's just not conducive with what dieting even is. I get it's core component. I look at it in two ways. You got bulk in on this hand, dieting down on this hand. Now, bulking, I want to eat foods that have dense calories where I can eat like, you know, 800 calories per meal and be ready to eat that same meal again in two hours or, you know, two and a half hours, whatever. Like I want to eat a lot of food, but I don't want it to feel like I'm eating a lot of food, right? So I can keep ramping it up and push the envelope further over time. Diding down, complete, inverted opposite approach. I want to not eat a lot of food, but have it feel like I'm eating a lot of food. So that's the whole point of like the low-carter tears and, you know, adding in all the, like the lettuce makes in the egg whites and this also and everything else. It's essentially like filler, right? Like the calorie density of this meal is so much lower than a tub of bento jerrys. Like if I were to have a bento jerrys tub or like a bowl full of bento jerrys in here for the equivalent amount of calories, which let me just do the 300. I think this is like 450 calories right here. That wouldn't even be half of a tub of ice cream, even less. Only like a few spoonfuls or one big spoonful would be the same amount of calories as this whole meal. So not as flashy and certainly not hitting my taste buds in the same way. But this is gonna make me feel much more full for longer. And that's the name of the game. Because if I eat foods where I'm hungry 30 minutes after I just ate a meal, then in my eyes I just failed. That was a failure of a meal in a dieting context. Because as much as it is a mental thing of like, okay, I better, I gotta be serious, I gotta hold myself accountable, I gotta not overshoot my calorie intake. That doesn't mean I have to torture myself. And what I'm trying to say there is there are tricks to make it easier. You know, I didn't have my first meal till like two o'clock this evening because it's not too hard for me to wait until later in the day and you know, like just drink electrolytes and water and everything until I basically like break my fast, you know, breakfast at two and then my eating window begins. So there's just little tricks like that. And eating simpler meals like this, like conventional bodybuilders, time meals, that's the trick. So I'm gonna sit here and enjoy this, go to bed, and then I've got a damn hour cardio in the morning, which if you're planning your phone, you got some classroom-y-all games, you're going crazy. It doesn't feel that long, but I guess that's easier for me to say because I've been doing it for a little while. But either way, I will actually see it for just tomorrow.