Okay, I'm at war. I am at freaking war. Now, with a man or a country, but with a simple phenomenon of, well, I guess you could say, the body fat on my body that I'm trying to get off. But that might be the entity that's sort of putting up a fight. Oh, what I'm really feeling is the freaking hunger. I got a few weapons of my disposal. The cardio bike? That's helping me. The macro tracker app, I get on my phone. That's a pretty strong one as well. And kind of just dug into that, right, dealing. There's no way to get around it if you want to get leaner. That means you're going to be kind of hungry. You can make it easier in yourself by eating whole plain foods, low sugars so you don't only mess up your blood sugar and spike your insulin for no reason which is just going to make you hungry again 30 minutes freaking later. Now in a bulking context, I have a very different perception. Obviously, I'm not so concerned. It's sugar intake. Right, right? I should have leveraged it in terms of sort of pre-workout or post-workout kind of recovery. But right now, not so much, right now, not so much. So really, I just had one reasonably big kind of pre-workout meal. It was like a lunch about two and a half hours ago or so. And now I am ready for arms. That meal consisted of 50 grams of protein worth of egg whites mixed with, like a just sort of a chopped vegetable kind of salad pack. I throw all that into a little pot and put it on low heat and said the whole thing kind of cooks up together. And I got a couple of comments like the same way. You would cook, you know, cooked salad with eggs, what the hell? It's not that bad. It's frankly, it's pretty good. With two servings of fat-free mozzarella cheese mixed in at the end of the cooking process, once it's fully melted, some low sugar barbecue sauce, salsa, salt pepper, frankly freaking perfect. And then that was paired with a little bit later. Kind of, I guess you could say, separate meal more of a snack, maybe. A bowl of one container of some kind of Greek yogurt, strawberry, low fat. So two low fat low carbs, two grams of fat, four grams of carbs, 12 grams of protein, about 10 grams of carbs worth of frozen fruit. As well as some low sugar maple syrup, it's really kind of make it a bit of sweet treat. That's sweet calorie, smart treat, that is. I think the whole thing only ended up being about 100 something calories, which for a big bowl like that, that's pretty good deal. I feel pretty well fed, at least given the calories that I'm working with for the whole day. So I'm ready for arms, I'm ready for some try. A blue ratio. I'm going to buy some decimation to be finished off with a cheeky little 60 minutes on the seated bike. Nothing recovered by me, just the kind of regular one. So I think that's all I really get to say. And by just, I'm going to just jump straight to the action. I can tell, uh, sometimes the pre-gim talk is a little, I'm running out of things to say, just a touch. I think I'm really feeling the deficit before I get the pre-work out of the flon, through my veins. And the pump is actually finally complete. But no more jetting. Let's just get straight to arms. I've got a game plan. Two sets of a tricep movement. Two sets of a bicep movement. Two sets of a tricep movement. Back and forth. Back and forth. And maybe a tri-by super set has the finisher. And my logic there is the pump fleets, man. The pump is fleeting, especially, you know, actually let me just pull the real number. I'm not exactly sure how many. But I haven't had, you know, the old school typical 800 grams of carbs. 60 grams of carbs. Well, I want to say as soon as I get my triceps fully pumped, if I did a full bicep lift by the post down, tricep. We're a little bit depleted. So this might just be a little bit of a preference thing. But if I can finish an arm post down, I don't have to be fully pumped. Now, if I'm bolting it's a little different because, you know, you need to get going to do it. But let's start with some rope. Light, not the full stack. 67.5. Good squeeze. And then you go. Yeah. Just... Yeah. Yeah drank. sweating Let's grab some dumb balsh. Good boy! Yeah. Duh. Two more bowls of cake. Ok. Let's do some machine dips next. I think that'll be a good next phase. Oh, well, I had a lot of it's taken. Let's do something though. Not sure what. He's done. Let's go nuts. In a reasonable fashion course. Now you got some dears. You're not supposed to edit. It just won't work together. The other is my partner. Oh crap. Lightish, 25 and a 10. That's super good. Very control. I would not want to do nasty reps here. Just asking for freaking trouble. yes. 10. One more. We've my strength and durability is taking a hit today. Like these are good sets to finish. They're hitting the quick. I'm going to do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's stack plus a 25 or such inside. Straight set nothing fancy. Honestly, I wouldn't be surprised if I had to do these. All I feel the need for is one more set of eyes. Let's decide that. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Here's the plan. One more set of these push dance. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's go pose down. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next. Let's do some classic easy bar push dance next.