The hour of cardio this morning was a little bit treacherous and not even in just the actual execution of it. It's getting snowy man. I'm lucky I got the apartment gym because it wasn't for that then. Dude, depending on how I see the comments, I'm seeing a lot of guys where they're having to skip the gym because it's just, you know, the rain or the rain. Like the snow is just too rough to even make it. Depending on the day, of course, or like how soon they can actually get it plowed, but yeah. My P.M.E.V.S. interest, I've seen a couple of tags on the Instagram stories which make you smile, where guys pick up like a seated bike from, you know, like Craig's list or like Facebook Marketplace or something because dude, if you're a real freaking nut case, you can leave the cardio bike in your freaking bedroom if you got another room for it. And I guess what? One less excuse to skip your cardio and frankly, the least are the less number of excuses you can have to say, yeah, I don't really know if I should do my 30 today, the better, the freaking better. So, plan for today with arms. I've got, well, tries, buys. Not much in between potential for kind of a super-setted style workout, but we'll just have to see. I know try steps is probably going to start with some kind of squeezing sort of push-down, whether that ends up being rope, single arm, cross body, we'll have to see some dips and some overhead work. And I think I might need to do some pre-exhaust before the overhead, because whenever I do like overhead extensions with like a sort of W, like easy bar curl attachment, it ends up being a little bit too light. And then if I want to make it, like if I were to go any heavier, it's not really something I want to do because it'll just put too much tension on like my elbows, and it'll actually make it, make the movement feel pretty uncomfortable. So that's a perfect example of some kind of movement where I'd want to pre-exhaust with like maybe a set of dips or a set of like whatever kind of regular streak pushed down first. And then that weight which would be, you know, maybe a little bit on the lighter side when I'm fresh, now feels like perfect working weight because of pre-exhausted myself. But after tries are done, we want to buy it, simply enough curls of a couple of varieties, as well as I could definitely see some bicep bias pull down, those, those have been slept on. And I don't really see them done that much. They're kind of tricky. I would say they're on the same difficulty level of like doing a really good RDL, because it'd be very easy to use your lats and your forearms to pull down the bar. It's a little bit trickier to just strap in and completely relax, everything else, and only do most of the moving from your, you know, from your biceps. But I think worth throwing in if you can feel it, but if you try to do it, all you feel is your lats, then screw it, do you set up pre-chircolors or something? But, yeah, nothing too complicated. My primary goals are, don't hurt myself, go hard, finish the lift as pumped as possible. And really, for the lift, that's it. Those are the three that I'm aiming for. And afterwards, my goal is to just finish my 60 minutes of cardio as fast as possible, or at least make it feel like it goes by as fast as possible by playing on my phone, or watching suits or something. Then come home, have a big bowl of ground beef. I've got five pounds, actually, no, I've got six pounds in a, I'll cook to strain and sort of siphoned off from the fat with some paper towels. So I've got that waiting for me as my postwork at meal. And then that will hit the freaking spot. Especially combined with the big ass salad, salt, pepper, vinegar, no oil, obviously. And then try to go to bed with that again up and, you know, scarfing around for scraps. Because if you're on a wear and I've said this probably a million times now, so maybe I'm getting a little bit repetitive. But when it comes to the cheating under diet or the sticking to your diet, the tricky part isn't the beginning. You know, the tricky part isn't eight o'clock to noon. Everybody can be good until noon. It's once you get to that six, five o'clock range in the afternoon, getting towards like nine o'clock in night. You know, it's like it's time for bed. It's pretty easy to eat 500 calories worth of snacks in like three minutes just by walking around the pantry. Oh, I wouldn't mind some cheeses. Oh, I wouldn't mind a couple of pretzels. I'll have it as a handful. It's not that much. And then before you know it, dude, you just had 130 grams of carbs and 30 grams of fats. Your calorie deficit just got blown out of the water. You just ate at a mild surplus. You know, you've only got a only a few hundred calories separate somebody in a dieting phase versus in a bulking phase. So just something to keep in mind, right? If you were good all day, like you stuck to your limits, you tracked everything. Why ruin it, right, at the freaking 12th hour? You know, so that's something which I catch myself half in a think where I'm like, okay. I'll grab one sugar-free gelocup and then I'm going to bed. So having little diet friendly treats around also will ease your potential easier frustrations if you really just have to eat something. I can heal a mixture of carbs from one packet of a sugar-free gelo. But then enough chat and have that we just get in there and get this arm to start it. Two sets of sort of cross-body style slashes like this will be a perfect start. And I think that this arm day is going to be as such. Two sets of triceps, two sets of biceps repeated until my arms are completely pumped to SHIT. So let's start with a lightweight 22-and-a-a-pants and this will be very controlled because I want the squeeze to really have some move to it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One more. One not checking though, I see 27 and a half instead of 22. It's alright though. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Let's go keep the curl simple in the start. Just get some dumbbell going. The 65's too heavy. The 60's however, they're giving me a good look. So let's just get an ass you said that I'm going. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. One more. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Alright. Back to push dance. No dilly dallying. This is a reasonably fast-paced lift. So exactly what I was saying in the car. I'm going to pre-exhaust with like 10 or 15 sets of reps of push-downs. Then flip over into some overhead sort of work. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One more. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Let's go do some easy bar curls. So I think that 110 pound easy bar will be perfect for this first set. And I don't mind if I do a little bit of swinging a body language. Next one I'll do a bit lighter with like a second hole in the slow stretch. Just as a good little bit of like a yin and yang sort of style. Oh, it's a let's roll up the sleeve for dramatic effect. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's drop the weight for the next one. Yeah. Yeah. Back to try steps. Not sure what movement though. Straight slightly heavier set of push-downs. Nothing fancy. Just a good old fashioned set to failure. With a slightly better song. Yeah. Good enough. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Same weight, same everything. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Let's say right here. I got to grab a block to sit on, but let's just do some seated easy bar curls. Later than this though. I've got much more pressing strength than I do curly strength. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One more. Except this set is going to be a little different. Let me grab a different handle. This is going to start a little lighter. 80 instead of 95 like the last one. And then using a straight bar. So the difference primarily is going to be the fact that instead of having my wrists at this angle kind of Cambridge in towards each other, which feels pretty natural. Now I'm going to have my hands parallel, right? Because I'm holding onto a freaking straight bar. So what that's going to do is one potentially put some more attention on your wrists and your elbows and kind of like this whole joint which obviously be careful. Obviously, you know, don't do something that hurts, right? But it does have the added advantage of having much less forearm activation. Because let's say you wanted to work your forearms in a curl. What are you going to do? So you're going to have your hands turned all the way into here. Because that's how this muscle wants to work. So in the opposite fashion, if I want minimal forearm activation, or what is this? You're breaking your, you know, break your radialis to get specific. But if I want minimal of that maximum bicep activation, you think, okay, I better turn my arms all the way out like this. And that's what doing a straight bar curl would do. But definitely be mindful. You know, it does put a little more tension on certain parts of your, your build. Because it's just not the most natural movement. So be advised that a little bit of discretion. Okay. Okay. Let's have a look at the tricep bicep superset. And that'll be it. I'm basically done, but I can tell I've got a little room for some more blood. So the plan is going to be straight bar push down 10 reps immediately. Put this up to the maximum height sit down bicep bicep pull down 10 reps. And then simply repeat until failure. Or at least maximum pumpage those two are kind of equivalent in terms of my goal for this set. There we go. Oh, you're good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I started to use a little bit of latinous pull that. But now I'm still done. Let's go post down. All right. So seven total working sets for both tricep and bicep and frankly. Well, I don't have to tell you how I feel. You know exactly what word I was about to use to describe how this lift feels. But I'll say it anyway. I'm freaking pumped. Oh, with an mental and a physical freaking way. So let's just try and through some classic poses here. And then I get to get myself amped up for cardio. So no point in dilly dally too long. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my goodness. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I'm even just freaking holding those poses. Oh, yeah. A superseted cell arm day ended up being a very good idea. Yeah. My left try set definitely has the advantage when it comes to potential Story Asians over these next few weeks as a get leaner. But I mean, Holy crap. This is a good lift. So now I got to finish off with a little bit of extra work. But you know when you're sitting in your phone, it's going around the cardio doesn't feel that bad. I mean, come on, let's be honest. I know you can kill an hour like that on Instagram, Reels. What's stopping you from doing on the cardio bike? But no more cardio propaganda. I'll see you in the car. Okay. Oh, some time has freaking passed. Whoops. A little bit of blind exit here. Let's try that. Turn out to back in anybody. There we go. So yeah, after arms, camps out in the seated bike, I was aiming for the full hour, but nature called. So had a little bathroom break at 3730. And then I finished with another 30 minutes on the treadmill. So I feel good. Well, holy crap, man. I already strived and crazy in here tonight. But after that hour cardio, I sat down on the turf section of that gym and kind of just stretched out. A lot of just turn out some YouTube videos, especially just seated like straddle style stretches, where you can lean over, touch your toes, things like that. So my legs feel nice and loose. They, yeah, I gotta start doing that a little bit more frequently. Keep my, keep my limberness. But other than that, I'm ready to go home and eat. Or I guess it might be more accurate to say, I'm ready to go home and not eat. I do not have a ton of room for calories tonight. But that's all right. I can handle it. And I kind of, this is why I pay the price for eating a bit more food earlier, pre-workout. I don't have as many calories as spare postwork out. But if you tell yourself you're going to do a calorie deficit, that shouldn't just be a random kind of phrase, that should mean something, you know? So, I proved to yourself you can handle it. Go to bed with only some ground beef and some lettuce with some sugar-free, G-HU's barbecue sauce. I'm taking your advice. I keep referencing the sweet baby rays, a little sugar. And you guys are hyping up to G-HU's a lot. It's all right. The macros are definitely better. Two grams of carbs per 30 grams, compared to the four grams in the sweet baby rays. So, I get to put more sauce for the same amount of carbs, which is good. Flavor-wise, it's a little, I don't know, it's a little different. It's a little sweeter, not a smoky, but it's still pretty good. So, that's going to be the condiment of choice for the ground beef tonight. I got a, I got three pounds of top-round steaks that I think I'm going to cube up and then actually know. Now, I won't cube those up. I think I'll just do those as steaks in the sous-vis. Split them up in eight ounce, eight ounce kind of cuts, and then just have those individually. It's, uh, feel like it's a little nicer in the steaks, actually, like, cut up rather than just sort of pre-chopped. Because if you're doing that, then why not just eat ground beef, save yourself the chore. So, either way, I've been, um, after the last full day of eating, that was like, 1900 calories. Or, no, I think I had my goal at 1850 or something? No. Right now, I'm kind of bouncing right around 2000. Like last night, it went a little over, I had like, 2006, and then obviously that full day of eating was like 1950. So, right around that 2000 mark with the two hours of cardio, that's kind of the sweet spot for now. And then over the next couple of weeks, that's going to have to drop a little bit. I can, uh, I can almost guarantee. So, let's, uh, let's just enjoy it while it lasts. But now all I gotta do is make sure that I go home, get a good night's rest, because I've got a leg day tomorrow. And I'm not exactly sure how I want to do it. Because, hmm, ugh. Part of me kind of likes doing the lift first, like, in the morning, and then following that with an hour cardio, and then just having an hour of cardio session at night. Uh, that's what I did yesterday with back. But I don't know, with the legs, I mean, what am I supposed to do? Cardio after legs, then I'm just stressing myself out, you know? So, I'll try to find some kind of happy medium, I'll think about it tomorrow. But I don't want to do like the most stringent hour of cardio, after the leg workout, you know? Because obviously, I just worked my legs. I don't want to stress them out extra with that cardio, because obviously the cardio is going to be leg-based. So, maybe I'll just beef up the morning cardio, do a little bit more than the hour, and then save folks work at cardio from legs for maybe a little bit after the workout after I've had a meal, and then have that be a little more relaxed, just like some treadmill action. But you have definitely been clocking more hours of cardio than I ever have in my freaking life. So, I think over the course of these next couple of weeks, as I get leaner and leaner and leaner, it's really going to kind of show off. I, uh, I've never seen my butt so small, you know? For, for anybody who's unaware as a lifter, at least as a guy lifter, you have a pretty classic fat distribution. Most guys are going to get it in there. Legs, actually, you know, not really even there. Usually stomach, sides lower back and butt. Those are the main spots for most dudes. So, it's like me sitting doing like a side chest pose, fully bulte. I'm sitting here thinking, man, I do not need any more creaking glute work. But now, from a side profile, I'm like, holy crap. I'm not talking Hank Hill mode or anything like that. But we're definitely getting somewhere. And I'm not at the level of glute striations yet. That's going to be a while. But closer than I've ever been for sure, because I can actually, like, see much more separation of like hamstring and quad and glute tie in, yeah, I'm getting freaky and excited. And every little milestone like that is getting me more pumped to keep pushing it, you know? Because I have numerical, just legit proof. That what I'm doing is working, and it's putting me into places I've never been before. So, it kind of sucks if you've got to make a serious fat loss transformation. Like, let's say you're goals to like lose 50 pounds this year. It sucks in the beginning because even if you lose 10 pounds or even, well, more like five pounds in that first, however long it takes you, that's only a 10% change. So it's not the most noticeable. So it's kind of like, I'm definitely not saying it's easy. It really isn't. So you get to really have a bit of an iron mind at the beginning because you've got to be able to accept the fact that the work that you're putting in, all the cardio, all the calories, all the everything, you're not going to see those results and the benefits and be able to actually enjoy them until, you know, months and months and advance and the whole time you still got to keep putting up that upfront work of cardio, calorie counting, everything else. But once you've gone through that, you've gone through that process enough consistently to the point where you've actually like noticed results like holy crap. These pants don't fit me anymore. These are 40, fours are way too free and big now. I gotta get some 40s or whatever kind of thing like that. That is always going to be, I would say probably some of the strongest motivating factors because now it's shown you that the work that you're doing isn't just, you know, random toiling like, oh, this is just hard. I would, you actually see what that work is giving. So, I mean, that's why I thought process at least. I mean, the first time you get a bicep vein, the first time you hit 225, the first time you do any kind of milestone, something like that. Even if it's not something that's, you know, mainstream, like obviously hitting 225 for the first time, that's pretty classic. See, in your first bicep vein, that's pretty classic. But any milestone for you that has like a legitimate, strong value and like importance where you say holy crap. I mean, it doesn't matter how small it is, achieving a milestone like that is always basically going to give you the same dopamine response and sort of feel good reaction of like I did it, no matter how far along you are. I mean, if you were to put a, like, a, neural kind of analyzing pat, sort of pat on my head like, with all of the, like, the little scanners and transmitters or whatever, and it could somehow like analyze and pump out a number of like, how satisfied I was me as like 160 pounder, looking at my first chest bump where I could tell I was a little bit bigger than normal. The deer running around. Probably the exact same level of satisfaction that I get now from seeing myself with a gash dang 234, 233-ish pound chest pump. This, you know, this freaking far ahead, like it's, you know, little things like that don't change because all it is is a boost in kind of a bump from your baseline state. So even if that milestone is holy crap, I went to the gym five days this week. I've never done that before. That is freaking awesome because that's new ground breaking into new territory is always going to be exciting and freaking, you know, hyped up motivated because to do something you've never done before is now simply proving that you can do it and it makes it that much easier to push it even further to something that you've never done before. Now, right? So that same guy who's like holy crap, I went to the gym five days this week. It doesn't even, doesn't even matter what the workouts were, how intense they were, what kind of weight progress he made. He's like, dude, I've never done that. I've only got, I've only got like once every couple. Then one month later, the guy's a holy crap. I went to the gym six days a week, this whole month, right? So every time you push it like that, every time you're reaching a new ground, your baseline level of what is normal, like an effort, consistency, you know, sort of locked in kind of dialed sort of nature, it raises. So that's kind of the whole point of the work and out in general. It's over time you should become better at it, right? It's as though you're rolling a freaking boulder and in the beginning, it's pretty rough. It's very kind of triangular and sharp and whatever else. And every time you hit it, every time you kind of shape this thing, it gets rounder and rounder and rounder and it gets easier and easier to roll. You know, so there is a compounding interest and benefit that you get from constantly pushing it, but that requires that you constantly push it, even when you don't actually see the results that you're working for. Because with working out, I mean, we've heard this phrase set a million times. One workout will change your build zero freaking percent. Absolutely nothing noticeable in terms of visually like how you look. One workout, I even saying it was a drop in the bucket might be an overstatement. But a hundred workouts, a hundred workouts, a thousand workouts, two thousand workouts. I think I'm at a, so it's been about six and a half years now. So six and a half times three serve. Well, I'm in like the 24 hundred range ish because I don't take too many rest days. So let's, let's just say, I can't do the math right now. I don't know. But either way, I'm past the 2000 workout mark. Dude, right? It's, I mean, it takes a while, but that time is going to pass anyway. So, you know, if you've got some time to spare, if you've got an extra hour and a half per day, or you can add that sort of thing into your routine, like you don't have to be lifting for a freaking, to hours straight, you know, this isn't, that's, I mean, even the, even the general consensus among fitness is, like dude, you can get a good lift in 30 minutes and roll. Like, it's simply, it's simply a situation of, do you want to do it? And, for my perspective, having done it, and having that sort of, like, switch flipped in my mind, where I'm a serious, mean head, gym rat. I would say yes. I would say yes. It's going to be worth it to do your daily cardio and your workouts and track all your mac rows and get the gist of like body recomposition and bulking it and cutting everything else. But of course, I'm a little bit biased because I, I, I love this whole sort of process. Everything that comes along with it. But, you know, do it that way, you will. If you got that little itch, if you got that little interest of like, and it doesn't even have to be an insane ambition, just something like, you know, it would be cool to get an workout, I think that'd be good. I think that'd be kind of fun, you know, so, some of my friends from, from school or workwood, whatever they're always talking about when they go to work out at the same gym, they don't do the same workout, it's like they don't work out together, but they just go at the same time. I think that'd be kind of cool. That is all it takes. That is all it takes. Just one little smoldering little ash, little ember, and if you give it some breath, you give it some fuel. Dude, gosh, dang, inferno. That takes a while, but you can't even say it. So, all that's to say is, I'm, well, there's no chance I'm skipping my cardio for these next couple of weeks. So, playing for, playing for tomorrow with legs, pump them up as much as possible. I think I'm going to buzz them soon. I think I'm going to buzz the legs and the arms soon, yesh. That kind of gives you a little bit of an instant buff in terms of your legs, striations and separation, because having hairy legs sort of takes away from your, like, sharpness. So, I'll keep you updated if I am up doing that. It kind of seems like it kind of seems like it will take a while though, maybe I'll save that for later. But either way, last note, I would recommend you start doing your cardio, but, you know, I'm going to say that forever, take a take with that would you will. And I will see you for what I hope to be. A frically pumped leg day tomorrow with new veins, striations, cuts and everything else in between. So, hopefully you had a good lift. You're going to have a good lift, or if you're watching this middle lift, put the freaking phone down, do your next set man, but come on and get people waiting for you. So, I'll see you tomorrow.