Now it's official. It is a gosh dang winter freaking wonderland. So I can almost guarantee. Well, I don't know, it's not that bad. Honestly, snow in Ohio, people pretty much know what they're doing. They're not just spilling out at the first hint of slickness. But I've definitely gone through some highway interactions where like every mile you'd basically see either one car on its own who just kind of spun out and was off on the side or sometimes even ever seen a real pile up. But it's in will happen. So hopefully the weather does not encumber any of us to the point that transport to the gym becomes impossible. Because that's just a pure shame. So it's I guess that's kind of up to you. Right? It's like, what are you driving skills like? Do you think you're going to be able to make it? Are you rocking something that's four wheel drive? You know, it's like if you're in a damn highlander with some shredded kind of lifted truck style wheels and maybe you're cool. But even just coming out of the park and that earlier sometimes the camera has a tendency to just sort of spin its wheels and not really get anywhere. So I got to be a little conscious about that. But I'm never going to be at a total loss because I got a part of a gym. It's kind of scrappy like it's nothing like a real hard core or whatever. But cables, luggage extension, chest press, leg curl, back machine, everything I could need for just some basic kind of workouts. So that's where having a home gym or at least something like right next to where you live is a total hack because I mean, you never know what happened. But in terms of today's lift with legs, I was actually planning on leaving for the gym a little bit later in the day. But then I'm sitting screw on Instagram and I hear there's a post with, I think it's a two-world collide. I don't know, some kind of some kind of like just hype rocky style song that was getting me excited. So a little bit of an earlier lift than I had it intentionally or I guess originally planned. And I'm good with that. I am good with that. Because the later I left the later I got to have my post workout meal, the hungry I'm going to be right before bed. And then the trick here, it's going to be for me to stick to my calorie deficit. There's one sort of overarching kind of hack trick, whatever that I'm using to make sure I don't go over. And that is basically just saving my eating window for later in the day. Because it's not that hard for me to wait until one o'clock to, you know, basically crack the seal, start eating. Because I already haven't eaten yet. So actually breaking my fast breakfast meal number one, saving it for a little bit later, not that hard. The problem is once I start eating, it's almost like okay now I'm feeling extra hungry, you know. So I got to be a little, not a little, I got to be very mindful about my, um, um, uh, about my meal sizes in my meal timing. So far I've had about 500 something calories. I think about 70 ish of protein, 15 or 18 of fats or so. And then about 35 of carbs. So that's less than, like, one, uh, what's it called? What's like the classic McDonald sandwich, like the big one? Is that less than a big Mac? I feel like a big Mac is like 600 calories. Well, either way, not a lot. That is kind of the whole free-go-poor. So hour of cardio done in the morning, nothing too crazy. Just seated by for 30 minutes and then 30 minutes on the, um, the treadmill. Three miles per hour, three and a half percent in claim. Just as an extension of my elevated heart rate window, which is kind of the whole point of the cardio, if not basically the point. But yeah, so it's been about, yeah, it's been a while. I did that in nine. It's 430. So I'm completely recovered from that cardio. Like I'm not feeling the residual fatigue in my legs from having done that earlier, which means I have no reason to hold back. I'm going as crazy as possible, or at least, you know, for my current state on the hands, add doctors, quote, a catch. And apart from just deficit fatigueness, I haven't drank my pre-work again. I'm saving that for kind of right when I walk in the door, because legs is a bit of a lengthier lift form. So I kind of want to extend the window of my caffeination, or at least delay it until mid-ish lifts, right? Want to get into quads. Because hamstrings, I don't really have a problem with unstimulate. If I just had a hamstring day, I would just do a non-stimpreach, because it's like I don't even, I just don't even need the caffeine form. But with quads, that's where I start to feel. So if I drink the pre as a walk in inner after I park, by the time I've walked in, warmed up, put all my stuff down, got ready, have done a couple of set of hamstrings, and then I will have basically started to get the sort of, what is it, nor up of headtrain, effect of the caffeine, whatever it kind of breaks down into that gives you that sort of energy boosts per se. By the time quads is beginning, that's when it also kind of kick in. And that's something that I think not as many people think about as they should, because it's like, okay, I'm doing chest. I'm watching, or I'm watching a guy do chest or something, you know, just as an example. And I watch him finish, like he just basically drinks his pre, ten minutes before his first working set. Like, or he's drinking it as he's warming up. And then it's like, dude, you only just consume it. Like if there was bait aligning in there, you can't even feel it working, you haven't digested it. It's just sitting in your stomach. It's not even, you know, actually reaching sort of peak, would've be peak blood concentration levels, or like peak nitric oxide, vasodilation, whatever else. Like it takes a little while for that sort of thing to kick in. So if that's one little tip I haven't said for a while, it's been, I'd say aimed for about 30 minutes before the working set that you want to really be in the zone for in terms of the pre-workout time. And use that with an ample amount of water. I mean, I don't usually have like a full liter, which is one scoop. It's, I think that's just about like double the recommended amount of water. Like usually it says eight to ten ounces. I say go up, or at least if you don't want to have like a diluted drink, just drink an extra liter. Because the whole point of your pump, it's not just like magically inflating whatever muscle you're working. Like your 70% freaking water, man. And your pump, I'd say, is even more than 70% water. I'd say it's getting in probably the 85% rate. Just not just pure blood. So if you get a big extra sort of, what you say, just intake of fluids, I can guarantee it will have a positive reaction, or at least a positive effect on how well your lift goes. But either way, I'm going to get in the zone, get rid of the start of this leg day. And hopefully see some new vein striations, cuts and everything else that I have not seen in the lift's prior, which over the course of the next few weeks should begin to get even more and more pronounced, which is basically my primary motivation for making sure I don't just stop a cheat and get two ben and jerrys and just go completely freaking wild. Because that is simply not in line with the goal, so that I want to achieve. And it's easier to set the down for sure, because I've definitely got a bit of a sweet tooth, which is kind of starting to want to act up since I've been depriving it. But I can handle it. I can handle it. In no ways that it can point. So I think that's all I got to say. This is going to get this leg day started. Let's start with just a basic heavy set of double of laying curls. No fancy hold, no fancy tampon or fancy nothing. Just as many reps as I can do at a moderate tempo. But I think after a few sets of this, I'll probably just seal the finish table RDLs and that'll be the end of it. I got one that's lighter, but let's run that back. Probably two more just like that. 170 feels much more doable than 190. One more little lighter, and then let's give it some cable, whatever you want. I might not need two sets already else, and it'll be yeah. It's going to be the happenment and the real portion that lifts starts. I have just been made unfortunately aware that that two free motion arm cable is broken. Somebody snapped the handle off of one side, and it wasn't even me this time. So instead, dumbbell RDLs will suffice. Not every hit come off. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. One more though, as I think will be good. And I am trying my damn to keep my lower back reasonably straight. Like, and I can catch me doing like this. But for what I can tell, a little bit of bend isn't the end of the world, but I guess maybe some fitness advice is sort of my take on the matter. But I am trying to keep it straighter. Because I want to hinge up my hips. Like, I want to feel my hips rotate forward so that my hamstrings get a little bit of an extra stretch. I'm just going to be as good as I can. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. That's enough hamstrings. That's a good one, started. Instead of five and the left five and the right five and the right. Let's just do these first couple. And there's a reason I want to do this side first. This quad is a little bit on the slimmer side than my right one. I think part of it is could just be a muscal insertion muscal muscal muscal muscular insertion type situation, but like my upper corner over here if you can imagine like this chunk of quad is a little slimmer than up here. And it could be to do the fact that I'm like right leg to the basics and all the diving stuff. I was always jumping off over this one, not this one, but. Others say is this one's a little bit behind. Mass works. So I want to hit failure on the left side and then just mash the reps on the right. So if I keep it next to five here, I'm going to call it like 15 15 was failure on this set. And I stand by that pretty strongly about trying to work on any balance. If you're right by step as bigger than the left one. Don't just train the left one extra. Just train the left side first with some isolated side movements and then match reps to the strong side. And if you're really worried about like all my left lad is a little. This stuff is just going to balance out over time. So trying to distress too bad and just keep your intensity up. Alright. Alright. Oh, a few more just like that. Oh, actually go even just in touch heavier. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, okay. One more. The lighter too. Only one thirty instead of one seventy five. Oh. Alright. Now let's do some ligate extensions. I'm going to do some ligate extensions. Now my plan for this too is slow long hold of the squeeze leg extensions double leg. And this is just purely acting as a pre exhaust jump behind me hold out of the machine for support and then do some deep stretch since it's quads. Oh, yeah. One more. Oh my god. Oh. Oh. Okay. Alright. Let's go see her quad and hamstring pop this. Alright. So that makes portion A the main course the lifts complete hamstrings and quads. I'm not done yet. I'm still going to go up there and camp out on the seated calf raise and the ad dr. machine. But that's pretty self-explanatory. I mean, all that is is just freaking pop in a squat and really just kind of doing the sets. Especially the the ad dr machine like it doesn't. I'm not getting myself amped up for a set of ad drs to complete you know, growing obliteration. That's kind of just not the nature of the movement. But I would certainly recommend that you add them to your routine if you're not currently because having a strong set of ad drs this whole inner chunk of everything is going to play into the rest of your lift. Very well. My squats feel much more stable because I'm not so prone to this like lateral side to side like stilliness because my ad drs is strong and I don't pull things as much. You know, so I couldn't recommend it enough sit down heavy. You can go you know, however many sets. I'll probably do like six, but even just standing. Let's see how quads are looking. Okay, this might. Oh, that might be the freakyest that this quad has looked pumped at least in terms of actual like muscular grain. I'm going to do a little breath hold and do one more quad stop. Oh goodness. And this side has a touch. A little more on this tier drop portion like I can feel a couple. Instestations which will be the begin to sort of show themselves as I get a bit leaner, but I am feeling pretty good about this. And this is pumped. So mind you try steps and quads especially. With a pump obviously you're a little bigger. You might be a little extra. Vaney. But you lose some like detail. Because if you imagine my quads is like a big balloon. You know, if you take them in flu, like a balloon that's meant to be square. And you over and flate it you keep pumping eventually it's just going to get round. And you're going to lose all that detail. So same thing with your quads and a touch or in a way. Because it's like sure they're extra big. They're a little bit larger than normal, but they're not as cut up and freaky. Like as grainy as this portion of my left quad looks. It's actually freaky or unpumped because all these individual Strations and grains can show themselves off a little more clearly in an unpumped state. But let's see how the sort of side chest poses looking. And so we're going to go to the next step. We're getting somewhere. We are most certainly getting somewhere. But for you, let's get in the car. For me, I'm going back upstairs to pump out some ad, Dr. and calf work. Probably six or so sets each just enough to get a reasonable pump. And then post lift cardio. That's still going on, but I'm going to eat a meal first. Because I don't really think it's in my best interest to have now totally Thrasch my quads and then burn them out on the cardio bike and the treadmill. At least without a meal in between. So that'll be my plan for after. My post meal workout. But for you, let's get back in the camera. There we go. Wow. Lift completes. Legs destroyed. I did eight sets of the stack on the ad doctor machine for 15 reps each set. And those sets were not so failure, but my ad doctors were definitely starting to feel some fatigue during the last few reps of each. So more than solid ad doctor isolation work. And I'm definitely going to feel those in the morning tomorrow. They even got a little bit of work with those dumbbell articles. So I'm a little bit less prone to like. Artials on the Smith machine or like with a barbell now. Because I have to have my hands. Like, you know, together in front of my shins. Because I've got a metal bar connecting them. Obviously, my hands can't go past my shins. Right. But with the dumbbells, I can kind of ride the front of my shins down the bottom and have the weight a little more close to like. Where my center of mass is on my feet. Either, well, just having the weight a little closer to my legs. I can tell feels a little bit better. That's why I like the cable already. Which as well as something about the strength curve of the cables too. But obviously, one of the cables is busted so no cable for me. But dumbbells are definitely a close second. And I'm getting better at feeling my hips like rotate inward. Or I guess forward more like during those Artials. But I could tell on that second set, especially with the sideways angle. I went back and looked. And this is one benefit of recording all these sets. Back and like see little changes. I could tell I was starting to have some form breakdown and some extra roundness of my lower back. Not to the point of like injury or danger, but definitely to the point of lower back activation. Which I don't want to do an hamstring movement, you know. But that was a pretty solid, pretty solid lift overall. Hamstrings hit well. Some heavy stuff and some slightly lighter squeezing work with those Artials. And then the leg extensions into those Sissy squats. Those were really nasty. I meant to say it before, but I was kind of like in the middle of it. There is something about the Sissy squats. Some kind of factor that actually improves the feeling that I get from them. When I already have a quad pump. Because at the bottom it's like I really am just basically bouncing my entire body weight through the tension. It's been built up in my quads. So it's almost like, It's kind of, I don't even know how I get explained. Well, just the sort of increased tension in that stretch position. From already having pumped up quads. Kind of gives me a little bit of like an advantage in the bottom. Where it doesn't feel like I'm just bottoming out. And then I have to force the weight back up. It really does feel like I'm just bouncing through my quads in like a, like a spring kind of style. So it's definitely kind of tricky. And with those I would advise be on the side of caution. Here on the side of caution, me-wise. Because that is a lot of tension really just going straight through your knees. I like any time I've had a sore knee or something or like I bumped it really hard on a corner. Or I tried a couple months ago. I did a, I was jumping off like a little pier. Like not high. It was like maybe a five foot, I don't even, like four foot drop to the water. But I do like a one leg at gainer. And of course, I'm not used to any impacts at all. I do like slow kind of workout-based training, you know, nothing athletic. So I had like, I gave myself a little chunk of like, Ozgood slotters where like my patello was a little bit tender in one spot. So like anytime something like that happens, I'm not going to be doing anything crazy. I like the, those Sissy squads because it's going to hurt my knees, right? But as long as everything's in working water, I really do like those. So those are going to be kind of a staple right now because workload-wise, quads are not really getting hit with as much weight as they would be in a bulking context. Because what I'm trying to do is maintain the quad size that I've already built. You know, it's not, it's not really conducive with muscle maintenance and injury prevention. It's a try to squat as much weight as possible right now. Even for like a legit set of, you know, eight. So I'm kind of curbing my ego and just back and off to some more kind of isolated hamstring and quad work. But that's probably good for me. Every so often, I'm not every so often, but every time I squat real heavy for long enough or I'm doing really heavy pressing, usually some kind of tweak starts to make itself apparent. Whether it's like my adductor or like a part of my quad or my knee or something. So I do need to have a little bit more of a detector or a sensitive kind of sense just for any time. I start to tweak something. Because there's nothing wrong with giving yourself a tweak. There's nothing wrong with having something to feel out of place or like, oh crap, my my shoulders really, oh like maybe you did something like, I'm not talking like an injury event. I just mean like, oh yeah, my shoulders been bothering me. Absolutely nothing wrong with that. That's just going to come with training. Now where you can actually turn that into a mistake is by not acting accordingly and saying, okay, my shoulder feels a little weird today. Like not even hurting, but like I'm warming up, I'm doing my push downs and my rotated cuff work before I start chest. My shoulder feels a little weird. Maybe I shouldn't try to bench as much as I ever have. Maybe that would be a bad idea. Maybe I should be a little more conservative with the weight, do some lighter squeezing stuff today. That is what the smarter lift it would do. And that's what I'm trying to get better at. My rate of injury has decreased dramatically. I kind of wish I had like a like a note pattern or something. I just like a note to my phone or every time I like pull my hamstring or pull my chest or tweaked my knee or did something else something weird that I would write it down because I have not had much of that over the last few months. We just get and not gone freaking wood. I'm not asking for any trouble there. But I think that's just reflective in that one of my newer priorities, which is definitely taken. It's up there. It's top tier priorities is not hurting myself. Because if I want to take steps forward, what's the exact opposite of what that goal is? Right? Taking steps back tweaking your stuff. So, oh, that's to say is right. As much as you should be full throttling your intensity or at least getting up to that 90% range on the regular. Keep in mind like a gay. You got to come back and lift tomorrow. Because a 315 single really seemed like it's worth it today. You should hold a few little weird just because all your boys are you know, hype and you up. Doesn't mean you need to completely obliterate your rotator cuff. Like, what's a good example? Well, like somebody who obliterated their rotator cuff. Right? So, just try to keep that in mind. And it's often easier said than done. That's where I really feel like the 10 rep PR deserves more praise. Like, I want the 10 rep PR to get some forefront action in terms of like, you know, impressiveness. Because really one rep max, I mean, I want to say who cares. But obviously we know who cares. One rep max is a cool. It's a crazy man away, whatever. It's not really, you know, that's not normal life. That's not something you do on the regular. Like, everybody's one rep max. I'd say 70% of the time isn't even what their current one rep max is. I mean, technically, I could say my one rep max is 450. Because I did 450 on flat bench ones. And my butt came off the bench because this was a couple of years ago. It was a little scrappy or as a lifter. And, well, let's just say I would not want to get under 450 pounds right now on flat bench. You know, so it's like just try to think in the long term. You know, is it going to be better for you to crumple yourself under five plates on a barbell squat with the safety's barely at like a non-lethal level? And then, you know, have me try to spot it for a TikTok video, which unfortunately, real story. And there were two attempts. Both, well, that weight looked like it was going down and not up both. But I'll try to get out there is, don't hurt yourself. I think that's a pretty well understood and easily acceptable tip. But, you know, sometimes everybody's got it here. And it takes a little while to kind of ingrain those sort of ideas. I mean, me as a lifter now versus even just two years ago. I've got some very different thoughts on the matter of basically all sorts of stuff working out wise. And I can guarantee that two years from now, probably even less, even just a year. Well, let's say two, I'm going to have some very different thoughts than what I have right now. And that's totally cool. I mean, that's kind of the idea, right? As new information emerges, you should be getting smarter. And you should be kind of developing different opinions and different approaches you're training. And not even that, but after another two years of training, even if you do the same workouts, you should now be a totally new guy because you just came out of two extra years of training. So all sorts of variables are changing all the time. So to approach working out with like a die hard mindset, I train like this. And I do it like this. And I have to eat like this. And if you say anything else, you're wrong. And I'm going to go back and forth with you. And that in this Instagram thread for about 30 minutes and explain to you why you're wrong. Like, can I think that's how the box, you know, don't be so confined to whatever random as I did you got right now. Because the guy who's convinced is that he's right. Long term. And when I think we all know the deal with that sort of situation there. But I'm trying not to follow the sleep. I don't know if I post through that real. So I, uh, crap. I think it might have been my last bag of steamed broccoli and cauliflower. Well, let's just hope I have one more bag of that, which is seven grams worth of carbs. And reasonably filling is it's like, you know, it's a full bowl of vegetables. That paired with eight ounces of ground turkey, 28 grams of fat-free cheddar cheese, macros being two grams of carbs, nine grams of protein, some sugar-free ketchup, a little bit of salt and pepper. And then I will go down and get my cardio started. So a lot of cardio right now. Cardio is, uh, yeah, crap. Part from eating or apart from sleeping. Cardio is the thing that I'm doing the most. Uh, a little more, a little more to go. But I think that's all I got there. So I'm excited for a chest day tomorrow, a little bit cooler on the free scale. So let's just hope I've got some new veins and striations. I'll see you then.