There we go. Yeah, got the intro back. One of the old school too. I got a little desk top-sized CRT. Then I kind of put that on and then I re-recorded it. I felt kinda cool when I said I'm getting finished. But what I was about to say was kind of distracting me is it looks like the traffic is insane. There's cars lined up for quite a while. Luckily enough for me though, they're headed that way. I'm about to turn this way. It looks like traffic is flowing. That way quite smoothly. So lucky for me. This leg day will not be delayed any further than normal. I should have finished this earlier, but what are you gonna do? My basic plan of attack. Hamstrings first likely seated curls potentially start with laying curls. Then my great over to what I believe to be the Smith machine for some RdLs, not too heavy, not too light, just the sweet spot of strength where I can feel my hamstrings getting worked. I'm not too much to blitz and lower back. I want to work those primary hip hinders, not my secondary glutes and lower back side of things. Then what hamstrings are cooked? Move out of quads. Quads really is gonna be a medley of leg extensions. Probably some heavy nasty ones, just a straight dirty set. Then maybe some slow squeezing ones. Like lengthier, more intensive. Maybe some kind of back and forths of long squeezing and some kind of fast nasty ones. I can guarantee that there will be some sissy squats as well. Sissy squats primarily being the ender. Those sissy squats are freaking sweet. I cannot overstay that there is something about doing those bodyweight self-assisted. Holy crap. That is miles upon miles of cars. But yeah, so I can't overstay the sort of stretch that I get to feel at the bottom of the sissy squats. But only once I've already got a quad pump. I wouldn't be so sure that the sissy squats would feel so good with cold quads. But after having already warmed them up, I've got a decent amount of blood flowing into them and they're pretty much pumped. The action of doing that sissy squat kind of like bounce out of the bottom sort of Tom Platt style. Of course he was doing like two plates on a hex quad and I'm just doing bodyweight. But that little like bounce at the bottom and stretch. It does have such an interesting like medial sort of middle kind of quad stretch that I just don't really get with anything else. I was just talking to somebody I wasn't really doing sissy squats for a while because my right name was kind of bothering me because I did that was back when I was in Michigan. I feel like I've said this a couple times I did a little gainer off of like a little pier. And of course I'm fully bulked at the time. So my 205 to 170 pounds self did a one leg jump on just a concrete platform. Into the water. Yeah, that's a lot of impact out of nowhere. Not a not anything I'm used to. Oh goodness. So my knee is a little tender for a while after that really yeah. But back to normal and now the sissy squats feel quite good again. So apologies for anybody who's more interested in watching the heavy squats and the heavy leg press quad training it's it's not conducive with the overarching goal right now. You know, because right now what I'm trying to do is maintain my quad size and not overstress them while I'm diding down. I mean I don't have the I simply don't have the calories to recover from like they like that. And also I think it's good to get myself a break not like me personally. I'm talking to my knees. My sort of adductor's everything else because when I'm squatting like one of squatting like there's no tomorrow leg day after leg day after leg day five plates five plates in the 25 you know 11 plate leg press it does start to add up. So even going into this next bulking phase I am going to be pretty mindful of that and I'm going to stick to a heavier quad day coupled with a lighter quad day as the accessory movement in contrast. So you know let's say one leg day I do some crazy squats. Goodness. The next leg day. Might be a little more a leg extension. Sissy squat focus more out more pump work rather than overall tension and fatigue. Now you might be asking yourself same how the hell can you be be yawning after you just drank and pre-work out. You see as the kicker have not drank it yet the gyms a little bit far away and also with legs I don't need to be fully caffeinated for hamstrings. So really I'm going to save the pre for right when I'm kind of walking the door. So that by this time I put my stuff down warm up my hips a little bit do a couple of calf raises to get those warm do some hamstring warm ups and then probably around the halfway point of hamstrings is when it all starts to really kind of feel like the caffeine effect and everything else so that when I'm under quads I'll have the full nitrogoxide vazodilation caffeine stimulation effect that I'm aiming for because quads is going to feel kind of hard especially a dip in the deficit range like days definitely living up to its reputation of being difficult. Difficult but non-possibles so hopefully that well what was that what was that say having a deficit sort of brain freeze what I was going to say was in about an hour or so maybe maybe probably about an hour or so let's hope we've got a reasonably viny striated separated quad pump to see and then I'm not going anywhere I got some post-lift cardio I I think I'm going to split it up do 30 minutes after the lift come on eat a meal and then do another 30 minutes or do the other 30 minutes at the home apartment gym just so I get my quads a little bit of recovery before you blast it's gonna see the bike so I think that's all I got to say man it's just get this quant day started let's keep it simple start with a nice what's going to feel like a hefty set of lane curls but it's really only 75% sat and usually this is not the hefty select girl so just proof the diet's working yeah let's just do a few more like that no you can get some complicated yeah one mark let's move on no no okay let's do some seated curls next hold crap this will be considerably lighter and these reps will feature like a full second hole at the bottom for the first however many reps I can do like that and then I'll still finish with like some self-assisted partials just to really squeeze every drop out of the towel that is my hamstrings Thunder hmmyan7 OH GOD 8 OH Korepa What the- ya Oh, okay. Let's see one more. Just a regular straight set, little heaviness, and then who can be one of quads. I almost thought that was it, but I've got a little left. Hmm. Hmm. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Now let's just a quads. Hmm. The last few hamstring lifts have been very already all focused. So what I'll mind making today a little bit more curl and biased. Let's keep it simple. Five reps on the left, five of the right, five of the left, five of the right, until basically failure. And then probably just repeat that for a few. Okay. Here we are. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, actually. Yeah. Yeah. I'll change up the floor a little bit for this one. Alright, so by changing it up, turns out I mean let's just do a double-like stack set. Similarly level of nastiness. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Okay. Now let's change it up. Next set, at least the leg extension portion, is going to look very different. Yeah. That felt really good though. And these are nice. Nice. Slow, hold, squeeze, leg extension, followed by self assisted, cis cis quartz. If this set is awesome, it could be it. But I foresee two sets of these. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's enough. Yeah. So all it took was some nasty hamstring curls of a few varieties, some leg extensions of, well, really just two varieties, light and squeezing, as well as some kind of heavy nasty ones with some cis cis quartz action at the end. And what did it all add up to? A pretty holy crap. A really dang freaking quad pump. Goodness. Well, no point speculating when we're literally about to see. And that we just, uh, holy ship. I like that. Yeah. That is a, uh, that's a left quad if I've ever freaking seeing what we do with breath holds flex here. Yeah. Yeah. I think, uh, I think without exaggeration, that's the vanias my left quad has ever been. Oh. Holy crap. Oh, man. That is making me freaking a leg headed. Oh, geez. A reasonable quad in hamstring separation. And try not to forget that right now, my hamstrings are pumped, which does take a moment. It does take a bit away from their kind of separation and fanciness, but did. I mean, just standing here. Yeah. I think this diet is certainly working. And do not, uh, do not forget this little portion as well as I am flat as shit. So, what I mean by that is there's a certain discrepancy. And physically just how big your muscles are in general, based on how much glycogen you've got inside of. And for somebody my size, I mean, I like when I carve up at the end of all this, I'm literally going to be, well, I got to carve up to a limit, right? But if I were to carve up no holds barred, I could basically just gain 10 pounds of what we look like totally lean tissue because all of the little storage cells. And my muscle fibers across my whole body would fill up with glycogen, right? Sugar and water. And it wouldn't be, you know, subcutaneous or like, uh, what's the word? Well, it wouldn't look like I was holding water like in my skin or my stomach or anything. I literally just kind of blew it up. So, to look at this freaking, this flap. Yeah, that was a good sign for me. But I'm not done. I've, yeah, I'm going to be in here for a while. But for you, let's get in the car. That was a crazy quad bump today. I lied. I freaking lied. I'm not splitting that car to you up in the tube. So any of just doing 45 minutes on the seated bike. What I felt was a slightly lower intensity level than I normally do. But maybe, I don't know, maybe it just felt right. But I mean, I was hitting the same kind of calorie markers and heart rate that I usually aim for. So, maybe the blood was just freaking flowing tonight. But only 45 minutes there. And then 15 on the treadmill. That treadmill portion is definitely a little bit more chill. But in terms of the lift itself, I checked off the boxes I wanted. Some hard, pretty heavy sets, at least relative to my current strength level. A solid ass freaking pump. And then, well, some new vans. Yeah, the left quad was extra freaking fatty. And that is not the craziest lighting. Frankly, I spoil myself. Every time I go to a gym that has like a dedicated body-building posing room, the last one was when me and J. We're at Fit Club. They've got a really crazy lighting posing room there. It's like all downlit, striations, veins, everything else out the wazoo. And do not underestimate the power of lighting. The same dude can look completely freaking different. But even in kind of the softer, open gym lighting, to have that much like vein protrusion. That is freaking cool. So, just more motivation to stick with the limits and keep the cardio going. Honestly, the cardio isn't even the hardest part for me. Really, it's just the calorie side of things. The cardio and the training even getting into the freaking two-hour range now, with an hour in the morning and one at night. Not the tricky thing in the world. I feel like I'm kind of getting exposed to it. And maybe that's a problem on my end. Maybe maybe... Maybe... Then I just show a little bit of my kind of obsessive tendencies. But what do you get to do? All the better for me in terms of getting that freaking cardio done. So, now all I gotta do is go home, have myself a nice bowl of ground beef with some G-hews BBQ sauce. Oh, I was about to say in a touch of fat-free cheese, but I'm out. Gotta make another grocery store trip soon. And that will see. Honestly, I don't mind pushing the grocery store trips a little bit further than normal, because I don't really like having the kitchen fully stocked with everything else anyway. Because I end up just like eating any kind of snack style thing that I can get in my hands on. We'll just disappear slowly, so better off to not even have it around. But I think I'm gonna prep some meals. I think I'm gonna get some tougher, where it tubs just to make it a little bit more consistent. Because for me to die down and get gradually leaner, not that hard. Like, I've got that pretty much down. But to really get stringent with these calories, I don't know the flexible approach that I usually use is just not gonna... It's just not gonna happen. I got to eat some pre-meditated meals. Like a noon, a four, a six, and a 12, or whatever spread ends up making the most sense for me. Because I've got... Yeah, there's no roof for snacks right now, really. So, like, what am I supposed to have 10 grams of carbs worth of snacks in the pantry? Like, at once, and there's no chance. It just doesn't even work. So, I got to set myself a hard limit from now on, where snacks are no more. Only dedicated meals of specific sizes. So, I'm gonna get a little bit of a schedule plan out for that. And that'll make it a little easier. Having a game plan, having a game plan with anything. It just turns any kind of goal or challenge from, like, a kind of bewildering sort of all of that. I don't know if I'll be able to do it. I did just a couple of step-by-step kind of processes that you can go through. So, when it comes to the working out for anybody who's uninitiated so far, Look up a basic chest day, look up a basic arm day. You don't have to do barbell bench right off the rip. You can do just chest press machines, or any, or, like, simple stuff like that day. One, I mean, I see guys all the time. They got, like, the tutorial video explaining, like, how to do this set. And it's a guy doing it as an example. Dude, that's totally cool. You gotta start somewhere anyway, right? Nobody's expected to just know what they're doing with no prior experience. So, really what I'd be more concerned with is just give yourself a time. Tell yourself that you're gonna go, make it happen. Regardless. Like, even if you only feel like going in kind of light, you want to just do, like, a little bit easy day. And easy kind of, like, just float around, do a couple of sets here in their day. Versus no lifts at all. I would say that's, I mean, it might not make game-changing, physique exploding results, but you're definitely gonna be in a much better state than to completely skip the gym in general. So, that's the side of me talking that's things that everybody should be working out. Regardless of if you want to be a total meathead freak or, you know, my catagarized yourself is more of a regular dude. Like, working now, just general freaking fitness, sorry about that. It's just, I mean, it's just good to get into, you know? And there's really nothing else like it. Like, I can't stress enough. There is nothing else like having a physical outlet like that, because like, what else do you get to do? What else do you really get to pour all of your physical energy into? And just, like, there's a region, there's a reason why all of the, like, the crash rage rooms do so well. Everybody's got some pent up freaking energy. So, having a place to get that out, plus keeping your, you know, sort of, the only thing that's keeping you in contact with the entire universe, your body in a little bit of a better functioning state, you do. I only see positives, right? Now, I know there's a classic meathead connotation, which keeps non-lifters from really getting into it. But I feel like those barriers are kind of being broken down. The gym is becoming, I would say, as mainstream as anything else. So, I don't know, frankly, if you have a functioning brain, I don't know why you're forcing yourself to miss out. I'd recommend every man, woman, and child across the freaking nation, giving themselves some physical activity. Now, does it, you know, a 12 year old kid need to be mentioned, you know, one rep maxes, I probably wouldn't say so. But, you know, get into a kind of later on, you know what I'm saying? I'm using best discretion. So, oh, man, I am, I am going to freaking pass out. I can guarantee it. And soon as my head hits the pillow, I've kind of been a little more restless because it's kind of a weird, inverse relationship with the bulking and the dieting because when I'm bulking up and eating a crazy amount of food, you would think, early sti would think, my energy levels would be higher because I got a ton of energy. Like physically, I'm taking in more calories throughout the day, way more. I should have more to run on, right? Not so much. I feel like I'm much sleepier bulking up, which, I mean, just to do with kind of growth process, the workouts are much more intense and kind of damaging. And then dieting down, it's like, it's like a more awake, but I'm definitely feeling the general kind of like fatteness of the calorie deficit. So, earlier, or not earlier, but like this morning, I went to bed at eight. I got up at like three, to go to the bathroom. And then by the time I play to my phone for a minute, I'm like, okay, I'm awake. It's going to be a while before I can go back to sleep. So I just went down to the apartment gym, did my hour cardio, came back, shout-off, went back to bed. Now, I would not recommend breaking up. Sleep schedule like that, but I knew I wasn't going to end up falling back, actually, for quite a while. When I woke up, I was kind of like, only half sure that I actually did the cardio. Part of me thought that I just trimmed it, but I had proof because I could look at the Instagram story. I took the picture. If I didn't actually take that picture and like, you know, had the evidence right there that I actually did it, I probably would have done another hour of cardio after I woke up the second time, believing that I just dreamt about it the first time. Geez, I wouldn't freaking nuts. I wouldn't notice. I would have recognized, I was like, oh, man, I feel extra tired. Maybe not. But we are definitely on track towards something. So I will keep you updated as anything freaking changes. I think that's all I got. So I'll see you for either a rest day tomorrow or a chest day, a rest day or a chest day. I'm not exactly sure which one yet. I'm going to see how I feel. If it's a rest day, I'm still going to do my cardio. That's not going to change. But I'll have to see how I feel because I can tell at this point, like, my accrual of fatigue from these lifts, given my calorie intake, is definitely something I'm actually more concerned with. Bolking up a meeting like 5,000 calories on the regular. I don't see the problem with the daily lifts, but right now with the, with being a bit more stringent, kind of restrictive. The rest days are much more prevalent. So I'll see how I feel. But if everything feels good, I can tell I'm nice and strong. Then I will be going ahead with chest. And there is a little bit of a test that you can do to kind of gauge your overall kind of like, readiness, so you can say your fatigue, and this, or your central nervous system stress or anything else like that. And that's by just kind of like, balling up your fist, like sort of right here, and really flexing your form, right? Like, if you can get it a crazy hard squeeze, and you can tell that you're like really exerting some serious force and like it feels good, that's going to be a sign that you're good. You're relatively recovered. You're ready for a good lift. So that's not really a good indicator of anything. Like, that doesn't really tell you much. So what I'm more interested in is like, any time that you didn't get a good night's rest, you didn't get enough food, you did not sleep enough. Like the next time you can tell for sure that you're in a compromised state, or for any of you, for any of you nightlife joyers out there, right? Like the day after you go out, and you can tell you definitely kind of hungover, do the same little form, like, grip test. I can guarantee you're going to feel that you can't really squeeze your hand into itself, it's hard. So that's one little, that's one little interesting tip, which I mean, you should know if you're ready for something like that, but I mean, I feel like if you're a power lift or that might be a little bit more important to know, because if you're planning on going for like a crazy one-to-reot max, and then you kind of fail in the form, grip strength test, you're like, ooh, maybe I shouldn't do that today. Ooh, or advice versus, man, I feel like it's just strong. Let's go forward today, something along those lines. But I'm not one to really talk in the power lift or one rep max style of a heavy thing. I mean, I can say this was served date. You're never going to see a one rep max on any lift from me now or ever, and I stand behind that one to see a little freaking percent. So, either a rest or a chest day? I guess we'll just have to find out tomorrow, but I'll see you then.