Alright, I think I've finally figured out why the fact that it gets so dark so early, at least for me in the northeast. It's just felt kind of weird because there's been no snow. Because if you've never lived somewhere where, I mean, all the grass and all the fields and everything you're covered in, and I said a blanket of white snow, it may become a little bit brighter because now instead of just absorbing all the light, the ground kind of reflects it back so it's certain to feel a little more normal. It's like pitch black January at 6 o'clock in the evening. It felt a little funky, kind of was tricking my system. And that's something where it's kind of weird. It has been getting progressively less and less snowy earlier in the year than it used to be. I mean, I'm talking freaking November used to be if winter wondered land back when I was younger. I wonder if any of the alien sightings have anything to do with that. Like they're going to get all the climate control under all the climate change under control. But that's above my pay grade. So sticking within my realm of skills, what's the plan for this chest day? Well, get a crazy chest bump. That's a big one. Don't hurt myself. That's another big one. That's probably equally high up there. I'd say actually not hurting myself is more important at getting a crazy chest bump because I would not trade hurting myself for something like that. So that's up there. So you're not going to see any foreplayed bancher, five-plate Smith or anything nuts. Let's see his weights within reason. But yeah, I've been doing a lot of inkling Smith machine. I don't know. I'll see. I used to have a bit more of a close mind. And I still do tune extend. Like I can tell when I look at my lifting pattern so I'm chest. Usually I'm going to start with heavy pressing first and then move on to whatever kind of, I was the word to think of. Like fly or squeezing bass work like that. Because in my mind, I think I definitely still operate on the idea like okay. I'm doing chest. I better bench heavy. I better bench first when I'm fresh. Which in a bulking context, like in terms of really making sure I've thrashed my chest in a good way. I don't think it's a bad idea. Like what, because half of that makes sense, I do want to load my chest with a lot of mechanical tension when I'm strong, when I'm fresh. But that's not the only way to do it. So now I'm not so troubled by breaking that little pattern that I've built up. And even started to chest day off with flies. But the problem is when you get to a certain size and strength, sometimes starting with the set of regular pecdec, the weight actually is a little bit too light. So there definitely is some value of pre-exhausting before doing more of a light movement. Like let's say there's a preacher girl at your gym where it is, it's a very light machine. Like you could do single arm curls with the full stack. You could do 20 reps easy. You might not want to start with that machine because you're kind of strong on it. But if you save it for a few movements down the line, may your biceps are already tired. Then you can make more use of it. Because that's kind of how I want my workout to look. Set by set by set by set. I want to be getting progressively weaker. I want to be getting an accrual of damage and fatigue. Like my last set in terms of just objective numbers, I do not want to be more intense than the first few on a fresh and strong. Right? Because over the course of the lift, I want to break everything down to the point where like if my first set of chest was 3 plates for 15 on the Smith machine. At the end of the workout, I do not want to be able to do 3 plates of 15. So the nature of getting weaker throughout the lift also probably makes me want to do the heavier harder stuff first and then move on to more. Squeezing isolation, stretch, focus, and stuff towards the end. But definitely do not feel like you're wrong if you want to start a chest off with cable flies and then move on to pressing. And that's got its own benefits because if you do a couple sets of flies first, then you've already got a bit of a chest pump. And on Zaryo, you'll feel your chest more on like a Smith machine bench later. Now you might be a little weaker instead of 2 plates and a 10, you might be doing 1 plate and a 25. But as long as you can still take that set to the legit failure around that 1215ish rep range, even just 8 to 15, like somewhere within there, I think you're good. So what that tells me is that I've got pick of the litter in terms of machines once I go into the gym. So if I let's say I walk in and in my mind I'm like, alright, Incline Smith, I'm ready for it. I'm walking up the steps I'm getting hyped up for it. Or actually I've been known to take the elevator instead of the steps. I see it in my carty if I want to do in carty. But anyway, I'm coming up to the gym, okay, I'm getting Incline Smith in my mind. Incline Smith taking it. Okay, yeah, they just sat down and they're doing swats. Probably not the best etiquette to try to work in with a guy. If he's doing a movement that far removed from what you're doing. So maybe a little new year's gym go or tip. Nothing wrong with asking to work in. Like if you're doing set of pull downs with the same handle, the same everything, you're just changed the weight. Asked somebody how many sets he has left. If he says more than one, just ask to be more careful. But if somebody's doing like, you know, bench or squats or movements where it's going to take a couple of steps to adjust the machine or the height, then you might be better off just either waiting or finding a new machine. That's that's something you can get to use your best lift or discretion. But let's say I'm getting hyped up for Incline Smith. Incline Smith is taking it. I'm going to talk about what do I do? Do something else? Do Campbell flies. You know, the gym is not just your space. You do get to work in with everybody else. So anybody who's got such a close mind about their work out, like, I have to start with Incline Smith. And then I have to do three sets of him or strength press. And then I have to do flat bench. And then I have to like, if you're so rigid in your approach to your workout, that you have to do the exact same thing every time. I mean, it might not be a bad thing. I'm sure that's still a perfectly fine workout. But he just doesn't, you know, take into account that we live in the real freaking world. What happens if a machine was broken? Are you just going to say, oh crap, the Incline Smith machine was broken. My whole chest is ruined. I ask, screw it. I'm going home. No, nobody would do that. Right. So just don't be afraid to improvise on the spot. Let's say you want to do some kind of pressing. The flat bench is taken. Do the machine press. Do a cable press. Do, you know, just do whatever. As long as your total workload of all your sets still gets done, like I've been doing around seven sets per lift. Sometimes eight, sometimes six if I'm really killing it. Then, you know, whether that all came from Incline Smith or Peck Deck or cable flyers or whatever. Like any kind of jumble of mix in between. As long as those working sets were done well, I know I went hard. And I've got a full pump at the end of it. Then, you know, I'm good. And that's a perfect way to build training experience of different movements is just, you know, pick a few. You maybe haven't done for a little while and just make a workout out of that. You're going to get two, uh, two potential responses. I don't know responses, but, um, well, there's two possible states that you're going to be and after you try a workout you've never done before. I'm not even one that you copied from somebody else, but just something you came up with. Like let's do three sets of flies, three sets of, uh, flat bench, three sets of Incline dumbbell. Whatever does matter. Then, at the end of it, you know, taking into account your effort levels, how hard you are really going, how pumped you feel, how, just how everything felt kind of subjectively. And then in your mind, you're going to be able to say, okay, that was actually a pretty good workout. I haven't started to chesty with flies for a little while. I really like that. Pressing after already pre-exhausting with some flies, actually felt really good. Make it squeeze my chest extra hard. Nice. Or you're going to say, okay, I'm in both cases as soon as I get one hard. Or you can say, okay, I win hard and all my sets, like no one set was bad, but, I don't know, I just don't really like starting with the flies. It didn't really click for me. I still get a pump, I still win hard. I definitely am going to feel like a chest tomorrow, but that exercise order in particular, and I definitely love it. And I think that's what people are missing because everybody's eared. People are just so afraid to fail in any capacity. Like that's why I think there's a big barrier to entry, even going to the gym in general, because not everybody is super comfortable with the idea of being in space. You know, you're kind of on display, everybody who's been in the gym, or who is going to be in the gym has been there for a while. They know what they're doing, you don't. It's like, who freaking cares, man, you know? Like the building up that sort of experience for yourself and being able to look over it over time and make adjustments. Those are the lifters who get the furthest. It's the guys where they're always looking for a pre-written answer or a project, you're not a project, yeah, like a routine or a program, like, okay, what's the, I have to do it the perfect way, like what's the best way, what's the way that everybody says is right. I have to do that. I have to, I have to conform to everybody else's idea of what's correct. And it's, dude, cookie cutter mentality, man. You know, like this isn't rocket science here. You can try your own stuff, see what happens? Crossfitters get checked, calisthenics do it's get checked, straight up just body weight like P90X style dudes get checked. As long as your effort is there, the vastness of different kind of styles of work and out that you can do is huge. You can do all sorts of freaking everything. So, you know, even if you've done with that down to just weight based gym workouts, really, as long as your effort is there, and you're making a conscious thought, okay, really, feel whatever muscle you're aiming for at the time, then really, it's just a long game of how long can you keep doing that, and make adjustments towards trying to improve the progress that you're making. You know, so if you're in gain any weight this year and you've been trying to change something up, and odds are, the problem isn't even the training. Usually, it's the calorie side of things, you know, it's not eating enough food. You get a fuel of the freaking machine, but that's, so, hope I had some good ideas in there. I'm kind of going off on a bit of a riff, but either way, I'm excited for today's chest day. So, I think what's, let's just stop, you happen about it, get in there and make it happen. So, first I'm going to do my little shoulder, try set, just kind of warm up on the cables, and then we can jump to a set number one, if whatever that ends up being. All right, so, let's start with some moderately light cable press. One unfortunate thing about this gym is these big kind of cable crossovers. You can only have them at floor height or top height, but little trick you can do, pull the handle out, yay much, and then pin the weight. So, you get this extra, I mean, two feet of extension, because if I'm trying to do a heavy fly, and even this, like, only a hundred pounds, sure, it's not that heavy here in the actual pressing portion, but try to wrench that down into this position. You're just asking for, like, a tweaked elbow or something weird. So, I want to be basically in the starting position, and then unload. But, I think if you're here, slow with a very pronounced squeeze and hold at the bottom, then we can decide how to, how to go forward. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Few more. Nice. Yeah, that's a burning. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Let's move on. All right. So, given that I do not have a spotter in here, I am not going to do incline bench to failure. Norm, I'm going to go that heavy. So, this is only two plates. So, how I'm still going to hit failure is this is going to be a superset. So, I'm going to do a pre-exhaust with this two-play bench. Just enough to feel like I'm approaching chest destruction, and then racket and finish burning out with some kind of faster cable presses over there. So, give a little combo if you don't want to, you know, risk. Or, you know, if you want to do a pre-exhaust with a word to be decapitation or, well, anything bad that could happen on a solo bench. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One more of those. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Give me seconds to decide what's going to be a good next move. Good lips of our though. The incline converging cable press will be perfect for what I think might actually be the last movement. Let's see how the set feels though. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. One more. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. All right. Let's pose down. Just can put it. All right. So freakyest lighting has been found. I mean, two plates on bench. You know, it's like, what are we doing here? But that's that's where that question is now rhetorical. It has an answer. Stimulating, activating, maintaining. Not trying to break down every fiber of got. And then rebuild them stronger. Really, I'm just trying to make sure that all the ones that have already got to built up. Stay where they are. That's kind of the whole point of this diving phase. I'm not, I'm not getting any new tissue. I'm just losing all the fat tissue that's covering up and concealing all the cool fancy beef underneath. But let's try to do a couple classics here. Oh. You're missing. Oh. Oh. Goodness. Oh. Oh. Oh, man. Stand there doing that most much that really gets me. Oh, yeah. I'm sorry. It's a little bit after hard lift, especially in the deficit. Be careful about a big breath, holy. Try to get every vein and straighten out. Possibly flex. If you had a solid workout, too, and your little carb depleted, but even in the bulk state. There's videos. You can just totally cut off the blood supply to your brain just for long enough that tumble to the freaking floor. So just just be careful about that. I've never seen it happen in person, but I have seen the videos. And it's like even smaller dudes, like 160, just a big breath hole than a. Something to think about. So let's do a little. We'll add a shot as well. Oh. Okay. Well, chest complete. Getting definitely getting somewhere. This is the most graim and separation that I've had in the chest day. This whole diet so far. Now, this isn't the freakyest pump. I've had so far for chest, but I think that's just the nature of getting real steep into a deficit. Because as much as this is a good gauge of like how I'm looking and how I'm progressing. This isn't really how I look like show ready prep later on. There's that's going to be 10 pounds of drops of water, plus an extra like minimum 700 or so grams of carbs to be consumed to carb up beforehand. So right now I'm still totally flat and fully like hydrated. So all this pinchable fat and whatnot. Once this starts to really come off, combined it's like a completely empty stomach, a little more tapered in the waist. We are going to have some freaky shots in the coming weeks. And by coming weeks, I mean, more like six. But these, these are all these different little striations and lines. This is a very good sign. Let me actually do this side one more. Yeah, that's extra cool for me. And that's what the chest pump. So chest doesn't really suffer. The pump inflation effect as bad as, you know, quads and triceps. Because what happens is when I'm fully bolt, I could not care less. Because I'm not seeing my chest fibers or my quads fibers or my triceps striations. Or anything fancy like that. I'm only seeing okay, how physically big and pumped can whatever muscle I'm training get. So I don't know if you need to bulk all pumps are created equal. But dieting down. Not so much like I kind of like the way that my back looks at at least in like more normal poses. Not just like a front lat spread. Unpumped when I'm leaner because I can see more detail more different fibers and striations and whatnot. Because when it gets fully pumped up, that stuff kind of. gets lost in just the inflation of having so much blood in my back. Same thing with triceps and chest a little bit too because like totally unpumped. I would see much more of those little fancy lines and grains and stuff than, you know, fully pumped up state. So all that's to say is there's definitely more value than just pure size when it comes to your look as you get leaner. But I'm going to camp out and see if I can the treadmill for a little while. So for you, let's just get in the car. Just a complete. Okay. I am cold. I am hungry. And I am tired. I'm getting hit with the trifecta right now. But that's her right. That's our right. Nothing cool comes from staying comfortable. So a plan for the post workout meal. A very large egg white omelet with a chop salad mixed in along with some fat free cheddar cheese and some sugar free barbecue sauce on top. That will be perfect paired with a warm bed in some pajamas after a shower. And I am going to be out cold. I can guarantee freaking. So reasonable lift. Honestly. I don't know if I should go there anymore for chest. A little bit sparse. And the cables only being at that top down angle. Doesn't really do it for me as much as having the cables a little bit more of a shoulder height. But still a solid lift. There's a Smith machine in there too, but I didn't really feel comfortable using that bench for any kind of heavy Smith pressing action. Even doing those cable presses on those last few sets on that bench. I was getting a little nervous about the structural rigidity of it, but seemed to hold up well enough. Tomorrow for back. Well, I'll just have some kind of funky back day somewhere. Exactly. And I'm going to be exactly sure. But we'll see if there's any changes in terms of the Christmas tree. Lower back, irrectors, striation type situation during that post down. But yeah, I am definitely ready for freaking bed. I, uh. What the heck was I gonna say? I can tell I'm running low on blood sugar. I'm not talking like, um, what's the word? Hypothmic. What's, I'm not talking hypoglycemic. Like I'm not talking, um, you know, I need something I'm going to pass out and take level. But especially after a long session of cardio after the lift. And I can tell it gives me a little bit of, uh, gives me a little bit of a brain fog until I get back and actually eat something. So we'll see. I, uh, I meal prepped myself a bunch of turkey sandwiches at about. Seven, not about exactly seven carbs of seven grams of carbs each. Seven grams of fat and 24 grams of protein. They grease being some low carb, bread slices, wheat. So, Delhi turkey, but like the most organic one I could kind of get my hands on. Anytime I use the, like, and yeah, sure, whatever. Still Delhi turkey. But anytime I get like an Oscar Meyer, like the ones where it's really kind of thinly folded over, whatever, it kind of makes my stomach feel funky. Really what I should have known was got some, uh, some of the Costco, like massive five pound turkey breast and just cut slices off of it. That probably would have been a little better, but what are you gonna do? And then, um, a little bit of fat free cheese. So mustard, some low fat mayonnaise and then some chopped lettuce on top. All smashed together. And then, uh, when I added the mustard and the turkey, easy enough to account for, because I know I had four packs, 40 grams of protein each pack. And I could kind of divvy it up evenly and know the math. But with the fat free mayonnaise or the low fat mayonnaise, rather. Not totally short, right? And I'm not gonna weigh out every individual, like sandwich is sort of portion of mayo. So what I did there is just zero out of a food scale. Put the tub onto it and then add an evenly sized kind of, you know, doll up on the huge sandwich. Way the low fat mayonnaise again. Now that's a little lighter. And then, okay, I've used 45 grams. Every 15 grams is three and a half grams of fat. That means I just had just about 12 grams of fat across these eight little, like, you know, turkey sandwiches. So do the math, 14 divided by eight, one and a half ish. Actually, no, no, no, no, no. One in the three quarter. I think I just round it up to two. But those are good. It's kind of nice to have those sitting around. The last time I really prepped those was what I was working for the city with Mark. And I'd bring, I'd bring like five of them in a little cooler. And they were just disappear. The low carb bread is, I'd say that's up there as a dieting hack. But you can't really do too much of it. Like if I start slamming a ton of like the low carb tortillas and the, like, the buns and stuff, they have a very high fiber content, like, 10 grams of fiber each slice. So if you eat like, you know, 10 slices of them. You just had 100 grams of fiber. And it's a little bit beyond like your necessary amount. And it kind of makes you feel a little like, just bloated, the stomach. So not like full of food in a good way. Kind of just like, just a little bit uncomfortable. So what I've really been trying to do is make sure that my meals are extra full of fluff food. I steamed vegetables, cauliflower, rice, things like that, where it takes up some space. And I'm actually like feeling like a beating a lot of food. But really, it's only eight grams worth of carbs. The broccoli says two grams of protein per serving. Not sure I'm so sure about that. Definitely not two grams of a complete, you know, amino acid array of protein. But it's still something to take into account. So that's the plan for the post-work ad meal. And I am ready to hit the sack. So I don't think I have any any other deep words of wisdom apart from the fact that I hope that you start doing your cardio this year. And if you're one of the guys who every time I say that, you don't need to listen because you're already doing your cardio. I am envious. I am envious of you. So I think that's how I get. I will see you for what I hope to be. My freaky is back day yet tomorrow.