Alright, so just for clarification, sake, is the 12 days of Christmas the first 12 days of December? Or is it the 12 days leading up to Christmas? Or is it the 12 days after Christmas? That's something I'm kind of concerned about. Because that's what's going to decide whether today is either not a day of Christmas at all or if it's like the... Either way, on a cool, unfortunately, snowless Thursday. Yeah, Thursday night, exactly one week before Christmas. I'm getting a gift early. I'm opening one gift early, that's a gift to myself. Being... tell me. What kind of gift do you think I'm about to get tonight? Did you guess? And in saying chess comp, you would be freaking right. You would be more than right. So a chess comp plus a little bit of extra cardio afterward. So currently, the cardio routine is an hour in the morning. Nothing crazy, but 30 minutes on the bike, 30 minutes on the treadmill. I'm adding some sauna action. Not because the sauna magically burns fat or anything. But I just kind of like it. You know, if it's been good sweat, it just feels good. But not even true that's enough. So now, except for leg days, post workout is going to be 30 minutes on the bike as well. Or maybe actually, I think I'm meant to say, I'm going to do 15 minutes on the bike, 15 minutes on the treadmill. Nothing crazy, but these... I was about to say hours, but actually, I guess, we're going to do the hour range. But these minutes of cardio throughout the day, even if they're not the most stringuous thing in the world, they can add up pretty substantially. So for some guys, they really love tracking their steps. Like making sure you hit a certain amount of steps per day when they're dieting or just in general, like that's their sort of value that they aim for. With me, I kind of feel like you're right to walk an extra... or to make sure you walk like 10,000 steps that day. You definitely did burn here. Oh, he definitely did burn a certain amount of calories. But I've, for me, at least, and this is just a personal preference thing. It feels better for me to say, okay. I'm doing cardio. I want to do this cardio, specifically. I want to do... there we go. I want to do this cardio on a specific time. I want to do 30 minutes of cardio. I did my cardio right then. It's over with. So for whatever reason that just makes more sense to me. But I was a... I just de-rail by myself from that sort of delight. But either way. I'm sorry for the odds too, I've only... about 1,300 calories so far today. Actually, I think even less, only 1,100. I'm starting to feel the fatigue from getting into a reasonably steep deficit, which... That's just the nature of it. So as the caffeine that I... that it took in the pre-work after getting into the hit me, and once I actually get into the gym, I got my music playing. That tiredness will be gone. And then the lift can start. Right, but it's... it's more as I've had to say. I feel like I was getting on track to say, some kind of thing. Now it's gone. Well, maybe that's a good... maybe that's a good indicator. We should just quit yapping altogether. So how about we just jump straight to whatever set number one and to be for chest? Which... not sure. But I've got reason to believe. Maybe... Inclined Smith-Bachin-Bachin. But who's to say? I guess we're gonna find that together. I lied. Let's start with some... earth-style flies first. Flip chest ups that hand from... I don't know if we start it. What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Oh, my God. Mmm. I think I got it. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Oh, my God. Yeah. One more. I think it would be good for some incline Smith. Yeah. So, one more here. This one I might make a little nasty or toward the end. But awesome start. Very different from the typical fatigue of like... You know, starting with a heavy set of something. But I always start with heavy press. Right? Why don't you do the same exact workout every time? So, that's half the benefit of here. It's just different than what I normally do. Alright, come on. Alright. Mmm. You want? Mmm. No. What? What? You. You want me to? Oh. Okay. Hold me, you wrap. Oh. Yeah. Now let's go do some pressing. Those three hit me for the heart. Smith machine occupied. So let's do some of this chest press. I don't mind this one. It's not like my favorite. But again, in the spirit of changing things up, I don't normally do it. So, heavy straight set. Nothing fancy. Hold me. Hmm. Ah. Oh. Yeah. Ah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh, crap. One more. But I got to go a little bit lighter in the beginning. Full stack is especially after those three sets are flies on the beginning. It's too heavy. That was good enough. Oh, my goodness. Quicker too. Yeah. Okay. I'm not done. Let's make that a rest box. You. You. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. That's enough. I'm not sure where to move on to next. But chest is nearly done. Monument went. But enough. We're all really feeling on the squeeze portion. So this would be the reason we controlled. And there may be a superset for the next one. Or if this is it, then I'm going to call that too. My goal is not to do 10 sets, do six sets. It's get pumped. Satisfactorily wreck whatever muscle I'm hitting in however many sets that takes. And so it's not a number. It's more of a state of being. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You. The fuckers have. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Whoa. Get this. All right. Let's change it up. Finish with one superset of regular and decolon slice. I don't know what that. Jump was. But they're not myself. So that's good. One more. Then we go parts down. Okay. So classic finish your forming. Straight in front of the body flies. I'm going to try to get as little front of the activation as possible. But squeeze a lot of upper chest. And then when I basically reach failure or at least a close approximation. Rack it. Drop the weight by about half. And then instead of flies here in front of me. Going to more of this sort of big upward stretch. And then even though it's kind of a decline movement. I'm feeling like I'm squeezing my entire chest at the bottom portion. Because I may as well just be sitting here doing like a most muscular right. So when I feel my chest right here from squeezing like this. Sure lower packs firing. But I feel it all the way up here. It's my collarbone. So that's to be a good one. Now I just have to go nuts and film my pecks with as much blood as possible. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Okay. All right. Let's go find some mirror space. So that was what? Three sets of flies. Two sets of machine press. One set of cable press. And then a thinning shirt set of cable flies. So seven total sets. Sounds about right to freaking me. So honestly. I think I'm fully pumped. It's just kind of sucks because some days I would never call it a wash. But especially card depleted flat. You can even slide. You probably argue slightly under recovered. It can be a little tricky getting fully, you know, pumped to the same level as like when I'm bulked like crazy. But they should still be reasonably freaky. Pumpwise. The fuck is that? Let's get scratched on something. Let's see. Let's see. Look at. So this morning especially after cardio plus the sauna. Abvines are beginning to appear. Nothing like, I mean, nothing too crazy. But I'm just talking about like real subtle just. Vascularity creeping up here. So as I continue the leaner. My whole torso should just get. Freaky or freaky or freaky or step it up. I don't have to explain that part. Let's be pretty obvious. Let's run through a couple here. Let's go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Holy crap. Even just sending your home these poses, especially post lift. It's getting my ass out of freaking breath. But let's see. It's pretty much all the rest. Just pose iguais. So, basically freaky. I think nothing else to say. Just go out and get back in the car. There we go. There we freaking go. Chest complete. I would say that was a good lift. I would not call that a insanely 10 out of 10. Crazy lift. But I'd say it was pretty good. The reason why I kind of bring the bar down that low is half because just a performance thing. When you're running low in carbs, you're running low on fats. It had 25 grams of fats of heart today. I was just looking at the macros. My current intake so far. I've had 100 grams of carbs. So that puts me 400 calories of carbs based calories. 25 grams of fat. So that's putting me in 225, so 6. And then about 130 of protein. So I'm only at like 1200 calories for the day. That's not a ton. I've had, I don't even like to say it like this. I've had single meals that are like one and a half times as much food as I mean you right now across the entire day. Oh my goodness. But that's all right. That is okay. The fact that it's hard is what makes it cool. I said, don't worry. I'm not going to see one of these uploads. And it's like, you know, I don't really feel like dieting anymore. We'll just be done with it. Don't worry. That would, yeah. That's an alternate freaking universe. But there is definitely an added difficulty, which is just, it's just different than the bulking, you know, like bulking up. And in the beginning, it's not too tricky either way. Like it's not hard to go a few weeks with no treats. You know, points a few months have begun to pass. You know, you start to have a dream that you're in crispy cream where you've got like a bowl of San Francisco and in front of you and then you wake up and there's a very illusion. You know, that's when you know you're really getting into it. But once you've really gotten to the point where it's getting hard, bulking up or kind of down, you know, they just come with their own difficulties. And it's kind of crazy how like exactly inverted they are. Which would make sense. I mean, obviously, if you're dieting down, you're going to want to eat more food. And if you're bulking up, you're going to get sick of eating so much food. But that's, that's something that I don't mind. Like I don't mind a very stark contrast, but it's okay. I'm bulking right now. Let's bulk out. Let's put on weight. I don't care if I get a little bit softer because it's for the overall, like, or the overarching goal of getting bigger, right, developing musculi. And then dieting down. I don't care if it's going to cut into my strength in the gym or if some of my pumps are going to diminish a little bit. Or if I got to deal with the fact that a little bit hungry, and I got to be a bit smarter about what I'm eating, because it's for the overarching goal of getting leaner. And I think it's kind of like having a double-edged sword in a good way. Usually that phrase is supposed to be negative. But, you know, how I look at these, like if I bulk up for long enough and hard enough, then I made substantial gains. And I am done bulking. So I'm ready to start dieting down. You know, I'm ready to get into a deficit or ease into a deficit. And then I'll diet down enough to the point where I'm like, okay, I'm leaning enough. I've peeled off some of the excess fat that I've gained over the last bulk in phase. Maintained a good chunk of the muscle underneath. Now I'm ready to fill back up. So it's kind of, it's like a yin and yin, you know, it's a good pendulum in and out of the tides because, or not because. But that gets me motivated because I know that no matter what time of year it is, I'm always on track towards something specific. Now, if you're working out in general, you go to the gym consistently four or five times a week. You're making sure you hit your protein every day. And then you get like a multivitamin and gummy every night. That's like 70% of it, honestly. You know, early 60% easy. And then, you know, try to train hard, of course, but just having that routine in place. It's already putting you ahead of so well, not even so many. Just everybody who's not even, you know, bringing it that hard. But what I was getting ready to say was, Grandpa was like a brazen. Yeah, oh yeah. So even if I've got like long term goals for my fitness, right? The body building side of things and like continue getting up in like the two 85 range or I mean, I used to say this as a joke, but now it's like a 290 pound peak bulk. That's not a question of if that's only a question of when at this point. But, you know, even though those are like my kind of overarching, like long term sort of things, in just short scales of a few months, like I'm only going to be diding for another two and a half months or so. And then I'm going to be back to bulky. So I'm on track for my long term goals. But it's boiled down. I've got some goals that I want to hit right freaking out. And then boiled those down even further to a day by day basis. My goal is okay. Don't completely go crazy and let my stomach to the talking and go to the fridge and just destroy, you know, everything in sight. So it's like every day I'm working towards something. And it's not necessarily that I'm saying that like every day I'm grinding. I'm just trying to say, I've got something that I can work towards. And that feels good over time. You know, one day of doing something that for yourself or like working on having good habits, like clean your room, do it like, you know, sometimes they'll get a little bit of like a manic kind of phase where you just, I'll basically just completely clean up my entire office room, sort everything, you know, sorts of little just junk, kind of get like built up. But doing that consistently, it starts to add up and then things just start moving smoother, you know, so that's why I like the the bulking cutting for me because I'm always on track towards something. And it keeps it interesting, you know, one month I might look like this and then six months down the line, especially with a haircut, you know, somebody who I talk to you all the time might walk up a high mean, not even recognize me. And that's for me, that's just fun. But a real tangible benefit, which I think a lot more lifters need to take into account, is the fact that they need to look at themselves and think, all right, have I made any progress in any way over the last six months? Am I a different lifter now than I was at the beginning of the year? In any capacity, I'm not saying you have to be, you know, 30 pounds bigger. But in just any capacity and in the lifting, there's a few, right, you've got basic just strength, size, leanness if you're trying to die down, or a little bit earlier into the curve of like getting into work an out. You've got just getting more locked in, like getting more consistent with your routine. That's as freaking sick of a goal as anything because it's, you know, it's always in relation to what your current level is, you know? So for me, if I've been used to, like, you know, my 30 minutes of cardio daily, then especially right now with the dieting, I want to step it up. So now I'm bumping it up to an hour. You know, bump it up to an extra, something that was only 20 minutes post workout, because the gym closed in my 30. I kind of forgot about that part. But, you know, up in the cardio, getting more, getting a little bit more, you know, intense that way. That's when I'm trying to work on. But, you know, for somebody who is just getting into the gym, you know, they're trying to fit into their weekly routine. Then to go from like an average gym or the word big, appearance, we'll say, per week of like, you know, going from two to two times a week to like, an average of four or five times a week, that's insane. That is freaking huge. So it's all about just trying to take yourself a little bit further than you are right now. And if you continue to do that, I mean, we've all seen the percentages and like the kind of motivating like Instagram posts, where it's like, one percent a day might not seem like much after one day. But after one year, you're 9 million percent better, you know, like little things like that. And as cliche as all those like classic motivational, like phrases and speeches are, they're cliche for a reason, because they get said so much because they're so freaking true. You know, it's like all the classic, you know, grass isn't green on the other side type situations, like that sort of shit, like, there's a real wisdom as words, you know. And it really only appears when you apply it to like some kind of situation that you're in. But, you know, insert some kind of phrase about like long term small steps. Everybody started somewhere. I remember my earliest sort of memories about the working out where when I was, you know, before I weighed, when I was like a kid and I'd be messing around on the crawl space of my house and my dad had put like all the dumbbells and some barbells and plates up there, just like for storage. I wonder if messing around with a 45 pound barbell when I was younger, maybe he played to the seed of what we're now looking at today. But, you know, who's to say? But what I'm trying to get at is like, you know, times pretty powerful fucking thing, freaking thing. I'm sorry about that. And if you can start to ride that wave before you know it, you're going to realize you've made some pretty decent distance compared to where you were, even just like a few months ago. So what I'm getting at is if you can tell things aren't necessarily going exactly how you want them to go, you're not as far as you want to be, then it's a little bit humbling, but the answer is not, okay, well, what's the best work I've split us you do? What's the new program? You gotta look at your own situation, think have I really been bringing it? Have I been doing my cardio? Have I been doing any cardio? Have I been getting enough sleep? Have I been drinking in the water? If I were to go workout today and only drink like, you know, a leader of water all day until right now, and that lift would have sucked. I've had like a gallon and a half, you know, plus enough electrolytes. So scale that up to however, you know, how much you weigh. There's little things that seem so insignificant, maybe you get enough sleep. Are you just, you know, trying to keep yourself in a good headspace so that you can be productive. Have any random, like, nagging, anxieties or things that you have in meanings or just whatever. You know, like all these tiny little things they add up. So if you can look at your situation, then think, okay. Yeah, I mean, I've been going to the gym pretty consistently, but every time I go in, I've just talked into, like, the crew, guys I work out with and we barely get anything done. It's like, we do more talk in the lifting than, and it sounds like you already know the answer and you really just have to act on it. But if you can get yourself into a state of up in yourself, like, up in the intensity, up in the consistency, up in your, just overall, like, hype for what you're doing, then over the course of just a few months, you should start to notice something change. Be it you locked into a dieting phase, you're down 10 pounds. You're starting to bulk up finally. You want to hit that 200 mark, pull it crap by getting 10 pounds last three weeks. Or no, the last three months. I only crap. I should have been tracking my calories this whole time. Okay, nice. Just a little things like that. Right. It's the glamour of the workin' out, like the being jacks and just being in shape. That's the pinnacle of the pyramid. Right. Like, going into the gym, having a pose down with a fancy lighting, everything else. That is the pinnacle of the pyramid. It would not exist if it wasn't for the whole support system underneath of the sleep and the diet and the recovery. And sleep, the diet, the hydration, everything else that goes along with it. So if you can put more emphasis on giving yourself a good base of support, I mean, I, barring any, you know, current architectural feats. And what was the biggest frickin' building that there ever was for quite a while? The dang pyramids. And they'd get a pretty wide base. I guess that's my little tip of the night. But I'm gonna have a very large, actually, two protein-focused meals. Probably 50 grams of protein with a bike weights followed by maybe a top-round stick for, I guess when you say, the dinner, the last meal of the night. Get a good night's rest, wake up early for some cardio in the morning, and then just keep repeating this loop for the next couple of weeks, next week's, next week's, next week's. But either way, try to build up some momentum coming into this year. Don't guilt yourself, get too soft. If you're trying to diet through Christmas. And other than that, assuming you're watching this, I think you know what you're doing. I think you've got a good grasp on it already. Just gotta make it happen. So I will see you for some back action tomorrow.