There we go back to, back to base, back to regularly documented, working out, working out related discussions. But yesterday we ended up flying back, so I mean Mark were in freaking transit from a 10 Vegas time till like 9 o'clock, Ohio time. So I mean you know, a little bit shorter only like 8 or so hours. But enough where, by the time I got back, it just made more sense to save legs for today. Instead of trying to sneak it in yesterday at like 11 at night and then not go to bed till who knows, like 2 or 3. So cardio this morning, 30 actually, document. And you hear, I don't like shit. When J tells you the kick and in gear, I think you, you kind of have to listen. So I think that's a good cue to jump it from my 35 minutes to at least a 40, maybe even 45. I've been doing 45 the last couple of days when we were at the like going to the random gyms when we were down there. I think I'll see how I can handle 45. But year almost over. I mean, what's today December 9th? How many days is that? 3308 or something? 3 into 39. Either way, something like that. And I tell you something, there's two kinds of people. There's the guys who did their cardio and were reasonably informed about like calories and shit this year and then they were the guys who weren't. And I think it's unfortunate that that's the case. But it's still true nonetheless. So which category were you in? Hopefully if you're watching this, I mean, especially if you're watching this, the cardio video you've been on your shit. But you know, the results will show. The guys who did that odds are they looking. And the guys who didn't odds are they don't. You know, it's kind of just a, uh, it's like a give-and-take. All right, if you can clock in that many hours of just elevated heart rate, combined with some reasonable weight training, plus a little bit of diet intervention, even if it's just like making sure you get your protein in per day. You can have completely different results than if you had done none of that at all. I mean, I can't overstate the jump from going from no gym, like zero, nothing to just five days a week or four days a week of, uh, like some weight training. Not even like the most stringuous crazy shit in the world. I mean, just like regular, uh, you can say even casual workouts, like just, you know, getting active. I'm talking like the same level of intensity as if you were to just grab a set of dumbbells. If you were at, uh, like the grocery store or something, then you crumb like kind of as a joke a little bit. Doing volume like that compared to zero is massive. Now, of course, doing like real intense hard working sets from more casual, just getting exposed to the weight sets. That's also massive jump. So, what that tells me is, I want to be as close to the max of training intensity as possible. So, just going to keep you the best results. But, you know, we see it every year. I mean, gyms are going to start being extra packed for maybe a month. And they're going to clear out a little bit. And the guys who stay, right, and sort of break that pattern. They're the ones who next year are no longer going to be saying, all right, let's get after it this new year's. A new year, new me, they're the guys who are now going to be saying, uh, shit. The January's coming around. Better start lifting it five to avoid the crowd or whatever else, you know. Like, it feels like it's a long time. But really, like, look at back. I mean, it's kind of just a fucking blank. You know, I mean, look back in the last three months. If you had a little bit of a portion of time where you're like, okay, I probably could have done my cardio this morning. And then you didn't do it. I mean, odds are you're not still riding the high of, like, oh, I don't know how to do my cardio. Nice. Like, the the reward from not doing it. It's like that. Like, it's enough. Now, in the moment it feels pretty good. Right. I mean, if you're, if it's even not really interested in the cardio, you're not really feeling that you're feeling just straight tired. It's like skipping class, you know, you get this little relief of like, oh, shit. I'm not going to do it. Oh, and that doesn't last. That's over right then. You know, any amount of time passes, that feeling is gone. And not only that, but you're not basically behind. Because time is constantly flowing. So it's almost like you're always subject to inflation. So if every day you're not getting at least a tiny, inksy bit of head be at the working out, be at the whatever, then you fucking fall in behind. Because it's almost like you're fast forwarding time. And if you're the exact same dude that you were in the beginning of the year, then what you really do this year, right? I mean, what are you going to be able to look back on it, say, oh, shit. Even on the crazy side of things, if you didn't want to stick with the working out at all, you can least say, yeah, I was a real workout in that 2024. Got over that really quick, but at least you had something you could say, like, yeah, I did that for a while. Not a lot of people even get to that step. But who's a, it's not my place to judge, you know, but I can't say this. If I were in somebody else's shoes and they weren't doing the cardio, and I guess I would be the one not doing my cardio, I'd want to get on it. But that's coming from my perspective. Obviously in my fucking, you know, Jim Ratten, not, I'd say, I'd say probably beyond Jim, not, I'd say, probably Jim Attect. So, you know, take that with a grain of salt. But this morning, let's get cardio done, do a little post, cardio check in, then just getting the card drive back home. Now much to say, because this is kind of making up for the fact that, uh, this is, this is just making up for the fact that there's no lifts yesterday. So every time I'm, uh, every time I'm traveling out somewhere, for whatever he's not a student, you know, busy in that day, we can have a workout. I'll just place in some little cardio talking for you. That's torturous as it might be for some guys to see winner shred of thund day 60 cardio. I'm, uh, out of all, out of everything that I talked about, the cardio is not going anywhere. Cardio macros, I guess I got four pillars of the CM style. Cardio macros intensity, consistency. I think it all kind of boils down to one of these four topics. But that further ado, how about we just jump to after cardio and see how we're looking two months deep in this dieted face. All right, so after what I would say was a highly successful cardio session, 49 minutes, 630 calories. Now, the time is right. The calories, I mean, that's a great of like how hard you went. But it's kind of hard to think. Because, I mean, your metabolism and your, I guess the word is like your efficiency as a guy doing the cardio, the, the machine doesn't take any that into account. So it's a good representation of how hard you went on like a scale of zero to, you know, whatever. But I never end up doing the math of like, okay, I ate this much food today. I'm going to burn this many calories and this much cardio and like that's not really how I end up doing it. You know, like 30 minutes of cardio and I'll just kind of ramp it up, time wise, a little bit intensity wise over time. And then whatever my deficit bulk, I mean, its calories are like that just stays the same. Like I don't try to do all of this addition and subtraction by what my activity level was there. It's, I feel like that's, that's kind of too much. It's like cardio and the lift should be a staple of the days. So I don't consider that like extra energy that I'm burning on a day by day basis. That's just the amount of energy I'd burn. So I mean, I guess if you skip your cardio a lot, you might have to take that into account. But if you're doing it consistently, I wouldn't worry about trying to do the math. Just make sure you do it hit a good number for me at like if there were no numbers, if I was just on an old school cardio bike that was like big metal flywheel with a little plastic like dowel that you tighten or loosened it affect the resistance. I just said it where I could spin it and I guess the pace I'm used to and then by 10 minutes in, I should start to feel a little drips on my stomach or so and then by 30, I should have a good amount of sweat. This is extra. Like my whole, this shirt is now freaking too tonk as the old torso is drenched. But usually I don't get this sweaty. That's only when I'm doing extra long sessions like right now. You know, because the deep I get into this dieting phase, I'm changing two factors, two variables which are helping me continue to get linear. For one, I want to increase my activity level, more cardio and I want to decrease my calorie intake. And by doing both of those at the same time, it kind of gives you the best of both worlds. If you do no extra cardio, then you really have to fucking starve yourself. If you're being a bit more active on a day by day basis, you get a little bit more food. So that's why I can't help but like get curious why people aren't doing more cardio. Because the more cardio you do, the more food you get ate and not gain weight. There's a value of the burning it off sort of effect. So even if you don't want to be a die hard like, you know, diving, that case. If you are just more active in general, your baseline level of leanness is going to decrease. But enough of cardio, you happen. Let's run through some classics here. Get a little torso, check in at day 60. Is this day 60 or 61? Well, need away. Oh my gosh. Oh, goodness. Let's see what else is there. Not freaking much. Yeah, yeah. Usually all the fancy stuff. Kind of like, man to see. I don't know, that's more so for like, yeah, and to diving. But as you leaner, I mean, more poses will start to look more cool looking, right? I mean, even some shit just like, oh, goodness. Well, cardio complete. I'm starting to see a bit of shit. I mean, starting to see a little bit of like, abvane, just like creeping up down the middle. So yeah, definitely making some fucking moves that last wise. But I'm going to go up, do some more cable crunches or not some more, but do some cable crunches. I'll talk to Marks and see sit in arms up there. And for you, I will see you in the freaking car. All right, so Marks curl in in the bathroom in the background. So when it comes to abs, I mean, I've done a zillion different kind of ab workouts, like, all the gymnastics, all the diving stuff, very core focus. So I mean, I've done all the leg lifts and the crunches and the leg, especially like the V-ups and everything in planks. But, you know, I actually getting in to controlling my own workouts. I'm not doing those anymore, right? I'm going to treat my abs just like I treat any other muscle. So I'm not going to sit here and do a chest workout of like sets of a hundred pushups. Now, in an athletic training style, you're going to want to look at it a different way. But in a muscle building style, what works? Working sets reasonably loaded. And the way that I like that the most is something like this, kneeling, grab a rope, grab like a V-bar, grab anything, you can get a good grip on, and then just crunch. And the more you do it, I think it might be a, I think it's good I need to start reasonably light because then you can start to build a good connection of like feeling like you're actually pulling your rib cage down to your hips. Because that's all your abs are doing right? That's just that big chunk of fucking muscle crunching your torso inward. And once you got a good feeling of that, just spam these, man. And it doesn't take much. I used to go through periods where every lift or every morning after cardio, I would do some abs training like this, but they get so much work, just like living plus if you're a gym rat, you're going to be fudging your abs all the time in all your poses. They just don't really go away. Though I do an uptraining a little more and a little more in a dieting phase. And half of that is sort of bro science, old bodybuilder logic of you harden your abs into getting into compensation shape. And nine times out of freaking 10, all the old school bodybuilding logic ends up being proven right later. So, you know, I'm sure we're going to see the Jeff Nippard video, the scientific reason why ab training in a deficit is actually more, right? It doesn't change the fact that the shit's still true once you've got a study explaining it. So, all I'm going to do is camp out here. Do, I don't know, maybe seven or eight sets. You can probably do the stack once you get into it, but don't go too heavy that you start feeling like you're using your lats and you're like, I want to work my abs and that's all. Alright, There we go. It's been a minute since we had a little desk meal talk. So we got four pounds of ground beef thrown into a damn pot. Low. Give it a stir every couple of minutes. And then the real tricky part is just straining it out. So if you get a... I don't know. If you use the lid and close the lid on itself and then flip it around into some kind of strainer bowl, that's probably your best bet. But what I usually do is I just kind of smash all the ground beef into the bottom corner kind of an angle so that if I flip it sort of sideways, I can strain it all off without having it topple over and just splash hot like you just a beef juice all the free go over the place. But that's probably the biggest extent of my meal prep so far, just because it's the easiest because the protein, you know, not even a ton of carbs. I don't need a big ass bowl or like a rice cooker going all at once. Like if I were to have all my carbs per like for the entire day right now in rice, it'd be less than half of this bowl worth. So the only thing I really want to have prep is the protein. And having the ground beef right there, it's kind of just the best of both worlds because like you're saving yourself the time of having to cook individual portions at once. And you know, with anything else, there's almost no point prepping it. I guess like chicken turkey, if you're into a... If that's one of your main sources, but like something like egg whites, if I've got an egg white based meal, I'm just going to make that right then. I've seen guys prep the egg whites and it seems a little bit wild. But half a pound of ground beef, some low sugar ketchup, low fat mayonnaise, mustard, dill relish. It kind of gives me the essence of a hamburger, but no carbs from the no bun. A little bit from the ketchup, so even though it's low sugar, it's not no sugar. So this puts me in about 50 grams of protein. I think it was eight grams of carbs and then with the low fat mayonnaise, about 18 grams of fats. And that's not much, you know. I mean that only puts me like, like this isn't even a 500 calorie meal. So at my rate of consumption, I get to have four of these plus some snacks in between throughout the entire day. It's pretty filling. So one more tip I'll leave you with before you know, get back to this meal and we get back to it. Or I guess you can get back to whatever you were doing is I would highly recommend eat your protein first. Like if you're really doubting down to the point where you've got, uh, well, I guess I leverage my carbs in weird ways because like this isn't really low carb meal. I'm going to have a higher carb meal later. But if I've got a bowl or some portions of protein and then carbs, specifically be it rice, potatoes, anything, I'm going to try to eat the majority of the protein first. One more filling. And then you've already got this sort of like innate sensation from having food in your stomach. Like, okay, you've got some food in here. Finishing off with the treat, right? I mean, if you got rice with like some kind of like zero sugar, sweet teriyaki sauce, so I understand something like that's pretty sweet. Like that's good food. You get to eat that having already, you know, eating the fluff or whatever your main meal was. Just more filling, right? It really is having, well, you know, dessert after dinner. Now the dieting phase of things. That's not it's calling like just rice dessert. But you know, I really do think it plays into it. And I see a lot of studies about that. I mean, I'm not looking at these studies, of course, but I'm saying like I see it referenced where it's like, you know, your blood sugar releases much more flatlined. If you have protein first and then your carbs and half of that is probably just due to the fact that like when you eat any food at all, it's going to trigger an insulin release. So if you're eating your protein first, your body's already shooting out some insulin because it's got to send all these nutrients across your freaking cells. And then you eat your carbs. You're already in a state of like utilization of whatever those calories are. But that might begin a little specific compared to the regular like calories in calories out. Depth of things that we're, that we usually talk about. But I'm not joking, man. I mean, there's so much like, you can almost say like cheating the system that you can do when you've got a good grasp on how you're dieting, how the amount of foods that you're reading affects all sorts of end results. You know, I mean, if you're a die hard like health nut, like if you're watching the dude who's trying to like reverse his aging and he's like he's got this perfect sleep score for a year straight and that sort of shit like if you're looking at those sort of metrics like making sure all your levels and everything or within certain ranges, the diet is going to be a pretty damn important part of that. And then for us more on like a macro-scopic level, if I want to get bigger, I got to make sure the fuels there. And if I want to get leaner, I got to make sure that not too much fuel is there. You know, only you could think of yourself all me in pretty healthy. And then you got a big ass bowl of like salad with like Italian dressing, 30 grams of fats and then you've got like you know like a steak and potatoes, you think you're eating healthy and you just had a 1200 calorie meal and you're having a couple of those per day. Like it's not all about specific foods, the amounts like the pure calorie values. You gotta look into that a little bit like the taking one step further and getting into that sort of tracking, I promise results are to be gained from having done it. But that's a, you can't be forced, you know. I've said this a couple times. You can leave the lifter to the macro tracker. You can't force them to use it. But going into going into 2025, if you haven't really taken the calorie side of things, the diet side of things seriously, I'd recommend. But I'm going to sit here. Eat this, have another meal or two and then I got legs tonight. So, I'll see you for that tomorrow.