Alright, so it's early. It is much earlier than my last couple of lifts have been, which is a rather good thing for me, because I'm going to get back onto a more normal schedule. So, what I've got tonight, legs, hamstrings, quads, touch of adductors, maybe even a hint of calves, if I'm feeling a little extra crazy, and then they'll really be it. And the stakes are kind of low. I don't have any crazy, heavy sets of leg press or anything planned, which are making me anxious or kind of nervous for, because that's just not the kind of training I need to do right now. Frankly, the leg extension is probably going to be responsible for 75% of the quad stimulation, and then that'll be coupled with some sissy squats as well. Either on their own, or, as like a supersetter to kind of pre-exhaust kind of situation. And then hamstrings will just be hamstrings. Some are the else, cables specifically, because they just feel the best. Some cittacurls probably more likely some laying curls, actually, I sort of prefer the laying curl at this gym. It's like there's nothing wrong with the cittad one. Just doesn't feel as good, like this one for whatever reason, just doesn't click with me personally. And that's not a subjective thing. It's just something about the way that the seat is angled. Like, I'm sure you, machines like pull our machines, like leg extensions and hamstring curls or pre-chic curls, they're pretty well made to the point where most people can basically jump on any of them, at least if you're in like a reasonable height range. And it should feel pretty good. But for some reason, this one just doesn't, something's off. Pullovers are especially tricky. I mean, once you get guys a little bit taller too, I mean, making a pullover machine that really works with everybody. That's definitely, that's definitely a trick that trades for sure. But that's why it's not so, or it's probably not such an awesome idea to just copy. Some guys work out specifically, lift for lift, everything for everything, because odds are half the reason that that guy is picking certain machines and certain orders isn't because that machine is like magic. It just works pretty well for him. So if you want to do a pre-church type movement for buys and the machine weighted like plate loaded or stack loaded handle just doesn't really work for you. Just swap it out for dumbbell instead. You know, or that sort of thing. It'd be foolish just to do a movement specifically because it's that movement. And not try to think about what that movement is actually doing for you. So all that's to say is, if I've got a choice between a laying curl that feels really good and a seated curl that feels a little scrappy for me, I think you already know which one of those are going to pick. But this will be a pretty quick one. It shouldn't take more than an hour total. And then hopefully at the end there's some new quad veins I haven't seen before during the foes down, but no point speculating that. Her speculating about that now. I'm able to just get ready to go in there and make an happen. After all that smack talk, let's just do the seat of curl. And this is a light squeezing set. Like the hard part is going to be like imagine this is my leg. This hold at the bottom. And then we'll go from there. Lets do this as low to one.feeding kick once and start doing the same in the ass like that. And come up here. I've helped you. Here she goes. Yep YouTube Maybe Yep Oh yeah okay one more alright let's move on let's just repeat the exact same thing except now with a length roll moderate weight nothing too crazy nice sorry set to my preferred settings alright come on one more like that and the next one is going to be a much lighter squeeze except and then I think that'll be it just a two movement hamstring let's move on to quads this will be the last year oh my goodness alright never chuck the length by 50 40 and you're squeezing set this will have a full second hold of the top and then there's many spots if you want, see before? That's enough hamstrings. Big coat. Let's get some blood, sorry. I actually did three or four or five sets of adductors and a little bit of calf raises between that last set of hamstrings because of leg extensions taken. Let's get some leg extensions started. Light-ish five reps, five reps, five reps alternates just as kind of a quad starter. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood. Let's get some blood.