There we go. Alright, so planned for this reasonably early chest day. It's only 136. It's to fill my chest, left peg, right peg, and potentially some dealt action with as much blood as a humanly possible for me today. How I'm going to go about that? We'll just have to see. I can guarantee that there is going to be some plate loaded pressing action. There's a lot of the gyms that have been going to don't have this particular machine. We've got this gym does have, and it hasn't been coming here for a little while. So I can tell I've been doing a lot of cable-based pressing combined with like, you know, smith or barbell, but yeah. For today, making a little bit of a further trip so I can go to a gym that has a bit more machine pressing available. And sometimes it isn't given take like that. Like personally, I'm a pretty big fan of having multiple gym memberships. We're not just because each gym has different stuff that is kind of the main reason why I'm coming here today, but it's just nice. You know, it's a different place. It changes it up. And this might just be me, but sometimes the same gym gets a little bit more honest. But it's really to each their own. And it's playing a fitness still doing that free three month summer thing. Just wait for that to come around and try it out and see how you like it. But you know, that's the plan. And then I need to curb a mighty go, strength wise, and not lift too heavy. That's something that I've been pretty good about with quads, like I haven't been doing any insane sets of like, you know, smith swad and like press or anything. I've had it back off and touched. But I got to do the same thing with chest two. So I don't want to see any four plate action going around to keep it moderate. Because what am I trying to do here? You know, I'm not building any new tissue. All the stimulus that have given myself in the gym today. And for these next few months while I'm dieting down, it's not to completely destroy everything that I've got access to. It's just to totally reset my system, you know, or I know what it was at recent resistance. It's to stimulate whatever muscle of already built up and maintain it. You know, I don't need to completely thrashed my chest nor should I simply because I don't have the necessary recovery, right? Food and sleep, mainly food in this case. That's one thing that's really being restricted. So this is the time when I would be much more concerned about the idea of overdoing it, right? Overtreem because in a roundabout way, you could say that if I go too heavy and I start doing too much weight based stuff that I'm not really ready for, then I'd be overtreem. I think a better explanation for that isn't necessarily overtreening. More so, it's going to be along the lines of under recovery. Because if you're eating in a bulking caloric intake, you can go pretty nuts on the regular in the gym and be able to come back from it and do it again. But in a deficit, especially damn near a 2000 calorie intake deficit, I get to be a little bit more methodical with this training, much more stimulation rather than an eye-election. But, I mean, no point in appointing a loot, a loot, a looting to it, any further? How about we just get started with whatever movement number one that's available? Let's not get too crazy. Mimnits of thrichlates. Mimnits. Mimnits. Ah, one or two more. Holy crap. This might be the first lift I'm really feeling that that was the last one. Oh, my god. One more of these. Maybe you dropped it. And then this will fly. Oh, my god. One more of these. Maybe you dropped it. And then this will fly. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, that's enough. Oh, my god. Let's move on. Let's get a straight set of pep deck going. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh, yeah. Oh, one more. And then I think finishing with that flat chest muscle is perfect. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Just got to double trouble both the other chest presses. I was going to grab her occupied. It's pretty good too. Don't. Let's do it. Sit here. Do you have feels? If I'm fully pumped, I'll follow. And if we go move on, it's something else. That's good. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my god. Oh. Oh. Huh. You give them to the skies. Let's see one more. How did you feel? Really good today. Usually I give a ton of burnt doubts here. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh my god. Oh. Let's go pull it down. Just complete. Okay. There we go. Exposure at a freaky level. I think there's nothing else to discuss. Hard sets of a variety of styles. Some more brutish. Some more squeezing isolation focused in others. Overall, I'd say I ended up doing a pretty damn freaky pop. If I do say so myself. But let's just let it, you know, do it on top. Oh my gosh. Oh my god. Holy crap. You can just stand in here. Maybe not lightheaded, but I can tell it. Built up some pretty silly itch you need. So for you, let's go to the car. For me, I'm going to camp out on the cardio bike for a little bit longer. But this is a pretty good step in the right direction, especially right around here. Like these real grainy looking lines. That's what I really live in before. I can now I want to do one more of a like most mustier to look at. Oh my god. Yeah, for you, let's go to the car for me. Got a little more cardio to do. That was what I would call a good lift. Kind of dense. Definitely felt some calorie deficit induced fatigue. But in no way, do I want that to come off as a complete? Not only just because it's like this is just part of the deal. You know, even for the calorie deficit, if I want to get extra lean, it's just the nature of course. But if you really like dwell and you just focus on the downsides of things, then how can you ever expect to make anything freaking cool happen? You know, so two guys can come into the gym. They've only eaten a thousand calories so far. They're feeding for some grub. You know, I'm not going to let's be real. It would probably feel pretty good to have like a quick, like gas station stop and get a bunch of cookies or whatever kind of sweets like that. Like that's certainly a force sort of rising up from my belly. It means mainly right now. But my brain is telling myself rightfully so. That's not conducive of what your goals are, right? I was about to say suck it up. Maybe not suck it up to per se. But it's like, you know, if you want to do something, even if it's hard, sometimes you really do just have to stick with it. Because if you don't, then guess what? The results are lack thereof. We'll show themselves regardless. So it's like, oh man, I should really be, I should really try to get in shape this year. You know, I've been meaning to do it. It's that statement. It's very powerful. There's a very strong and vast amount of potential behind that statement. But it's got to be actualized. It's got to be taken into reality by way of just consistent action. And it's not glamorous. It's not fun. It's not really exciting every day to make sure you're in a deficit. Every day to make sure you're doing a half hour cardio. Or if you're trying to get extra crazy and hour cardio in the morning. And then 30 minutes of cardio after your workout. Like, it's, that's not really the fun part because it's pretty uncomfortable. And the results that you're aiming for are going to take weeks to, you know, make themselves a lot of money. You know, make themselves a parent. But those, that time is going to pass anyway. Right? So think about it like this. We'd rather look back in the last four months or three months or even just a few weeks. And be able to say to yourself, yeah, we're hard. I've been locked in. How you? Or man. Can't believe I finished the battle pass in three days. Nice. You know, and a contrary to popular belief. Those two things can go hand-in-hand. You know, the fitness isn't supposed to, um, it's not supposed to make your life revolve around it. It's just supposed to add to it, you know? So, and, I'd like to say, add to it. No, add to it. So it's like, I'm taking the too far. Anybody who's the serious gym rat like bodybuilder, S kind of guy, they're making the gym their thing. And sometimes they have to add this little disclaimer. Like, I don't think everybody should take it that far. I think everybody should have a thing that they really dive into. And if that thing ends up being like fitness or working out, then that's totally cool. But everybody should be working out at least a bit. I mean, it's, uh, we all know it too. You know, this year, everybody in their mom is going to be talking about, oh, man. Uncle Jeff, he said he was going to start lifting again. Just like he said last year. Just like he said the year before that. Like, it's going to be a topic of conversation, you know. And even if it's not brought up, like, I'm not even joking. Like, there's no hint of anything here. And like, I'm not trying to dog and anybody specifically either. But if you've got a bit of a better grasping control over your general fitness, I feel like you're just coming at basically every situation in life with a little bit more of an advantage. So, I mean, that's why you're never going to hear me stop talking about the calories and the mac rows and the training and making sure you're well hydrated and well slept. Because it doesn't just have to do with, like, your physicality and like, how you get to walk around and like, how good you look or anything. But the rest, the diet, the hydration. If those things are all in place, just going about life is so much nicer. You know, if you don't get enough sleep, odds are you're going to be more irritable. You're going to have less fun doing your day just because you're, like, residually stressed from, you know, getting four hours of sleep on average per night. Same thing if all you, if all you drink is like, you know, some kind of Starbucks, something or other, and then a Coke zero for lunch, and maybe another one for dinner or, you know, and the problem isn't the fact that it's a diet soda. The problem is you only drink like 750 milliliters of water for the entire day, or I guess what would that be in courts? A court? I don't know. I get, I'm, when it comes to liquids, so much more metric minded. But, you know, the problem isn't that you had a diet soda. The problem is you drink less than a liter of water for an entire day. It's not enough. So if you've got all those things in place, just everything that you do, you'll be able to enjoy more. So, you know, I can hear me stop talking about that for, well, forever. But, either way, planned for today's post-workout meal. I can guarantee that there will be some, what will there be? There'll be some ground beef. I just got a bunch of ground turkey. I'm probably going to cook that once my ground beef stores have been depleted. Because what I've been doing is I just cook about five pounds worth at once in a big pot. You know, low, slow, just let it kind of simmer until it's browned. Strain off the fat, poured into a bowl with like three paper, three layers of paper towels on the bottom. Three on top. Give it a good, smoosh, to kind of squeeze out some of the extra fat. But, yeah, I need to get a bit more control over that. Because I'm not exactly sure how much fat is in each ounce of that ground beef. Because it's going to vary based on like the butcher and the amount of everything. Like, I've even seen some comments saying the guys were there, you know, behind the scenes, somehow or another. And they've got a good understanding of like, yeah, that body, body. Yeah, that lean, like percentage of the ground beef is kind of just an estimate. Like, it can vary pretty vastly. So that's where I think if I want to, you know, make sure I've got as complete a grasp over my calorie intake as possible. I got to switch to some more lean, dedicated protein sources. Cartons of egg whites are absolutely perfect because they have a negligible amount of fat, like less than a gram. So I know that I'm not getting extra calories in that I haven't taken account of. And I think the lean turkey, like the 99% ground turkey, will be able to do the same thing for me. Plus, it's not as like, I mean, not to swear or chill. But it's not as trash as the deli-turk. Like, don't worry, I'm aware that the deli-turk is probably not as awesome as the ground turkey. And now that I say that makes me curious, is the ground turkey even better. Because when the ground turkey just be at like a few steps before, well, either way, I want to make sure that I don't let any stray calories into my system that I haven't taken account of. Because if I do, I'm screwed. The whole point of tracking everything and making sure I do all this cardio and training and weigh myself is I want to make sure that every day I'm eating this much. And I'm eating this many calories and I'm burning this many calories. And this little gap right here, it's a deficit, right? So if I'm in a 300 or something calorie deficit, then what that means is every day I'm going to be burning about a tenth-ish of a pound of body fat. Somebody corrected me the comments before, so I think I forget the real number. But the basic just is if you eat 2500 calories a day and you stay the same weight. Or if you go online and you look up maintenance calorie calculator, you plug in your height, your weight, your activity level, your age, all sorts of everything. It gives you a good estimate of how many calories your body is burning every day. So let's say your 19 male, 5.10, 100 at a pounds, 12% body fat. You get some abs, you get some bicep veins. You work at 6 days a week, so you write like 6 times a week, vigorous exercise, enter. And it's going to come out with, let's just say, 2700 calories. So what that would mean is if you eat 2700 calories per day, you're going to stay the same weight. Now, I mean, you might main game muscle slowly over time. I'm not against main gaming, but what I'm trying to get at is if that guy specifically wants to lose about, you know, let's say a pound of body fat per week, assuming that a pound of body fat is worth 3000 calories, which might be wrong, just some just saying, you know, for the sake of this little analogy, then that would mean that every day of that week, he has to be in about a 400 calorie deficit. That would add up to that 3000 calorie limit. So every day, if he ate 2300 calories, he should lose about that much weight per week, because that deficit will add up. So if every day I'm in a 300 calorie deficit, after 100 days, I will have been essentially in a 30,000, yeah, a 30,000 calorie deficit, which if a pound of body fat is worth 3000 calories, that would put me at 10 pounds lost. So if it was 2500, then I would look at it. But that's the just, making sure that every day you burn this much, and you only eat this much. And as much value as there is in some of the fasting, like all the literature of like, well, you know, if you do fast it high intensity, cardio, interval training, you actually burn 14% more body fat than if you do, look, there's total value to that, and I bet these studies are freaking cutting edge, but there really is no getting around. You have to eat less calories than you burn every day. And it really can be as simple as that. Now obviously there's a lot of tips and tricks to make sure you eat protein, you focus meals, so my fluff kind of foods, a lot of vegetables. Like every time I make eggs now, I add about half a bag of like a pre-chop salad, and you do it so that once the eggs are fully cooked, they have a little bit more body to them. And I feel more full because I physically just eat more food at the cost of only like six grams of carbs, and the vegetables. But that really all, that's, that really all it is. That's really all there is to it. At the most boiled down level, obviously it's very detailed thing to really lock into or routine like that because you got to take a new count. You're on a situation what you can stick to, the kind of foods that you like, foods that don't agree with you. I mean, not to, not to get too personal here, but if we're talking about dieting, I mean it's worth mentioning, there are these little like flavored tuna packets, where it's just an unsealed thing, like an aluminum, whatever container. And there was one that I just loved, it was like a honey barbecue. It was like three grams of carbs, two grams of fat, like 14 grams of protein per pouch. And it tasted awesome. I've, I've made videos about it before, like way back in the archive, I'm sitting at a post-work at Meoward Brots, low carb bun to put some of those tuna packets on it. But for whatever reason, it just completely turns my stomach upside down in backwards if you don't say it. So it's like that food specifically, does not agree with me. And that's something that you can only find out from, you know, practice it, this kind of stuff. You know, so it's, you're not going to hear me stop talking about it, because that's where I feel a lot of platos that can be broken through. Whether you're a power lifter, regular kind of bodybuilder, you're just trying to go on a solid fat loss, like journey progression, then, I mean, if you're not looking into the calorie side of things and the dieting side of things, then, you know, you're trying to play chess without half your characters, you know, without half your pieces. And they're right there, but it does take a little while to get used to learning the gist. So if I have one idea, if I have one like, that's the word, well, idea that I get somehow in depth, into all lifters across the world, tomorrow, just like, what was it like, the three body problem where everybody like heard the same thing? But either way, if I could take one idea and it's still into the minds of all lifters, it would be trying to put, not even try, put a lot of value over your calorie intake. And then, you know, do it for a few months and just see what happens, you know, no pressure. But I think that's all I got to say there. I am going to sleep like a baby, I can guarantee it. I'm all, I get it actually probably fight off taking a nap because if I took a two hour nap right now, I am going to have some trouble going to sleep later tonight. But either way, I'm going to recover from this workout, continue my, what's the word, light policies, fat loss, and then just keep this shit going. So, I would say tomorrow for what I hope to be my vanniest backpump yet. I love that I can say that, as much as I love being bulked up, being lean is pretty cool too. So, I get the best of both worlds with the bulk of the cutting. So, I'll see you tomorrow.