Alright, so this isn't gonna be a rambly car talk. I've actually got a pretty cohesive idea that I think we can have a bit of a discussion about on the way the legs today. And what that is is in relation to dieting. You know, as much as as much value as there is to knowing the rules, come on. That's not what we really care about. We care about how much can we get away with breaking them. You know, so okay, you know, I want to get lean obviously. If I ate only, you know, 250 grams of protein worth of chicken and let's say four ounces of broccoli, every meal, even lean throughout the day. I can guarantee how to get lean. I would lose body fat because I'd be in a deficit for sure. I mean, I could count the macros but like, why bother? You know, if you knew that you were only eating half a pound of plain turkey breast in four ounces of broccoli five times a day, not only can I guarantee you're gonna know that's not gonna be enough food to make you fill up if you try doing that. Yeah, you are going to feel hungry for sure. But that's not realistic, you know, that's not how we roll. We're not just a computer going through a process because there's the subjective side of just being where you get some pretty damn strong evolutionary needs to eat. Your body is telling you, eat some food, man. You were starving. So how do you get around that? And not only that, you know, in the context of like, all right, well, let's spice things up, bust out the fat free cheese, bust out the low sugar, barbecue sauce, bust out like a diet soda, little things like that is just, you know, basic dieting tricks. There's also, okay, look, I've been, I'm interested in this dieting thing, but what happens if I want to go crazy? You know, what happens if one day I want to say screw it? I don't want to count my calories. I just want to eat, I don't even want to think about it. I'm gonna eat as much as I'm hungry for. Frankly, I'm gonna eat till I feel sick. How many times can I do that? And I think there's an answer for you. So over the course of this, so far, two and a half month dieting phase, I think, because I'm at now actually three months. So now I'm at, um, now I'm at day 93. I've been easing my way down. So the first month really I was just eating when I was hungry, because I was coming off of a Bolton phase where I was eating a ton of food, basically forced eating, you know, eating more food than I was really hungry for. So for me to suddenly stop forcing food, now I'm eating less. So the first month, pretty easy. I tracked everything. And after those first kind of three, four weeks or so, I was averaging about 3300 calories. I was doing 30 minutes of cardio in the morning. And that was about, you know, what I was doing on average to bring me down from like a peak bulk to weight of like 260, and immediately drop 10 pounds of carbs in water, and then steadily get down to like a 260 or like a 255, 253-ish. But after that immediate weight drop, now eating 3300 calories a day and doing 30 minutes of cardio a day, that wasn't enough to keep losing weight. That was now my new maintenance for that weight of like 255. So over the course of the next four weeks, I had to decrease my food intake. I had to drop it from that 3300 down to like 3000. Make that my new max, then a little lower, even down to like, you know, 2600. And that was over the course of like that second to, you know, halfway through the third-ish month. And then now I've reached the point where I got to hit about 1900, 2000 calories, and then do two hours of cardio a day and hour in the morning, and then an hour post workout, consistently if I want to keep getting leaner, because over the course of a dieting phase, what's going to happen is your body is always constantly trying to adjust to whatever amount of food that you're eating. Like if I was somehow locked up per se, and only given 2000 calories to eat every day, eventually I would lose enough weight, and then stay a certain weight because now 2000 calories is just how much food I need to stay that same size, right? And eventually my body would adapt to it. So if I want to continue losing weight, I'm going to have to decrease that over time. And it's a slow process, but here I've got a, I've got a little picture of just going from the end of October to the beginning of January. This is, that's a pretty substantial difference. Like looking at that, you, I mean, like that's definitely bolt, and that's definitely cut, right? But on a day by day basis, I, I won't even notice any difference. Like it's very subtle. It really doesn't change that much. So that's where the, the problem is sometimes, you know, not seeing any results on a day by day basis. It can be a little bit demotivated. But what I'm trying to get at is every day that I stuck to a calorie deficit, made sure I didn't, you know, go too crazy. I ate that number, whether it was 2600 or 3000 or now can all do it at like 2000 or so. If I hit whatever that number is, and I stay on my deficit, then every day, slowly, I'm going to burn through some of my spare energy stores in my body, my body fat, right? So if I'm trying to, you know, run a marathon, or I don't know, it, I really get, you know, it's kind of hard analogy to make because it's like a long term thing. But let's say, every day I need to walk three miles, you know, I'm doing like a slow track or something. I'm going cross country, you know, every day I got to make it three miles, and then at the end of it, I need to reach my goal, which, let's say, it's to go 50 miles. And that could be, let's just relate that to it. I'm trying to lose 20 pounds of body fat, right? So every day I'm burning through, you know, over the course of four months, what is that like, whatever, let's say, point one pound's a body fat, every day. So every day that I stick to my deficit, do my cardio, and don't over eat, I'm going to take a little step for their close and my goal, and burn that point one pound a body fat, which is completely negligible on day by day basis, but over time, we'll begin to seriously add up. So what I'm getting that in terms of, okay, just how strict do you have to be, you have a little bit of wiggle room, that's for sure, because cheating on your diet over eating like crazy is essentially halting that progress and halting that fat loss, because the whole point of, you know, dieting at all is limiting the amount of food and energy that goes into your mouth, right? Food, and then making your body use energy that it's starting to get stored up, like your body fat, as energy, just keep yourself running as a machine. So if you eat a crazy amount, let's say you've dieted down, you've lost 10 pounds, it's been, or let's say you've only lost five pounds, but just still pretty substantial, and you do that in two months, and you've been steadily declining, you've been good, you've been locked in, you've been hitting those numbers, and not over anything. If you had a day where you just said, I don't want to count any calories today, I just lost five pounds over the last two months, let's just go nuts today. I don't think you could ruin it. You could not ruin your progress in one day, unless you ate like a million freaking calories, but you could even eat five thousand, like a total splurge day and say, oh my god, Jesus, I wouldn't freaking nuts. As long as that was enough to get it out of your system, and then for the following subsequent month, you've got back onto that calorie deficit, and you stayed under those numbers, then you'd be good. In terms of your morning weight, that would just be a little blip, and then you'd get back to your progress. But the problem is, you don't get a lot of those. You don't get a lot of get out of jail free cards with a diet. You can have maybe one totally go nuts eat as much food as you want day. Oh, probably every eight weeks. Like if you're really into a legit calorie deficit, you're losing about one pound of body fat per week, I'd say you're good for once every two months, you can really say, I don't even want to think about it today. I want to eat whatever I want. I'm going to Caines, I'm going to crumble, I'm getting some sheets spicy chicken sandwiches with all the fixens, like I'm eating today. I'd say you probably got one of those every eight months, so it's not something you can really cheat too bad. Most of the tricks that actually end up working for me, but aren't like, okay, how many more good days kind of have before have a crazy day? It's more so trying to fit in calorie smart treats on a day-by-day basis. When you're at the store, stop by the dieting section of things, with all the protein powder, the vitamins, and get a couple of look around for some of the quest bars, the protein cookies, or little things like that, where the macros aren't insane. It still has like 14 grams of fat, like 10 grams of carbs, with 20 grams of what is way isilet, so it's not like trash protein. I probably wouldn't recommend you only eat like 10 of those every day, as your protein source, but once every so often, it's still fine. So I'm working turn to make ensure every day, I have some treats like that that are just cohesive with my dieting goals. Because if I do that, then I don't develop that urge to totally go nuts, and have it insane, cheap day, where I just have to eat everything in freaking sight. So for every time that I eat a bowl of scrambled egg whites, with like a chop salad, and the fat free cheese, the barbecue sauce, or like plain ground turkey, or plain ground chicken, or plain ground beef, with any sort of like diet-friendly, like sugar-free teriyaki, or sugar-free whatever. That's usually coupled with on the side, like a little bowl of frozen berries, with some like sugar-free chocolate syrup on top, or, I mean, just like a straight diet soda, to sip on to kind of get a little bit of a sweetness kick. Like doing that consistently, for me, at least works. And that's not something which I suddenly knew out of the gate. It's just, you know, something I've kind of been practicing with. So before you can get to the point where you're really good at, you know, intuitively eating and tracking your macros and everything else, or like knowing what macros you need to eat on specific days, then that's why I would just recommend, get a macro tracker, you know, maybe look up an online, look up a YouTube video, like how to count my calories, or how to calculate my count, like look up calorie counting for muscle growth. There's a million, like, multi, well, maybe a million, there's at least a solid handful, like multi-milion, like high-production, very easily digestible videos. Talk to them at Count Your Protein, Count Your Calories, Count Your Cardio. Everything else along those lines that are going to come into play with your body fat goals, or your body fat loss goals. And then, just try to practice it. For just one day, try to count all the calories that you ate. Don't even limit it. Like don't even try to be extra good because you're counting, you know, because, oh, I'm watching myself now, Count, I'm like, can't have any treats now. Like, just every time you grab a little, like, handful of skittles or handful, like, pretzels or something out of the fridge, or out of the pantry, if you have a food scale even better, that'll make that process a lot easier. Just try to count everything. You know, just try to track all those macros, and then, before you know it, you'll start to have a little bit of a sixth sense, you know? I always reference it like I can, like, I took the red pill, you know? Now, instead of just looking at a plain meal or a handful of candy or anything, I have a pretty good estimation of just how many fat scarves and proteins are in all this food. And it's not like a magic sort of trick or anything. It's just practice, you know? So now, if you've fed me, if you handed me, like, a quarter pound burger from restaurant, I can look at the bun, I can look at how much manny is on it. I can sort of tell just looking at, like, the grease in the sever, but in the size of the fries and whatever kind of, you know, like hamburger sauce is in a little dish as like a dip or whatever. I've got a pretty good estimation of, okay? A little bit on the greasy side, plus the mayo. Yeah, I mean, that's 40 grams of fat right there for sure. And that's a pretty thick bun with the potatoes, with those fries. And you're talking 100 grams of carbs and that's plate. And then, look, like, there looks like they kind of skimmed me. That's definitely less than a quarter pounder. I really don't know what's like 20 grams of protein. You know, or you're just something along those lines. To the point where I'm kind of surprised, nobody's done the A, what's the, what's the, what's the price, like the calories are right, like a price is right kind of remake, where you put lifters in front of like ran and plates of meals. And you make them guess the exact macro content, like fat's proteins, carbs, of what they're looking at. But all that's to say is the root skill, which you're going to build from, that's going to make all this dieting much easier to grasp and to implement for you, is going to be that tracking. Because if you don't have those numbers and you're not really knowing how much food is even, you know, being consumed for you for the whole day, then you're flying blind, you know? So when you couple that with tracking, you're morning, weight, every morning, especially if you write it down and you're really track everything, I'll go through periods where I enter all my morning weights into like Google sheets and stuff. I haven't really done it for a little while. I should probably get back onto it. But you know, I know, okay, crap man, I've been 233, you know, 233, 233.5, 234 for the last week, crap. I got to step it up man, so that means a better decrease the calorie intake, you know, and then sort of adjust from there. But that's all I got to say about that. So plan for the lift with legs, hamstrings, quads, adductors, calves, the usual. So we'll just kind of explain that as we go. I had some decent legs starting with cable RdLs two like days ago, so let's just maintain that approach. And this is like, like, this is, in the scheme of things, this is a light squeezing set. Like instead of starting with a skull crusher, I'm starting with a light roping extension. At least, you know, the hamstring. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, we got a can. Oh. Oh. Yeah. Let's just do a few more of those. Very different feeling than a hamstring could have us for sure. So as much as I love hamstring curls, you probably miss an out of for not having any hip hinge in hamstring focus working your lifts. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yeah. If it's a good one, I'm going to need one more set of freaking slaying curls. I don't know. I meant sea curls. So let's try to make this one nice. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, my gosh. I think that's enough. Yeah. Those freaking arty else did more damage than I expected. Like that. Alternating. Five, five, five, five, five, five, five. And then, let's go from there. There we go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. Let's try double it, set next. Same basic approach though. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, gosh. That's a big free. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, you're happy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my gosh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. is only getting more and more freaking defined. And honestly, looking at them, whoa, that's some new calf veins I've never seen before. I get this. Well, oh, all that's to say is I think quads are coming along reasonably nicely. But honestly, looking at them pumped isn't really the best representation right now. Because all the really cool shit is when they're un pumped and the gaps and lines and little feathering and muscular detail is a bit more parent. And that's usually, you know, pre-morting cardio. But for you, let's get in the car. For me, I'm headed back up. I'm going to camp out of the Andorchum machine and see the calf veins. Listen, it's a music, listen, whatever. And I'll see you in the camera. There we go. Legs complete more than reasonably pumped. Now all I get to go do is chill. Really, my primary objective is actually lack of action, lack of eating, which is actually harder than you might think. I've kind of been bouncing between thinking if it's easier for me to bulk up or cut down. And that is a pretty, very spectrum because for, I would say, probably the majority. It definitely leans towards, it's a little easier to bulk up. It's easier to put down a ton of food and just, you know, keep scarfing it. That's kind of what we're wired for. But for some, bulk it up, it's pretty tricky. You know, like actually eating more than you have an appetite for it. It just makes you feel sick, you know? So that's one part of lifting in terms of the genetic side of things. Or potentially you're just upbringing where sometimes it's, maybe not unfair but unbalanced. You know, because some dude can, you know, come work out pretty consistently and then have a super crazy low appetite compared to the next guy. And then he's going to be walking around lean 24 or 3.7 as if he were actually, like, constantly dieting. Because for him, like, that's just kind of his baseline state. Like, he doesn't really have a huge urge pushing him to eat more food, you know? And then for somebody else, a little bit of the heavier side of things, where, you know, it's just starting, you know, big meals, everything else. Or if you are raised to real kind of tough, like, finish your plate, whatever, whatever. You know, no, I'm no food psychologist, but, you know, for whatever reason, some guys have a harder time back and off. But in the fork down. And it's not something to be taken lightly because it is pretty freaking hard, you know? Like, if you really want to get strict about it, it's hard to just dip your toes into dieting one way or the other. Boking up, or cutting down. You really do have to kind of go full bore if you want to see those results. So, for anybody who has an easier time bulking up, you're going to be bigger, you're going to be stronger, but you're going to have a trick here time when it comes when lean season comes around. That is if you even want to, you know, get yourself leaner, not everybody really does. And then for anybody who's a little bit on the skin of your side, at least in terms of body fat, I'm going to talk in musculature. And then for them, hey man, you know, from outside perspective, people are going to think, oh, dude, you're so freaking spoiled man. You're always leaner around, but, you know, some guys are walking around like 160 pretty lean, like musculer, like I would say pretty impressive and good looking. For them, you know, it's a little bit harder to beef up, so they've got their own set of problems. So it's not like, it's just something that you've got to be a little bit of a secure situation about, you know. So if you've got an easier time bulking up, you're going to have to put more effort into cutting down when that time comes around, and vice versa. But it's not a situation that's completely beyond your control. You know, it might feel like that, especially if you've never really gotten into good before. Like guys where they say, oh, I kind of crazy fast metabolism girl, I can't gain weight no matter how hard I try. If that guy ate enough food, then he would start gaining weight. You know, but it definitely feels like a monster's amount. So it's kind of just an exposure type situation. But if you can recognize your weaknesses like that, then it becomes a little bit easier, at least you've taken a good step towards trying to work on them, because identifying a problem is step one to actually solving it. So getting back to what I was saying for me, I'm kind of writing the middle. Like honestly, I've done it long enough, which gives me an advantage because I've had a lot of practice bulking up and cutting down. So I do have a bit of, I'd say, yeah, I mean, I would say a higher skill level at regulating my diet like that, just from having gone through the process. But I'd say when I was younger, I would lean towards obviously the easier to stay leaner side of things. But now I'm kind of writing the middle where, for the first few months of dieting, I'm like, the end dieting, so freaking easy. I got no problem doing this. I love it. And then towards the end, like, where I'm at now, this is definitely not a passive state that I'm in. Like this is requiring some pretty serious effort. And then vice versa. The first two months, or the first three months of this next bulking phase, that's going to come after this, is going to feel like butter. I'm going to say, oh, crap. I can eat so much food. This is great. I love it. But once it starts getting hard, that's what I'm going to say. All right. It's new, and I only have a thousand calories about it. I need a big meal, but I have a big lunch. So it's just something where you got to recognize the state that you're in. So that's kind of all I was getting out there. But five, oh six. Oh, good. I was about to say I'm getting ready for bed. I'm not exactly. But probably won't be in bad mood, getting trying to turn in early. Not like six o'clock, you know, seven year old man early, but earlier, frankly, I don't remember the last time I went to bed before nine o'clock, but I would not mind if that's how it tonight ends. Because the long-grams sleep in the less time that I'm, you know, sitting in the house, thinking about food to grow on. So postwork at meal. I'm probably looking at a bag of steamed broccoli with some melted fat free cheese on top. Some salt, low sugar barbecue sauce, paired with eight ounces of ground lean turkey. I think that, I don't think there's any fat in that meal. There might be like a gram or two spread across the whole thing, but pretty low. Because there's no fat in the broccoli. There's no fat in the fat free cheese. There's no fat in that barbecue sauce. And the lean ground turkey breasts, or, I guess, just lean ground turkey. I don't know what cut it is. That's like 99.1%. And when I cooked all that, I gave it a real good strain and it kind of a squish in between two layers of paper towels. So if there are any oils flowing around, I think I got most of them out. So, yeah. That's my, yeah, that's the plan for the rest of my night. And I already tell them that legs are freaking thrashed. I might be due for another freaking rest day kind of soon. And that doesn't really surprise me. I mean, in a state where I'm eating a ton of food, and I'm already kind of used to the daily training, then working out of the regular, especially in a bulking context, I mean, that's just part of the course for me. But now, getting into such a steep deficit with so much cardio, the stimulus of the actual lifts could be kind of overreaching to the point of, you know, gradually just increasing my fatigue day by day by day. So don't think I'm anti-resting. You know, when they're necessary, they are necessary. My, I just kind of lean towards the side of, maybe overdoing it just for the sake of making sure that I go far enough, because, you know, if I don't feel like I really need a rest day, I don't want to take a rest day. Now, maybe that's just a chip on my shoulder kind of thing, but just how I've been rolling ever since the day one. So I think that's all I got there. I have a chest day tomorrow. We're sure, really sure about... Oh, if I had to pick, and I usually say that I'm kind of, you know, impartial, because obviously all lifts are cool for their own reasons. But if I had to pick one, I do think chest is probably my favorite. Especially the, the pose down, the pump check afterward, because with a chest pump, just the whole process of doing a chest day, it sort of turns into a full on frontal torso pump. Because obviously chest is going crazy. Shoulders got a little bit of work from acting as sort of stabilizers for most of the movements, so they've got a little lecture blood flow. Doing any kind of fly-based movement, put some tension on my biceps, so they get a little bit of work as well. And then any pressing movement, you know, I guess if you were a serious, you know, mind muscle control, or mind muscle connection like Buddhists, and you could do a chest day with no tricep activation. But I'm not at that level yet, so my triceps get a little bit of extra blood flow too. So at the end of a chest day, especially in like a crab style, most muscular with all my cheese. Well, I just love it, so I'm sure I'm sure I'm going to have a dream of that chest workout tomorrow, so I wonder if that dream is going to turn into reality. I guess we'll just have to wait and see. But that's all I get. Hopefully you're enjoying your snowy season, if you're in a climate like that. I don't know why I am. It's definitely a bit more scenic than just, you know, grey muggyness, right? It's not a freaking October anymore. It's not November anymore. We're talking January. This is full on. I'm freaking winter shred of thong type action. But now I'm just rambling. I will see you for a chest day tomorrow.