Alright, 748, a perfectly dark time to get some legs going. Hams, quads, touch a adductor's calves I've been doing in the morning with the cardio, so those kind of, I like to separate from the main lift, but that'll be the plan for tonight. And quads I'm not going to go so crazy on. I can't, because now I'm getting into what I would really start to consider a legit deficit so if I overdue it with the quad training, I end up just feeling it, take its toll, mean-wise, kind of like just, like, sornus in a bad way, kind of thing. Like not, like more of an ache instead of, you know, just a regular tenderness from squatting, so having it just because, you know, crazy, heavy quad lifts, they demand a pretty serious amount of energy, and it's just an angel now, right now. Which kind of sucks, because it makes me a little bit less excited for legs, because the leg training is supposed to be nuts, like I enjoy the fact that legs is, like, you know, kind of an anxious experience sometimes with a really heavy, you know, sets the squats, be it like Smith, Barbell, even the leg press are really getting going too. Like it's a, it's a very full body-fucking experience, freaking experience, so, you know, to have to kind of neuter it a little bit and back off and do more, just like squeezing leg extensions, you know, not my favorite thing in the world. But in exchange, they're getting leaner and sticking with the deficit, that's just kind of the give-and-take, right? I mean, I've been saying this for a while, the training will suffer a little bit from being basically underfed. I mean, that's what I am right now. I'm not eating enough to stay the same way. I'm physically getting lighter over time. My body's being forced to use its internal resources for energy, so it'd be expected to actual, like, physical performance would begin to dwindle just to touch. And like, nothing crazy. I'm still benching pretty heavy, still doing push down to, like, you know, still squatting. Like, this squat strength is there, but, you know, it just kind of sucks half of the whole of yourself back like that. Like, there's a certain energy, like there's a certain feeling where your full of carbs, even just when your full of carbs walking around, like, you feel like a tank. And it doesn't matter if you're 250 pounds or 180 pounds, the feeling of being carb-ed up is just, I think it's even across the board. But yeah, so playing for tonight, hamstrings, quads, make sure I get them as pumped as possible. Just not as destroyed as possible. And it's been a little while, so let's head to a specific yellow and purple gym for tonight's lifts. But one thing which I have a pretty strong stance about, but I don't usually, like, force it so much as, like, the cardio and the calorie tracking and the training intensity. Like, those are the big three because those are easy to get behind. And I can really stand behind those 100% because, in a training context, that is where a substantial amount of potential results lie in improving the diet, improving the training intensity and consistency, as well as making sure that the main, because what muscle you're hitting every fucking day, every freaking day, you know, not your own touch of chest, you're dang heart. So if your cardio isn't enough enough, not only is it just bad for you at general, like, doing your cardio is, uh, there's no way around it, doing your cardio is just a good for you. But also, in a more direct response action kind of way, your training will improve. Like, the lifts that the leg damage about to have tonight, I'm gonna feel much better since I've been doing consistent cardio because I'm not gonna get so winded. Like, I'll still be huffing and puffing once you reach, like, over 230, that's just kind of the nature of it, but I'm not gonna be dying there. I'll still be able to catch my breath well enough, where on longer sets of hand string curls or radios or squats, I don't have to rack the weight because I have to catch my breath, and I'm getting fatigued in my whole body. The only thing that should go with the thing that should go first is the direct muscle that I'm trained. So calories, cardio, intensity. Those are the big three, those are the pillars which are gonna hold you up, working out wise, progress wise, and really just like walking around wise, you know. I think the baseline level of enjoyment from somebody to be in decent shape versus somebody's, you know, a little bit worse off, maybe a little bit higher on the body fat percentage range, and not in, like, a linebacker athletic kind of way. I do think the drone room group, and it's not improvements for no reason, because it just kind of feel better. This is a decent analogy, and I'm kind of, I'm kind of stepping into territory, I don't really belong, because I've never had to go through the process of losing a crazy amount of body fat, so that I, you know, I don't know your story of this as you, but if you get a carry around a 50 pound backpack, all the time, no matter what, don't you think it probably just fucking lose it, freaking lose it, I mean, it might take a while, and it's definitely not easy, but it would be 50 pounds lighter, just walking around, you know. But, but that's ever you do exactly, you know, that's not for me to tell you. But those are the three things which I can preach wholeheartedly, and we'll probably never stop talking about, and the one that I know get into is a much, because it's a little bit touchy is avoiding things that are going to hurt your gains, right? Number one, a certain little, a certain little liquid, most often found, you know, red solo cut, right? I'm talking about going out drinking, or probably even worse staying in drink, and now we're just getting into straight substance problems there. But it's, I mean, you're literally hindering your recovery, you know. We've seen all the guys where it's like, you know, a crazy part of your dude, and he gets his blood work done, he's like, do my liver school, and then in front of the doctor, he like slams two bottles of wine, or just like, look, it's as basic as this. Drinking consistently will hinder your recovery, will hinder your gains, will hinder your muscle protein synthesis, and that's just unlike a data-based focus. That's not even thinking about the fact that you've thrown off your nights, your sleep is trash, you're physically waking up hungover. I mean, I have never walked into the, especially when I was back at school. I have never seen anybody coming to the gym and say, man, we went crazy last night. I feel so good, and I feel like I'm being so productive with this workout right now. Everything is awesome. He just doesn't happen. And then just the likelihood of getting into serious trouble, I just don't see the appeal. And I've always been a little more of like the stay home chill kind of character, so I don't never really been like a party or anything like that, but yeah, guys. I mean, if gains are something you're serious about, then the drinkin is a complete antagonist to what those goals are, and it's the same as anything else. It really is just a temporary comfort and exchange for longer-term payments down the line. When I talk about not doing your cardio, and it's like, oh crap, I can't get up and do. I can't go to the gym and do 30 minutes of cardio crap. It's like something that you know you will feel good about afterward, but it has a bit of a payment of a comfortableity in the moment. So, you know, for some guys who are a little bit, I don't want to say weak will, but not so into the cardio yet. It's a very relaxing thing, a very like just wash of relief where you get to say, oh, I'm just not going to do my cardio on this day and bed. Snuggle back up, go back to sleep for now, things like that. The drinkin, not dissimilar, you know, and it's a bit trickier too, because obviously peer pressure is going to play a pretty serious role, and especially as a lifter. Nobody wants to, because if you've got a group where they all drink or consistently drink and you don't, then for you to say, like, yeah, I'm not drinking dude. I've got goals, I want to achieve the drinkin isn't really going to come off that way. That's going to come off as an attack, you know, in saying that, you're basically saying, like, at least it might be perceived by whoever you're telling this to, like, what do you think you're better than me? You think you're too good to drink with the rest of us. We are, and they kind of want to, they want to bring you in, because we all know it's bad, but it's just, you know, so. That's where my, you know, there's no point in, like, really arguing with anybody about it, just try to stay away. So that's, that's always been my perspective, but also it's like, I'm looking at it pretty objectively. I want to make some crazy as gains. I don't want to do anything to hinder that performance, you know. So the only reason I bring that up is I keep seeing a bunch of clips where after the power slap after party, because that was a, that was pretty cool. That's, that was the whole reason we got to go down and see J was because we, we lined it up. So we worked out with J that day, and then we went to that power slap thing afterward. It's pretty fun seeing all like the, I mean, it's just basically a bunch of influence or guys floating around this sort of, like, side section. There's a lot of food back there. So which was like, you know, they had this in tune of poke balls and stuff. So I was telling Mark, it's like, make sure I don't eat too much. Like, I, you know, I gave myself a bowl, and then I told them to do not let me get more, because I, if I was really going wild, I'd probably get a slam like an extra 3000 calories here. So another tip, if you're steep into a dining phase, maybe try to avoid any buffet style action. But no, I ran into a, ran into probably one of the most humble guys with some of the most motion we've ever seen in my life. It's a, a zackerific, but so we get, we got a couple of clips going back and forth. And instead of my normal one on one kind of chatting style voice, it was pretty loud in there. So I had to kind of yell out. So a little bit of clarification there, you know, no drinking was happening. And you really think I would want to hinder the gains that I just stimulated after working out with the legend himself, Jay Cutler. That same very freaking night, I mean that would be a ludicrous, you know. So that's my stance there. So if this year you can tell that's something you want to change up. I mean, sometimes the, in terms of the working out progress, it's not only adding things to improve the progress. It's removing things which are taken away. And those two were pretty synergistic, right? But that's, that's my little stick there. So let's go get in there. Get started hamstrings first, but I might end up doing like a back and forth superset kind of style thing. We, uh, we just have to see. Let's keep it simple. Start with a basic heavy set of like curls. This, uh, this one's a little funky of the normal. I think I'm more of a hammer strength fan for the seated curl. What this will work? Alright. Oh, yeah. Two more of these. Same weight, same style, same everything. I'm dealing more intense though. Yeah. Yeah. It's just, uh. Oh, okay. Oh, my gosh. Okay. Let's get this to body else. Smith machine, I believe. Two plate, already all. This Smith machine is nice because it's straight up and down. There's no angle to it, which, probably else just kind of feels better for me. But heavy enough to feel it, not so heavy that I work, it's kind of glutes and low back. Because I'm not doing this as a posterior chain movement. I'm just trying to activate my hamstrings. So I'm not even going to hit failure per say. I'll reach your point where I can tell my hamstrings. I know why I'm going to be doing most of the work. And then I'll just have to call it. But I'm going to switch over actually. I want to just pass the pull under. There we go. But these would be slow controlled. Can't really do the RDL is very thoughtlessly. Maybe just one more though, it's that. Maybe just one more though, it's that. Oh, my gosh. Alright. I was planning to do lame curls next to you. But I think one more of these will be. That'll be enough. And with the hamstring curls. Definitely a tricky one. And no way in my say it's easy. But you want to reach a point where you don't feel your glutes pulling the weight or your lower back. It's almost like imagine you have a tail and you're trying to tuck it in. Because that's all you're doing. You're internally rotating your hips. So, you know, hard to visualize, but you should just come to practice. But one more. Oh, lips. Oh, good. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. They might have to do it some of the glutes. But, hey, please, then. It's good. Can't find a bigger center. Thanks for the beginning. Okay. So, quads is actually going to be. Now, I'll do a few. But I can still feel them a little bit residually from last leg day, especially with that set of hurt those two good sets of barbell squats. They four played barbell squats is not supposed to hit you four days later. But I'll just do a couple sets for kind of the pump blood flow style effect. And I'll just record the one and I'll can't about here for a little while. And then I can cut some on check. So, the lift is basically over. This is almost more so. I feel so weird called quads accessory work. But it's like, I, you know, I just can't throw a rational right now. I'm just going to do a little bit of that. I'm just going to do a little bit of that. I'm just going to do a little bit of that. Alright. So I'm just going to come back and do a few more of those. Really just need them for a bit of a quad. So, in terms of a real quads stimulation, don't copy this part. Heavy squats, heavy squats, hard, crazy sets of leg extensions. That'll do the trick. Or right now I'm just, yeah. It sucks out in the whole life. I haven't had a whole myself back in the quads. But I'm sure I might be thinking a little differently in four months or now when I probably follow after I said a crazy squats. But either way, I can't about here. Let's go see how they look. Alright, so no pose down. Half motivated by the fact that all I did was another two sets of those leg extensions just as some quad activation. But the other half was ended up nerdin' out after the last couple sets of leg extensions, talking to a... Damn. I didn't ask his name, but he was a wedding photographers. We were going on about all the camera stuff in the lenses and the Sony's and everything else. So if you're curious, we're going to... We knew a little camera talk here. That is... and that's... it's own niche on all the YouTube videos and in of itself to be... to be looked at. But yeah. It's going to beat the phone for sure. But your phone beats nothing, right? You already have a pretty expensive camera sitting in your pocket. So if you're interested in, you know, record some stuff from whatever else. Start there. No reason to branch out anything too crazy and just yet. But in terms of starting positions, Sony basically knows what they're doing. And that's half my preference. And it's... if one of the other random camera brands came out with some newer stuff, that's way cooler. You know, I'd pick some of that. And for me, it's cool now because I get to really get into it. Because obviously, that's the way we post all these things. But yeah, if you're looking for... if you're looking for kind of a... I guess you could say hybrid camera, here's what I would definitely recommend. Probably. And it doesn't even overheat. That's like if you're sitting and recording stuff, like 30 minutes straight and you're in a warm environment. I think it's grab a ZVE1. You know, big sensor, full frame. So if you get like a Viltroc, or like a Tamron, prime lens, that has that blur effect. Like look here. Like see how my hand isn't focused, but everything else is now just a blur. Right? That's to do with the fact that there's all this glass in the camera lens that's doing all that fancyness. You know, and your phone just can't recreate it. But half the reason why that's something I look at is because especially recording on these public gyms and stuff. I don't want to record anybody here. Like get anybody's face if they're in the background, like doing whatever they do. So for me, or if you're going to recording where public having a low F-stop value lens, it's nice because you're not really jumping into people's privacy as bad. But yeah, I'd say go for the ZVE1 and then look up some used probably a 24 mil and a 50 millimeter prime lens on Amazon. Use of course. And then that's a pretty damn crazy story position. But that's my little tip there. And there should be all sorts of crazy like Christmas sales too. So some of the stuff will be a little bit knocked down. But that's probably enough nerdin' out about the camera shit. What am I gonna eat? I don't have room for much. I've got, uh, yeah, I'm gonna pull it up and drive it. But I got about 100 or so grams of protein left. Only like 20 or so grams of carbs and about 15 or so grams of fats. So I'm, uh, I think I've reached a point where ground beef can no longer be my primary protein source. It has been for a while and it's not going anywhere. I'm still gonna have some. But it's, uh, the fat and it adds up. You know, if every time I have 50 grams of ground beef, I got to track five grams of fat. 30, uh, so that's 45 calories. You know, that adds up. I don't have that many calories to work with here. So I think I'm gonna switch it up and start running through all my egg containers. And so that'll probably be my postwork at meal. A 50 grams of protein carton with egg whites. Pan-seared. Uh, even you wanna call eggs-seared. What do you want what you call that? Well, either way. 50 grams of egg whites as little oil as possible just to slick the, uh, slick the skillet. And then I don't think I have any. But I need to get some, some frozen spinach packets because those do, uh, those are really nice. Because through the whole thing in the microwave five minutes, instantly comes at perfectly cooked. And the primary value I feel of the vegetables apart from just like fiber intake and keeping all your, you know, internal movements more normal. Is, uh, the fact that it's just food with that a lot of calories. You know, so if I've got a big bowl or if I make myself an omelet, which by omelet, I just mean egg whites with anything else added. And I add a bunch of like chopped lettuce or chopped spinach or anything like that. Then it gives this bowl of eggs much more body and substance. So I really do feel like I'm eating a lot more. Even though it's only like five or six grams of carbs added from the vegetables, right? So personally, I'm under the impression that if you're eating a reasonable amount of red meats and you take your multi vitamins, then you're probably not going to have any vitamin deficiencies. So, you know, the argument of like, well, you're missing out on, you need to get all this stuff from your food if you, like, you're, like, short, go for it. Personally, for my experience, I haven't had any issues. And every time I get my blood tested and it shows all my nutrient levels, everything's within range, you know, so it's like, would it be better if I got all my potassium from eating whatever kind of potato has the most potassium throughout the day? Yeah, maybe might be a little better, but personally, it's at least right now that's going to interfere with my diet and goals. Because for me to get all my micro nutrients source from direct foods, it's going to be a little trickier and I'm going to be eating more foods and I probably want to. You know, right now is the time when it's probably most important for me to be supplementing my vitamin side of things because not eating a ton of everything. If you're eating a lot of food, I doubt that you're vitamin deficient and anything. Maybe you're vitamin D, but, you know, just takes up kind of a quick fix there. But especially if you're getting a little bit more sparse, that's where I'm going to be much more. Maybe not reliant, but I'm going to be much more consistent with like my electrolytes, making sure I don't forget my vitamins every night. Things like that because I really want to make sure I'm hitting all angles from my food intake. And the electrolytes, I probably say is even more important because I've only had 100 grams of carbs today. That's not a lot. And then when you add an hour of cardio in the morning, plus a workout later in the evening, it really doesn't feel like a lot of carbs. So if I'm hydrated, you know, I've got enough electrolytes in my system throughout the day from like packets or whatever else or just eating some salty foods, then at least my, because that's how your muscles work, but they don't just contract and release magically. It's all about sort of this like a electrolytes potassium back and forth of everything. Like you got a, you know, any biochemical majors would know what I'm really trying to explain here. But if you're running that, if you're running a little electrolytes, your shit is not going to work as well. So that's where every morning, my instant instant fix per se before getting ready for the cardio is either a flattened energy drink. Sometimes just a caffeine capsule. The caffeine capsule, much more cost effective if that's something you're thinking about because if you, you know, if you grab some kind of rain of whatever off the shelf every morning for your 200 milligrams of caffeine that you're aiming for to wake up. It's like four bucks a day over the course of a year. It's like 1200 bucks, right? And it's not including your pre-workout or anything else, whereas, you know, you buy a hundred count container of caffeine capsules, 200 milligrams of caffeine, the only active ingredient that you want. It's like four cents per, you know, so Gary Vee style shit there. But then you lose the ritual of cracking open. It's kind of a give-and-take. Much easier to bring around with you though. Like, yeah, I used to have it some caffeine capsules in my car at all times, just in case I forgot it, I'm a way to cardio. Now I don't, but sometimes. And that next to a leader of water with some kind of electrolyte mixed in. Be it from a tub or like a packet or anything else like that. Just so, you know, one of my bats that go to do cardio, plus a sauna, and sweat a ton. I'm already kind of like overloading my electrolytes and making up for the fact that I'm about to sweat a ton of amount. But that'll be the plan for tomorrow. Another one more clocked session of the bike. The treadmill. The sauna. And then I got a chest day later in the deep-baked. I think me and Mark are going to do a little tandem trip to to some kind of gym. I'm not exactly sure where. But I guess what does that to see then? So, good luck day. Handstring bias. Only a little bit of quad activation. It's a really, I'll just call today a handstring day in the title documentation. But good nonetheless. One step closer to what I'm aiming for. So, I'll see you tomorrow.