Alright, I just had a very serious moment about 40 minutes ago. Before I got ready for the gym, before I get the bag packed, though, the great make sure I had the SD card, the battery charge, and my straps, and my pre- and my gallon of freaking half gallon of power is zero. Frankly, orange is a mile's ahead of any other flavor away, but it's not even close. But I was in a position of weakness. I'm looking at the pantry, okay? I've had 1,600 calories so far. It's a good chunk. I got a couple of the low-calorie carb hack protein bars, because it's treats. It's pretty good. Honestly, I mean, it's got all the extra fiber and the aliolo's and the sugar alcohol's and stuff. It really is a lower calorie alternative. A little tricky on your stomach, though, because all of those like sugar alternatives and the sugar alcohols and things like that. They can totally mess with your gut. Like if I ate all of my calories coming from those, like each one's like 190, 140, 50 calories, whatever. If I had all 2,000 calories or all whatever number of amenforves for the day of those meal replacement protein bars with all the extra random stuff in there, it would totally, I would feel like totally mess up my stomach. And I think I'm pretty resilient when it comes to being able to tolerate kind of funky foods like that. So even if you're a little, so if you're a little more kind of normal, then might not be the best sort of treat for you. But I mean, the kitchen, walking around, you know, just me and doing about, grab two of them. Right, grab two of them straight out of the cupboard, hold them for a moment, put them down on my desk, come up at the chatdown. And I think to myself, okay, am I really even hungry? Am I really actually hungry for food right now? Or am I just kind of bored and I'm letting my boredom kind of motivate me to, you know, munch on something just because I don't have anything else going on at the moment. And guess what? Guess what happened to those two little bars? They got put freaking back on the shelf. And that's hard to do. That is not an easy freaking thing to do, you know, as silly as I might be making the sound like picking up some kind of snack like that. Hold it, it's in your hands now. I mean, you're holding the murder weapon. You haven't used it yet, but you're thinking about it. And then putting it back, dude, plus I mean, nobody's there to watch you. That's a, that is a small victory when it comes to dieting. So if you've ever been in that situation, you know, I feel like it's cool, you know. And I know that seems so silly, especially to anybody that doesn't really get it with a dieting. Like for me to say that, and something like, who, what? For cares, you know, but if you've ever gotten into calorie tracking, the value of saving those 300 calories for later on down the line, right? And fighting the urge to just, you know, chat on something for no other reason that you just might be feeling a little bored. You know, frankly, I think boredom is often confused with hunger, at least in people's minds, like that, like, you know, physical mental confusion, I'm just talking like, and let's check the cover to see what's in the fridge. Let's see what's in the pantry, can you meet? Like, it's just, I mean, it's not even human nature, it's simply like the nature of being alive as an organism, you know, scanned around for any kind of grubby and get your hands up. And that's like your primary objective. So to fight against it, definitely a little trick here. But that's a little swarrow victory for me. And now, you're time to have a bigger one by having a solid ass back day. I'm talking pull down, I'm talking rows, I'm talking pullovers, and then some kind of combination in between of some sort of kind of pullover combined with a sort of row as a finisher. So that my entire pump back is, I think that's basically so many entire pack is pumped. So my entire back is pumped up to the post now. And then I get to camp out on some kind of, uh, probably just regular seated bike, not the recumbent one. And then I've got the most recent episode of Beast Games to watch. I, uh, squid games, only seven episodes of season two left a little bit of a hole in my, a little bit of a hole in my heart. Because I was getting ready for another 10 freaking episodes. So the real version is definitely tied to me over. So I saw that guy drop today. I knew to save it for later. So another little hack with the cardio, at least in terms of being a little bit more efficient or effective and kind of consistent with it. Save yourself a showman. You know, if you know you've got a 45 minute episode of something that you're going to watch anyway. And you're going to watch you just sit in the round, you know, doing nothing else. And then saves for later post workout, you know, pop a squat. And if it's to show you actually enjoy watching. Guess what? That cardio is going to happen like that. Like nothing. And then you get to go home with, uh, a known you watch to get episode of something or other. And you did your cardio. And you had a good lift. Only upsides from my perspective. But I think no more chatting. It's not too cold today, which is nice for me. So not, uh, I don't feel like I need to warm up as much. What is it? What's it in there? So I think no more discussing it. Let's just make it happen. So dieting down is especially given the fact that I'm not trying to do insanely hefty sets. The warm up phase much quicker, right? Because I don't have to sit here and get my lats ready for like a full stack set of pull dents. I mean, for a lot of stimulation. You know, so I mean, I get to play around here. But this is basically the first working set. And especially as a light squeezing movement. I mean, how much prep do you really have to do? You know, so that's one, uh, one little tip I can say. If you're ever in a bit of a rush, like, let's say you get an arm day and like, you're on the clock, you gotta be done in 45 minutes. Maybe it's in your best interest to start with light squeezing rope extensions. Instead of real heavy strape our push downs or something, because you don't have to warm up as much, right? So a little bit of time can strain thing, but if that's ever situation you're in, not about approach. But for me, it's just because I don't need to go that heavy right now. So five reps, five reps alternating with a good squeeze. Then we'll just go from there. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. One more. One more. I was considering moving on, but I think one more. Then jump something new. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Let's do some kind of rowing movement next. I really don't even need straps. Like this rubber pull down handle has enough grip, and this is light enough. I really don't think my forms would be a limiting factor, but just for the sake consistency. Let's do some straps on. I really want to feel my shoulder blades touch. They're not going to, but that's what I'm trying to envision by pulling the bar. I'm not pulling with my hands down here. I'm not thinking about any of this. I'm thinking, you know, you're working. That's what I mean before. Then light weight. So, very squeeze focus and control. No. No. No. No. No. No. Oh my god. One or two more of those. Yeah, that's really good. I never felt so much lower lat-activation or lower trap-activation, I've freaking life. No. No. No. No. No. No. Okay. I think I've got a plan for what the last two steps I've been looking like. One more pull-and-s, then a superset. And back up, you ready to check out. No. No. No. Oh my goodness. That might have been too heavy. All right. Let's do a little hold-and-slaze-roll. That'll be all she'd freaking wrote. Assuming this is it. Well, assuming this is good, this will be it. Lat-focused stretch. Mid-back-focused squeeze. And I sit a half and a half. Pull-and-slaze-roll. No. No. No. No. No. Let's pull this down. Let's do it. Let's see how we're looking through the shirt first. And then get down to real business. I can tell you something. There's definitely something blood flow related going on back there. Let me show you. Actually sharp and focus. So you tell me, is this freakier or less freaking in the last few back days? I think that shot definitely was, but let's say. Let's keep running through a few here. No, man. No shoulder pump. Much thinner than it was three months ago. But I wouldn't call this stage ready yet. Oh, my goodness. Oh, geez. Well, backpumped. I'm tired. I don't need to torture myself by waiting any longer than necessary to get the cardio started. No. Okay. That was actually a very quick 30 minutes of cardio. Sometimes I have a, well, I always cover the clock. Like the cardio bike itself has a little timer. And sitting there staring at it, watching it just creep by extra slow. Let me just say this, no fun whatsoever. So it's always been in my best interest to cover that up and keep it a mystery even myself. So the time kind of passes a little faster if I can get a little bit more enthralled into the clash game or to the show that I'm watching. But luckily enough, right when I flipped over my jacket, so look at the timer. 29 minutes, 30 seconds. I was kind of, well, I was hoping I wasn't going to flip it over and see it read like 15 minutes. The early stuff checked it before was like 10. Well, I mean, I probably checked it all sort of in our roles, but what really sucks is if you think you've done like 25, and you've really only done like six. Absolutely no fun. But that was a really good back day, frankly, I felt a bit stronger than expected. Like muscular kind of endurance, everything else. Yeah, I think easing back to only one hour of cardio a day is about my limit. Because you gotta think there is a balance of, and I've said this a couple times. There's a balance of trying to burn extra calories every day, right? Increase my energy expenditure as well as decrease my calorie intake, right? And this gap in between is me burning body fat, you know what I'm saying? So the logic there, some might say, well, I don't want to do any extra cardio, just eat less food, which you have some logic there for sure, but if you don't do extra cardio, then you're kind of getting a slow down your metabolism a little bit, because it's going to be in pretty much direct relation to your activity level. So I don't think zero cardio only reducing your calories is the way to do it, but you also can't do four hours of cardio every day. So somewhere in the middle is a sweet spot. And for me, I think 30 minutes of cardio in the morning, followed by 30 minutes of cardio, post lift, combined with my calorie deficit, is about there. Now, I don't think I like screwed myself for the last month or so doing the two hours of cardio a day. I think it definitely worked in terms of fat loss, but I think I was overdoing in terms of the energy expenditure in relation to my recoverability. But that's something, you can't just guess that, you can't have to find out. So now I know. And I'd rather be the guy who did the two hours of cardio a day for weeks on him, and then realized, okay, I should tone it back rather than the guy who would never even consider and think, oh, two hours, cardio weights are free and much roof. You know what I'm saying? There is certainly a difference in holding yourself back from doing something versus not being capable of doing something in the first place. Like it's such a classic trope of like, oh, dude, if I locked in, I could be jacked. Like dude, if I went to the gym every day and I did my cardio and I like really locked into my diet. Like for the, if I did that for the next four months, dude, I'd be yoke. It's like, yeah, man, you would. Are you gonna? I'm sure if somebody just popped in your mind. Yeah. I mean, it's true though. They definitely would get themselves in solid shape. Like if you lock in, it's not a question of if. I mean, serious gains can be made at any level, but the if is, are you even gonna do it, right? So that's what separates the lifters from the non lifters I feel. But now I get to go home. Have a protein heavy meal. I think in egg whites melted cheese and a side of something or other. Maybe I'll do a yogurt with some frozen fruit and some sugar-free maple syrup. I think that sounds pretty dang good to me. And then chill. Added this a little lift together and then that'll be the end of it. So we're getting close. We are closer to the end of this dieting phase than the beginning. That is for freaking sure. And I am definitely, like I'm definitely looking forward to the bulk that lies ahead. But, you know, before that, before that sunrise and the dawn, I've still got some things and some freaking business to keep taking care of in terms of this calorie deficit. So holding strong got me another month and a half ish or so. And then I'm talking carb-dub. Skins splitting muscle exploding. Weight-thrashing, stack slamming. Every other descriptor under the sun of a crazy ass, bulking lift. But I'm not, so when it comes to when that bulk is going to start, I'm not just going to open the floodgates. You know, I am going to ease into it, of course. Because if I started eating five freaking thousand calories off the rip, all I'm going to do is totally oversaturate my ability to load up on those carbs. And then just spill over and start packing on body fat with your joints of my own. So the same logic with the dieting phases, going into a cut versus the bulk, it's an easing into a kind of process. So as a little bit of kind of summary of how this diet has gone so far, the first month going from like 270 to 260 to 55 or so. That was just going from bulking diet to eating as much as I was hungry for, which was not very much. I mean back in the, oh my goodness. Yeah, back in October during the, during the Olympia, when I got to live with hers after that chest ache, we stopped at this kind of like Chipotle style restaurant. And you know, we each got a big bowl like rice and chicken, whatever. I barely had half of it. Like my appetite was freaking crashed because I just finished the bulking phase, right? I was on the diet. But now, oh my goodness, I could probably thrash that same bowl of chicken and rice and 0.4 seconds I'm talking light speed. But that first month, me just eating when I was hungry, and getting my appetite was so low, put me around like 3,000, 3 1,000 calories or so per day. And that was enough of a deficit to lose weight slowly, right? And then that next month, I had a decrease at such more, get into the 3,000 range. Then to be in balance around the 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1,000 range, now getting like 2200 is having some lower days of, you know, 2,000 if I'm not doing like legs or something or other. And now it's just kind of maintaining that deficit and making sure I keep getting the leaner as the day is passed. And I'm not really freaking out about my morning weight with the scale, you know, bounced around kind of 2,30 or so, just because on any given day, I mean, I'm going to have a certain amount of food that's still in my stomach, originally from the night before, or I might be a little more hydrated, maybe a little less hydrated, or let's just say, I mean, you've got more food in your system. What I'm more concerned with is really just visually how much leaner am I getting on a day by day, well, more of a week by week basis. But feel like I'm on track to get in pretty freaky, or at least a few levels freaky than I already am now. So, I gotta do this, keep this momentum up, which boring, you know, acts of a higher power, we are good. So, I'm going to enjoy the fact that it's not absolutely freezing cold out. Hopefully, let's just hope it warm up at least to a reasonable degree. I mean, I don't want to have to jump in the car for cardio and have it be like negative 10. That would kind of put a little bit of a downer on the whole situation. But even if that's the case, what are you going to do? Bundle up, put on a double layer of sweats and get freaky in real, the least, or the less that you can let your routine or whatever else, even just your hype and energy be derailed by any outside source of whatever, the better. Try to imagine yourself as a goddamn unstoppable force or an immovable object. The fact that maybe the cardio bike you were looking forward to was taking, that shouldn't stop you. That should just make you think, alright, let's change it up. Let's pick the seed in a liptical. Let's pick the treadmill. Let's pick this out of the other. Just try to flip it into a little bit of hype if you can. But I think that's all I got. So, I will see you for an arm date tomorrow. Now I'm getting myself real excited.