Back again, more like chest again, if we're being honest, but I have consumed my limit. So I'm gonna end up going over my a lot of calories tonight. Now over in protein, you know, I still need something before I go to bed. So I'll just have an extra 200 or so calories of egg whites with salsa, which I would not consider that to be like Holy crap, I went over my Atlantic. I had an extra 50 grams of protein. That is not the same as like having an extra, you know, a few hundred grams of carbs and fats from like, you know, sweets and everything else. But, oh yeah, crap, didn't weigh myself this morning. I guess we'll have another morning weight update tomorrow. Still not below the 230 mark, but definitely on track. So feel pretty good there. Had a bit of a nap after the cardio session this morning. So I feel pretty well rested, pretty well hydrated, pretty well fed. So now I'm gonna use all of those factors to make sure I get myself pretty well pumped. Now I was thinking about going to a gym a little bit further than this one, but I think I'll just keep it. I think I'll just keep it close because, well, just cuts. And that's one thing I've been doing with the cardio in the morning too, is sometimes I would think to myself that I like driving to the gym. Actually going there. Something about the, like, it's different from home. It just felt nicer to, how to know. But, I've been just doing cardio at the apartment gym. That's right there. So there is no drive apart from, like, basically less than a block from where I'm parked to the little apartment gym. And that's way better. Because it's saving me, like, basically an hour and a half a time. Because the two-day sessions with the cardio and the lift, I'm not gonna say it's easy. It's definitely a hard self, because now you're adding an extra commute to back and forth. Unless you want to, like, splice that in with your drives or work or anything else. So that's where having the cardio bike at home or an extreme proximity to home. I think that is the freaking move. So, you know, rather than, you know, leave it like six and get back at nine. You know, if I get up extra at a reasonable hour, you know, leave the door at seven. You get there in five minutes, sit down, be back, only an hour and a half later. Now, no sauna, which I do like the sauna, something about the, like, just the 15 minutes sweat off is kind of cool. But, I don't think it's absolutely necessary for every morning cardio session. So, I think if, well, actually I'm not sure, I'm pretty sure they closed the cool section at this gym early. So, maybe I can't do the sauna post lift. But, if it's open, maybe I'll stop down there after the 30 minutes cardio once chest is over. Because 30 minutes cardio on its own in the morning, there's no longer cut. I got a beefed up to an hour in the morning, and then 30 minutes after the lift. Now, legs are an exception. I'm not going to do cardio after legs. I guess I could do the, like, the hand pedaling machine. So, I don't end up like fatiguing my legs and any further. Because I think that would be a little bit much, but, you know, after chest after arms after back, After anything simple like that, I really do think you've got some energy in the tank to just sit in the cardio bike, you know. Now, that's where I would recommend, just try it. Next lift, just sit in the cardio bike. Don't even pick a time, don't pick a goal, don't give yourself any expectation. Just set it to difficulty 9, pedal 80 reps, 80 reps a minute, and just see what happens. That's my little tip. But, in terms of what I'm going to go about, or how I'm going to go about, getting a chest pump today. I mean, what do you think of it? I can definitely foresee some pressing, some flies, and some cable pressing slash flies. And, honestly, I think that's as complicated as I needed to be, because I get a movement where my pecks are loaded in the stretch position the most, like a heavy Smith bench like that. I get movements where I get a good stretch, and basically even amount of tension the whole way around, like a peck fly, or a dumbbell, maybe not a dumbbell fly as much. But, you know, cable fly is pecked at things like that. And then, I've got a movement where it's extra squeeze focus, like this is the hard part, and then I can kind of rest down here in the stretch position. And that's what it's like in a lot of cable press, you know, like on a barbell bench, you're not going to rest at the bottom. You're not going to try to catch your breath at the bottom. You're going to get a rep up to the top, lock out and since that's the easiest portion of the lift, that's where you're going to hold it for a second. And then, get ready for another one. But, something like a cable press, especially a converging cable press, the tension gets built up as the rep press. So, it's like the further your hands are away from your body, the more you have to squeeze your chest. So, this is the hard part up here. And then, if I ever take a second to breathe, I'm holding the weight down here where it's a lighter. But, I think those are basically the three general approaches to the chest movements. And some movements are, or some muscles are a bit easier than others. Right? I mean, hamstrings still complicated. Hamstring curls and RDLs, hip-hanging. Quads, you got leg extension and leg pressing. Be it a squat or leg press. Biceps. You basically just have curls, you know? And even when I do like the bicep bias, hold down, that's still just a curl. It's just kind of in a weird way. You know, like I'm curling down toward myself instead of, like, up toward my shoulder. But still a curl. Shoulders, side-ladderals, weird-dults. I mean, all there is to it is this. You can do it in different ways with different machines, but that's all that those muscles are doing. So, that's where I think having a good grasp of, like, your own anatomy can help you on these sets. Because if I am visualizing, like, how my bicep looks and where it ties into my forearm, and how it's going to feel when I'm angling in different ways, then it just helps me get a good grasp of, like, what's going on. You know, like, if somebody's real into cars, and they know everything about the motor and whatever else, and they've got a lot of experience with it, then it's so easy for them to, like, diagnose any kind of problem. Even just turning on an engine and hearing it, like, they have an idea for, okay, and a, oh, serpentine belt. When was last time you're placed in Manel, it was wiki. You know, they've got a sense for it, because in their mind, they can visualize exactly what's going on. So, that's going to help with your mind muscle connection. You know, I think that gets thrown around is just lifted jargon a lot, but in a more kind of, explained manner, like, I don't want to feel like I'm pushing with my hands. Like, I'm not pushing the weight away from me. I'm pulling my elbow across my body with my chest. And that results in a pushing force, but I'm not thinking about what's going on here. I'm trying to think about, oh, yes, you know. And let's be feeling my chest warm. Go harder. Make sure I actually, like, bring my chest to the Jit failure. And then the smarter I've been about my, my most connection with my backs, the better my chest constant. And that was, that was a moment when that happened. You know, I get better out of the over time with experience, but I still remember I was in my basement gym at home. In Client Bench looking myself right in the mirror. And as I'm doing a set, it was like, maybe one, any five, or something, it just clicked. And instead of pushing with my hands, I was pulling with my chest. Absolutely nuts. And it might sound kind of, kind of trivial to, like, just, like, oh, I felt my chest, but when you get that sort of realization, it does feel like a bit of a milestone. Like, I put that up there with, like, your first ab vein, your first, or your first bicep vein, your first, to 25 bench, like anything else like that. But 726, I'm gonna be home reasonably early. So the cardio in the morning will not be impeded. But no more talking. Let's go make this lift happen. I was feeling pretty strong. So few reps of a plate, and this is after a cable warm-up. A few reps of two plates, two reps of three plates. All right, I feel pretty good. Let's do three and a 25. Yes. One was fucking hard. I probably shouldn't even try to just step it through. But three feels good. Let's get this lift started. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Yeah. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Yeah. Oh my god. Oh. Wanted to more. Maybe one. I feel strong, but that was hard. Oh, goodness. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Oh my god. Oh. Oh. Oh. Let's move on. Two of those is probably as much as I can hang on to. Oh, gosh. Good start them. So that's the heavy pressing. The tension set of things. Basically checked off the list. Not too little fly. Lucky, lucky me. It's pretty packing here. I feel like I had two cables for some of the front of body flies. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Holy crap. Let's do two fly. Five, seven, the next one. That was good though. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my god. Let's go. Same set up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. well and then just keep this grind up and day in day out in macro counten calorie hours clocking for cardio hours clocking pump we're getting rests doing and then just repeat you know and day by day not seeing real and same changes but week by week month by month I mean go back four months not even four months go back two and a half months and look what I looked like at the end of this last Bolting phase before this dieting phase started you know day by day there's nothing crazy but you know and just a two months span that's a pretty massive change or I guess you know almost a three months span by now but either way I'm sure I'll have some more insightful things to talk about in the coming days until then I'm just gonna get home shower off go to bed early and then get ready to start tomorrow a whole new day to get after it so I'll see you then