Alright, I've got two descriptors for this lift with some post-lift cardio, or at least the day that it's being done on, and it is bright and freaking cold. I'm talking a nice cool six degrees, not Celsius either. I'm talking, I'm talking freedom units, Fahrenheit. So usually the glasses during the video, I can't feel like a chump, but I got to be able to see here. It's getting hit with those UV rays a little too hard. But, plan for arms, a little bit more of a simple lift, because this is a little more of a simple gym. Cables, dumbbells, not so many of uh, not so many of the works with like, dip machines or anything fancy like that, but it's mean really. If you give me a cable set up and adjustable one where I can actually move the handle up and down, a reasonably or even just like a normal weighted stack, I mean, I'm basically set, you know, like I wouldn't want only that sort of equipment of my disposal, like forever, you know, like a freaking, uh, preacher bench, I do want to kind of bounce around there. But, anytime I've had like a hotel gym lift or anything like that, where all I had access to was some cables, even just a basic de-handle. I first single arm push downs and single arm curls. I mean, it's pretty much perfect because that's really all you're picking arms you're doing. You know, I mean, obviously I want to get an overhead stretch on my tricep regular style loading with a, you know, like a normal push down, some kind of spreading kind of work with like a rope, dipping action. Like all those are definitely hitting your triceps in different ways for sure. But, I mean, biceps, I would say they're way simpler here to here with load, of course. So, of course, you can buy a different portions and, you know, have more of a stretch focus lift with like a preacher or more of a squeeze focus set with like a cable curl. But for the most part, I mean, you're really just going through that motion with load and that's on your bicep. No, so you're trying to set me up. No, because it can't really tell the difference on like muscle fiber by fiber basis of like holy crap. This guy's hitting me with a preacher curl. He's freaking shocking the muscle here. I've never felt this kind of stimulation before, you know, not so much, right? So what I'm getting at is not to say, don't change it up. Don't do different movements. But, I apologize. This is the first sort of excursion of the day. But if all you've got access to is some simple ship, it doesn't mean that your gains are now limited, man. I mean, I had, I've gone through, I don't know about years at a time, but like, you know, month long, stints back at home, especially kind of right around 2020 COVID sort of era, whatever, when everything was closed and all those working out with was set of dumbbells. I had a rack in the basement with weights in an adjustable bench. So definitely better than most, I think in terms of the home gym, stock,ness, which I was definitely spoiled with. But the cable just an overhead thing where you tie weights to the bottom and sort of work it like this. And I mean, those were some of my best freaking lifts, not to say they're, you know, magically better than the ones I do now. But they were just good. I hit the muscles I was taking my nap, stimulated growth, got to poke, have to try to keep the pre-work out. And then the lighting was actually kind of freaky down there too because I put these sort of LEDs strip lights, like all in a row, right in the middle. So I wanted to say I got to go back there for, you know, parents home, gym style lift for next arm day. If anything, just for the stout just sick. But as long as your curl and hard and you're pushing down hard and you've finished your day with a good arm pump, I tell you in the brain, man. You didn't. So that's where I'm more concerned with how hard are the sets that you're doing, rather than what exact sets are you doing. You know, kind of repeating myself here. But if someone were to, you know, point somebody out who was lifting and ask me to critique what they were doing. Unless they were doing something like blatantly funky and weird, like, are really kind of Arnold press into side lateral, whatever. Like if they were just doing basic stuff, then my sort of number one kind of factor that I'm looking at to, you know, sort of judge like, all right, is this guy killing it? Or is he, you know, probably not doing as much as he should? It's not like the exact perfect, you know, form and execution of the set. It's how hard is he going? Now, of course, there's a limit to how funky you're doing with your form. You know, I'm talking, especially in any kind of compound lifts, like swaths, bench, things where you really loading up here sort of whole system. Obviously, your form's going to play a big part of just your safety. But with, you know, curls and push-ups and things like that being a little funkier for the sake of maximizing your intensity, I'm totally cool with it. But obviously, that's within reason, you know. And this is coming from me where if you look back at the tricep days or the arm days, like a year and a half ago, especially on triceps, my execution of these sets are very different. And it's not for no reason, like, you know, people told me to do it like this and now I do. It's especially with like the rope. Like, if you find a clip of me doing rope extension, it's more than a year and a half ago versus the way I'm going to do it today, night and freaking dead. To the point where like, if you had, um, if you had just like a CGI model of like my anatomy doing the sets, you probably won't even think it was the same freaking dude because of how much I was just totally missing out of the stretch position and not holding the squeeze as much. No, I felt like I was going hard. But that's a perfect example of an instance where me working on my form, I feel like, has improved my tricep training pretty substantial. But no more chat, let's just get this pre-workout consumed and get this actual workout for people to be gone, starting with a set of probably real push downs if you like, yes, yes. All right, so it's slightly unspoken about, uh, benefit of dieting this hard is a weaker. I don't know I'm moving around as much weights. That's not a problem. All that means is I don't have to spend as long warming up because I'm doing, doing 80 pound of rope extensions. Like my triceps, my whole 10 nins and everything else from, you know, bulking up their use to lifting in much more, like physically I could load, I don't know how much weight. But all that's to say is like when I'm bulking up, I'm going to work my way up the whole stack, you know, five reps, give it a second, five more, give it a second, five more until I'm up to my working weight. But now, working weight just isn't that high, same thing with the curls, but I'm still going to little half here on the curl. So I did some, I did some warmups over there, 30s for a few, 40s for a few, and then ready for some 45s. So this time today's going to be tricep bicep supersets. So, you know, I don't need to rush and like completely sprint from the rope to the preacher, but I'm going to rest in between once the two sets are complete. So this first kind of pairing, light squeezing tricep, and I really want to kind of feel it the whole time. Because sometimes I'm going to say it's okay to do a nasty set. Like yesterday's back day, when I started with heavy lap pull downs, like it's not like I was throwing the weight around too hard, but I was definitely doing quicker reps. So I wasn't feeling that sort of slow, kind of burn, sort of squeeze kind of a teag, that I'm going to feel right now with this slower set, same kind of approach with the with the preacher. But this will be the first pairing. I'll probably do maybe, I'll just have to see. If this clicks, like if for whatever reason, this rope followed by those single-inpreacher curls just feels absolutely perfect, and I can tell I'm going to be completely pumped at the end of it. I can see myself just going back and forth between two movements for all six or seven sets that I end up doing. But I'm not like locked into that idea, right? I'm just saying I'm open to it. So after the first two, I'll probably know if I want to move on to something else or just keep these going. But no more chatin, let's get some attack on tight and opening songs playing and give myself hands up. Aw, these, Okay. It's I first with these. Hey shelters. Oh. No. No. No. Yeah. No. No. Oh. Oh. Oh. ooh nah nah nah nah nah Yeah, my left biceps the little head of the game. So I'll do the right one first and then match the reps and the left. But this feels good. Let's repeat this a couple more times. I might go one notch heavier on the rope, but yeah, I think we're going to sit here for minimum two more. I'll just go from there. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my God. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my gosh. Oh. Let's just keep doing these. I picked a good, I picked a good little pair of Swiss. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No! No! No! No! No! No! Alright. I think I might have actually called it. I'm just going to, not just to these two movements today. These are really clicking. So, what is what? Three? Probably two, three more of these. I mean, pomp-wise? Or definitely attract to something. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. No. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If this next set is good, I think that's going to be Aussie wrote only a five set arm day pump. Which... Don't forget, this is not a bulking building new tissue workout with, you know, a million-frican-excess-calories. This is me getting the solid pump. Good muscular stimulation on what I would call reasonably substantial deficit. You know, so it's definitely something to take into account in terms of what your workouts are kind of like. Because obviously, if I was eating 5,000 calories, I'd be curled a bit heavier, pushing a bit heavier, and probably doing a bit more sets because it has more muscular endurance. But one more? Spine some lighting, and it will help them to see the mic. Who? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Yeah. Arms are freaking dumb. So only 5 working sets really doesn't take too freaking much, at least, you know, given the circumstances. So let's just see how it will look at it. Honestly, this is definitely up there in terms of overall kind of quality of pump. As any of my freaking recent lifts have been, which is pretty cool for me. Especially again, and this is like an early lift. I don't really eat too many calories today anyway. But let's, let's get right in the line, like, yeah, yeah. Now that's extra cool right here. Honestly, that's like, I don't think I've ever seen how much brachialis separation on myself before. Yeah, all the crap. This diet is freaking working. Oh, geez. Oh, man. And then a little side tries to, for the road. I can barely reach around to grab my opposite freaking hand. Yeah, we go. We're getting somewhere. We are most certainly getting somewhere. But I think that's all she wrote for arms. So now I get to, well, okay, I'm not leaving yet. Let's get a most muscular out of here. Okay. Whoa, man. Dude, deficit plus pumped plus a breath holdy flex. I've been making myself lightheaded. I get to be careful. If you've ever done that before, you know the feeling, because you're kind of, whoa. And I guess if I actually didn't freaking pass out, I'd have to leave it in. I wouldn't just, you know, clip it so I'm going to try my best. Not to do that. But for you, let's see what in the car? For me, I'm going to camp out. Right there. I'm going to be staring at that screen for the next half hour. But I'll see you in the camera. All right. So I get this question every so often. Enough where I think it warrants a little bit of a deeper explanation on my end. And it's, you know, it's kind of just as basic as what am I doing all this for? What's the point of all this working out? Where's the point of all this bulk and up and cutting down? And everything else is like, is it purely because you want to be a competitive bodybuilder? Is it because you want to, and I mean, yeah, like that's going to be cool. But it's kind of just as simple as I like it. You know, I mean, this is my thing. I can work on it pretty consistently. I mean, actually, like, very consistently on the daily getting into twice daily. Now with the cardiovascular session, the workout session. And it's like progressing at a man, you know. That's like asking the bird-wise flies. Man, it's just what he's made to do. So the whole process, they're just getting bigger, walking around like it. I just like the whole thing. That's the cool part, you know. So that's what's getting the extra excited about once this dieting phase is over. Because I'm not really, you know, it's not like I'm not making progress right now. I'm like getting a leaner that is definitely a vector of progress for sure. But it's the building up of size that I really like. Like the dieting phase almost feels like a break from the bulk as it were. You know, in the pursuit of size, there's in the necessity to sometimes set up camp and kind of reset your system as it were. Which is kind of what the dieting phases are. Like in terms of overall kind of like stress on my whole system, the dieting phase is chill. I mean, I'm not as inflamed as I am as when I pull a food and you know, really kind of tackle on size and kind of constantly putting myself into a state of growth. Like all the extra cardio too. I mean, this is a much more relaxed state. Even though I'd feel a little more of the tharject from, you know, doing all the cardio and being in a deficit. Like this is definitely kind of a break from all the stresses of actual like, you know, muscle gaining. And then eventually, I'll reach a point where I can say, alright. This is big enough. I'm at a size that I like. I want to float around here for the next however long. And then, you know, go from there and stay at a baseline level of leanness for, you know, however long. I like. And that's in the distant freakin future, you know, because there's, I'll see all sorts of comments now. I mean, I forever, right? It's like, why would you want to bulk up if you're just going to have to cut down later? And it's, I mean, it's just a nature of trying to get this big, you know, and over time, it is a gradual game because I really don't think main gaming is something you can do indefinitely. I think main gaming is sick in the beginning. Like as a beginner, lifter, you do not need a bulk. You do not need like a hardcore 7,000 calorie. Not man. Each approach team. How many pounds you weigh is how many grams you should eat? Literally only do that as your macro tracking in the beginning before you really start to lock into it. And then just lift, you know, your body will regulate your calorie intake by eating when you're hungry. And then you're going to gain muscle for quite a while. I'm talking months on end, right? Beginner gains are the best because all you got to do is lift, hit your protein, and you're good. Now over time, it gets a bit more complicated than you really get a kind of dial again. But at the beginning, the only macro I'd say you really need to be counting is that protein side of things. Now, if the beginning of your lifting journey is a fat loss, you know, transformation, then that's a little bit different, right? You get a, you know, maybe try to limit yourself a little bit, potentially add in some extra cardio compared to the next guy. But still simple enough at the beginning. But over time, I do think there's a limit to that main gaining sort of stimulus because, I mean, it's happened everybody. There's a, I'd say there's a pretty substantial percentage of lifters out there, where they've been at a main gaining effort level. And what I mean by that is like, they still work out hard consistently. But they're not eating a ton of food outside of, you know, what they regularly kind of consume, like they're not really kind of leverage their diet towards, you know, more progress. And it's like they go to the gym every day. They get their pre-work out, they get their creatine, they get their whatever they're eating. Probably maybe even doing their cardio too. But if you're not fueling your system enough to give yourself that extra surplus of energy to build new muscle tissue, then you're kind of leaving games on a table for not that much extra work. So when I'm getting out there is, I really think there's a massive sort of, pool of untapped muscle, which could be built purely by a little bit of extra effort outside the gym. The problem is it's not as fun, right? Working on, working on, you know, working out outside of the gym is sometimes a little trickier for people because it's outside of the gym, you know, it's like that's your regular life. And then you get your gym life where you're actually in the gym, doing your workout. But there's a lot of gains to be had there. So if you can leverage your diet and combine it with some consistency on that diet, you know, if you're trying to bulk up, make sure you actually do hit your 3500 calorie per day goal. Or if you're trying to cut down, save yourself, save yourself the trouble of having to say crap. This diet was a bust and don't have too many insane off the wall 5000 calorie cheat days. You could have some, just not that you can't have a ton. You know, you can have like maybe one or two a month. But, you know, it's just a delayed gratification type situation, you know? So the guy who can lock into a diet for three months is going to have the results that lock into that diet, and it's kind of as simple as that, right? It takes what it takes. So if you can increase some cardio, decrease your calories, keep working out like normal, guess what? You're going to get lean. I can guarantee and freaking teet. So all that's left for you to do is download that macro tracker app and get to it. But for me, I got a throw away a bunch of cardboard boxes and we got piled up on a highway office. I have some ground beef. I actually know have some, make some ground turkey. And that's some ground beef with some lettuce with some fat free cheese with some low sugar barbecue sauce. And then I could see taking an app. I could force see taking an ice-posed workout in app. So I think that's not like I got the same in. Day at 105 under the books. I can't remember. Day 102 something. We're getting closer to the end than we are to the beginning. We're past the halfway point now. So I will see you for legs tomorrow. I'm going to get a good night's freaking rest.