It's freaking bright, man. But that's nice. Does that mean it's early? And this is not a late lift that's behind the schedule. So 402, I would call that the perfect time for a chest day. I've had a good amount of calories so far, though. I'm already maxed out from my carbon take at 100 grams, which is what I'm sort of aiming for. If that intake good, I'm at like 18 or something, so I'm at 20 to spare. And then protein, I've got about another 100 or so grams if I want to stick to the limits that I'm giving myself, which I do. So I'm going to make sure that I have a protein-focused meal only. Well, primarily post-workout, so that's going to be, I think I'll just do another egg white chopped salad mixed with the fat-free cheese combo. That has been hitting pretty hard. It's got a very strong ratio of fillingness to not a lot of calories, which is kind of the food stats that I'm really trying to max out for me. And then other than that, I'll couple it with, I mean, I got a whole gallon there. I got a gallon jug, not a whole gallon of just some electrolyte water, like some lemon lime style stuff. Because just drinking a ton of stuff like that, like having a higher fluid intake, I think it helps. It's kind of a little bit of a hunger-curber per se, because it definitely does sort of give you, at least in some sense, like your stomach, I mean, the illusion of having a certain amount of stuff in it. Because if you slam a liter of water, it's going to make you feel full, at least for like a second. But there is no getting around the fact that you are just going to be hungry. I mean, on average, if you're in a legitimate calorie deficit, then there's no way around it, you're going to be hungry. But don't confuse being hungry with being bored, because that can really set you up for failure. If you're just sitting around, you're going to sit for another hour or something, just play on your phone. You're not really doing anything, you're not engaging, you're not playing a game, you're not doing whatever. That's a typical cue in your mind. Deep kind of subconscious, like, oh, you're not doing anything else? Go check out the covers. Go check out the fridge, man. What's in there? Anything you want to snack on? Yeah. And not even because you were really even hungry for anything. Just because you were like, let's see what's the truth. That's good to check out. Let's see what the truth is. Anytime you get that sort of feeling, maybe try to use it as a jump start to just do something else. And it could be anything. I'm talking like either just, oh, I mean, I'm sure you got some laundry to fold. I'm sure your desk might be a bit as cute this way or the other. You get probably subtracted to sort out. Eidle hands are the stomachs play thing when it comes to dieting. So the more stuff you can keep yourself busy with, the more occupied your mind's going to be. And then you simply, times going to pass it, you won't have eaten during it. I'm definitely known to go to that's a pretty long rabbit hole. Like with all the, like, I'll be sending my desk for a frigging while messing with all the camera stuff, the video editing, the lighting, whatever else. And like in a walking face, sometimes it kind of screws me over because I just wasted like, you know, to, well, not wasted, but I just spent two hours, you know, like, tinker around with stuff. And it's like crap, man, I should have eaten a meal. But you can use that situation to your advantage, you know, diet and context. So all that's to say is just make sure you get some stuff to do. In terms of today's chest day, weight, not going to be too crazy, but the pump may as well look like I'm going to, like, I'm going to lift it five million for compounds for reps. That's what I mean before. So a combination of incline Smith incline cable press, maybe some flat cable press, and sort of lower-peck stretch focus flies and stuff. And then, you know, not, not, not, yeah, what am I saying? Sort of, like, top to bottom kind of flies. And then whatever in between kind of just comes up and makes sense. And half of what's going to decide what movement's going to be taking is just, is the gym going to be packed, you know, it's 4 o'clock. High school got out at 2.30. And people are getting that a work. Who's definitely a bit of a spike around that probably four to six range. So, you know, luckily it's Thursday. It's not national, it's just Thursday. But sometimes you, uh, sometimes you never know. I mean, random synchronicities appear all the time where you think you're going to have a badass back-day and then for whatever reason, everybody else in the gym also had that exact same thought process. So just be ready to adapt if you know that your gym is going to be a little busier than normal. But don't cower, you know, don't think to yourself, oh, God, it's fucking packed. It sucks. There's no freaking packed to that, sorry. It sucks. It's coming in. It's, uh, this will be my last note before we get this workout started. But as cheesy as it sounds and it definitely does sound cheesy. Like all the self-help motivational speaker, kind of guys, um, they're all going to say the same thing, you know, the mind leads and the body followers. So if you're constantly just putting yourself down or finding the negative things to complain about, then you really think that your performance is going to be somehow the complete opposite and you're totally going to kill it. And how many workouts do people really kill it? And they're intermodal lock to themselves is on the socks that you want to be here. There's so many freaking people on that guy's on my machine. Just doesn't work like that, you know. Just, the, I'm living in the real world. This isn't a freaking fantasy way. So I'm going to get in there, warm out my roti-to-to-to-kuffs, my triceps, my back, everything else that's going to kind of come into play and then we can jump to, uh, whatever set number one ends up being. I was eyeing the Smith machine, but occupied and not in a way that I could work in. To instead, let's throw it something quite a cable press. This is going to be a much more controlled set, at least in the scheme of things for today's left. There's the squeeze and hold as kind of, or the magic is with something like this. A few more. One for sure, possibly two. Yeah. One more. You see. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Those are really good. And for the next movement, I get this thing right here. All you're gonna do is you're gonna do is you're gonna bench. Okay. So this is gonna be very different in the last set because that last set of the incline bench cable press. Honestly, that's like a perfect press. Especially for me because I'm so prone to hunching on my incline press and work. And that press really lets me keep my shoulders back. I mean, I don't even feel any front-belt for team after those reps. But here, I'm playing and basically bend over so I'm doing some straight flies and contrasting the slow, controlled, with a good negative. These reps quick, pumpish, get some blood in my chest. And I'm still going hard. So from what I can tell, that just means I'm doing a different style of set, giving myself a different stimulus. And I know I'm gonna be extra pumped because then after this, if I move on to a different kind of like, let's say incline smith or machine press over there. From already being pumped up, it's gonna feel so much better. Or at least different. And different is kind of a goal. So let's get this set done. Let's do one more. And this will be a little lighter for some more squeeze. One more lighter slower with a longer hold in the squeeze. And then hopefully the... Oh, okay, I don't think the incline smith is gonna open up, but something will open up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Let's do some kind of press next. I like this chest press. I don't love it, but I do like it. And since I'm already pre-feteed from that cable press in those flies, I don't know if it's still sweet. So it's a lightish sack. I saw I can stack it, but I'm more concerned with a good hold. And this machine in general, some machines just work better for like quicker nasty reps. Not so much here. I mean, honestly, the slower execution with the squeeze is simply gonna feel better on something like this. Whereas, you know, with some of those bent over flies or pectics, I like a fast nasty set because I really feel like I'm getting extra pumped up. Whereas on movements like this, sometimes it just feels like you're throwing a weight around. And I'm getting a little bit smarter to the point where I don't care as much about throwing the weight around on its own. But I want the purpose that doing these sets is gonna give not just to do them for no reason. But, no more talking. Just make it happen. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One more drop set. Drop set. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's give you some touches. So plan is some cable press. Super set it into a drop set. I've some basically just bent over flat promise. And I'll go a little heavier on the press. So let's grab the set this to 50. And probably drop it to 25 for the fly portion. Come on. There we go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And 27 closer enough. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's fine. That was a good one. I can say with certainty that it was a very good chest day. I'm talking good energy. I felt pretty good, especially on 1500 calories, which I mean, probably a little bit too many to have eaten this soon in the day. But when he didn't do it, adjust the depth over come. But although sets felt really freaking cool. So let's get a little chest teaser going on here with the flammel. Yeah. We get something going on for sure. It kind of sucks though. I was going to wear a yellow one. But they don't fit anymore. I'm freaking running out of my cool old clothes because I'm out growing them. And it used to be like, okay, well, you know, I'm fully bulked. I guess I can't wear this anymore. But now it's I'm dieted and I can't wear my old freaking flammel stuff. Like what the hell is going on here? But that's okay. So let's run through some chest poses and really just get a good glimpse of how we're looking. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Let's go a little light ahead of there. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, Oh, goodness. Oh, man. Well, Vaney, getting gradually more and more grainy. Now, I gotta do his wait for these pounds to just keep peeling off me. The problem is that it's not a passive activity. So, while you get to jump into the car and listen to some more gym-based rambles, I gotta go camp out of the car to your butt. So, I'll catch in an hour. So, a rather solid chest pump complete, if I do say so myself. And then 30 minutes on the seated elliptical, which feels a little better than I would have expected. Honestly, before I tried it, I totally would have dogged on that machine just from looking at it. But, I mean, a little learned. Don't judge a cardio bike by its cover. I see like you're pretty good. And then, I don't like just sitting on one machine for the full hour that ends up being a little bit too monotonous. So, even though I didn't like the way that one felt, 30 minutes in, went back upstairs, and then just did the regular seated bike for the rest of the 30 minutes. And changing it up like that is a pretty good boost to how quick the time passes. You know, if you just sit in the same place for an hour, of course you think it would be good for it. But, I mean, if somebody were extra kind of crazy about it, if you were a little more on the anteced side of things, and maybe you wanted to do 10 minutes on the treadmill, then 10 minutes on the seat of bike, then five minutes on the elliptical, then five minutes on the treadmill again. It doesn't really matter as long as it all adds up to that total, you know, whatever goal number of minutes is for you, of having an elevated heart rate. But, I'm getting into a little bit of a habit of making all these post-workout talks about the cardio, because for me, obviously, that's what it was finished. But, now, that was a good chest day. It felt strong. And by strong, I just mean, like, not, I didn't feel like I was lifting in its sane amount of weight, like, like, like, or so much weight today. It's just picking a weight that felt like a good working rep. Like, I didn't feel like I had to work when I had extra squeeze at the top. You know, everything was just kind of clicked. And today, I think I did a much better job at being hydrated with having that jug around. I got to start slamming some extra fluids and, I see, practice in what I preach. Because I have Vena, I've been doing like four leaders, but across the whole day, I think it's not enough. I got to start up in it to maybe even six, because I usually do one before cardio, one after cardio, one just going to throughout the day, one with the pre-workout, one during the lift, and then, well, and he is that as I actually had up to. Either way, it's pretty much impossible to do it, especially if you get some, some electrolyte packs of any variety. If dieting obviously go for the low to no sugar versions of those, but, just freaking slam, you know. I feel like I was about to say something like I forget. Yeah, oh, so exactly like I kind of predicted. The workout did not go according to my visualized plan. Like I was walking up the steps, that's not true. I was riding up the elevator to the second weight level for an amazing hour. Let's go warm out my shoulders, get my triceps loose, get everything kind of nice and prepped. You get my rotate of cuffs going. And then I'm going to pop a squat on the incline Smith machine, and that's going to be set number one. And then I'll probably move on to some, you would ever have to know. That's what I had in mind for a set number one. And guess what happened? Not that. All right, it was taken. So I had to totally switch my game up and do something else, which I had not really planned or accounted for. So during the process of my warm-up, my brain was firing at 10,000 percent of my cocaine neurons, which movement should I do? All right, well I'm already using this cable to warm up nobody's on this one. The other one isn't being used either way, and all right, let's grab a bench, do some incline cable flies. Here's some incline cable press. Perfect, you know. It's, you don't have to be so picky now. I'm, it's a little bit of a hypocritical statement because sometimes I am. With some body parts, I am a little picky, like with, with legs. If I've got the option, between like a pendulum leg press and a standard kind of sled leg press, I can pick the pendulum every time. And I might even wait a little bit or like do some extra sets of leg extensions or whatever I was doing beforehand, so that I can use that one in particular. But not every lift has to be done in the exact way that you had it visualized. Like as cool as that sounds to be able to say like, yeah, you know, I was driving the gym and, or I want to mean bed, I'm thinking about the exact work I'm going to do tomorrow. Like I'm already going through it over and over in life. Like as cool as that sounds. Dude, you know, it's just not really how things get done, right? Because I mean today, especially like I was kind of, I really kind of had to take my own advice when I was saying, like don't, don't get yourself upset or in a twist because everybody's on all the equipment that you thought you were going to use. Is apparently today, or this year, National Chest Days Thursday, or everybody have freaking chest. It's like dude, come on, don't freak about it. Just literally exactly like I said before, pick something else and move forward. Don't get hung up like that. Because the more of just like a chill kind of mentality you can have, and by chill, I just mean not negative, the better I feel. You know, I'm not saying you need to go into like a four plate squat for eight reps, chill, but I am saying, you know, going to it with a good mentality, right? Because if 90% of all your thoughts are going to be called this sucks, this, now I'm just re-phrasing everything that's out of the way here. Oh, that's to say, is if you want to get locked in, reach what many would kind of describe as the flow state, which I think I was locked in today. I was feeling some flow state kind of vibes, and what I mean by that is like, time just sort of past. I never felt like I was watching the clock. I never felt like I was getting distracted. I wasn't really thinking about anything else except for the workout that I was doing, and each set on its own. Like it took top priority in my mind. I had no distractions. I had my music playing. I had a little, uh, got some, little green men going on my ears. Absolutely freaking perfect. Plus extra sunlight from the big windows in there. And all the energy from the fact that it was a pack gym. Like it was all the variables were pretty much in place. So when you have lifts like that, those are the best, because you don't have to grind, you don't feel like a home man. And as much as it could be to do with just random factors beyond your control, I think a pretty good explanation as to why I felt so good today was, I was well rested. I was reasonably well fed for my given dieting state. Definitely well hydrated. And that's just a good mood, you know? So if you can get those four, three things there, you know, if you can get those four things down, then the likelihood that you're going to have sweet lift is quite high. Or at least elevated compared to somebody who didn't do those. You know, let's say you could, you could pick two, uh, two days or two nights to go through. And then you know you have a heart leg day the next day at four o'clock in the afternoon. Would you rather get three hours of sleep or eight hours of sleep? Would you rather drink maybe a few cups of water and like the Coke zero? Or like a couple liters of water with, you know, a reasonable amount of electrolytes. Would you rather go into it with a cool kind of level head? Or would you rather just be freaking like, antsy and anxious, entire and tense and, that's obvious, right? But that's speaking in hindsight, you know, that's, uh, it's much easier said than done. A lot of this stuff really is. But if you can try to remember that and lean towards it, then maybe next time you're sitting on your phone scrolling before you're going to bed, you're about to watch another 200 Instagram reels, which half of them are just going to be talking about the low taper meme or, like, whatever. Maybe it might be in your best interest to think, okay, I've had enough of this. I already know what all these are going to look like. Turn the phone off, head of the pillow, and just get a little bit of, actually. Or, you know, just little things like that, right? So, oh, let's say proper preparation prevents poor pumps. I stand behind that one gazillion freaking percent. So I think that's all I got. I'm going to go home, finish off the rest of my ground turkey. That has been in the fridge for, whoa, it's been in the fridge for a little while. Probably in my best interest to eat it sooner than later. You know, don't let it, uh, don't let it get too old. And then drink some more water, go to sleep, and then repeat with a wide ass back day tomorrow. So I'll see you then for that.