Here are four things I wish I knew when I first started yoga. Every yoga teacher talks about the breath, but not often do we have a chance to discuss why the breath is so critically important in your yoga practice. So here they are. Number one, your breath is the way that you communicate to your nervous system to relax. When we get into the poses, oftentimes we're triggering that fight or flight response as we're uncomfortable. When we are triggered, we tend to make our breath shallow, harsh or forceful. So by slowing down the breath, you tell yourself that you're okay. This changes the way that you start to respond both on the mat and off the mat. Number two, your breath is like a thermometer or a thermostat. When you are consciously paying attention to your breath when you enter poses, you can watch as your breath starts to struggle or get shallow or short. When you're paying attention to the breath in this passive way, you're using the breath like a thermometer, helping you to understand just how much pressure or how much fire is in your practice. It's also like a thermostat. By consciously controlling your breath, you can regulate the amount of energy you're receiving and you're giving into each of the poses. Number three, and this is one of my most favorite breath isn't just about bringing in oxygen and releasing carbon dioxide. Yes, we want to breathe it out, but we also want the space of the breath. When you take a full full inhalation from the belly to the chest and even into the upper chest or shoulders, not only are you bringing in fresh oxygen, but to make room for your lungs, your diaphragm is going to squeeze against your internal organs. This causes a spike in your blood pressure. That pressure rides the 60,000 kilometers of blood vessels or cardiovascular system. So as the pressure grows, you're literally creating space from the inside out. So lastly, put it all together for number four. Each pose is just a shape for us to breathe deep into. Each pose targets a specific area of the body. It opens it, it lengthens it. That makes us uncomfortable. That's where the fighter flight response can kick in. By breathing slow, we soften the nervous system. By breathing deep, we encourage the space from the inside out. And by controlling the breath, we regulate the practice using the breath as a thermostat. So the next time you're in your practice, breathe deep, breathe mindfully, and center your entire practice on your breath.