Number one, rather than straightening your legs in downward facing dog, be very generous with a bend in your knees. When you bend your knees, you free the movement of your pelvis. Lift your thighs up into your hips and feel that angle of the pelvis shift, providing more length for your lower back. The second beginner mistake is much like the first. Straightening the legs prematurely in a halfway lift. If I straight in my legs, notice how around my back is. Instead, just like down dog, bend your knees generously. Pull your hips back, feel for the length in your lower spine. You can even put a hand there to see whether it feels like the low back is rounded like an arch, or it's concave just like a dish or a plate. Then press your hands into your shins and pull lightly upwards, feel the muscles on your back engage. Number three of the common beginner mistakes that I see is going so far into the lunge that you begin to collapse in your back knee or back foot, which can cause a lot of pressure into the knee or into the ankle. Instead, start these lunge positions with both your legs nice and straight. Then, put your back heel into the ground and feel the strength of your back leg is engaged. Then, paying attention to the back leg, start to rebound your front leg, going only as far as you can keep the back leg strong. Number four of the common beginner mistakes that I see is the rotation of the back foot being too far out in warrior poses. When the back foot is turned out, it takes the hips and turns them towards the back foot, causing the front knee to fall into the inner arch. This puts torsion on the knee. Instead, we try to use the outer hip to open the knee, but when we turn the back foot first, it allows for the hips to turn slightly forward, and now the knee can easily access that line in front of the right middle toes. The last common beginner mistake that I see is a lack of movement in the pelvis, when moving from warrior to into extended side angle. If I go into extended side angle, without moving my hips, notice how short the left side got and how long and curve the right side is. This time, I'm not allowed this left hip to drop, the right hip to lift and roll slightly forward. This movement of the pelvis allows for my spine to stay long as I come into the pose.