Welcome to Better Health Outcomes Through Functional Nutrition, where today we will shine a spotlight on the role of functional nutrition for fitness enthusiasts like you. My name is Tammy Neale and I'm the VP of Communications with the International Sports Sciences Association, you know as as ISSA. I'm pleased to be with you today to introduce you to a brand you may not yet be familiar with, the functional nutrition alliance. Andrea Nakiyama is a functional medicine nutritionist and educator who has led thousands of clients and now teaches even more coaches and clinicians around the world in a revolution reclaiming ownership of both their own and their clients health. As the founder of functional nutrition alliance Andrea draws on systems biology, mental models, root cause methodology and the therapeutic partnership to offer long awaited solutions for the rapidly growing chronic illness epidemic. Andrea lost her young husband to a brain tumor in 2002. Following that loss, she discovered a passion for using food as personalized medicine and is now regularly consulted as the nutrition expert for the toughest clinical cases in the practices of many world renowned doctors. She trains nearly 4,000 practitioners each year in her methodologies so that they too can become the last stop for their clients and patients as well as a trusted referral partner for doctors in their area. I am pleased to be joined today by Andrea Nakiyama. Welcome Andrea. Thank you, Tammy. I'm excited to be here with you. Yes, I'm excited to be here today and introduce ISSA students to this new world that like me. They may not be familiar with. Yeah, hopefully we can remedy that before we're done here today. Before we do get started though, let's set the stage with our intention and what we hope to achieve in today's conversation. My hope is that we can empower all of our listeners and viewers to achieve better health outcomes with diet and lifestyle modifications. Does that sound good to you? All right, let's start at the beginning. I feel like I have a baseline understanding of what nutrition is. I mean, I learned some of that in school. However, when you add functional ahead of nutrition, I'm unclear what that means and I'm guessing some people here today might also be unclear. So could we start with what functional nutrition really means? Yeah, that's a great question and it's a perfect place to start. So I always like to say that functional means it works. And when we're talking about functional, we're talking about the body. So you mentioned that I practice systems biology. I look at things through the realm of the therapeutic partnership and systems biology. That means that we're not just eating in a way that looks good on the outside. The shudds or the cuds, the macros or the counting, the calories. We're saying what works for this individual. So we're taking the place where food meets physiology. So functional nutrition is in keeping with the practices of functional medicine, which is a form of medicine that was developed in the 1990s. That's in keeping with the realm of systems biology and how everything in the body is connected. So I know a lot of us today are familiar with the gut brain connection or thinking about hormones and the liver. That might be a little bit harder to grasp, but we know the gut brain connection. We know there's a lot going on in there. So those are the concepts that we really embrace in a functional medicine and functional nutrition practice. We understand everything in the body is connected. Everyone is unique and all the things we do matter. It's not just about the right and wrong. It's about what we're doing in relation to who we are and what we're experiencing. I love that. It feels really personalized to each person. What it is to you is going to be different than what it is for me. Exactly. I can tell you that we should all eat broccoli or a certain amount of protein, which happens a lot in the physical fitness arena. And yes, we can look at what that could be or should be, but then what if you have difficulties digesting proteins for a number of reasons or you can eat as much fiber. That's where we individualize it. We call it bio individuality, which means that we're eating in a way that's right for our body and our body's needs. Okay. I love that. Thank you for explaining that that way. Yeah, you're better. For the certified personal trainers that are joining us today in the simplest terms, how do you recommend they best describe the difference between functional nutrition and what's called regular nutrition to their clients. Yes, so for me, when I talk about nutrition, it is again is what exists outside the body. So we can read reports on whether coffee is good or bad or red wine is good or bad or how much of this or that we should have. And that's nutrition. The science of nutrition exists outside the body. The science of functional nutrition exists inside the body. So as a personal trainer or fitness instructor, you may have clients who are coming to you either complaining. Either complaining about certain symptoms, whether it's PMS that's keeping them out of the gym or migraines or something that's disturbing them. And that's where regular nutrition can fall short if somebody's seeming to do all the right things. Then we have to move beyond nutrition and go to functional nutrition because it is tailored for your particular needs. And we do the inquiry to uncover. Hey, Tammy, what are your particular needs instead of hey Tammy here's how you should eat. I love that. That nutrition exists outside the body. Functional nutrition exists inside the body. So I can feed my family a nutritious meal. But how my son's body reacts to it and my husband's body and my personal body react will be different based on the functional nutrition requirements of our bodies. Exactly. And I think when it comes to maybe meeting the needs of 80% of the population nutrition is just fine. It's when we get to that 20% which we're all encountering. I'm sure we all encounter the people in our practice who have been diagnosed with cancer, diabetes, have IBS and their digestion is impacting them. It's the people who are sick and not getting better or experiencing symptoms that are unresolved. It's those people who need a more bio individual approach. Okay. So this idea of functional nutrition. It feels like a new concept to me. I haven't been familiar with it for that long, but based on your leadership and the programs you've developed and the work you've done in this field. It's becoming more and more ingrained in conversations around wellness. Why do you think there's a need for this today? Are there current systems in place that aren't working? Are we being taught there wrong things? Is this just the next level once we've put on quote, nutrition that now we can take it to that next level? Yeah, that's a great question. And I do think that there are a lot of gaps in our healthcare system. So I'm not here to vilify our healthcare system. I think it does many, many things incredibly well. And it's based on a real protocol system. So it says, if you have Crohn's disease, here's your protocol, right? It's based on protocol system. And there's ways in which the individual has been left behind. And I just want to pause here and recognize that in my world, I encounter more and more people who are left behind or fall through the cracks in our current medical systems. So when I talk about the 80, 20, we can say 80 people 80% of the people do well with regular nutrition or nutrition as a handout or a blog or a book. And that's just fine. And it's just those 20% like my husband was like, I am I a poshimoto. So I have an autoimmune diagnosis. But I believe that as we age, that 80, 20 flips. And so if you're working with anybody who's in an aging population, meaning over 45 for women really when things start to shift with our hormones, right? So things start to shift and people start going, wait a minute, what's happening or what I used to do doesn't work or why am I working out as hard, but I'm putting on weight. We start to encounter in ourselves or the people we're working with some of the cracks in the tried and true systems. And this is where we have to go a bit deeper and understand what's going on for the individuals. So in my experience not only are there gaps in our standards of thinking, whether they're medical or health and wellness related, but there are also gaps in our understanding how to work with people, understand individual needs. And I like to call what's going on in there. And there are more and more people who are raising their hand going, I tried that that doesn't work for me. That's not helping me that causes me pain. And so I feel like there is a rise in the need for a functional nutrition or a bio individual approach to nutrition. That's really cropping up all over the place. I think we all see it. And you said it right there of like, that doesn't work for me. That doesn't mean doesn't work for everyone going back to specifics of this being very individualized. Yes. Obviously every individual can benefit from having a understanding of the impacts of nutrition nutrition on their own body. And so this is a really loaded question, but I do want to empower those certified personal trainers listening today. How could you describe the types of individuals who see the greatest impact with a lifestyle change focused more wholly on a functional nutrition? Yeah, again, these are the people who just aren't getting better. And we all encounter these people in our practices. I have a lot of coaches, a lot of fitness professionals in full body systems. And they're there because they've encountered it either in their own body or with the clientele that they're seeing where there are people who I'm just going to say they're sick and they're not getting better. And that sickness could be a niggling little thing like I'm bloated all the time. I don't know what I'm doing. I'm eating like you told me to Tammy. I'm doing all the things you told me to do. Why am I bloated? Why can't you help me? What's going on with me? You're my trusted resource. It could be little and miggling or it could be big. Like I said, a diagnosis that's all of a sudden come about. It could be the diagnosis that a partner, the of somebody you're working with has experienced. And so the people who benefit from functional nutrition are the people who kind of hit a wall with what's considered to be regular nutrition and all the best practices and they're still not able to move through. And what functional nutrition does is help us say yes, they're still away. It's not our job to heal to diagnose to treat. It's our job to look at what's going on physiologically so that we can change the expression of any of the signs, the symptoms or the diagnoses that people are experiencing that keep them from feeling optimal from performing top notch. So I do want to clarify you said for people this will work best for people who've hit a wall and I want to clarify that you mean in their overall wellness right maybe with. Something that they're battling in turn you don't mean if they've hit a wall like physically in the gym right we're talking about like what's happening on the inside. We're not talking about strength training and things like that exactly not my expertise. So that's where I love the opportunity to train all different kinds of professionals so they can bring functional nutrition into their practices whatever those may be. And so what I do want to say in addition to what you're seeing is we see a lot more people who have fatigue and they can't do their workouts or they're not able to perform like they used to and they can't figure out why that also is an internal thing. So hitting a wall not in the way we might think in a physical world but hitting the wall of the limitations of feeling optimal performance at its optimal level. People on the single you you said something that I realized I'm now part of an aging female population since I over 40 and men and women obviously have different hormone levels women have different hormone levels I different stages of their life lives. Does how does functional nutrition look different for men for women for women at different stages of hormone levels what should. Yeah, so there's a lot to know about this. As I've joked with you before so when we're looking through a functional nutrition lens we're learning about what's going on inside the body and we're using that as clues. Understanding what hormones are how they change over time hormones for us as women change throughout the month through the cycle there's different levels of different hormones when we're tracking and looking at that we can start to detect. Oh, this is happening during this phase or this phase or where can we relate signs and symptoms to what might be happening in the body and then those hormones change pretty significantly as we age as well and as we go through different periods of our life cycle. So there's lots of different ways to help people with their hormones and depending on whether they're male or female through their gender expression whether they're taking hormones whether they're doing anything that impacts their hormones it really is individual and then in functional nutrition if we need to we can be looking at specific testing. Again, not to diagnose or treat but to understand the metabolization of hormones so we have hormones in our body I like to think of them as magic sprinkles and they have to be made they have to be utilized and they have to be excreted and so understanding how we actually work with hormones internally helps us as coaches as clinicians as trainers to help people with their hormone changes as well. I love that it's magic sprinkles. Magic sprinkles because now we can look at it through a positive lens and so you're attated with our hormones when we don't know what's happening. We need those hormones we want those hormones. We've discussed that every person's body is different and for the trainers listening today what what could they pass along as a starting point you know again every trainer is coaching different individuals at different. phases of their lives. What is a starting point that everybody listening today could take to get the conversation started with their clients. Yeah, well, I'm a big fan of inquiry. I'm also a student of what's called narrative medicine so I always want to understand the needs of the individual. I don't think it my job to tell somebody how to eat or what to do unless I'm understanding what their needs are. There needs are so number one if you're working with somebody and you want to be making recommendations around their nutrition. It's really important that we do what I call assess so we call it the art of the practice over at functional nutrition alliance art stands for assess. Recommend track and that's cyclical we're staying in that relationship like we would in a fitness situation seeing somebody regularly. So before I even tell you anything I know it's not the answer you want to me because we want to say like he protein or like eat your greens. But the first question is to sit in that place of inquiry and curiosity who are you what are you looking to achieve what have you tried in the past really anchor in on what we call an intake to understand what somebody's history is with their body with. Body with food it can be a real. Insult to the person and I don't mean personally I just mean to their body to make recommendations that don't really recognize where they're coming from so I always want to say. Start with inquiry get curious if you want to work with somebody around their food about their relationship with food about their relationship with their body. About what they're looking to achieve with their body and then very graciously see where there's room for making recommendations based on what you learn. I love that so assess. Recommend in the tea is track track so that's the art process is that what you've earned of the practice yes art of the practice assess recommend track. I'm a little bit that tracking comes back to assessing because we learn more like if we say to a client hey see what happens when you eat breakfast instead of just starting with coffee let me know how you feel let's look at your energy levels in the morning how you feel during your workout we whatever it is we can track hormones we can track whoop which is one of my favorite things to track we call it food mood poop tracking mood is. Any science so we just start with getting curious and that's really something that. I drive home in the full body systems training okay so I've never been taught how to properly grow tree shop I probably grow tree shop when I'm hungry I like to go shopping in hungry and then. You know I go up and down the inside I also which you know the food that's better for you is on the outside the perimeter of the grocery store I learned or I go up and down every I would not have a list or I'm only driven by the queue bonds that I have with me but. If I want to practice the. Assess react and. And. Recommend recommend all. Assess recommend and track if I want to do that. Is there a starting point like on my grocery list of what I should start with. Yeah that's a great question and I'm going to give you the three principles of food that I think of because there's never one protocol because what works for you Tammy may not be what works for me I may not eat foods that you eat food that you eat. So there's three principles that I work with around how we eat and we're all going to work differently into those principles so principle number one is what I call fat fiber protein every time you eat. It should include fat fiber and protein now you may have 50 million questions for me based on that which fats what if I thought that was bad what you mean by protein how much protein. I don't care I just want fat fiber protein as a starting place for you to be asking yourself every time you eat wait a minute does this have fat fiber protein. Do I need to ask my trainer does this is this right does this have fat fiber protein so that's principle number one that helps with our blood sugar it helps with our satiety meaning that we feel full. It helps with our recovery from our workouts so principle number one principle number two takes you to back to the perimeter of this store because it's eat the rainbow. And this is where I really like to get playful with people in terms of what colors did you eat today and what and I mean natural colors so not the lucky charms but when you go into the produce I'll what do you see is there something new there that you don't know. You don't know about could you replace a red onion with a yellow one for a little bit more color. Oh look there's purple cauliflower maybe I'll try that instead of the white cauliflower because I'm already eating some other white veggies got the potatoes whatever it might be. So really just beginning playful with the colors and if people have kids it's a really fun way to get the markers out to see which colors were eaten in a day it's super playful so principle number one fat fiber protein principle number two which is probably the easiest to start with eat the rainbow. Principle number three comes back to that bio individuality so it's creating a yes no maybe list and in functional medicine and functional nutrition we call these mediators and Tammy if I were to ask you and I don't know if you have an answer. I'll answer for myself so I don't put you on the spot but if you were to ask me let's put it in that word. What foods make you feel better. What foods make you feel worse and what are you unsure about that's my yes no maybe list me knowing my yes no maybe list is empowering. That helps me to understand wait a minute I'm in a decision if I decide you know. Eating dairy isn't my number one thing that makes me feel great I'm in a risk reward decision that's my decision nobody's telling me good or bad I'm saying you know what. I don't feel great when I eat dairy it hurts my digestive system but if I eat goat dairy I feel fine and so once in a while if I go to a restaurant I'm going to make this decision for these reasons I'm empowered because I know my yes is drink my green tea every morning make sure I have fat fiber protein at every meal I know my nose. I can't eat gluten that doesn't work for me my face is going to get all puffy and I'm not interested in that result and my maybe's very sometimes works sometimes it doesn't and the more I know of my mediators the more empowered I am to make decisions in the grocery store so those are our three principles that move towards that bio individuality because we're each going to breathe in or live into those principles. I just learned so much in the time you answered that question that I did in my entire life done eat the rainbow that's my new thing I'm going to eat different colors as many colors as I can in a day and fat fiber protein that's just that's simple I'm. I'm you know I've counted macros before so I know how much protein and how much fat I'm eating why not count the fiber to like that's that's easy enough yeah and hint hint all of those principles help with your hormone balance so you're already ahead of the curve nice. So from an ISS a perspective we we know that ISS a certified students are not only passionate about our CPT program but they continue coming back for more and more CEOs. From what you're describing the full body systems is more than a CEO it's a 10 month really intensive program and certification course that you lead yourself correct yes. And it's not only can increase the breadth of their knowledge but this type of intensive could potentially catapult someone into a whole new career yes what could that look like. Yeah so we do have a number of people like I said who are from fitness backgrounds personal trainers people who come from other physical related backgrounds and they start to build functional nutrition into their practice so they're doing. Both things at once everybody in full body systems which as you said is a 10 month program in the science and art of the functional nutrition practice is taking it into their corner I realize I couldn't help all the people that needed help through functional nutrition and that my biggest passion was helping others who were realizing the limitations of what they were doing with the populations they were touching and wanted a new way of thinking in their practice so. That person could still be in the gym working with people or in some kind of studio working with people through both of their physical fitness and their nutrition fitness and nutrition to me is about growth metabolism and repair so it's not just about food it's about dietary and lifestyle modifications which incorporates that exercise and movement so it's just more encompassing so that person could do. And so that's what we're doing. And so we're doing a practice like that they could do even a online practice we have people who have written books who are social influencers who are podcasts producers who work in other settings with other. And so we have our own conditions or providers so we have graduates who come from all different backgrounds and then who go off and do all different things and it's really this beautiful melting pot of people who are coming together recognizing that there are some gaps in our medical system with those who are again I'm going to say they're sick and not getting better but it could just be that they're not feeling their best and not able to. You meet their performance goals. Okay so that full body system scores I learned has been completed by more than 8,000 students across 60 for countries I feel so far behind eight ball since before this conversation started I didn't know what function on the Christian was. So of those 8,000 students they've all worked with you directly that I'm going to put you on the spot here is there like is there a student success story that like stands out to you most maybe someone who came in and wasn't sure of what they were looking to get out of it and then it's just impacting lives left and right. Yeah, oh my gosh so many stories it's hard to pick one I'm thinking of to at the moment so. Yes, I've created the whole curriculum and we have a team that helps to deliver at all the main teaching is through me it's all the systems that I've taught but the team is really in support of the entire community as we move through the curriculum. I'm going to tell a story about Kate who comes from a military background she was an Air Force pilot and is a military wife and when her husband was deployed her children were starting to have a lot. of health issues and she started to realize that there was anxiety there was IBS and her daughter in particular was not getting better and she couldn't find where to turn. Ultimately started to recognize the impact that we could make for her daughter and that turned her on to the powers of food as medicine that led her to the curriculum now she's a very successful practitioner. Her practices to fold she volunteers in a free women's clinic once a week and that has really positioned her in her community with a number of other providers who turn to her for a lot of resolution for gut issues hormone issues blood sugar issues and she's really established herself as a lead in her community. Through that volunteer work and that has helped her to build a very successful practice outside of that and she has a real passion for working with people who come from military backgrounds recognizing what her kids went through when her husband was deployed and what her husband went through when he came home from deployment and so there's a lot right there that helps you to see how a story manifests. I'll tell one more story which is about Dr. Vaish Sartay. She has a doctorate through research not through the medical field and she has a son who is both autistic and has Down syndrome and has really been able to work with children on the spectrum. Who through food and lifestyle and even a different way of thinking systems thinking that helps people to make a significant difference for these folks that we may think are in a medical situation that can't be helped in specific ways. So those are two students that I feel just came to mind they're not from a fitness background but we do like I said have people from dental backgrounds massage therapy fitness yoga there's health coaches there's a lot of people from all different backgrounds who are experiencing different kinds of success based on how the training has supported their passion. What a gift of those two students that what they learn were able to apply to their families and then to the communities around them. I hope you recognize like the impact that you're making globally here. I guess so proud to know you and call you. I know we're only scratching the surface here like we could go on and on and I'm sure you could talk for days about functional nutrition. I don't want to overwhelm ISSA students today because I'm already feeling overwhelmed with a few things but I'm like I'm going to start applying these and then I'm going to come back and ask for more. Anyone who's watching today we're can make it more information on FXNA and the full body systems course. Yeah I'm sure we will include a link below this webinar where people can come through and get on our mailing list we have great content that people can learn from and always have opportunities to come learn more from me in live sessions so. I'll just leave it to the link so that we don't guide anywhere anywhere that is in overwhelmed I know it can be overwhelming and I'm super passionate about this work and helping others who want to help others in their practice so check the link somewhere on this page and. I'm sure you get everything you need okay and then in partnership with ISSA I believe we're extending a discount to ISSA students today correct. Yes and if you find that you are. Coming and speaking to one of our admissions advisors please let them know that you're an ISSA graduate they will extend their special discount to you to ensure that you get our very best pricing to come into the curriculum. I love that I'm so that's what I gift. I'm so appreciative of your knowledge all the work that you've done the impact that you've had. Introducing me and the rest of us today and a bit more into functional nutrition. It's truly been a learning experience for me understanding that what I was calling nutrition happens on the outside of the body functional nutrition happens on the inside of the body. I'm going to have a rainbow I'm going to eat a rainbow every day that fiber protein is going to be part of every meal so I've learned so much today thank you thank you for that. And thank you to everyone who's joined us here again for more information on functional nutrition and the full body systems course we're going to have the link below. To learn more about functional nutrition alliance you can go to fxnutrition.com and go forward and good health thank you Andrea thank you Tammy. Thank you.