Hello everyone, look at that. People bust in the door. Welcome in you guys. Hello, hello. We will be getting started in just a moment. We're going to give everyone a chance to settle in and join us. Looks like you guys are super excited. I am as well. This is going to be a really great session, super insightful. And don't worry, all the talking heads will introduce ourselves in just a moment. And then we'll get to the man of the hour. Welcome in guys. Wow, we're up to 175. Hello everybody. Oh, yeah, I recognize some names in here. Hello everybody. Some of you guys already know who I am. Love it. 184 people with us guys. I think this might be one of our literally best attended webinars. And I see why and we got quite the draw with us today. Love it and a lot of you guys have found the chat. Hello guys. The chat will be open throughout our presentation today. You guys will feel free to have some conversations there. I'll let you guys know where to put your specific questions in a minute here once we get going. What's up everybody. Oh, nice. We got some CPTs in the house. I love it. Nice. And we're over 200 present. Nice job you guys. All right. Well, it looks like a lot of people are here. So we're going to go ahead and get into this guys. Welcome in. I will introduce myself in a moment. But my name is Jenny. Welcome to our webinar today. We have an amazing guest Mr. Mike Rashat, Machita Sierra for us. We're talking about building a personal training business. Everything from of course getting your certification. Some of you guys here already certified, which is absolutely amazing. But then we're going to talk about how to build a brand and Mike has built an amazing amazing kind of companies and amazing brain for himself. So we're going to get a lot of insights from Mike. So let's start off here introducing the people that will be speaking with you guys today. So let me make sure you guys know who we are. I'll start us off. I am Jenny Scott senior content developer here with ISSA. So I help create a lot of the courses and things that we sell. I host our podcast in our YouTube series. And I am an actual personal trainer as well. I've been training people sports performance in private clients for 14 years. So super excited to offer a little insight. I can along with our guest of honor. Next let's kick it over to Greg. Greg Connally welcome. Thanks Jenny. Glad to be here. Yes. Tell him a little bit about your stuff real quick. Sure. So founder CEO of Tri Effective. Have founded multiple businesses in the past. And you know the value I'm trying to add on this call is really telling you guys about how to interact with brands either as a creator or eventually an influencer or in, you know, Mike's case. Eventually you become a CEO. Shareholder, etc. across multiple brands. So you know, really giving you guys the download on the business side of the fence on how to partner directly with brand partners. Perfect. Yes. We'll be here for a couple of times. Stay you guys. And then of course, the man of the hour Mike go ahead and quit give him a quick intro. We'll talk more about you coming up. Give him a quick intro. Hey, I was going on my machine. Thank you for the intro Jenny and Greg. Yeah, I started out just like a lot of you all as a personal trainer and you know, went from. Excuse me in person training to online training, but I did go across multiple different verticals in the space and fitness and try to maximize it and you know give the biggest impact possible and with that. They allow me to make a lot of you know, a lot of money by helping people so we'll get into the nitty video all that and just a little bit. Awesome. Thank you Mike. People are throwing around words in the chat like legend over here. I love it. But I know we're going to hear a guys a majority of today is going to be all about Mike. So don't worry. We will absolutely get to it. So today we will be covering quite a bit guys. Shamous plug in the beginning here. We're going to kick it off with just a quick introduction to ISSA and try to expect us brands just to give you guys a little background on us. And of course, I think most of you guys are here to learn from and about our guest of honor Mike. So we'll get lots of insights from him today about his career and what he has built. We'll help you guys learn about some really unique ways to build your career in fitness. Some you may have heard of and some you may not have. We'll learn about partnering with many of the health and fitness related brands out there like trifecta something Greg will give us some expertise on. And then guys, we've got some prizes at the end. So make sure you stick around till the end of the webinar today because you must be present to win. All right, because at the end of the webinar, we're posting random names out of the chat and those are going to be our winners. So stick around all the way to the end. And of course, guys, the chat is open feel free to have nice little conversations and shout outs to Mike as we're going. But if you guys have actual questions for us or for Mike, please throw those in the queue and a. So you can look at the little menu around the bottom of your screen. Click on Q and a. Who dumped the Thomas the sending you hearts over there Mike. Click on the Q and a and throw your actual questions in there guys and that way I can find them at the end and I can post some questions to Mike and get you guys some answers. All right, so again, chat is open. The Q and a is where you can throw questions specifically for Mike that I can throw his way at the end of our presentation. Cool. All right, let's dive into this. Let's get through this stuff first here. So a little bit about I SSA you guys. I just want to make sure you know who we are. Some of you guys are certified with us. A lot of names I recognize in there. First and foremost, I SSA has certified more fitness and wellness professionals than any other certification company in the industry. We started in 1988 in our mission and vision has always been to connect more people with wellness and healthy living year after year. We currently offer more than 50 certifications 50 five zero guys. It's a lot of certifications and it's growing every day. And we have a huge library of continuing education courses covering everything from specific nutrition topics to special populations and health conditions and specialized treatment techniques. So we cover the whole gamut. I also have to mention we offer more support for our students than any other company out there. Each one of our students gets access to a whole team of student success people that are here to help answer your questions as you get certified and even after you've completed that process. And we offer live in person learning experiences much like what we're doing today as well as self study options too. So we've come so far, but we're here to help you guys go further as well. Last little bit about I SSA before I throw it over to bread to introduce trifecta. And of course, this is due expand past personal training. Again, guys, lots of different fields that we cover in our certification material several different brands. And again, this is growing every day, including NCT, CBT, the functional aging institute, even revolution running and trained off fitness we've acquired. We have many different accreditations including NCCA and even we are yielded a lion certified now as well. So depending on which you're looking for guys, we have a lot of things. I love it. I love it. Lots going on out there. Now Greg, I want to hear more about trifecta. Talk to these guys about who trifecta is. Yeah, absolutely. For those of you aren't familiar with trifecta, we are the largest organic meal delivery service in the United States. We built some of the most famous nutrition programs out there like the USC fight prep program CrossFit's nutrition program. We title sponsor the Mister Olympia, you know, a whole bunch of different sports and fitness organizations MBA and a fel teams, etc. But vast majority of the people we partner with are personal trainers and, you know, the clients that they support, which is why we're talking you guys today. And we have a personalized fat loss and muscle game program that's that's run through the trifecta app. And for you guys as trainers, we do have a large affiliate program as well, which is a way to drive significant additional revenue. You know, above and beyond your trained fees that you're charging your clients. We have tons of meal prep options, you know, for everything for macros to specific diet types and you guys know having, you know, an amazing physique like Mike is a key to building your audience building your your fans and of course, your training business as well. So, you know, partnering with brands like trifecta can be a key way to bring an additional revenue as well as building your personal brand. Love it. Thank you. And you guys have great food to let's talk about. You guys are good of course programs that are specific to what you're trying to accomplish and I'm not just saying that because we partner with them guys, I've actually tried their food and I used to do it all the time fabulous food as well. Okay, yeah wonderful Jessica agrees Jessica agrees I love it. So enough about us let's get to the man of the hour okay, looks like you got some fans out there Greg I love it. Okay guys, so I have some questions that I'm going to run through with Mike a lot of them were already sent into us so we're going to start there, but if you guys have additional questions again, the Q and a is a great place to throw them. All right, you ready for this Mike ready dig in. Let's go. Let's start from the beginning take us back how did you start your journey into the fitness world. It's funny I always I feel like I've always been in fitness because I started training at an early age when I was a kid. My father had me in boxing. I started boxing when I was 11 years old so I've always working out and I always loved lifting weights doing pull ups running just being athletic. So I was a typical boy going up so on my life I've been in shape. I've always been the ring leader all my friends about working out. Excuse me so as I got older. You know I was boxing and I stopped boxing for a while and I was like, you know I need to make some money so. I said I was going to be a trainer right I know I worked out in the training so I get there but I didn't know I didn't. I know the business of training so I started out at goals gym and long beats like many years ago many many years ago and you know I had to learn the whole process of you know the business of training selling it. You know taking getting people you know sitting down and doing assessments just under third. I was first describing a legit program for the call for my clients the whole night. I learned so much in that period not whole lot of my success to go as gym. Even though they didn't pay me much they paid me a lot in wisdom and a wealth of knowledge and information and I still use it to this day so. You know I think them and you know the first thing first they may be certified. I got to tour one or two months grace period until you certified and I actually did multiple certifications and I said is one of them and I felt like it was. It just helped with credibility right like when I opened up my folder doing an assessment with my clients and they see my certifications over here. I did that kind of like as a flex you know like without saying hey I'm certified by so so just they they'd happen to see it there it gave me a lot of confidence but also just the information that you learn you have a lot of confidence when it comes to talking to your people because. You're you know personal training is a sales job essentially you got to be in shape you got to know how to get people in shape that's a given but you're never going to be able to do that if you can't sell yourself and sell your services. So you know having a legitimate certification that education process it gives you the the the ammunition you need to sell. So with any of my businesses my biggest marketing tactic is educating people on what I'm doing or my father so whatever so. I'm having that foundation like I said is it's is you know so no brainer so back anyway back to the question I started out personal training. And at the same time I was doing YouTube content and I was doing it strictly using it as a utility because you know everyone had before an after picture that our clients. But I thought it would be more compelling to have video of you know Jennifer only able to do one pull up and now she's doing 10 showing that progression. So that's what the majority of my content was back in the day and if you guys go to my YouTube channel. And you go all the way down to the bottom. I love a lot of those old videos on it so people can see the real growth and progression. I was filming stuff with my computer. It was not there was low definition. You know what I mean 180. And I was just message out but it was bad but it worked and people liked it right and it was like you know people seen themselves and my clients. And then every now and then I will put my own stuff. My workouts up there too and people really liked it. So I started growing like on YouTube and then I got on Instagram and doing the same thing and back then it was like 10 second videos. But they would love it you know and the pictures and all that stuff. So I was putting about an information that people could use like showing like oh check out this ad workout and this is before people knew how to build brands on Instagram and YouTube right. So it happened very natural and organic for me. I was genuinely trying to show and share what I do right and people love the workouts. But one thing that separated me from a lot of other content creators that was working out online was I was sitting down and explaining everything right. I was I was proud of my my the method of my madness right it wasn't just these small window thought right and that gave me a real good solid foundation with my audience and my community to be able to you know so products and services. And because they trusted me because I I spoke to them all the time so all of that stuff is a combination of things that blew me up and then. Regan I met. 2010 or 11 or something like that and we partnered in another business right that didn't do as well as my fact that but it was still good and you know people see me like really diversifying. And as fitness from the fitness face to other other genres and they were like really compelled so people started looking at me as my business guy and fitness so I already different combination of things that really made me stand out from everybody else. And you know the rest of the history. But since then, Greg and I you know we got together on tri-factor right in the beginning stages and Greg I remember on the first month hitting the $100,000 in sales and a month. And he flew down to Arizona like this is the business now 100 grand you know it's a thing but now we you know that wouldn't mean enough you know that but. You know it just shows like the growth over the years and you know not tri-factor is big as it gets you know as well as my company and brochure. And I think it's a big and tri-factor but we're on the way you know and and I all a lot of man Greg is like my big bro even on older than he's so smart with business he's brilliant and I watched him over the years just hit home runs and then a grand slam. I would try to factor and I'm super proud to call him my friend I always brag about him you know that but I do this mass smart you know and if you guys ever have the opportunity to be in this presence man he's going to teach him so much. That's all he does is just space knowledge because you know so much about so many things in terms of like business so you know my high soft to Greg you know flowers you know. But I appreciate it. Yeah so yeah I just met a lot of awesome people over the years in the industry. We're being one of them another one of my buddies Sean's where body he's back here and I just stay I stay connected with the best people and that's the beautiful thing about fitness you you meet some awesome people you know yeah I think about this. The mindset of a person that's in really good shape. They get up every day and go to the gym every day even when they don't want to right there mindful about their nutrition and food is the biggest drug the most powerful drug there is right because food is the number one killer and our country at least. What they're being hard disease or diabetes is all related to food people not being able to control how much they eat right so. So you know you meet these people and finish that all these in shape they never fall off. You know from the outset they're going to be some awesome people right some discipline people some people that really love themselves and you know you can't love somebody else if you don't love yourself right. I'm not saying just one being in shape is the end all to anything because it's not but it's a good indicator that's a solid person you know and what my experience I met some really awesome people in the industry. And we've made some lifelong connections of relationships that also turn into business relationships which is what we all need is in the day. So yeah that's a little bit of my my growth in trajectory. I love it well I want to dig more into that because you mentioned your company and broja and the chat just lit up people love your products. Yes working as a personal trainer how did you level up so we know that you used like your platform you created content you know they were filmed with a potato they loved that one by the way. But how did you change that and level up and really turn it into your own business I want to know Mike when did you first decide that you wanted to start in project. And broja we came up with that around 2015 I believe I had a company before that and that company did well it's still around but I saw my half of it. And I was working so much so hard trying to people all day shooting content I was starting to like lose energy and not being in good spirits when my people were coming to train. So I started you know dippling and dabbling with supplements and everything that I took. It will kind of I kind of liked it but there will be side effects or something like like with three workouts and stuff like that like the itchy skin and my scalp and feeling flushed in. So what I would do was after work every day well every day I take pictures of different supplement bottles right just the ingredients. So after work I will go home and I will research these ingredients I would like try to figure out what did what in each thing because I don't have a game is back around from school. So I taught myself so I did this like every night for months and I will follow Steve when my laptop on my stomach you know studying it was real so I started identifying the things that. That was not necessary that maybe feel XYZ and I'm like alright so let me see if I can just buy these ingredients and make my own stuff and I had no it wasn't necessarily to make a business out of it. It was for me you know and maybe my peers in a gym and make my clients so I started ordering. Romaterials or raw ingredients from China it wasn't the best stuff but it worked right and my kitchen look like a laboratory so literally making stuff in my kitchen and almost killed myself in the beginning because. I didn't know this I couldn't find a milligrams scale right you can find a grand scale we can't find a milligrams scale those are different right so. I would like a tablespoon of caffeine and hydros no no no milligrams X amount of milligrams of caffeine and hydros. They got to keep tapers for I don't know. It was way it was to say that was too much it's an understanding so this is funny so I take it is one of one of my and I felt great like five in the morning go down to the gym that started early. I'm like feeling good but then I'm feeling sad right I started slow down and I was wondering me and I wasn't even thinking about I took this stuff. And I like I told I can't say the rest of my clients like I got to go home so I went home and I literally slept for like two days right it was kind of like a puny and a coma or something. I woke up so the height like my mouth could barely open I was so dry and I was you know all felt emaciated you know I'm saying but what happened was I took I took enough caffeine to kill myself right you know I didn't know and the amount that you were supposed to put is like such a small amount because it's so. I didn't know that back then but I learned traveling era so since then I smartened up got with a guy who you know my popularity was growing so people were coming to me all the time pitching different ideas. They were pitching in a sense of like me being like an athlete or you know whatever I want I want to do a business you know because I feel like. If I have if I only I'm going to make your work versus you just giving me a paycheck you know and I'm not stupid like I know that if somebody's willing to pay me 10 grand a month. They probably making 30 40 grand off of me you know I'm saying so I'm like let me figure out I can do that so that was what I did so I got what I partnered the time and we made a company and it it well. But I dream big and I wanted to big things in my partner and I wasn't a line on that he's a good guy I never have anything bad to say about him but we had to just go ourselves away because he was comfortable where he was at and I wasn't so my soul of my portion. Within that time I'm a buddy shine and Mark will go in and I know you're heard of him as my boy we put together and brooding it was like a passion project you know and then brooding me food for the gods right I love like science fiction and. Like ancient mythology and all that kind of stuff so and brooding that food for the gods for like the gods on mountain and this I'm like that's all right so. We was like let's make. Back then the movie limit this that just came out and I saw it I'm like I need to make that right. Yeah, so you know just research everything is really going to market found the best one and I think it was alpha brain and I like that's our target let's make something better than that. So that's what we did with mental jules I was our very first part of and it just killed it. So we wasn't even we were what I'm Rosa we wanted to be very. Innovative with our ingredients and what our formulas want to be very intelligent about it and do things that nobody else was doing that's what we did we wanted to max out on the science but still make it affordable this is a ultra premium company but it's affordable which is it's kind of crazy but we're not we're our own the niece right. We didn't have the typical products that most people have we had products that was really hard to sell but that's why I was talking about earlier. My marketing got really good because I would educate people when ingredients on why this is important about it needs it what happens if you don't have it XYZ and one thing that I learned about people was people want to do good they want to be healthy they want to eat better. If you expose somebody to something that's really good for them they got to have it so that was like my marketing play it was education simple so you know the company just started growing growing like crazy. We started doing tours like an Australia UK just feet to around doing seminars educating people won't what we got and it just started growing so. Yeah that's when I sold my other company and I was like yo I won't all in with him rosette and we're doing you know it's doing pretty good right now so. It's awesome congratulations to you. Thank you. So cool love the journey to so I have so many more questions for you so I want to take it back to when you were training clients okay. Okay, so you don't mind I'm last you have questions that's kind of taboo but how is it making when you are initially starting the train clients we make. Nothing is off the table and no I was not making good money at first now when I first I was working for goals gym right so. You know the benefit of working at a gym is they give you clients right when you do start now is kind of impossible to get clients right especially you know trying to start out with content oh that stuff. So it was good they gave me clients however they only paid me 35% of what what I charge them yeah so. So they gave me clients and they also gave me the framework on how to do assessments and how to sell to them right so I'm massive that so I was listen I carry that tune right so the managers got their bonuses because of me so the P.T. revenue I brought in like 90% of that every month without like religious it was easy but I was making like three four grand a month in California so there's a point of perspective so. I had a plan out of one year plan to work for the gym and then go and dependent I wrote it down I forgot that I wrote it down and like. Ten months of so later I found that book and I let oh I did say this so I talked to my people I just some research applying gyms in the area. I found one for a natural flex I know you suddenly I probably carried that legendary metro flex on each. When it worked out I deal over there for me to go I love the gym so much that I didn't even bother taking my clients their first right they were like just bring your clients for month for free see they like it I had no they're not like it. Yeah so so I told all my clients like look this is the plan yeah when the counselors go almost everybody came it was a little bit further from like downtown Long Beach so and typically people like to stay within their little like small block radius. The gym grocery store whatever and that's very understandable but despite that most of my people came with me so that was pretty cool to be developing the culture and a cool so. Went to Long Beach so I went my first month of training independent but I can charge the same and I collected all myself I think I made like 20 grand my first month so from there yeah I made I started making one more better money. As a personal trainer so you know but I had to go independent it's hard to do it working at a gym you're not really going to make that much money. However I'm not I'm not like crap and I'm working for gyms is perfect for somebody to start now because you're going to learn a lot right and they're going to give you clients and if you work those relationships properly those clients will stay with you for life. Yeah and you're absolutely right it's it's tough when you first get started and you kind of mentioned it earlier that you got more education and you thrive on educating not only yourself but your clients. So when you started adding certifications and bonus you found a new place to work that appreciate what she will work and you're able to charge where and get more out of it. Did adding those certifications really help you not only find more clients but really make more income to that really set you up for success. And my opinion it does and I tell you why so when you work at an independent gym a lot of them don't require certification but I don't think that that's okay right I think that you should have your your on certifications regardless you should take your craft series or your not serious right so. I was a person in my gym that how multiple certifications of a master trainer right and you could say somebody can be really little with testing get a master certification and be crappy with training. You can bring up that argument but that's not the case when you know I'm not good at taking tests and I'm a good trainer so I earned everything that I ever accolade that I had. So and it showed in my work I took everything very serious there was a lot of guys in the gym at the same time and I'm the only one maybe two people out of that gym that really like took off you know I'm saying and I was the busiest guy in that gym I had to turn away clients so I think that that does have. When you take your craft series and shows right you walk different you talk different your work shows right and look my people incredible I was making something incredible transformations with my people and I was on point I was always in shape as well so I was very very much so invested in what I did and I've always been like that on my life so. You know and I had multiple certifications like I said even cross big certifications so I just took it very serious and people can see that and look. People you can try and go work for a gym without a search all you want that's cool but you're not is not like you're not a real business you know saying you're not going to be taking that serious and people are not going to have that kind of confidence in you like this other person with with their certifications you know. So I highly recommend you know if you're just trying to be in the space. I love that and I love that you're doing what's best for you that's something my parents always told me you're always looking out for yourself obviously not doing it at the detriment of other people. But you've always worked for yourself and I love that about you so when it comes to brain partnerships so of course you have an version things that you were doing your business when you have brain partnerships have they helped you advance your career and if so how did that help you. Yeah well you make extra money so that's good. But outside of that is just people see that your hot people see that you're desired right now you won't see me doing thing with brands nowadays because I don't do anything with someone that I'm not apart from right that's my own personal standard. I don't say that everyone has to do that for that's me because I know I'm like a marketing like a beast right so I know that once I turn on the market I have a whole team here so I know that once I turn on the market in the machine. It's going to get a lot of momentum for whoever I'm marketing for and what and I've experienced this before like you know they pay me I do what I do for them. But what I've done for them exceeds like greatly exceeds what they pay me right and you don't know that in the beginning and I have to go through that to run that to know my value so now when someone a brand wants to do so. I'm like look is guy to be some kind of partnership keep your monthly money I need a piece of business. It's going to be better for you and for me and you know I get offered like six figure deals five figure deals all this time. Simple posts but I just won't do what I have a standard for myself. I love that and that's that's amazing to point out mate because there's a lot of people out there that want to get where you are at least touch your feet where you are right get close to you. And that's a really great point to make that you don't just partner with everybody just because they have a check in your hand like right what's in it for me where is this going to go and how can we develop it to be something bigger right because you already know you're an legend like you can make it bigger but you want to make sure you get your piece out of that I absolutely love that about you. So when you were talking about so working with other brands is one thing but with your personal brand right my crush is a brand right hey we're not talking about him or we're talking about you as a person when you're building your personal brand and what you stand for and what you present to the public where did you start. Look it's the constant starts with the constant really it starts with who you are as a person you know and I this thing like I always got to be good with what's in the mirror at night at the end of the day so that's me I'm authentic I don't like anybody on this I do good business with people and and I care I fight in my work you know sometimes it may take me a little longer to put certain things out just because I wanted to be good. I really care about everyone that patronizes my businesses or even just I care about people that like follow me and like my consing like that matters to me so I always want to give them. Really good stuff you'll never see me you've never seen me post anything negative you've never seen me post anything talking bad about anybody criticizing whatever you only see me posting thing that have been efficient to people. good information motivational stuff teach them stuff you know I'm saying so that's me that's where it starts and I think people. I think I'm going to be a good person who far too often think about building a brand I never thought about building a brand not once never in my life so everything that people get from me is really why I'm this is. I'm in a sense I'm in like all kind of like history stuff and sometime that's the content that I'm giving not everybody likes it but that's why I'm being authentic to myself and our people that do like that stuff right. I think this is my foundation in terms of like business but my real foundation is like being a stand up guy and being a solid person so that's why I'm. I always preach like people loving themselves because you're not good to anybody if you're not good to yourself. I really love myself what's it those and so people you know when I'm dealing with people they get in a lot of love because I love myself and I shoot myself good and I shoot myself good enough to like work out every day. So fast once a week to hit the sign out of coal plunge like all of the things right to read to me myself better. That's the best way to build your brand is by pouring into yourself right and not thinking just business brands social media stuff because I don't think like that. Yeah, I love and that kind of goes into my next question I was going to say what advice do you have these guys for these people that are here all these people that want to and I think that's a mic drama moment right there like take care of yourself and be authentic to who you. And that's a great way to build your business right people are attracted to you as a person right. Correct and listen. Listen, be good to your people I don't care if you charge 20 thousand hour 20 thousand hour you give them excellent service you know excellent the worst thing in the world to me is bad customer service you know and so. Treat even if you don't work for the business right you're working for someone I'm sorry even if you're not working for yourself yet right you're practicing working for yourself you know I don't care if you work at McDonald's work that job would try or if you're too good for quit you know don't take their money you film me so whatever you do like do it well like really give them. Give your people an awesome like when I have my gym and Miami which I'm reopening some. I will tell my staff like look the gym is a sanctuary for most people like myself a lot of people. I said it's easy for y'all to make sure that each person you encounter has a good day just a compliment as your day you know just being nice it. Right and we create that kind of culture in my gym because they see me we're not coming to gym. I really will greet everybody because I'm like I'm happy like man this person paying a hundred thousand month to be in my gym you know I'm saying so I would like read everybody how you doing so which working on today. Oh for oh once you try this you know this feeling people out just touching the people and my staff was like that and the biggest compliment that I would get. I remember I was in Australia for an expo and there was people that visited this gym that lived there and it was like your staff was so awesome. That was the biggest compliment I could have seen because it showed that we developed the real like legit. Culture in the gym so that's what it's about so about culture. That's awesome and you kind of let in the right expression like I was going to find out what are you doing next what's next so you said Miami is opening when are you reopening your gym there. I'm actually living this weekend to Florida again I'll be there all week in meetings because I got so I told a few people out there that I you know I'm about to get back out there so everybody's hitting me up because people look. I've done a lot of good in the space right so people are trying to like attach themselves with me business wise. Sure and so we can do this together and you know I'm open to it for the right with the right people so that's one I don't have us a friend date yet but it's not going to be long. But one of my one of the things that I'm working on right now and I'm most excited about. Where my career has led me to is I'm doing a lot of like mentor mentoring right so. You know I have a good students right now that I hope you know. I was teaching them it was called the rich trainer challenge so I was taking personal trainers teaching them how to take their business from and just in the gym to online and even people that's already online teaching them how to scale it right so I have a you know my own. I'm a person training business called out for shred and I have almost 5000 online monthly recurring clients so I'm just teaching people how to do the same thing so. I have a bigger one now for people with like all types of whatever you do is not just business but it's personal development so master is called the sacred society and it's is really legit is teaching people like just just foundational things that everybody should have that's going to benefit you with whatever you do. But with it I have you know I've gained so many friends so many leaders in different industries they're all one of the part of it teaching their you know like say for instance I have a buddy that does government contracts he teaches people how to get government contracts I have a buddy that teaches credit repair he's going to be teaching that right my thing is still training person training. But we have something for everybody but the the maintenance of it is just self mastery right is developing like real like emotional resilience is fortifying yourself mentally physically spiritually and financially to that's very important as well. So the very first event the kickoff event is in September is Labor Day weekend if anybody is interested it's open to anyone I need you to pay a for us but it's sacred society dot I hope sacred society dot I hope is going to be legit. You know it's going to be a three day event in Miami Florida and it's going to be special it's going to be special as all guys say. That's amazing but that's what I'm most excited about right now. Nice yeah so it sounds like you have some big things I love that you're sharing what you've learned along the way not only here but you have programs for it now. Yeah, I was in the chat below and it up September Miami like they know it's okay guys you can use sacred society you said take a side to I. Right. Yeah. Definitely take a nice let me say this too like people I understand people want a lot of people want to be made money become you know financially free and I think you should right and don't be embarrassed about that because life is better when you have those resources to do what you want to do you know. But I got to understand this there's only one way it's only one is a couple ways but one main way to make money is helping people. You know, people are giving you money for you giving them information of service or photo and exchange so that's what I'm all about. I always say that I'm a serving you know and I live a life of service and it affords me a very good life. I'm a great he's he helps people by making it easy to get delicious and healthy food and a timely manner without having to cook go to the grocery store all that stuff right so he's rewarded for that so people are understanding you out of think about how am I going to help people. What can I do to help the most amount of people and the more people you can help the more money you're going to make you know I'm saying and I'll talk I talk about money all the time because society tends to like demonize that like as bad but it's not. It's good you know, it's nothing wrong with making money and and because you get to do the more money you have the more good you do for your people your family yourself. Or just have things whatever don't matter whatever you want to do what you do right whatever's important. Yeah, yeah very nice yeah so guys Mike is giving us so much information and some of you guys are already certified some of you guys are looking into it and when he's talking about getting certified he's given us some great information about why it's important. Talk about credibility. You're talking about making something making money which is important doing something you love and you can tell this man loves what he does his passion is unrivaled you guys. You can improve your own personal fitness he mentioned that earlier it's not that you have to look a certain way but being in shape is important right whatever that means you we have to be healthy and fit ourselves. You got to share the benefits of fitness with other people helping others he said servant leadership right that's what we're looking for be a servant to other people and that's going to really drive your career and there's so many career opportunities to work with people in different ways right it's not just in a big box gym I can's living proof from that plenty of ways that you can take this and make money doing it. So Mike I want you to talk to these guys about some of the different career opportunities that you've had and we'll start off with obviously entrepreneurship is something you know a very very well. Can you speak a little bit about entrepreneurship and then we'll go through some of these other ones. Yeah entrepreneurship that's that's my way and that's what I do. Everybody it's something that a lot of people can do here's a thing though when I first started with everything I was doing everything by myself and I'm going to tell you right now it's impossible to scale like like that right and then you got to understand and recognize with just strong at and where you're not strong right right so. Where I wasn't strong where I was strong out was like ideas concepts creativity execution marketing right but I was not good at systems at all you know so a lot of things that I did it cost me a lot of money. It made me a lot of time you know things like that but when I got with a legit partner and I'm a shadow my brother Sean Torbadi. She he's a systems guy you know I'm saying he loves sitting at the computer managing inventory is that a third. I'd rather stick a pencil on my I think that kind of stuff I can do it but I don't want to I want to be I want to do the creatives I want to you know I have a visions and I want. There's nothing like when you have vision you have a team behind you that can help you execute that right the leveraging my my creativity I'm leveraging their systems you know and that's what makes real entrepreneurship and real business grow. And also with entrepreneurship you have to think about this you have to think about. What do people need that they don't have or what can be better with what's up there right now how can we do this better right not I have no desire zero to do something that everybody else is doing. Or at least doing it the same way right so I'm hoping it's wouldn't space or doing something. I got I know that I got a better way of doing you know I'm saying so and I'm going to go out there and kill it if people want to love it so and I have supreme confidence with it. I don't I am not a plan to be person. I'm really planning it it's the only way to go right is going to work right and if it don't look like it work. That's just market research and we pivot and we calibrate and we keep going at it is just like to stop market you don't lose unless you sell. And less than what you bought in for you know I'm saying this whole long so I don't I don't fail I don't lose I don't do plan to. Yeah what about traveling for fitness maybe you didn't do this initially when you were working for yourself or like a bad gold jam or in your other studio. But traveling or owning your own gym or being a private trainer talk to these guys a little bit about that. I'm traveling I travel a lot I try to slow down my traveling past couple years but it's back up high crazy. But traveling is part of the game you know for a business person like I got businesses well first I used to travel a lot for different events different expose and. I'm going to tell you all right now when you're going to start getting traction for yourselves and getting attention and people are requesting you at different events make them pay you. And I'm saying because a lot of these companies they got money they have budgets but they're they're it's a person in between the checkwriter and the athlete that's found us. These people will type to get you know I don't know why but that it's a lot of companies is not it is greedy and not they're not generous for people and we try to be generous for everybody I know I am and you know if you want me you got to pay me you know saying. If you pay me you know so make know your worth and your value and for claiming and people respect that look if they don't respect you and not don't pay you so you don't need to be dealing with them. And I'm going to respect you they're going to write that shit to you that back but you have to be realistic where you are you know saying so make sure you're able to bring some value. And I want to make them so money because if you're not on his pay just to pay right just because you're cool or shit you don't work like that you have to have some intrinsic value that you're generating. Yeah I love that that's a big distinction right you have to bring some kind of value if they want it then they can for it but you have to also have enough value in yourself like you were saying earlier to ask for that or demand it right and just saying oh it's okay they never brought it up no of course they're not going to bring that you just mentioned that. And I'm going to try and squeeze that so that they don't have to pay you but they can they got it. And listen like and people respect people that fight for themselves that stand for themselves you know so I know I do so. You know just don't people fear like. They're not going to call me for this or they're going to think that's too much like not just starting negotiation you know the sooner you put that in your brain the better the better off you be. Yeah love that well thanks for that there's kind of career opportunities you guys and he's brought up quite a few. I want to give Greg a chance to talk to us a little bit about brain partnerships because some of you guys are looking to potentially partner with different companies or organizations or brands so Greg can you talk to us a little bit about the brain partnership side of this. Yes absolutely and you know want to give tons of of props to Mike for sharing all the knowledge that he sharing. I think whether you're building a brand yourself like Mike has done multiple times or partnering with brands you know Mike's Mike's a major shareholder and trifecta he was he was literally our first you know partner when it comes to. Content creation athletes etc and like he said we we partnered on previous company even as well. You know engaging with a brand can be an amazing way to. Drive additional income as well as you know like he said about Sean you know build and learn about the systems that the brand is bringing to bear. You know well trifecta is is very popular on social media I am not my job is to kind of scenes to make sure that we're shipping out millions of meals a year that we're. You know we're we're sourcing the highest quality wild caught salmon or you know organic veggies or you know grass fed. You know beef etc. So make sure you are either plain to your strengths or. Partnering with brands that can ultimately support those strengths when you're first engaging with a brand I mean reach out to them DM them on social media email and you know come to a webinar like this and. People are already chatting with me in the you know the Q and A while we're going through this like make a connection with a brand. Show up at a fit expo or the Olympia or or something and you know talk to the brand at you know at the booth there are a lot of different ways to engage with them. And then the ultimate that the ultimately allow you to you know connect and start building a partnership from the ground up Mike and I met at the LA fit expo in I think it was 2010. So it was years you know almost 13 years ago at this point and you know there are a lot of different things happening in the industry where you can connect with people. I'll try and blast through these because I know we're trying to get to to the Q and A so a lot of you guys will look at Mike and go oh well you know Mike Scott hundreds of millions of YouTube views millions of social media followers. I don't have that. How do I become somebody that's able to drive the type of money that Mike's able to drive and for that I would say you can still partner with brands as a creator before you become somebody who's a celebrity celebrity athlete influencer etc. And you can do that by you know in trifectas case you know partner with us on our affiliate program and create content that is still valuable for trifecta that we can share with our audience and that that doesn't that's not just with trifecta that can be with I SSA that can be with Ambrosia that can be with any brand in the space but you can you can create value even if you are not famous yet and. Helping people by creating that value like Mike was talking about is ultimately what's going to get people to follow you and make you popular in the first place. I highly recommend you guys target brands that improve your personal brand you know if that's supplements like Embrosia if that's meal prep like trifecta that's online training like I SSA like all of these are ways you guys can improve your personal brand and ultimately. That make more money yourself they they improve what you guys are doing already on your social media with your clients you know maybe you own a gym or your trainer or your online coach. You know do partnering with these types of brands that makes sense for whatever space you're in is ultimately going to help you improve your your personal brand even further. You know the next one I wanted to make sure you know I brought up with you guys is like contract structure value add like in the beginning if you're not famous like Mike. You know the main thing you're going to want to do is look for for you know what we call affiliate contracts or partner contracts where you're able to. You know ultimately drive revenue for yourself by sharing revenue with a brand that's very easy to do I already shared in the Q and A how anybody on this call can can sign up online and become a trifecta partner you can do the same thing with Embrosia you can do the same thing with I SSA. As you add more value as a creator in the beginning and eventually as an influencer over time you can improve the amount of money you're making from the contract so. You know Mike is a shareholder in trifecta but we've also paid Mike. Hens at you know at this point hundreds of thousands of dollars you know over the years we've been we've been partners so it's a way to increase your your. worth over time as you increase the value that you're giving to the market. And that can start with you know simple things like additional revenue streams from an affiliate program like let's say you're making five grand a month personal training right now well if you get your. clients to each trifecta then maybe you're now making seven grand a month, seventy five hundred a month and your clients are all getting six packs because they're training with you and doing meal prep. You end up becoming more popular with your clients in the first place because you're you're partnering with supplements or meal prep or you know online training partners that actually add more value to your clients. So like these are the types of things that allow you to engage with the brand and you can do this at any level you've got. 200 followers on Instagram, you know you're still able to become a creator and create value for a brand and you know creators oftentimes can can drive thousands of dollars a month themselves just by putting you know. If you know additional effort into their brand partnerships so wanted to give you guys the backstory on how to like partner with a brand at any stage because you don't have to be. Famous like Mike is you know to ultimately partner with a brand you can come into. becoming a personal trainer right out of the gates working at gold gym and becoming affiliate with and brozier ISSA or trifecta so. Hopefully useful for you guys as you think through your journey from wherever you are today to. You know become in micro sheet and you know. Living in Orange County in Miami and having a maybach and all the all the fun stuff everybody. Absolutely. The big a big takeaway for me you guys with this that yes it's it's not easy nothing in life is easy it's simple to get involved with the brand but just know you're going to have to do work right you're going to have to get them some kind of value which we brought up that word value quite a few times today. Have you decided to subscribe to my statistics on how far in taking the work you've done and I'm fits you and everybody you're going to be there. Hopefully all of you guys can be there and a lot of stuff are going toologique that's making the deal got you why that. I don't know if you're sure about the things that sort of are different from hard even if the chatting you're going to need. Especially if we hadn't been very right for us in Atlanta- how did everyone in harbour and recipes that would be really I've just heard the next or the video for me in already think about them on here well and just you know that you're fully at my age. So to celebrate with you all through the high- ng compliment emotions is really so to think about. online build your personal brand without even thinking about your brand. That's a great way to go about it like Mike was talking about and build a reputation. This man has a solid reputation. Just because he was who he was, he's being authentic. And then of course, like Greg was talking about connecting with brands, other trainers, influencers, tons of ways to expand your reach and expand what you can make potentially at the end of the day. Because at the end of the day, guys, without money, we don't have things, right? That's just the way the world works. And he doesn't want more, right? Just like who doesn't want a better butt, I think everybody does. That's a thing, okay? So I want to get to the Q&A in the last few minutes that we have your guys, but first we've got prizes, who's ready for some prizes. So if I call out your name, associated with any of these prizes, just know, Dartanians said me, just know that we are captured your contact information from what you registered with this webinar with and we will be in touch with you to get you your prizes. All right? So we first have two specialization courses from ISSA that we're giving away. Our winners for this are Joe Wheeler, Joe Wheeler, and Zeffron Michael. Zeffron Michael. Sweet, those are two winners for those ones. For our Ambrosia gift cards. Mike has been kind enough, you guys, to give us $400 Ambrosia gift cards for the supplements. Our winners, we have four of them, Ivan Castillo, Rachel Rosensteel, Adam Cates, and Terry Allen. Congratulations, you guys. And then last but not least, Mr. Gregg has kindly donated $200, tri-fecta meal prep gift cards, you guys, two of them. And our winners for this, drum roll, Jaden Henderson, and Don O'Dell. Congratulations, you guys. If you heard your name, we have your contact information. We'll be reaching out with how to get that Tio. So cool. Great job, you guys. We do have some awesome little deals for you guys. Of course, Mike gave you some insight in some web addresses to go to for some of the things that he has going on. We'll make sure to get that out to you guys in some future email communications. But for those of you guys who are looking to get certified, we have a $200 off our CPT and nutrition bundle. We call it the fitness coach. We have a code for you guys, tri-fecta, $200 that you can use. And for those of you who are already certified, looking to expand your knowledge, like Mike was talking about, we have an extra $100 off ISSA specializations for you guys. The code tri-fecta $100. All right, I'll keep these on the next slide. But guys, I'm going to get to some questions that you guys had for Mike. We pulled these out of the Q&A. Some of my think were answered. But let's see here. How should I, what, there was a question here, Mike. What are some of the best platforms to use for social media? The best platforms. To talk Instagram, YouTube, Twitter. I think those are basics, right? Did I miss anything? Really? Snapchat? Yeah, I mean, I would say, like, one Mike did that is so smart as he started with the good long-form content on YouTube. So, you know, if you're creating content that allows people to get to know you, definitely YouTube and then TikTok and IG reels are where it's at. Video video video. Get them to fall in love with who you are as a person and they will ultimately end up following you and then and appreciate your advice. What should somebody do if they don't really enjoy posting on social media? Do they need to kind of change their mindset about this? Well, yeah, if they're trying to develop a brand and you want, here's the thing. It used to be, you need to be in a magazine, right? Everybody had the magazines and you see the supplement companies, little write-ups, and you would know if it was an ad or not, of course, the ad that they made it look like is not an ad, but now no one is picking up magazines, everyone's picking up their phone, they're going to Instagram, they're going to TikTok. So you've got to be where people's attention is at, right? It used to be a time when the billboards was where you had to put your money at, right? But now it's the plan feels level. You can promote your stuff for free when you're phone. So, you know, you got to, and I'll even take it as step further. When I started, I was doing YouTube, like, really early, and a lot of people were like, what was this YouTube thing? And I would tell them what to do. I would try it like this, but they would just do it in just work out. Like, you got to talk, you got to explain everything. And there's a lot of people who didn't talk, right? I don't like my voice, I don't want to talk, but no one's going to buy anything from you, you don't talk. You don't just work out and then have a product in it, and you think that's enough for them to buy it. You have to talk to them, they have to feel comfortable with you. You know, when you read an article about somebody in a magazine, you learn a little bit more on them, right? The same way communicating. Now, look, there's going to be people that's not going to like you. Good. They're not going to buy from you anyway. You don't want them. You want the people that's there for you that's going to like resonate with your personality, your character, your sense of humor, whatever. So, you got to like, you know, unless you're going to be a behind-the-scenes type of person, then that's fine. You don't need to be in social, but I think social is a good place to keep your pulse on things that's going on. You know what's happening, right? It's a good way to stay on top of the market. Sure. Yeah. So, it's not necessary, but it's kind of necessary. Right? If that makes sense, you know, like, I know you said that you started in person, and you worked for Gold's Jamie Sett thought it was a great idea to start in person, get your feet wet, and really figure out what it is that you want to do. But some of these guys were asking, is it best to start training in person, or could they just go straight into online training if they wanted to? What were your thoughts? Yeah. I mean, you can't, I would say if you're not making money yet, maybe start in a gym, but if you have a photo call, there's people like myself that teach people how to go straight on line, right? So, the resources are there. It's a learn. Here's the thing. Now, days look. Now, days, this is the easiest time that someone can become financially free, making $ million. You know what I mean? I'm washing it every day, literally. It is going on my mind. So, right now, there's a real legit time, but you gotta like know, you can't have any self-limiting beliefs, right? Lock it in on a plan, on a goal, and go for executed. You know how to do it? There's somebody that can teach you. There's plenty of people, right? So, the resources are there. But yeah, you can't go straight to online. Perfect. Yeah. Okay. So, let's do one more. I know we've run over. Thank you guys. Over 300 of you have stuck around, which is awesome. So, one more here for you, Mike. If you're in, I love this question. How do you build a brand or build your business in a place where people can't really afford a trainer? Nor is fitness something they're looking forward to. So, in an area where maybe it's not a thing. How do you make it a thing or make you popular and have to be a thing? Yeah. That's why we have online, right? Yeah. You can either move. That's an idea. And I think that that's the thing to do. I've been in certain places. I'm like, why do you live here? You know what I'm saying? So, and then there's other places where it's just thriving with energy, right? So, being a place where that energy feels good to you and the right people are there. That's one way. It's a little harder to do that. But you can say, if you get all that and go right online, you know, just build your online presence. You know, like take the courses that people are teaching, you know what I'm saying? The resources are there in and abundance. I could tell you that right now. You know, so, I mean, my stuff like we're teaching people a lot of different things in terms of making money online, right? To me, it's like, if I can teach you how to make, because here's the thing, I used to be like, a lot of people care about the people make money. But now understand, if you can teach somebody how to make money, they can, you know, and I've been doing that for the past two years now. So, and I'm not going to stop. So, the more money I can make somebody, the more money they're going to pay me. And that's a good thing. So, it's a lot of people that's teaching you how to get online and maneuver and figure out your lane and make money. And listen, I'm going to tell you these systems work. These systems, if you learn these systems, it doesn't matter if you're following, it's going to sell, you know? Love it. Yeah, you're right. There's definitely things out there that already have shown you the way. So, go find them. And guys, some of those things are some of the programs that Mike is offering for now and on a program, too, guys. So, I know a lot of you guys are already connected to the Human Social Media. If you're not, go find them. Looking up. He's playing his day. Go find them on social media. What's your favorite platform post on, Mike? I don't have a favorite. I don't want to be that guy that's like super religious to one platform. Yeah. You can change this, right? Right now, I'm having a lot of success on TikTok. With my company, we're making a lot of money on TikTok. And I'm late to TikTok. So, I'd show you all what respect I respect every platform and I use everyone. I'm on top of that. I don't have a favorite, really. If I was to say it would be, you know, YouTube, because that YouTube really helped me develop my brand. It gave people a real insight into who I am and it made people really like resonate with me. And YouTube is a success by having a lot of my businesses. So, it's my favorite, but I'm not married to YouTube. It's your favorite, but not your favorite. I like it. Yeah. Yeah. Yo, your YouTube channel is awesome. I'm not going to lie. My favorite video actually is the one where you were buying your house in Arizona. And you like when you took us on a tour of your house, I love houses. So, I was like, I was all about that video. So, I love it. Your content is like so expensive. I love it. It's not just one thing. It's about a lot of stuff. Yeah. So fabulous. You guys, make sure you guys are connected. With this, Mike, you couldn't probably see the chat, but a lot of people were dropping their Instagram handles and how do I connect with Mike? How do I connect with Trifecta? Guys, they're in here. We're going to make sure that they have the chat and no bread was all up and through the Q&A. We'll make sure that they have your contact information, but like they were telling you guys, you reach out. You find them. Go reach out to them guys. Connect with them. Direct message them. Get into some of these programs that Mike is offering. Great. I looked like a couple of you guys here have done that. So, great opportunity to connect with these phenomenal minds that are in this session with us. Gentlemen, Greg, Mike, thank you so much for joining us. This has been literally our best webinar we've ever done. Super great information. Awesome to have you with us, Mike. Can't express that enough. Thank you, it's a lot of pride. I want to real quick. Yeah, it's up. Yeah, I've seen some questions about my mentors, your sacred society.io. Yes. Sacred society.io. Also, y'all got a young legend in the chat right here. Greg, go and blow his IG. This guy is like sitting on a nine-figure business. You know what I'm saying? Like, this is not, this is rare. You know, saying you don't always have people like this in your presence. So, go to his thing. His IG and ask him questions that he's a wealth of knowledge. And I keep some sharp. You know what I'm saying? But you want to learn? Well, go to Greg's IG. Greg's, he's the guy. I appreciate it, Mike. And last thing I'll leave you guys with is give us feedback on what you guys want to hear from us on next. You know, like, we want to do more of these webinars with, with trifect in the ISSA. So, you know, and hope to have Mike back on some of them. So, you know, let us know what you guys want us to talk about that would be valuable to you guys in, you know, in order to, to do more of these type of webinars. We really appreciate it. Absolutely. Well, you guys here at your first, we'll be back. We'll bring these guys back. So, I'm looking forward to it. Keep your eyes out. We'll make sure to let you know when that's going to happen. But again, thank you so much, gentlemen. Thank you guys all for staying with us. We can stay on for another hour. I'm sure. But for now, this is where we leave you. Thank you again, gentlemen. Thank you to everyone who is here. It's been great. We'll talk to you guys. Thanks, guys.