Hello, hello, and welcome. First of all, I'm really excited about this educational opportunity. Today, we get to talk about bulletproofing your feet for movement longevity. Now we'll give it a couple minutes before we get started. And one thing that I like to do when we start these things, I always think it's cool to see where in the world everyone is coming from because we typically have students from all over the world. It also gives you an opportunity to find the chat and the Q&A sections on this webinar. If you've never used go to webinar before. But if you're able to share something like that, that's great. It's really exciting for us to see where in the world everyone is coming from. Again, this is an exciting one for me because today we get to hear from someone that I got to learn quite a bit from. Someone that's influenced me over the years and influenced the way that I train myself and definitely how I train some of my clients over the years. So again, we'll give it another minute or two before we jump all the way in. But again, today, some great information, some great prizes that are going to be coming your way at the end. And also some opportunities for discounts on products from Dr. Emway yourself and from ISSA. Dr. Emway, I think I'm going to get started. We've given it a minute. We've got a good number of people here. So, why don't we jump right in again? We're talking about bulletproofing your feet from movement on gravity. So today, the agenda, what we're talking about, we're going to learn about activating the nervous system. And this is going to be a really important point to take away because this is really going to be kind of the start of how you start to improve but health and improve functions. Speaking of that, we're going to talk on integrating foot strength and what that means is how we strengthen the feet and how that affects the rest of the body. We're going to talk about how stimulation of the feet can help with circulation and help with recovery. Then we get to do some Q&A. So please do get in the Q&A section and ask your ask away with your questions. I'll take note of them and we'll have a chance to ask Dr. Emway the questions at the end of our webinar today. And then keep in mind, we do have some prizes for you guys and you are going to have to be present in order to win these prizes. So when we make the announcement at the end of this webinar again, you will have to be present in order to win. And just one last thing, be sure again, put your questions in the Q&A in the chat so that we can have an opportunity to ask Dr. Emway all these questions at the end. Alright, next up a little bit about us and ISN say, we are the global leader in fitness and wellness certifications for over 30 years. Our vision at ISN say, it's connect 100 million people to the power of healthy living by 2030. 2030 feels like something in the distant future that number sounds so far out there. That really is right around the corner. We have over 50 fitness and wellness certifications and specializations and we have world class student support, including success advisors, online support spaces and live and structural lead classes for many of our courses. So a couple things about why today is important and some of the things that you might be able to take away from this presentation. You see, are your biomechanical foundations? They're your little foundation, but they're also very much the foundation of a lot of the movement, a lot of the exercise that we do on a daily basis. Dr. Emway is going to talk to us about stability and how that can include hip strength. We're going to learn a little bit more about how the feet are connected to the core, the fascial line. So if you want to actually functionally strong core, be better be taken care of those feet. We're going to talk about how there are thousands of nerves in the feet that control movement. And then we could talk about how this applies to your own personal fitness practice and your professional fitness practice. Okay, that's enough of me. I would like to introduce our speaker for today. We've got Dr. Emway's click on again. She's someone that has a lot of great education out there. Someone that I've learned a lot from and someone that I got to do some work for in the past. And her education definitely influenced the way that I take on my own personal practice. It's certainly influenced my professional practice. Dr. Emway, welcome. And if you could, please let our listeners know a little bit more about you. Of course, thank you so much, John. And thank you to everyone at ISSA for this opportunity. It is a pleasure. It's an honor to share with you a little bit about my background and how I look at fitness. But also about feet and how important it is to be bringing in some sort of foot-focused programming, and pursuing recovery. And I'm going to demonstrate to you a very easy way to integrate this. So if you're already doing a little bit perfect, if you've been curious to learn more about feet, then this is your opportunity. As John had said, my name is Dr. Emway Slickel. I go by Dr. Emway. I am a Penaetrist. So I am a clinician. I'm also a human movement specialist. But very, very proud that I have been in the fitness industry for over 22 years. So I've been a personal trainer of taught group exercise. And now I'm primarily on the side of fitness education. And I do that primarily through my courses to be at a global. I just say, actually just picked up some of our courses, including our barefoot training specialist. We'll have more information on that at the end. And then of course, novos, so novos is actually very integral to this webinar that we're doing today. So I am the CEO and founder of Novoso. And I'll be speaking about those products. A little social fun on the bottoms. If you want to say hello over there, make sure you check that out. But we are here to get some education. So my key takeaway for everyone through this hour is that I want you to understand that it is actually the consistent daily habits or rituals that you do every single day. Nice and committed to them. That has this positive, cumulative effect on your foot health. That's what we're talking about here's feet, but really it's movement longevity. And most of my messaging is built around how do you use foot strength, foot recovery, foot health to support really everyone's end goal, which is movement longevity. So consistent, make sure doing something daily. You want to train your clients to then be doing this daily as well. And it's really easy simple steps. You're just talking in like five minutes a day every day has an awesome accumulative effect. So what we're going to do is we're going to go into the pyramid of healthy feet. So you can think of this as the three layers of what I want you guys to start integrating with yourselves and your clients starting today. On the bottom of that pyramid is going to be activation waking up stimulating. Once we have that activation layer, then we want to build strength. So strength on top of these activated feet. And then of course recovery is going to be on the top. So we got activation strength and recovery. You can also think about healthy feet movement longevity based off of three different systems. And we're going to explore these three systems as well. Of course, the one on the bottom right musculoskeletal, it's very obvious. We probably assume that there would be some sort of musculoskeletal reference. However, I want you to also appreciate the really powerful nervous system influence that foot health has on movement longevity. And honestly, as I go further into my career, most of my passion actually lies within the nervous system, the brain, just it's really what is influencing movement and performance and recovery is that nervous system. And then finally, lower left, we've got our circulatory system. Really important that you cannot under appreciate the importance of having a healthy lymphatic system, healthy blood flow to and from the area that you're trying to recover. So that's going to be the last little piece that we'll cover throughout this. Well, let's get started. Step one, bottom of the pyramid activation, waking up. Obviously, we're talking about nerves, your nervous system all the way down at your feet. This is going to be your peripheral nervous system. And when we think about your peripheral nervous system, we actually can break this down a little bit more specific, because that's what we do is we get into the nitty gritty. You can break down your peripheral nervous system or the nerves into two main types. Now most people, when they think about the nerves and the feet and the ankle, they're going to use the word appropriate sectors or appropriate section. And many of you would probably say, yes, this is how I refer to ankle stability in the nervous system, right? If we're training on a wobble board, a bow suit, you're doing any sort of balance exercises, that is going to be quote unquote proprioceptive, right? An ankle stability, movement stability is based around proprioception. Now I'm here to tell you that it's not that simple that you actually can break it down a little bit more. There are another type of nerves that are called mechanoseptors. So now when you think about the foot and the ankle, I want you to think about proprioception and the mechanical reception, okay? So we're going to go back to the first one that we're familiar with, which is proprioception. Propereosceptors, muscle spindle, GTOs, if you remember that from your personal training exam, right? These are found within your joint capsules. So every joint, doesn't matter the joint in the body, is surrounded by a capsule, which is a soft tissue web that is blending into the ligaments, retinoculum. You have the tendons that come out of it, so there's a lot of fashion, and obviously it blends into your fascia. So it's a very connected tissue-fastial rich around a joint, and why those nerves are around the joint is they are signaling stretch. So when you move a joint that stretch to the capsule and the proprioceptors tells your brain where that joint is in space. That's referred to as joint position sense. So how does this go back to your clients and performance and movement is movement accuracy? Movement stability, athletic performance, is based off of very rapid perception of joint position and any shift in joint position. So you want to make sure that your clients are very appropriate, separately, aware, because that gives them better body control. So we need to wake up those proprioceptors. I'm going to go into a little bit on how you can do that, but right now if you're doing anything that is unstable, wobble board, both suit, dine and disc things like that, you essentially targeting the proprioceptive system of that ankle of the foot and the ankle. Now another one that I speak about in other courses that I have to EBA is that your proprioceptors are also very much based around carrying weight. So weight resistance and you can think of proprioception like a hug. And when you wear compression apparel, compression apparel actually hugs your nervous system and stimulates proprioceptors. So anytime I'm trying to wake up the proprioceptors, I tell my clients or patients to wear compression apparel to use wrist weights, weighted vests, because that essentially stimulates a proprioceptive system or to hold something that is weighted. Like at Nabouso we have a two pound stick. The two pounds when I hold this stick is technically pulling on my joint capsule, which is stimulating proprioceptors. So some fun tricks for you. Let's go to the other side. Mechanosception. Now mechanosception is my favorite, because it has to do with barefoot science, barefoot stimulation, surface science, and all of the footwear science. But mechanosceptors are found in the skin and the bottom of your feet and the palm of your hand. This is called glabra skin. This is called hairy skin. Grabra skin, palms a hand bottom of the feet, is unique skin that has unique mechanosceptors or touch receptors. Now when you think of these mechanosceptors, you can break them down into two main groups. If you look at the slide, you can see that there's an SAA and an FAA. The SAA means slow adapting. So they are constantly reading the environment. For example, for your hand, is if I'm holding something like my coffee, which is not coffee. This is lemon water. But I'm holding something and I'm talking to you. And there's this subconscious process happening over here to know exactly how hard to engage this cup so that I don't spontaneously drop it. That is based off of SAA mechanosceptors. Now in standing, because of course we're talking about feet, that would be standing in one place. That's called quiet stance. We all have a little bit of a sway and the SAA mechanosceptors in the bottom of the feet constantly read underneath your feet to maintain upright posture. Now the FAA stands for fast adapting. So it responds to a stimulus and then shuts off, responds and then shuts off, which means the best way to stimulate FAA mechanosceptors is through movement. Okay. So now real quick on here, how do you stimulate the different mechanical sectors? Because this is important if you want to activate your feet. SAA one, we're called this two point discrimination, also known as texture. This is actually the premise of everything behind Noboza. You can see the image on the screen or if I hold up one of our insults, you can see that everything has these tiny little pyramids. And if I push my fingers on it, do it on the mural ball, and I have the little dots that kind of looks like braille, which is exactly what we are stimulating. We stimulate the same nerve in your feet as your hand uses to read braille, which is called Jermorkeldesk. So it's a very specific stimulus, which is very powerful. Your SAA tuner finny ending is skin stretch. So this is when you might use some sort of kinesiology tape. Any other sort of athletic tape, you can stimulate your rfinny endings. And then real quick, your FAA one FAA two core puzzles. If you look at the slide, it says are sensitive to vibration. Where we experience vibration every single day through our feet is moving. So ground reaction forces are perceived by your nervous system through your feet and these core puzzles and is perceived as vibration. So real quick fun fact, if you need to use that vibration to understand how hard you're striking the ground to create a loading response to control movements. If you put lots of cushion in your shoes, guess what that does to that vibration? It absorbs the vibration, which means that the nerves in your feet don't get the stimulus. So it's a big part of where that minimal shoe argument lies is within your need to feel the vibration so that you can move well. Okay. Now I just want to give you a quick foot fat around this is that your mechanoseptors, the peak sensitivity of these nerves in the bottom of your feet is age 40. By the time you are 70, you need twice the stimulation to create the same response. So for all of my listeners right now, or if you're on the recording, if you were working with older clients, think about this. You need to make sure that you are stimulating their contact point with the ground because if they cannot feel their feet, they cannot control their overall posture and their movement. So I'm very passionate around what I call barefoot, baby boomers because I want to get barefoot stimulation, especially in that aging population because of this. Okay. So great fun fat. So here's some tips on how to wake up and connect to our peripheral nervous system, step one. Think about the shoes your clients are wearing. Now they don't have to go all the way barefoot. They don't have to depending on where your training, certain commercial facilities, you cannot do that. I understand it. Or could you train the client in the yoga studio in the group ex studio so you could control the environment and take their shoes off? Could you go into more of a minimal shoe, then a thick cushion shoe, right? So at least you're getting more of that stimulation into the foot or do you throw in something like an aboso insole or the socks which are shown on the picture. And there you go, even if they have cushion in their shoes, they got a sensory layer that is activating the feet. Your second, harder surfaces are always more stimulating than softer surfaces, which means if I had a choice, I would want to train my clients on a hardwood floor. I don't want to train my clients on thick cushy carpet on a wrestling mat. I want to get the money surface that is harder. So try to think about that when you train your clients. Of course, no bow, so it was a great way and then releasing your feet. So studies have shown that if you do just a five minute trigger point release to the bottom of the feet, you get an immediate improvement in balance. How cool is that, right? So I love everyone to start their sessions, five minutes release their feet, slide your shoes back on totally fine. And then let's go have an awesome workout. It's just part of how I do my movement prep. Okay. And that's what I want to show you guys. Now is how to do a five point activation. Now here you can see in the picture that I'm using in Neuroball. Of course not everyone has a Neuroball. It's totally fine. It's not required because I'm going to just show you the five points and then you can use a golf ball, a lacrosse ball. Or if you want to check out the Neuroball, then check it out. There's a reason why it's designed the way that it is that I'm going to show you momentarily. Let's see if this will play. Okay. So what I want to show here is if you can see the video, there's five points in the bottom of the foot. It's a five point release. You're going to do each point for 30 seconds. You can see the different points of where I am indicating on the foot. You got the heel. You got the middle of the arch. You have the ball of the foot. And then you have here the lateral side. And then the medial side. You got these five points is where you want to think about it. Okay. And then what you're going to do is if you have a Neuroball, if you want to check out the Neuroball, the ball is going to split into two pieces. So you can see that I'm pushing my heel down. It's going to split into two domes. The two domes are designed so that you can release both of your feet at the exact same time. It also allows you to do pinpoint pressure release much more effectively than with a golf ball or in the cross ball. So it keeps your hips nice and level without shifting those hips to asymmetrically if you think of with like a lacrosse ball. Okay. Added bonus is you obviously have the texture on top and the texture is going to wake up those nerves and it's also going to improve circulation, which is going to be the last thing that we're focusing on. So I'm just going to show you real quick here. So you can just see that I'm doing the five different points. I'm not going to go to all five points with it. But you have now the five points that you would stand and release. Remember, 30 seconds per point. If you have the neural ball, you could do both feet at the same time. If you don't check it out, but also you could use lacrosse ball tennis ball golf ball. Okay. So that's going to be really important thing for activation. That's your step one. Step two. Next higher level of the pyramid is going to be strength. Now when I talk about foot strength, the foot strength that I'm referencing is your deep foot muscles. These guys, the intrinsic, the intrinsic muscles of your feet originate and insert in your foot. You can think of them almost like your deep abdominal muscles, your pelvic floor, your transversive abdominals. And guess what? They actually connect to your pelvic floor and your deep pelvic muscles. So your deep foot core, your foot core is actually connected to your core core. So I call that foot to core sequencing, foot to core stability. And these muscles vary uniquely, contract, I symmetrically. I symmetrically. So that's how we want to engage. She's in guess what I'm going to teach you right now. How to do this in a very simple way, very simple way. And then I go much, much more into this in the barefoot Chinese specialist level one. And I have many videos on YouTube. But when I refer to foot to core sequencing, strong feet, strong core is really what you're looking for with your clients. Because if you think about it, let's say if I'm doing a squat, a box jump. I'm throwing a ball. I'm doing a launch. I'm doing a bias approach. It doesn't matter. You need your center of gravity to be stable. And where's your center of gravity? Right? L5S1 boom. That's where we need that stability. Why your feet are so important to that stability is that there are only concept points between the body and the ground. So if I'm going to have a client doing a bias up curl, I want them to not just engage with their core to be strong doing the bias up curl. But I'm going to have them also engage their feet. And then their core is technically stronger. And therefore their bias up curl is stronger. So we're just thinking about the body in a very integrated way. This is referred to as your deep front fascial line. It runs from the tips of your toes up your lower leg, through your aductors, pelvic floor diaphragm all the way up to the tip of your tongue. So when I teach people how to create foot to core stability, sometimes I'll also call this toe to tongue. So you want to be stable from the tip of your toes all the way to the tip of your tongue, which is super fun. And that is what we are going to explore right now. And I love having interactive engagement when I do these things. So I'm going to have you guys join me just the way that the computers are, the cameras. I don't see you, so I'm just going to trust that you're doing it. If not, don't worry. I'll just do it and you can take some notes and then see how it's going to work. But this is what I'm going to have you do. So I have my feet here. I'm going to have all of you stand up and join me. And I'm going to start by having you guys find what a neutral position is. Now right now I'm barefoot. So I would actually like you guys barefoot if you're an environment that you could be barefoot. I'm also standing on the nebos of Florian. So this is textured so that if I was your client, you could be using the texture to cue me and build an awareness of where my foot pressure is. So we all start by standing with our feet shoulder with the part hands up on your side. And I want you to shut your eyes, just shut your eyes for a moment. And let's tune into our feet. And I want you to feel and find where your passive pressure sits, passive pressure, passive weight. Okay. And if you sat the for a moment, you just assessed, do you feel like your body weight is even between your feet? Or do you feel like you have a little bit more pressure on your left foot? Maybe your right foot. And then if you were to assess the front and the back, do you feel like you have more pressure to the front of your feet? Or to the back of your feet? And then finally do you feel like you are maybe a little bit more on the inside of your feet? Or the outside of your feet? So just take a moment and assess. And then I want you to open your eyes and I just want you to think about where that pressure distribution is. I want you to do the assessment. I feel like my pressure is kind of to the outside of my feet and into my heels. So if I was your client and that's where I said that's my pressure, then you could say, well, the one-terdex, or at least because you're always on the side of your feet, why do you think you have a IT band issues? Why do you think your hips are always so tight, right? Because of how you're standing passively throughout the day was so much pressure onto the outside of your feet. So then you would want to teach me how to quote unquote financial. So what I want you to do is just kind of assess where that was and then that's my mutual. I want you to keep your feet shoulder with a part. You're going to find your foot tripod, which is underneath your first met head, fifth met head heel, lift your toes up, spread them nice and wide, and place them back down onto the floor. Now just doing that, you should feel like you are more balanced in your pressure and you could do a little assessment and see that. Okay? Now the next layer of what you want to focus on for finding a neutral foot, a much longer conversation than what I have right now. But if you see my feet again, if you look, if I'm standing like this, technically that's pronation we go into that and the certification. But if you're pronating like this, I need your clients to rotate. So I just externally rotated in my hip and that put my foot into a more neutral position. So I'm on my tripod, my toes are spread, and then I externally rotated my hips to put me in a neutral position. Okay? The final final piece to this powerful neutral foot is going to be engagement of our toes. And the way that we're going to do that is through a exercise called the forward lean. Forward lean, you're going to stay exactly as you are, please. You're going to imagine that your stiff is a board, stiff is a board, please. And I want you to gently rock your body forward to your leaning, kind of like a ski jumper imagine that, right? And the slide back into a vertical position, again lean the body forward and then back to a vertical position. So I'm just going to show you real quick my body from the side I'm here and then I'm leaning to see how much I actually don't even have to lean that far and then I come back center. I lean and then I come back center. Every time you guys do that, what do you notice happening in your feet? Your toes should be going boom, straight down into the ground. Do you guys feel that? Yes, if you do. Yes, what? I was activating a postural reflex. That postural reflex is a really easy way that you can get your clients to activate their feet without doing a complex queuing about toes and engagement in all of this. Simply do the forward lean and it will do this reflex. Now, if you want to bring in a little bit more specifically, you want to be able to do that engagement with your toes without doing the forward lean. When I do this, I like to teach people one foot at a time so I can be all centered on my right foot and then release, push my toes into the ground and then release. So I got my focus on just one foot. You can take your time going through each foot, engage and then to get it into your core. What I'm going to have you guys do is go back to your feet, shoulder with the par, foot try pod, spread toes nice and tall and this time as you lean forward and you feel your toes pushing it to the ground. I want you to engage your transverse abdominals, engage your center of gravity and then bring it back to a vertical position. Lean forward and engage your transverse abdominals and then bring it back. Now as you lean forward, the last little piece is just see what it feels like if you put your tongue to your palate. So I'm leaning forward and then I bring it back. I can't put my tongue to my palate and talk to you guys. Sorry, so just try again, lean forward and then bring it back. Okay. Your trick again is can you engage your feet, engage your core, tongue to palate without the forward lean and then release. I like to use breath to guide this as well. So the way that I would do that is I would tell the clients in health or your nose into your belly. And then as you exhale, keep exhale, engage your core, keep exhale in, push your toes down. Try not to do the forward lean this time. Keep exhaleing, bring your tongue to your palate and release. Great. So just real quick, how I tie that with clients, right? Is Leslie I'm doing, oh my dumbbells with me, but let's say I'm doing a bicep curl. It's the exercise for today, I guess. Is I'm going to set my base, spread my toes, engage them, engage my core, toes go down into the ground technically, that's called short foods. And then I'm holding the dumbbells and every time I curl, shhh, I push my toes into the ground, I'm engaging my transversive dominoes as I do that bicep curl, and release. You can do the same thing with the squat, you can do anything with an overhead press, you could do it with a lunge. But that foundation of foot to core stability, that's what we're going after. Okay, good, good, good. It's called short foods, called foot to core, total tongue. It is powerful, powerful, powerful, powerful, powerful, power, the power, foot to core, look at perfect that was. Okay, so that is going to be your second layer, is that we are focusing on strength. And when I talk about strength, this is where I am saying it is integrated strength. Strong feet have to be connected to a strong core, otherwise your feet are not strong, they gotta be connected integrated. Okay, your third layer, as we're wrapping this up here, is that we are going into recovery. And the focus of recovery is going to be our circulatory system. Okay, that circulatory system to have sufficient recovery, you have to have proper circulation. You gotta get the garbage out, right? And one of the best ways to recover, the best ways to recover the foot in the ankle and the muscles of your lower leg is through movement. And the reason that movement is such a powerful driver to circulation is because your calf is actually considered your second heart, how cool is that. And every time your ankle moves up and down like a pump, it brings that blood back up to the heart. So one of the most important things for optimal, just total body recovery, is that you have to get your foot an ankle moving, which is really walking, is the best way to do it. But it's you want to get that ankle driving contractions. Okay, so movement, calf pump, muscles contracting is a way that we want to drive recovery and circulation. Now, because you also, you've sensory stimulation, which as I said is one of my favorite topics is how do we bring in sensory stimulation to optimize recovery? And I'm going to go into a couple, it's not just no, so there's a couple other sensory stimulation. One of my other favorite sensory stimulants for recovery is going to be vibration. And here, we're talking about the whole body vibration platform. So if you're familiar with them, if there are any of the facilities that you might train out of, this is just one example of using whole body vibration and it increased skin blood flow. So they're showing that just 10 minutes of sitting your feet on a whole body vibration platform increased that foot circulation, which meant recovery to your feet, okay, which is really, really important. This one, which I love, is showing that after just 50 steps, you get an increase in skin temperature and skin circulation. I often get asked that if people their feet are always cold, maybe they have renaues, which is like a micro spasm, where like their toes can turn white and blue and different colors from circulation. I always get asked, what are different ways that I can increase circulation to my feet, right? Or if you do work with the older clients, circulation is a big concern. So here, we already have whole body vibration platform. Awesome. Walking, taking just 50 steps, that's huge, can increase circulation to the feet, therefore supporting recovery. Love it as well. Here's another one. If you allow the vibration of ground reaction forces to get into the foot, guess what? How does the body and the foot absorb the vibration coming in? The muscles have to contract, right? So by wearing minimal shoes and doing more bare foot movements, you force the foot to contract and it really is foot contractions, muscle contractions that drive that circulation process. Okay, this is actually one study that showed. Just in case of your really intimately shoes, here's a huge argument for you. It was showing that if you wore minimal shoes and just walked like daily walking in them, there was a 21% increase in FDB as your flexorjage torn bravest, but it intrinsic muscle size. That's huge, right? You're actually showing hypertrophy of foot muscles from wearing minimal shoes. And the reason is that sensory information is going through. So you're getting that contraction. And then of course you drive circulation. Might's all about circulation. And then finally we got to talk about nebosso and texture. Right? Is the ability to increase circulation using some sort of texture. And of course, we have seen research studies around this where they will use texture to then stimulate into your dermal layer. Because the dermal layers where the micro circulation sits, the epidermis is the exterior. One layer deeper is the dermal layer. And that's where your micro circulation sits. So what's cool, about the pyramid texture on nebosso is think the pyramids can actually penetrate into the dermis. They obviously don't break the skin, but it penetrates to then get that micro circulation stimulated, which is awesome. Love it. Love it. Here's an example of our recovery socks. You can see the little indents. We call that venebosso effect. And when people see that when they use our products, I just want you to think of that as like yes, I'm doing something healthy for my nervous system. I'm doing something healthy for my circulation. And then of course you're releasing the muscles as well, which is great. So as we wrap this up and I know that there's some prizes for you guys, there's time for some questions. I want to summarize this for you guys. So you can have your key takeaways that you can implement right away, right away. Okay. You got this pyramid of healthy feet. This three step pyramid are little steps, little steps that you want to do every single day. The way that I integrate this, let's say with a patient or in your case with a client, I'll tell you exactly how to structure it throughout their day. Activation, I would tell my clients, your patients or your clients, my patients, to release their feet every day, five minutes in the morning when they wake up on the neuro ball. Right? You get the activation. You get the circulation. You get that textual stimulation. So you got five point foot release, first thing in the morning, do it when you brush your teeth, right? You kill two birds with one stone, which is awesome. Walk around barefoot in your home while you are waking up and getting ready. You have course put slide on the socks if you want and that's getting the stimulation as well. But for me personally, every morning, I actually walk around in our duo in Solceez or in my house the first, that's part of how I wake up and then I do the neuro ball release. Boom, checked it off the list and didn't even have to take any time away from anything else. Two strength. What I have people do is still while they're getting ready. Ladies putting on makeup or you're waiting for the coffee to be made, something like that is the strength that forward lean, right? So let's say you release the feet, you're still brushing your teeth, you're getting ready. Okay, you did the neuro ball release. Awesome. Okay, fine neutral. Okay, forward lean. Do your forward lean. Five to eight times. Make sure coordinating your breath and your foot to core. Boom, that's it. Five to eight times and you did something for your integrated strength. I absolutely love it. And then when the client trains with you, you are going to cue them a little bit more and tenfold, toes down core in exhale when they do their exercises. And then finally, end of the day, you're done training clients or your client is back home. Say, guess what, that recovery, slide on the recovery socks, release your feet on the neuro ball again. When you brush your teeth, because you got a brush your teeth twice, right? Do it again so you get that recovery and that reset. So I want that to be a demonstration on how easy it is to start to think about little, tiny habits that you and your clients can do every single day to make a big impact on overall foot health and movement longevity. Super easy to do. And of course, you can expand much, much further on this with other intentful exercises. But this is my go-to way to really help people start to get into that foot health mindset. I really thank you guys for your time. This is the barefoot training specialist certification through ISA and I know that John's going to be coming back on to share some information. But definitely do check out the barefoot training specialist. There's a level one and a level two. Level one is all about understanding foot anatomy, foot core, the fascial lines, the sensory side of the foot and then of course some programming and then assessments. So really really powerful course for you guys. Wow, thank you so much for all that information. Hopefully you guys were taking notes. And there was a question in the chat asking how you can rewatch this and everyone who registered for this is going to be receiving, I think to be able to watch this via email tomorrow. So whatever email you submitted in order to register, that's how you're going to receive copy of this webinar. So we do have a couple of things that we want to get done before we wrap up today. We've got some offers that we want to talk about. We've got a couple of prizes to give away. And someone did mention in the chat that the neuroball and some socks seem like a must have where you have an opportunity here. Again, we have these offers where the prizes and then we do ask with questions. So the special offers for today from nevoso.com. And then bolso.com.board slash i as a say, use that code i as a say, 20. And then as far as specializations like the barefoot training specialist, you can get an extra of $100 off all specializations. But again, including that barefoot training specialist and you're going to want to use the code nevoso 100. All right, we have some prizes to give away. And hopefully we have some names sent my way. So I can announce who is going to win the neuroball and those recovery socks. Hopefully it's that first new comment that they must have. And then we aren't given away a free specialization of your choice could be the barefoot training specialist. So in the bolso neuroball and recovery socks are going to Jenny, Guy Tan or Gay Tan. So congratulations. You hopefully you're the one who wanted to neuroball in the recovery socks. I'm assuming all of you did. So so I'm assuming you're going to be happy with that. And then for our one free specialization from ISSA or winner is Terry Keller. Terry Keller. So again, for the neuroball and the recovery socks, we got Jenny, Gay Tan or Gay Tan. And for the one free specialization, we have Terry Keller. You'll be receiving some information from us so that you can claim your prizes. So congratulations. So again, we do have some questions for you, Dr. Emily. So you've got a few minutes here. Hopefully we can address all of these before we wrap up today. Okay, so our first question. If someone has feet issues like a collapsing arch, what are some recommended shoes or accessories to have? Yes. So let me go general on it because there's actually many different types of flat feet. You may want to look at using something like an over-the-counter arch support, possibly. The one that I do recommend for my patients is PowerStep. You can get it on Amazon. It's like 40 bucks. So it's not a huge investment for these individuals. And then for a kind of going true by a mechanics, you'd want them to have a slight heel-toe drop. So most minimal shoes are zero drop. You could actually find more of a transitional drop, which will be 46 millimeters. And you're giving them just a little bit more control in that foot. But that's what I would look at initially. And then of course, you have a whole rabbit hole to dive in that I could go into like hours and hours. I'm explaining the differentiation, but that's a really good question. And if you do come across things like that, then that's a reason for you to kind of start to dive down that rabbit hole. Yeah, and the good thing with that with Dr. Emily is if you want to deep dive a lot of this information, she's got tons of information at there. Plenty of videos at there tons of great information. Next question. This was asked when you were talking about stimulation. The question was, how does this work for people with neuroopathy? I love that question. Great question. Yes. So neuropathy, which is oftentimes sensory. So it's sensory neuropathy means that there's decrease, not necessarily complete, but decrease sensation in the foot and using different stimulation. So we actually have done pilots with nebosso and neuropathy. We're actually doing an IRB controlled research study. And we had profound effects that people had a photo and coat numbness from neuropathy. And they actually felt the nebosso texture and it improved their photo awareness. Their balance they feel much more confident when moving because they could actually feel their feet again and feel the ground. So not that I just advocate nebosso on it, but just realize that neuropathy and I can't feel my feet. I am coding this because it's what they would be saying. Does it mean that they're completely void? So get them on the vibration platform, get them on harder surfaces, try the nebosso products, try a trigger point release to try to wake up those nerves. Great, thank you for that. Okay, next question. So do you do this five point exercise before every workout or should this be daily or maybe two times per day? Oh my gosh, all of the above. Five minutes in the morning, five minutes in the evening, that's really what I recommend for every person. But then if you're working now, you want to use it as an activation. Let's wake up the foot, let's wake up the muscles. So then I would say on those days, technically they're doing at three times a day, right? And it's super easy to do. It takes, you know, two minutes to do it. Yeah, a lot of the stuff is really pretty simple. And you know, just to share this, when I first took some of your education way back when, I kind of thought of it as kind of advanced personal trainer education, but what I really found out was a lot of the stuff was fundamental to just being a healthy, happy human. And that's why it really really struck me as important information because although I looked at it as a fancier again, I found out that this was fundamental stuff for everybody. So thank you again for that. You mentioned that walking can be a good way to get some recovery for a number of reasons. Did you have any recommendations specific recommendations for how much? For how much walking? Yeah. Yeah, so I would, I mean, for that, I would say your clients just keep them active. I'm sure we've all had the workout where you're like, whoa, I can't even move the next day. We're really the best thing that you could do is to go back to the gym and just lightly walk on the treadmill, just get those muscles contracting, which gets the muscles moving the blood moving the ankle pump. Another way is if they are like super sore on it is using thing like the normal tech boots are really good because it's focusing on circulation. You could just go in and do vibration platform as a way when you're really sore. But the movement is really, you will recover much faster from that damage, essentially that you've done to the muscles and the tissue by at least doing something minimal moving. Got it, got it. So kind of building off of that. Now we're going to talk about minimal shoes. If you choose to wear minimal shoes, so this sounds like someone who's thinking about it. If you choose to wear minimal shoes, you have to commit to wearing them all the time. Oh, no, no, no, oh my gosh, absolutely not. So the way that I have people transitioned from traditional shoes to more minimal shoes, one of the best places to do it is in the gym. And if you're thinking, hey, I'm going to do, you know, my normal workout, unless the workout is very highly ballistic. Well, let's say you're doing just traditional squats, upper body, you know, maybe a few machines and stuff like that. Then that is one of the best control environments for wearing the minimal shoes. And that's why I'll have people do their adaptation to it. Then I'll have people do it, maybe around their home or around the office. I practiced in New York City for 10 years, so which is massive walking city. So it was very different how I would guide those those individuals to transition to minimal shoes. If you're more like a driving city, it's a little bit easier to kind of transition to minimal shoes. And then just make sure that you slowly increase the time. I will say that I have many, many patients who are personal trainers and they train their clients all day on their feet like eight to 10 hours a day and they wear minimal shoes and then they get planetarhyde is. So just make sure that you realize that standing is actually really hard on the body. It's not natural to stand on hours. It's natural to move your body is designed to move. Your body is not designed to sit and your body is not designed to stand. So prolonged periods on either of those, you've got to do a reset. Right, but you could, you could offset that by doing a neurobore release. God, thank you for that. So my takeaway from that is is to kind of start slowly. I think we've both known a lot of people who heard that minimal shoes are good for you, so then they buy minimal shoes and start training for a marathon and that's probably not quite the way to go bad. Right. All right. Next up, what would you recommend for clients already experiencing clenther fasciitis? So make sure that they see someone. This is what I was saying. It's probably the easiest one. To get a consultation, a lot of people don't ever go to a consultation and they try to treat it themselves or through all of their friends. I try to tell them how to treat it. So I would just say, hey, if it's consistent and they've had it for more than like a month and I would say, hey, just go see a podiatrist and they can check it out and then you'd be able to guide them a little bit better through that. But with planar fasciitis, I never do a no pain, no gain thing. I also don't do that anymore after I do 240. I really listen to the bodies. You don't want to know pain, no gain it. There's a reason why the foot keeps talking to them and they need to give it that true rest and recovery. Got it. And, you know, I've been there with the planar fasciitis and it is debilitating. So it's all here, you know, now one. Okay. So we had another question and it's kind of, I guess this person's trying to adjust to injury. They've had multiple healed fractures and some nerve damage and and modifying things have become a necessary part of their life. So that's kind of broad. But is that something you can speak on in terms of how this person can approach you know foot care because I'm assuming what they're talking about is these these fractures and nerve damage are in the feet. Can they message me? We've got the doctor Emily. Yeah. That is a big question, but it's a but an important question for sure. Yes. Yeah. No, definitely reach out. But I, I, I, it's probably a long answer. And, bear with me one second, I'm seen if we've got any more that have come through here. Looks like that might be the end of the questions. Dr. Emily, anything else that you'd want to add to any of the questions that we just that I just asked or anything else that you'd like to add before we start a wrapping's up here? I've seen the last thing is that I'd really like you were comment about feet and thinking about feet and foot recovery or shoes or foot placement as really fundamental, not necessarily advanced. And I think that that's a key takeaway that I would like the listeners to have as well. And think of it almost as up there, important with breathing and how it's really important to understand the power of breath during different exercises, the type of breath, the coordination of breath, the timing of it. And that's how I look at feet as well as it's as fundamental as breath. Absolutely. And it does look like we do have one, one other question here. And it's, it's again asking about if the ball would help with neuropathy, but then this personal sense that I teach older adults and do barefoot training through yoga, but looking for more things to do more exercises to help them with this. Yeah. So I would honestly check out the nabo so products and you know, disclaimer mentioned on that. I've known them, but they're really easy to incorporate the neuroball if you want. Obviously you're going to be doing balance exercises anyone who has neuropathy, you're going to be thinking about fall risk. Right? And what do you do with that client to mitigate their fall risk? Well, step one is you need them to feel their feet. So could you do that through barefoot on an abostal mat? Could you do that by teach them how to do short put in the forward lean, bring the insults into the shoes. You're doing things that helps them to really build that awareness. We also have a kinesis board which is a micro wobble board. So it's not like abosto. It's very micro perturbed. That's great as well. And then looking at I have a lot of videos as John had said on YouTube where I have a lot of lectures on neuropathy. And you could even go to YouTube and search Dr. Emily neuropathy. And you will probably find several lectures from me where I go into a lot of the science of neuropathy and how to start to address it. Awesome. Awesome. Well, Dr. Emily, thank you so much for sharing all this information. Again, for all of you listeners out there, I truly believe this is fundamental information for everyone's health and fitness. And I'm doing the deep dive into the education that Dr. Emily has to offer. Can be a game changer, especially for a lot of you out there who are working with people with a lot of these issues that the plan of fasciitis and neuropathy etc. So again, Dr. Emily, thank you so much for sharing all that information. Congratulations again to Jenny and Tutary RR Prize winners today. Again, keep in mind, you will all be receiving a copy of this via email. So you'll be able to watch it again and go back and kind of listen to Dr. Emily explain some of the basics of how to take care of your feet because again, it is a fundamental thing. I'm just not realizing I've never did actually introduce myself at the beginning. My name is John Bauer, one of the content developers here at ISSA. And this was exciting to be able to have you, Dr. Emily, on. So again, thank you so much for coming on. And thank you all for joining us today. And I'll look forward to seeing all of you again next time when we have another great webinar for you all. Thank you.