I, as I say, Kurt Mangam, the second here, I, as I say, is VP of partnerships. I'm excited to bring you another I, as I say, in Spideyers with one of our certified fitness professionals, John Langeism. He is a former NFL running back. He's a standout college star at the University of Akron. He's from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. He's now back in his community as a business owner. Literally collaborating across the city, getting back as a public speaker, working with you, working as a student conditioning coach and an elite ISSA trainer. We're going to be bringing him right now to be able to share his journey with you all. What you can do to be able to follow in his footsteps or use his journey as some inspiration as you continue to elevate in a fitness industry. So really excited for how I say inspires and bring you all. John Chism, John. Thanks for joining us today. Hey, man. Thanks for having me. Thanks for having me. I'm excited, man. I was getting to do it. We're fired up. So I do want to start by saying, I'm, this is a special moment and really special for me because not only you're an ISSA certified fitness professional, but this is a full circle because me and you know each other before I, as I say, being teammates, John and I both played my graduate year. Got my master's university of Akron and played my senior season as a team made of Jowans. So I was chasing him around the football field trying to tackle him and practice and it was no easy feat. He was absolutely dynamic. Fat has all of the things that you want in a dynamic running bat and great size, speed, athleticism. And that's why he got an opportunity in a field with the Pittsburgh Steelers. So really excited to be able to want it to hear about your pivot and transition from being a college athlete and stand out star to being a business owner right and in the success that you're having now. But also what was that journey like in between? Could we have a times people see like the success of being a star and college sports and then they see now how many years successful business owner. But what was that journey like? Whether any valleys that you experience in between that process? Man, I thought that a lot of times, most of us athletes want to work this over. We kind of don't know what's next. And I always try to tell the young athletes this and hopefully something young athletes are on this to help them throughout the path and growing up and things that are nature going through the college and whatever else is next for them, even high school. So starting it out right, all goes good. We're doing great. We're being praised. We have a schedule, coach is telling us where to be, how to be there, the pan for food, their pan for room and boarding, it's telling me that for you, right? But the data that ends that all stops and life we have and certain different things, they cycle you down off of a lot of things. Sometimes when you fire right, you got a grease creator. When you got to get out of your house, you got a grease period. However, sports is not like that, right? So the data that you're done is the data that you're done. All right, so all of a sudden, I got to find out what is next for you on. What is next for whatever athlete that is. Who am I? I think who am I was like the most? That was the deep down side you really want to know who is your one. Like I am not carrying a football no more. What do I have to offer? You know, what do I have to offer? And then you start getting lost in those thoughts and it's like, all right. I don't know who I am. I don't know who I am and that's the most curious part because most people fall into addiction, they fall into depression, they fall into extreme anxiety. You got people that don't even never come out the house because of they don't know who they are. Or what should I do next? So that kind of was like my path, like going through the depression, going through what's next. And luckily I had a family that could back me, but in most cases a lot of people don't have a family or when it's over we all know most people treat you just like a normal person. You know, I remember working jobs. Pepsi to be to be as that. I would fill up refrigerators with the sodas. I was a merchandiser and I remember vividly the same people that praise you and told you you were going to be this and oh, it can't wait for you to get here and then do that. Or the same people that would walk right past you on the store while you fill it up sodas on the racks and in the shelves. That kind of was like that that moment for me. I was like, all right, then you who are you? You know, so going through that depression and then trying to get back going up to 260 pounds. Starting at 173, I wasn't 173 in college, right? I mean, high school. So falling through that deep depression and then coming back up to 260 found level food, right? I had to even know food with addiction, right? So I started falling in the level food, man. I started coming in the happy place. So it's just becoming one day is like man. This thing, this thing what God put me here for is this is not who I am. Having those deep talks with the mayor. Like I always tell people, I always tell people, talk to the mayor, talk back. You know, talk to the mayor sometimes. They talk back to you. So just having those deep, those deep talks like I man, you just put here for a reason. And once getting out of that through of course, a lot of help. Treatment to people like yourselves, things that I natured that motivate you throughout the process. And now today, what I do is more so give that same, that same kind of aura back to the people that I see going through it. They don't even know that I know that they're going through it. But I know from going through it. You know, so having that deep understanding of what it is and making sure that I'm giving back to these athletes of what I do today within the business that I own, also within fitness. So I do fitness and I do sports performance. I'm able to see from both spectrum, both parts of the spectrum like, all right, I see this guy that got up to 260. I don't know where you are. I know where you want to be. Let's do it. Let's attack it and give them that motivation and let them know that it is possible. Still showing my pictures of when I was 260. And to these athletes is keeping it raw as possible. Like listen man, you don't understand, like, all right, you, they say you four five star, but you and got four five star work. And when it's all ends, somebody is going to be sad, right? And I understand what that real sad is on a 33 year old guy. You're just 18 year old kid who don't understand what I'm telling you. And I'm going to keep it as raw as possible and I'm going to keep it as real as possible. So that's why I know that's my purpose today. You know, you know what I'm saying? I said, say help me really deep dive into that. No one, no one diverged it, no one how to talk, no one how to scale my business, no how to take it to the next level. And we two and a half years in man and well, see no signs of stopping. You just, just are killing it man, how are killing and really giving back, keeping it off then. I love it. There's so many jewels and gems that you just dropped in that moment, which I appreciate so much. And there's we got a lot of trainers and fitness professionals and maybe even people that are thinking about giving to the fitness industry that are similar to you have gone on their own journey, right, of discovery of like you said, having those moments in a mirror of like, I went to weight loss or transformation myself. I went through some of these challenges myself. I now want to pivot and do something different, right? Maybe I'm not enjoying you know, for me, I remember working in fast food. I am working in a coffee shop fast food, right? And this is after being team captain and all American and all of these things. And I'm dumping the garbage is and you know, scraping the, you know, the gum off of the, the bottom of the tables and serving people, you know, and people with treats you, you know, and this is an airport, people with treats you bad man and you know, kind of push a coffee back at you. So you have those humbling experiences. What was the journey like as far as the education side, helping you with the confidence that you can do this, you can pivot in a fitness because only being in the fitness industry or getting certified to want to have years ago to already have your own gym to be partnering with the YMCA, to be a public speaker in your community, to be given back on all of these ways. I think there are so many people that want that. What went in, I was just with love to hear more about just what went into your journey of I got certified. What were some of those steps in your process? I think first thing first is when I first started out, I was just in the gym for myself, not really knowledgeable. I will go on YouTube just like most of most of the watchers are whoever sees this, going YouTube and fine, just workouts, right? You see your biggest influence there, see them doing some crazy stuff and then you go and try to do it, but you not see those results. And I kind of was me, right? I will go in there and be on a treadmill all day, not understanding what really was going into this, why am I doing it? So once I became certified, which I recommend everybody to, especially if you want to pivot into this direction, it's like knowledge. Make sure you're getting in the knowledge so that you can be efficient what things you work. So being a efficient world, knock out the rest of the bull crowd, right? So getting certified, took me to that next level by understanding, okay, I understand my body, my body's not the same as Kurt's or the next person or the next person. Or my client might not have the same body structure as the next person or just plans understanding what to give out, understanding that if you got the knowledge, you can take it to another level. Yeah, you think you got the knowledge, but until you look deep down inside of it and get to the bottom lines of it, what's ISSS, I say help me with getting that certification and really reading it to it, really knowing the dynamics of how to take it to the next level. So I was saying anybody out there looking to get into fitness, make sure to ask a lot of questions, make sure that you get certified, whatever that is, I'm pretty sure they have plans for you to get certified. They have so many different ways you can do it. Don't be scared to ask questions, don't be scared to reach out, reach out to somebody. Maybe somebody can help you get that certification, maybe it's programs for you to get the certification. But in order to take it to that next level into the scale this man, don't be scared to ask, keep on building your knowledge, make sure that you're always in the books. And that pretty much what that pretty much simplifies it out. And also you got to have one thing, that's hard work. If you don't got the hard work, you can never take that next step. If you have the dream of doing it, but you don't have the work ethic behind it, I don't think you go anywhere. Even if you had a certification, are you, or are you had the money to go buy it? Whatever that is, you can't do nothing without hard work. Only how you scale up is through hard work. And in the beginning, as a business owner, you're going to have to do some things that people that 10 years in don't have to do. So just take the system, continue to work hard, grind, ask questions, and make sure you get certified. And the certification is going to take you to another level. And it's also going to get you into doors that the next person can't get into without that certification. Man, you want to such a great call out, because so many times, you know, there's, and you touched on it, there's people that, you know, social media that's posted and worked out videos, tips, different things. But not having the certification, there's so many, there's so many challenges, right, if you're not certified, just the fact of a client ask you, tell me, are you certified? Right? You don't want to be a situation where you can't say that. Now, actually, I haven't taken that step and gotten certified or you can't have insurance to be able to actually like train clients. I know you have your own gym. And so the certification allows you to have insurance to be able to cover your clients and those elements. I see a comment that we have here. And please, continue to drop questions, comments that you have for Joan. We're going to be going through. We're going to be answering these. We've got one comment here. Color the wind, yoga, which I love the comment. I went through these challenges that Joan mentioned as a musician. I had to say a lot of them has stuck my own yoga teaching practice. Joan, I think that's it up a perfect example of what you touched on when you said, there's different programs and opportunities. Everybody has their own language. So the way that you mentioned, strengthen performance. So you went and correct me if I'm wrong. Got your certified personal trainer, certification, also, strength of conditioning, working with athletes, working with the youth, also working with adults. So it's almost like you got a two for because you're working with the parents. The youth right and it allows you to have seasonal clients, your round clients, continue to grow, which is a great idea. But then, as this person commented, yoga is another pathway. You don't have to have a one size fit all approach. You can literally look at whatever certification, whatever path. And that's one of the things that I love about ISSA is that ISSA has 50 different certification. So if you're trying to figure out what's the right fit for you, if you don't know, I will say click the link in the bio and just literally do your research. Go in, check it out. Look around. Check out Google and see what's out there from about our website, ISSA online, has a ton of those options. And just like Joan, it can be that step for transformation for you. I'm going to go to some more to comments. Oh man, we got people coming, the gold, one of the most solid, man, Joan is most one of the most solid folks in the community. I know that. Come on, that's got to feel great. And to your point, you touch on something that I think a lot of times can be overlooked. You mentioned overcoming some of the depression and even some of the addiction. If you don't mind, just share more about your journey because I think there's some people out here that that can really help them bless because they may be at their lowest moment or their low right now. And they want to be able to have some inspiration to be able to get out of that right. So the touch on yoga and then I'm going to go right into it because yoga is on this line of what I'm about to say. Coming from that music industry, which I heard is kind of, you know, it's a little bit more different and we can translate that to sports, right? So all the same. Once it's over, once you get to love, you get to love, right? But through yoga, I was doing hot yoga, darn. Once I came out of my depression, I was doing hot yoga. I never knew the benefits of my fear of telling the levels are low. My dopamine levels are low. So I'm going to do things that I nature and once I got into yoga, I was able to be free, be a piece, just be myself. And I'm like, I didn't know yoga had this to get, right? So to anybody out there that may be going through something hard right now, please look into yoga. That's one. And just touching on the depression topic, man. Like, I just didn't know who was next. And I told with this hit, we in the house, I can't make nothing happen. Zero dollars, my wife's taking care of everything. I don't feel like a man. I'm feeling less than myself. I'm here, but I'm not here. I'm trying to sleep the days away, come to find out. That's the worst thing to do. You want to get up. You want to be active. You want to be out. You want sunlight. sunlight is one of the best vitamins that you can have. And just have that understanding and faith in believing in God. Like, okay, this is just a moment. You know, I always thought that this was just a moment. And some of my clients, when I post on them, my stuff, they were like, hey, what made you pull out the camera when you were 260 pounds? Or when you was 170 pounds, you just gone through this. I said, I remember, I always knew one thing. I bleeding God, one and two. I always knew I'd get back. I knew I would. You know? And my difference is coming out of football. And I just wanted to be numb. So for the athlete out there, for the music industry, the most famous question is what? Oh, you still playing football? Oh, you still saying you still rap? Well, a little dude must have been loaded at her. You know, it's kind of like, and then most of the time, I believe, most of you know you don't do this no more anyway. So it's just like that. It's just like that. You know, it's just, it's just that. It's not. It's not true. You know, it's poking at you. So that was one of the biggest things that I was just on a high from being back until my city from just being all the way up here. Now I'm back down here. So you think, and the reality once you become, you know, and and tune with yourself, you're not really, you're not really there. So for anybody that's going through any of that, just know that one day, you'll be all right. But, make sure you're taking it one day at a time because without what I come to learn is today, I'm way more patient than ever. What did I learn that through through those hard times? Do that depression, do that addiction? I learned that yesterday's not going to be today and today's not going to be yesterday. Just keep on moving forward. And it's just teaching you for something that's big to come with with things you're life and your life span. And right now, I couldn't be more, more thankful. Like, man, like, gratitude, man, like, let's forget gratitude. I said all the time. It's not too much things that can get me out of the norm. Like, I just try to stay present. You know, like, stay here and just remember those days, the hard times, like, things you want, like, you made it out of there, man. And I got to written down upstairs. You're going to help a lot of people. I look at it every day. Like, I got something written upstairs. You're going to change lives. That was back in 2022. That's we had 4,000 followers at that. We had 115,000 online platform. I've been paying over 300. I've been paying over 300 people by now and 2 and a half years. I didn't battle. Man, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't been through those spectrums, man. I didn't, I didn't been through those spectrums to where I can get back. Also, more powerful, more powerful testimonies. The three jobs that I was fired from. I now have a job with one. I now end the YMCA where I was fired from. And also, I have a visit with another company that I was fired from. Now through my business that I'll be going through. So I'm three for three. That's only got through hard work. The late doesn't mean denied. You give me, it gives me the chills here and now. I'm seeing the hearts and the fire flames getting dropped in the comments. And I see a comment here from body by AJ who said, I really needed this today. I've been, I've been, we all do. When he said I've been procrastinating. I've been procrastinating so bad. Thank you. And what comes to my mind is what you just mentioned about the 1% better every day. Because if we focus on just 1%. If that maybe is just making the bed today. Literally, that could be 1%. If that's just opening your ISSA certification and reading 1 page, that's 1% better today. And what happens when you stack those 1% days is that you get to be into the year and you're 34% better. What is 34% better look like? Right? You just mentioned going from, so what people see is, or what you just mentioned was going from 4,000 followers to over 105,000 followers on social media. It's one platform being an Instagram. I want to touch on that and how you are able to do that on the social media side. Because I know a lot of the folks that are watching probably have a business. They want to, I think people think that they need to have 150,000 followers to be successful in the fitness industry, which I would love for you to touch on and speak about that a little bit as well. I always say this. Be authentic. Share your story. There's, there's far more people out there that are just like you and where you at today. And we'll watch you every day. And you can post the ugly instead of ugly instead of the raw of the raw because once you start to elevate, they're going to see all of that rawness come together. And you're going to give somebody else hope that they can do it. And then that next person is going to give 10 people and then that 10 people is going to give 100 and that 100 is going to give 1000 and that 1000 is going to turn to 10,000 going to turn to 100,000 going to turn to a million. So just giving people hope people love to see success stories. And it's not so much of a success story. Just people don't. Everything is already glistening glamour. So that realm is already that realm. Show yourself. Now this thing for everybody, neither. But show those struggles. Or if you don't want to show it in the beginning, just document your process, document your process, put it out there. You only need one person to believe. Like I said earlier, one person is going to tell 10, 10 is going to tell 100 and then so on and so on. So don't be a shame on where you at today for once again I said earlier is where you at today, won't be where you at tomorrow, where you at today wasn't where you was at yesterday. So don't be scared to share your journey. Be open, be authentic as possible. You know, it's already too much thickness in the world already. So just be you. And each day you're going to grow. And each day also, I know, I put on look at it like this was supposed to meet it, kept me accountable. Because if I put it out there now, you can't go running high. If you put it out there, you got to do it. If you do it, you know, people want to start to notice, you know, so people notice, trans people notice, hard work, people notice patterns. You know, so I just build that pattern in social media, help me out with so many ways that social media never, never even know, you know. But you still got to deal with real life and things that I knaked here. But yeah, I say post man, post that story. You're going to help some body. Somebody right now is going through what you're going through and you're going to be able to help them. What life is all about. You give, you know, you just give, give, give, give, give, give, give. And it come back in a certain way. Don't be looking for it, give back. Just put it out there. Be authentic, be genuine and keep the face. I love it. I love it. We want to be that fountain. We want to be able to pull another people and have their, their cups be filled. But always come back to you as well. One last question before you before we let you go, I know you got clients in a busy day and schedule ahead. I see one question you have from Gabrielle. We follow the course in Canada, the answer to that. I can answer that one yes. I, as I say, is 100% online, you can study from your phone, tablet or computer. And 176 countries. So we're, we're everywhere. We're worldwide. So you're also a part of a community as well where you're able to, to hear from, you know, trainers like Joanne, whether it's here on social media, we share these success stories. But the last question that I'd love to get to, Joanne, before we have you go, we have a question here of how did you start your own gym? What was that journey like of starting your own gym? Wow, let's talk about it. So, we're trying to make it quick, but it's fine, not so quick. So I had two, I had two clients that I still have today, two sports clients. One was my cousin and one is like a coach friend to me. One says, I was going through my journey of transforming from 260 pounds to where I'm at today. And then like, hey, they knew I played professionally abroad. Like, hey, you're training my kids. And I'm like, man, I'm going to try driving at this time. I'm like, I'm driving across the world. There's no way I can get back in this time. Man, you're training my kids, basically what they said. So I kind of had no choice. I was like kind of like pushing towards it. It was like my purpose. This is God calling me to come and do what I'm going to do today. And I found a guy, a local guy. I know a lady that ran a business around here at one time. And she was like in this place, I remember this place. It was kind of like a little storage room. It was one night in there, full of spider webs. So I got in there. I finally got them to say, yes, to that. So I got them to say, yes, to that. So I went in there, scrubbed it all out, had equipment already in there. And then I just started posting things. Like, hey, training. This is my training sessions. I posted up on my Instagram things at that nature. Once I got that, I was like, ah, something told me I got to get out of here. It was too dark. So from going through the depression of the earlier states, I said, I don't like it here, man. Too dark. You know, so I got out of there. I came into my garage, started out my garage, cleaned out the fidgeted. I probably had like $300 left. I got my fidgeted, and everything moved out of the garage. It took about $300 plus dollars. Experts help from a few of my friends. Got everything out. And I just started there. I just had max on the ground for real. And like, one business, I bought off a Facebook market, please. It was like for like $50, $70. I used that into, I can generate some more money. I just kept on buying, I just kept on buying, clipping from there. And then next thing you know, man, I'm buying equipment. I got it painted now. I just just threw like a year, a year grind. Just keep on putting the money back into it. Not wondering about spending money or what the next person thinking me, I started here. Oh, well, everybody starts somewhere. Amazon started in a small office. Mickey D's Walt Disney. They all started in a small. So I did that. We scaled up. And then next thing you know, a year, a year goes by. And the YMCA director reaches out to me. I was training down and there. I will go down there. And it's funny. Because I was training that another gym, but this gym started acting funny. Because it's from her shoes gym. So I went to the YMCA. I went down to the YMCA. I met the director one day just sparingly. And next thing you know, super good dude, man. Chelsea and I'm saying, name Chelsea and super good dude. He says, hey man, would you be able to come in here and you know, maybe. So with the garage, taught me what's the only thing I needed with space. I needed gym. I needed space. So that's the number one thing you should go for. Look for space. Don't look for a gym. So it was a nice side space. I went in there and answered, that's it. Heck yeah. So we had three meetings. All of the meetings added up. Everything worked out perfectly to price things that I nature. And now we're year, we're year and there. We're two and a half years in. We've been in three spots already. Each one has been a bigger scale. So we're two and a half years in August. July will be the third year and we scaled up each year. So we've been in three different gyms in two and a half years. And everyone once got much bigger and all of them has been filled since then. Joannis is incredible. I know I said I'm a let you go with this. No questions. No. We get more questions than a chat. Because I think this is so inspiring for so many people. And I know there was one question that asked how long did it take to get certified and know for everyone. The journey is a little bit different. It is a self-paced course. So the certification is self-paced. We typically say six to eight weeks if you're only setting aside an hour or so a data study. But we I've seen students that finish that are really, again, it's self-paced. So you can finish in a week or two if you have some knowledge or experience if you're really motivated and want to study, study harder or more. So and we do have a lot of support with the certification that I say online. I love that you're tired and connected to that. So you got your certification. We have Chrissy who asks, how did you start helping people when you had no experience? That was the thing that I was scared of. And that's what made me get certified. And that's where I was just saying came in that. So you're going to have people with that watch you. Watch your journey. They're going to watch your hard work from what you put in. And the knowledge that you have behind it and that revolves back to treating people great doing the right business, showing up on time, being consistent. And one person is going to tell five, five is going to tell 10. It goes back to what I said earlier. And the next person is going to tell the next person. And then you'll be able to do it in the beginning. You'll be able to do it just off of the basic knowledge. But I always say this. Make sure that you're studying each day, rather than as you to things of that nature. But you won't be able to go too far if you don't go get that certification. And that's where I said, they came in for me. Once I got certified, it just kind of went through the doors. Because now what you see is people believing people was like, OK, taking this very serious, this is not just a facade. So I got certified like what? Seven months into it. Six five to seven months into it. So I think you should get certified earlier, rather than later, for to take all of my failures. I want to say nothing was a failure, because everything's a process here, your process is your own process. But if you can get certified, but if you can't in the meantime, just make sure that you study and make sure you know what you're talking about. Because if you want to climb, ask you something. You should know what you're talking about. However, it was risky, right? Because I didn't have insurance or anything. It was just to go hold much of faith and belief. That's it. I love that you mentioned that in your inspiring so many people right now when you mentioned the faith and belief. I want to shout out Tiffany, who's commented here and said, thank you so much for your talk. Tiffany says she needed this. She said, you gained a new follow as well. Someone said, this is the absolute true. So true. Thank you for motivating and inspiring. Something else, as we close out, one of the things that reminds me of and it kind of given a analogy that I really love somebody used is as when you mentioned getting your certification, posting your journey where that be at 260 pounds or at your lowest up 173 pounds, going through the lows, depression, going through different things. Like you said, addiction, different elements that you overcame, working three different, getting fired from different jobs, working and filling, filling the Vietnamese things, different things like that that weren't your passion to then getting certified, taking that leap of faith. What I hear you say is that people are seeing you. It's almost like your car. I think most of us have seen a car on the side of the road that maybe stall out or needs gas. And you see someone maybe waiting for someone to come help, right? And typically there's hundreds of cars that just drive past, right? With that person sitting in the car waiting for help or standing on the side of the road. But when you think about the difference, when you see somebody pushing their car on the side of the road, people want to pull over and help you push because they already see that you're pushing. They already see that you're going and putting forth that effort. So that analogy to me reminds me, you're one of what you just mentioned. Your journey, your friends and family are seeing you pushing. You're a former, you know, the clients that you have now, the director at the YMCA, which shout out to the YMCA, that's one of our partners that's now working with different way of seeing a location. So shout out to the YMCA, but the director saw you. He saw that you were pushing that car, that you were trying to better your life, that 1% better. And look how we paid off, how we manifested and opened doors for you. I know this is going to be a tremendous inspiration to so many people. That's the exact goal of these discussions. See us. We're going to be doing this every Friday with different I.S.A. and Spire certified trainers. So I'll be back in X-Fried. We can't wait. We appreciate everyone at Tune Dan. We're also going to be saving this. So this will be in the, we're going to collaborate on it. So you'll be able to see this on I.S.A. online, which make sure you give us a follow. Also follow Joann, I've been like this. We want to be able to continue to provide value and support. And we appreciate you, Joann. Any, I'm going to give it to you for any closing words that you may have as well. I'm at appreciate, Joe. I just got this work hard. Don't wait for no while to come save you. Believe, have faith. And be good to people. I think that's the most hidden thing, man. It's have faith first and be good to people. Be good to people, man. That goes, that goes the far way. Be good to people, man. Be a good person. Nobody looking. It's a hard one. Absolutely. And Joann, we wish you nothing but the most successful. We know that nothing but great things are happening. We're going to continue to follow and watch your journey with your clients and giving back as well. So thank you so much. And we appreciate you inspiring others. Much love. I appreciate you, Kurt. Thank you. Thanks for everybody for tuning in. Have a great day. Much love. Appreciate you. Thank you.