Well, hello everyone. Welcome. I know you guys are excited. There are 200 people in our waiting room ready to bust down the doors for this one. Today, super excited to have you guys with us. We're going to give it a minute or so here before we get started to let everybody trickle in and join us that will be joining us. And this webinar will be recorded. So all of you guys who signed up, whether you're here or not, we will be sending out the links you guys can rewatch this. I hope you guys have enjoyed the fact. But thank you guys for joining us. Stand by will begin started in just a moment. So excited to have you guys here. Sweet people are still coming in. I love it. Yeah, that's why that's why we just did another post. I feel like some people plan some people want to jump in right at the last minute. Which is perfect. So are sometimes you get busy. Yeah, 100%. Or. Or. All right, guys. Well, welcome into our webinar. So excited to be part of the trifecta and Janet Laiou. This is called Feeling Your Future. We're going to be hearing from our guests of honor and Janet Laiou. And I'm a bodybuilder. I've been doing it for 14 years. So I know exactly who she was when I met her. And I'm so excited to hear more from her. And then of course, celebrity and its own right. Mr. Greg Connelly with us will introduce ourselves in just a moment. But they will be talking about Janet's expertise on coaching partnerships and diet. So diving for success in fitness. So we're super excited to share everything that we have with you guys today. And we're going to go ahead and dig in. We will start by introducing ourselves. So you know exactly who these talking heads are over here. I will go first. I will be your host today. I am Jenny Scott. I am the senior content developer here with ISSA, which was actually create the course materials that our students go through to get certified. I am a working personal trainer as well and a strength coach and a volleyball coach and a bodybuilder and a volleyball player. So I'm still very, very heavy and active in the field as well. But I'm excited to be here with you guys. I will throw it over to Greg Connelly. Greg, I can introduce yourself. Hey guys. Greg Connelly, founder CEO of trifecta. Obviously very involved in the bodybuilding industry major partner of tr of ISSA and title sponsor of the Mr. Olympia, which is what Janet was competing in. All right guys. Hi. Thank you so much for tuning and I'm so excited. Thank you for being here. Keep going Janet. For those of you who don't know me, my name is Janet and I am a former Miss DeKineal Olympia. So for those of you who don't know what Olympia is. It's like the bodybuilding, the Olympics of bodybuilding, the top tier and just been a big fitness influencer for a very long time. And had the opportunity to become an entrepreneur in this space. So I'm so excited to talk with all of you today about helping your future in the fitness space as well. Oh, we don't have any. Thank you Janet. I'm sure we'll have a lot to talk about. There we go. Absolutely. All right guys. So let's talk about what we're going to cover today. We've got quite a bit to go through. We're going to learn a little bit more about who is ISSA. We're going to be the sponsors of this webinar. And also who's trifecta. We're super excited to have them as a brand partner and want you to learn more about them. Well, it learned some insights from Janet on her fitness journey. Super cool story. You guys will talk about the impact of training and coaching. What you guys can do with this if you're not already certified or if you are. What can you do as you grow your career? We'll talk more and we'll learn from Greg about learning to partner with brands. And we'll learn more about how you can even partner with brands like TriFecta. And guys, guess what? We've got prizes. We've got some prizes at the end of this webinar. But you must be present to win. So make sure you stick around all the way through today. And it was one of our last slides before we get to our Q&A. We will be giving out some awesome prizes. All right. Now keep in mind, you guys can ask questions throughout this. We can't hear you or see you. But there is a chat feature available. You guys are welcome to throw any questions you guys have in the chat whether for myself, for Janet or for Greg and we'll get to those at the end for our Q&A. As many as possible anyway. All right. So here we go, guys. Let's go ahead and dive in. I'm going to start us off and tell you guys just a little bit about ISSA briefly. Before we dive in, I want to make sure that you guys understand who we are. We are. We have certified more fitness professionals than any other organization out there. We started in 1988 with a mission and vision to connect more people with wellness and health in this industry year after year. We currently have more than 50 certifications, which is super cool or super excited about it. Basically covering every piece of health and wellness and fitness from specialized nutrition shape like we'll talk about today, special populations, health conditions and even special training techniques. So we kind of cover it all. I do have to mention that we offer the most support out there for our students as well, not only as you're learning, but even after you've gone through the certification process, we have live instructor like course options, which most certification companies don't offer and it's something that we offer for a lot of our courses. So take it for me as someone who 14 years ago was just handed a book and told to study for their exam. I passed just fine, but you don't you didn't use to have all these resources. So we do pride ourselves in having a lot of resources for our students. We have things that extend beyond just personal training. We extended to nutrition, health coaching and specialized training, and we've grown our portfolio of brands. It's not just ISSA anymore, which is exciting. We have the NCC PT, the functional aging institute, and even revolution running, and our own yoga 200 certification, which is an accredited certification. We do offer accredited and recognize certifications in personal training group exercise, indoor cycling, and like I mentioned yoga. So again, we're super excited to be able to offer basically a B1 stop shop for our students, everything that you need. We've got it. Okay, so that's just a little bit about ISSA. If you're interested, it will have some giveaways at the end, or when you get to the prizes. But let's hear from Greg, Greg, tell us a little bit more about trifecta, who is trifecta. Sure, so yeah, appreciate you guys joining us. trifecta is the largest organic meal delivery service in the US. So we ship meal prep food to everybody from celebrity athletes like Janet to average Americans like myself that are really trying to get in the best shape of their lives. So we have lots of different programs for people to choose from that are personalized for for fat loss or muscle gain, whatever your particular goal is. And for those of you that want to build or already have an existing fitness business like Janet does. We partner with lots of ISSA trainers, gym owners, celebrities, celebrity athletes, etc. With our affiliate program to drive additional revenue for them. So if you are a trainer already and you've got, let's say, a hundred clients getting some of them to also do their meal prep through trifecta. We'll not only make sure they have better results themselves, but at the same time it can drive a lot of additional revenue for you as a trainer because we pay the trainers that refer people to trifecta. So we'll talk a little bit more in a bit about trifecta as a brand and then how you guys can partner with other brands like us to maximize your revenue. And then above and beyond that for people to get really serious about their their meal prep we also have meal prep by weight or by diet type. So someone like Janet who does not weigh very much is obviously going to eat a lot less than four time world strongest man Brian Shaw who's 68 450 pounds. So we allow people to customize their macros and calories to really get incredible six packs get incredible shape so that you can attract more clients to you by having a phenomenal physique yourself. I love it guys and this is a huge resource as a trainer I can tell you myself we're not supposed to be writing meal plans. I get it people out there do it but we're not supposed to be but if you're looking for something to give your clients that can give them that nutrition resource yes you can be that education source but something like trifecta is a great option where you can send them and they can get them meal plan from trifecta. So you're taking yourself off the hook for it they're getting great nutritious meals they're getting them delivered to their home they don't even have to do anything for it. So it's a great resource and that's why we partner with them because it's so good and I've used it myself quite a bit but let's get to our guests of honor super excited to have a chance at lag with us so Janet let's get some insights from you now you've worked as a nurse before going full time in the fitness industry which is super interesting to know how long to that transition take for you and what were some of the key factors for you getting into the fitness industry. So starting as a nurse I was very much into the body the physique and even nutrition and I was working full time and like many of you guys were listening and you have other full time jobs and then you have this passion for fitness just like I did and I told myself. Okay, you know I'm very I just felt this real sense of passion deep inside and I'm like you know what I think I should go for this and I wanted to enter like the competition in compete and fitness but I knew well I have to support myself my family. And that's kind of a where a lot of people tiptoe because they're unsure of when to kind of you know take flight from that from their previous career but I said if I'm going to be successful in this I'm going to give it my all and go all the way and so there's a point where I was like you know I'm getting a lot more jobs within the fitness industry and. Kind of being able to support myself and that little bit gave me confidence and so you know what I can do this so. It was a little bit less time I was giving to the hospital and working those hours and you know what I think this is the time to take flight and sure enough you know turn turned into success with good long javit and I think if I could do it then everyone else can do it to. Absolutely how long ago did you make that transition by the way. So that was back in 2013 I was working at nurse at the hospital in the acute care room and I loved it but I also knew that you know what I'm I really love fitness I love learning about the body and. I started kind of doing a bunch of research down that direction and just like many of you who are maybe getting into personal training you want to teach others. I still keep up I am still a nurse and I still keep up with all of my credits and stuff but I'm also always learning anything related to fitness with personal training and. As aspects too so not only are you like have to learn the content of personal training or anything related to fitness or health and wellness but you do being an entrepreneur you have to know business as well so there's a lot of research I did on my part. That's awesome nice so that it is the 10 year anniversary by the way, have the anniversary. Thank you. That's amazing when you first got into fitness how didn't having a trainer coach help you become successful. Oh my gosh so. I know a lot of people who start out by themselves and I started as a competitor so for me I said if I'm going to do this I want to. Do it all the way and do it the right way and I felt that having a coach there along the way in my journey was going to. Give me the most success having a coach was able to give me accountability and keep me in check and a lot of times you know we fall off on the regimen of whether it's you know nutrition or training and you know if your coaches on you you have to check in. I mean it's kind of a good thing. I think it's kind of a good thing. I think it's kind of a good thing. It kind of gives you that sense of okay I need to be responsible and take the seriously this is going to be my full time. I got to put in the work every single day. And also we tend to. View ourselves very subjectively and I feel like having a coach. Is so good to give a different set of eyes on your body or physique or wherever your progress is at. I think it's a very crucial to have because a lot of times we're so hard on ourselves maybe we feel like we're not getting there we may have no improvement, no progress when reality or coaches over here like. To remind you look how far you come you know from when you first started and I think that's very important that we all kind of. So far I do tend to forget dipping a coach is so valuable. Yeah and bias set of eyes I like to say. Well and a lot of times you may not be able to have the support group around you. Maybe you're like the only one in your town that's you know focused on the specific thing like for me it was competing I didn't have a lot of. Competitor friends at that time because I was very new and I was able to. So talk with my coach, help me walk through tough times and like, you know, what I'm feeling emotionally and mentally like. So it's not just, they're going to give you physical advice or hey, this is what you need to be eating. It's more of kind of like also having a life coach and giving you advice like look, you know, there's times that we feel down or we may regress, but then we move forward even, you know, five steps forward. And a little bit of progress goes a long way. So I really found that to be important to have that more objective advice and mentorship in my life. Love that. Now I'm sure they've helped you with, of course, the exercise are in the nutrition part. So speaking of how is your diet changed over the time that you've been in this industry for the last 10 years. I've evolved so much. Let me just start by saying I was the person who did so much cardio. I barely ate because I thought that that was the best way to get in shape. Obviously many of us know now that is so far from the truth. But over the years it's one thing when you're competing for maybe like a bodybuilding trip, but not everyone's doing that right a lot of us just want to look good and feel good. And so for me, I've learned how to, you know, one, be able to successfully die it for a show. Also, I have to think about, okay, what about when I'm not competing when I'm in my like, coos season or off season or, you know, if I decide not to compete what do I do, how do I stay fit and I've learned how to, you know, make better choices. Especially when we go out to restaurants, it's really hard to not go somewhere right and see all these indulgent things, but you know, it's eating clean and being healthy and if you want to feel good. Most of the time, like that's, it's a lifestyle, it changed that you have to learn. So I run into a lot of people who they've competed before and they just don't know how to eat afterwards. So then they like rebound and it's a learning process of just, you know, simple choices and I just try to simple it down to like, okay, I'm going to probably have. Eat clean most the day and then maybe have like an indulgent meal at night or something like that, but I do have to credit, try effective for actually making it very simple for me, especially with competing or even if I'm a mom guys, so I'm live a very busy life on my schedule and. I'm not having a lot of time to be healthy here and there. So the best feeling is like I'm so exhausted, come home from the gym or from biz or I take my meals with me when I'm traveling. I can still be productive and eat clean, you know, stick to my my diet or eating clean if you will. Thanks to the fact that I just, you know, have a meal with me or pop it in a pan or in the microwave heated up ready to go and it all fits within like my macros and calories counts. So have to shut out for that, but it's definitely if you want to have longevity in this. Make it a lifestyle change, not just label it a diet, which is more of like a short term thing agreed. Yeah, and I'm glad to know that I'm not the only person who travels with my trifectomy of my freezes and then puts them in my bag and digs them on the plane and I got stopped at a little x right every time. So I'm glad to know I'm not the only one who does. Well, you know, I see a lot of people not just in the bodybuilding world in other, you know, you know, whether they're like runners marathon runners or, you know, my daughter's a tennis player. So I see a lot of tennis players out there on the go. They do the same thing. Even successful business owners who have busy schedules, but they they make their fitness and their health priority. It's all about just, you know, okay, making a top priority to whether it's prepare your meals, bring your meals with you. And having the willpower to say, you know, I'm not neat that I'm going to eat this because I know what this is going to provide me results. Yes, let's go get me closer to my goals. I love that. So speaking of food choices, though, do you have any favorite free or post workout meals or high protein meals that you got your go to. So I am I love training in the in the first half of the day. I don't know how many of you guys do that, but if I have to train in the afternoon evening, I will do it, but I love to get it out of the day like first thing. So typically when I'm training, I probably had breakfast for sure. And that would be lean protein like egg whites are all mix it up like whole eggs and egg whites together. And some kind of clean car that would be maybe like grits or oatmeal with maybe a couple blueberries. And to me, it just feels so clean. I know I'm getting protein. I'm getting carbs and that I can use for energy for the workout and something about just it just makes me feel good. You know starting your date off with the right meal. Just put you in good mood. Absolutely. And I love the food choices that you just mentioned like such simple choices. It doesn't need to be super complicated, right? No, like a lot of people are like, you know, they want all these recipes and sometimes it's good to like change it out with different styles, which is great for variety. But I always find myself that I'll do that a little bit, but going back to like the basic things of like for breakfast for instance, you know, your egg whites and other oatmeal. And then you know, if you're going to have a lot of little bit of weed or humor advice or grits, just or maybe like whole grain toast, avocado toast. Just going back to the basics makes it simple. You don't have to make too many choices. And that's what make gets things complicated. Yeah, I agree. Yeah, giving people too many choices is often too much information. And then it's really easy to go off the wagon when you have a lot of choices, right? Oh, I have a list of things I can pick from. Yeah, yeah, and that's why I'm simply like try fact. I know we keep going back to that and I'm going to talk to you. I want to learn more about your partnership with them and just a second. But with the trifecta bills, it is so simple. You can pick the same deals over and over again, or they have a little bit of variety, but it's not like 500 food choices, right? That becomes a lot to manage on both sides for that business and for you to figure out what you want to eat, but just keeping things simple is so much easier in a lot of cases. Yeah, it's I love that there's with trifecta. They have a lot of flavor, but they keep it simple with a simple, you know, category of carbs. Yeah, you know, high quality proteins and you're vegetables. So that makes it easy for me. And I think like for anybody, whether whatever kind of likes like fitness style that you have if your bodybuilder or if you are like, you know, want to be fit mom or, you know, whatever it may be, just you can create your own meals. It's all customizable. Love that. So speaking of trifecta, what inspires you to seek out partnerships of brands like trifecta and how is it impacted your career? What have you seen with that? Well, first of all, trifecta is one of those brands that is they are the leaders in meal prep and when meal preping became a huge thing on social media. There was a lot of them coming up, but you didn't know maybe the food didn't taste so good. Maybe there was, you know, issues with the company, but you always want to connect with and work with brands that, you know, have a good reputation themselves first of all. And secondly, that also align with your values and I think that getting to know more about the company what they stand for and how we can mutually benefit with each other. That was all up my alley. And I so a little bit of advice for everyone listening, I think is that, you know, if you want to, especially incorporating it with your personal training as well. You want to send clients to reliable companies. Do your research on the company. You know, try them out yourselves and make sure they align with like your values. That's so important. There's companies out there who kind of have their own agenda and maybe doesn't mesh well with yours. And you'll find yourself like maybe that was not a great partnership because maybe you're getting left in the dust with something, but with trifecta it. They're so like really close like family like you can come to them with anything any of your ideas very open to it and finding more ways just to be successful. Overall with on your part and their part they're willing to go above and beyond to meet your needs with your business as well. So partnering with them has been just a beautiful thing within the business space fitness space and I think they kind of, you know, their brand speaks for themselves and they've partnered with so many companies so many trainers and Other companies related in the fitness space that it's clear how they're willing to engage grow and you want to write that growing bandwagon to grow your company. So companies that want to grow you want to attach yourselves with that as well to help benefit your business. I love that I agree. Try affected growing but they want to grow with their partners and I love that about them. So in what strategies have you use or how have you used your this partnership with like trifecta or some of these other companies that you've partnered with to increase your income. I know Greg mentioned like how you can do an affiliate program and things. How have you leveraged that to make more money. Oh my gosh, there's so it's it's really cool and I think we're living in a very fortunate day and age to be able to make income off of social media or all these platforms that we have today and I, you know, with your brand you and the company that you want to partner with you have to be able to. You know, first off engage with your followers and I think a good way to help leverage. And your partnership with the companies, you know, be very active on social media, be very, you know, respond engaged to people coming on your stuff. There's so many ways to be able to grow in that space like for instance, maximizing your audience by doing collaborations. During promotions giveaways affiliate programs like trifecta has and that's been a way for them to grow but you also as a personal trainer or somebody in the fitness space can do the same thing just on a different level, you know, in a different way. And you know, you are very niche individuals so you have your own personality, you have your own audience and that's important to know like what is your audience want from you and how can you. Bring that to the table in your partnership. Yeah, I love that. Yeah, so there's definitely opportunity to monetize it with your following right and then using their following and then putting it all together. And another thing with another thing with, you know, your partnership with brands I think is really important to think of. Like the long long term building long term relationships for me that was very big I don't want to help around with brands and you know it's one thing if something doesn't work and it just kind of collapses but it's I think it's very important to. Have the both parties understand look we're here to build we're in work together and however long that takes and you know whatever links that we're willing to do that. It's it builds trust in your audience that hey look I truly am with this brand and not just like here for a short time. If I can jump in with with one comment the with with Janet. We we also and you guys should look for brands that do this we also wanted to invest time and effort in her personal brand you know her her website so Jansson entrepreneur herself so she's got. You know diet nutrition programs that that she writes and programs on on her website so partnering with brands that are going to. Invest in your success not just the brand success. I think is is definitely something to look for you know whether you're already famous like Janet or up and coming. And that's you know I bring it up because Janet and I have been talking a lot about it over the last few months and I want to make sure we we do get that out there to the ISS audience that. You know brands should want to invest in you and what you have going on not just directing all the visibility back to the brand itself. That's a great call out Greg because you see that a lot you guys whether it's a clothing vendor or a supplement company and you're like oh they want me to be a partner with them or they want to sponsor me. I think that's what I'm talking about. I think that's what I'm talking about because I'm talking about the things that actually mean right look into what that actually means and make sure that you're negotiating something out of it for you because a lot of them I don't do it much because I like Janet said it takes time and effort to leverage your following and beyond social media. I'm just not that person I just am not but I have a client who is she's an influencer she's a mom and when she gets a approach by companies if they just want to send her stuff and say hey post about this. She has every right to say no Jen has every right to say no just some of these brands that only want something from her but that's a great call out Greg they should be investing in you as well. I love that and just to add on to that comment like there for instance I run into this a lot of times with working with brands that when you are kind of like comparing maybe contracts are working with somebody someone a company may want to like pay you a lot. But maybe they won't really utilize you a lot and is that really helping your like your market your followers your growing your your socials growing your brand and visibility versus like another company who maybe they pay a little bit less but they're willing to do you know put you out there so much visibility for you and your brand. You're doing all these like make collaborations and giveaways and promotions campaigns where it's really pushing you like you're like getting marketed and that grows your following your engagement just it's like a snowball effect so there's to me I feel like there's more value in that and that in turn. grows you your brand and then that turns into you know more income at the end of the day then someone who might initially pay you higher it at first. I love it good point so is there any other advice that you would give to those that are here listening today. Who want to establish not only their personal brand but maybe partnerships with other brands any other advice that you can think of for them. Yeah, oh my gosh well you know it's social media there's lots of brands that are coming up personal brands and I think it's very important for some foremost to. Like stay true to yourself who you are and what you stand for. Being very authentic and real and you know posting valuable content posting true content leading people in the right direction there are lots of. Brands off there they're just probably posting reposting things you don't know what they're about maybe it's not clear who they are what they stand for. And maybe they're trying to be something that they're not and that definitely is you know will come to light but I think it's for me what has worked was always staying true to who I am what I stand for and putting out. True valuable information and these things you kind of have to offer free information first help people out for free and then in return that builds trust with your followers you get more people coming it more engagement and they say okay they keep you in mind and then that turns into oh baby they'll sign up for this they'll sign up for this package. That increases the income down the road so offering that free information versus is key and it's kind of hard to understand that comes up but you know you have to build the trust first. Yes, I love that it's a great call out Janet because we talk about that in our business courses for fitness professionals and we're teaching people out of build their business. Yeah, go and something for free so that every time they get something from you you're not asking for something from them. It makes them more likely to open what you send them or look at what you send them right and so then when they are ready you're absolutely right they'll keep you in mind. I love that anything else you can think of. I think that you know starting from like grown zero for many of you guys who are just starting out like. Understand to be patient and that you know just keep posting keep pushing your brand keep marking yourself the best way that you can. You know stay engaged beyond social media as much as you can you are the business owner you are your own brand. But even though you may be posting you're like I don't see anything you got if you keep doing it and have patience. It will eventually grow into results patients is you know patients is a virtue it is so important with growing your social media I started from like zero and then I just started organically posting. Like my journey in the fitness space and talking about my thoughts my knowledge things that I was learning and it was helping other people. It was also influencing them and inspiring them for their own journey that or something that they are going through at the same time and that in return. Came true followers that have stayed and I think that is important as long as you have patience you'll see it grow like for for my following today I couldn't when I first started I couldn't imagine I'd have what I have today. I know you come a long way and it's often to see super exciting. Yeah I mean with with the patient's point I mean how many years did it take for you to win the Olympia Janet you just kept at it continuously. Yeah like competing in the Olympia for eight years and you know that's something like even as a business owner. I love about my my entire journey is that all these principles that I've learned especially never giving up and believing in yourself even after eight years I could have been doing so many other things but for some reason I believe in myself and I knew. I was very passionate about this and it was my goal no one else is gold but mine and just sticking to it to it and. The belief in myself is what drove me eventually I got there and so everyone one of you listening whatever your goal is you know which you have to have a clear goal. Don't give up on it because you never if you give up prematurely you'll never know what it's like or what you could have achieved. Absolutely and if you don't try you'll never know what you could achieve well that love that so I feel like we have a mix of people that are here with us today some of you guys are certified as fitness professionals already some of you guys are looking into it are interested in it. So when you get certified as a personal trainer you have a unique opportunity to of course make money doing the thing that you love right training people being around fitness being involved in it. You have the opportunity to improve your own personal fitness because yes you're you're not being paid to work out. I know that's like a miss no more people like to say that that's not a thing right but yes you are around it hopefully you're learning and applying what you're learning to yourself much like Janet has done to build her brand. You get to share the benefits of fitness with people which is super fun I think most personal trainers I would there guess all of them like to help people. I think that's a lot of people who are very important to help others live a healthier life and there's a lot of career opportunities out there that could work for pretty much anyone. So Janet I would love to talk to you more about some of the career opportunities out there. Starting with entrepreneurship you are an entrepreneur so can you tell us a little bit about like how you built your brand what your brand is what does it mean to you I'd love to know that. I'm not just a entrepreneur in the fitness space. Yeah so like I said earlier that when I first started out it was just posting my journey about like myself and going through the process with like competing then I realized well you know I couldn't I'm helping these people out from all over the world like I want to be able to do more. I think that offering the knowledge of what I knew with training also teaching about nutrition was able to help people make real life transformations that. I mean to offer that changing the way you feel of increasing your confidence is a priceless and so that was definitely something I was like how I want to do more more of this so. I think that's a very important thing to offer personal fitness for other people was was huge and then winning the Olympia was able to. Have the opportunity to give back to the community so now I am promoter of the bodies a fitness event show. I'm a very shameless plug here so for other fitness competitors around the world can compete to that that is September 16 by the way in Port Lateriel if you guys want to come join come check it out lots inspiration fit bodies so much motivation but. I think you are at you know whatever level you are finding ways to. I think that's a very important thing to do with about your business goes a long way maybe they'll talk about it to somebody else and they're like oh yeah I know that I heard that oh let's go like and it just spreads like wildfire so. Let's not get lost into you know when they say like oh you're scaling it well you got to go back to the roots of like person to person. Yeah I love that and then competition training and coaching obviously something near and dear to your heart how did you get into that. Yeah well obviously I'm a competitor and there's so much that goes into it and whether it's the competition level or if it's something that you want to. Just transform your body I work with a lot of people as well who just they want a few good they want to lose that last five to 10 stubborn pounds or they want to learn how to eat healthier they don't know. So there's lots of teaching in that and I think I love being able to give that knowledge back but there's definitely lots of opportunity to create a business out of that. I love that and I think you have to be very detail oriented. So do you copy this and training and prep. Yeah so and with that everything is individual customizable keeping in mind that one. But one certain way does not work for everyone so you have to be flex way to be know that. One thing just it's you can't do anything cookie cutter just it doesn't work. 100% what about physical education and youth coaching you mentioned your daughter the tennis stars I know you're into this side. I am I'm actually like I'm such a huge supporter and advocate for for for the youth for their education and also for fitness and any opportunity I get to work with kids I'm all about it my daughter does tennis and I speak to her and the tennis groups that about a lot more about so I'm not a. tennis you know pro but I do I can offer the the mental side of it which with anyone whether it's with fitness or if it's with your business it takes a lot of. Mental strength and grit to continue on to push yourself to stay focused the persistent and. More so you know a lot of us were we're not motivated maybe we're not motivated to work or we're not motivated to go to gym whatever it may be we have to learn to be disciplined and there's lots of tools like that I learned with. first a training and bodybuilding that have taught me and carried over to life skills and principles so. I love talking with the youth about just creating a sense of you know I be dedicated to something use me to work and if you have to work hard. That a lot of time tell Ca�� whereOOOOOOOOAC do I deserve to the way guys enjoyed coming back. And that's, I think even adults, this information adults would love to. But yeah, that's where it starts. The young generations, we have to teach them early, right? Absolutely. And sometimes, like we have to go back to it as adults remind ourselves. The next one is something you know, a little something about being a social media creator or influencer. I'm curious about this specifically. How do you go about figuring out what you want to post about? How do you get so creative about that? Oh my gosh, yeah, like with social media, there's all kinds of things you can do. And it's just a great way to let your creative side come out. And of course, I love talking with the brand partnerships that I have. I love talking with them, say, hey, what do you think about this? I want to talk with your, maybe if you're new and you don't know about what to post, how to post. I mean, the talk to the companies that you're working with, they'll help you out if you don't know for if you want more advice or just more, I love discussing this with a creative content, directors and, you know, hey, does this work? What do you think of this video? And like you, you check out other trending videos and or does it make sense to my audience or what we're trying to talk about or trying to promote? Because some people might make a video. It makes absolutely no sense. But so it all depends on like, I guess what the goal is, what you're trying to promote if it makes sense. Yeah, I love that very interesting. And then traveling, traveling fitness professionals, right? You can travel all over the world for fitness. Yeah, fitness is everywhere. Fitness is a part of everyone, everyday lives. Anywhere you go, you know, people can relate to that space. And so that's the great thing about it. And I've traveled the world of fitness has taken me from, you know, all the way to whether Japan, Australia, Europe. And I can still talk with people there and have business like I did seminars in Asia and just talking about the sport and growing that and my own personal brand with coaching. And so it's a great way to think outside of the box not just local and trying to really grow your brand outside while you're traveling. Nice. And what about being a gym owner or even an online coach? Yeah, online coaching is huge these days. And that's very important. It's, you know, people who want to scale, maybe they're in the gym during personal training, they want to scale it for a broad. But again, for me, I feel like it goes back to, you know, don't forget that person of person interaction is very important and getting your brand out there. I've met tons of gym owners out there and they just, they love to meet people and they make you feel like, you know what? I belong here. I wanna come work out again here. And if you want, you know, that retention rate, maybe some of you own gyms that are listening. And you wanna talk, do things for your customers, your clients, like special things, make them feel good. I once well do like a little events or contests, giveaways and those small things, you know, they take a little bit of your time, but they go a long way for making your clients feel good and a part of a community, part of something valued. Absolutely, I love that. So I wanna dig a little bit more into the brand partnership side. So I wanna just hear from Greg a little bit and then we'll circle back, because I'm sure we're gonna have a ton of questions for you, Janet. But Greg, you have a lot of insight into building brand partnerships. Obviously you guys partnered with quite a few different high-level athletes and different companies and such much like us. But Dr. is a little bit more about how people can go about getting into brand partnerships and what they should know. Yeah, absolutely. And some of you guys are starting right now on the call. I've had a lot of people asking questions about where they can sign up to become a trifecta partner, which is in our partnerships page, which is at the footer of our website. I think it's the same for the ISSA, but coming to things like this webinar or coming to things like the Mr. Olympia or the Battle of the Bodies, where they're going to be brands that are there in your specific space so that you can connect with them and start a conversation. It's the easiest way to get going and ultimately start understanding what it takes to partner with a brand. Right out of the gates, brands are obviously not going to offer to pay you a monthly stipend until you are somebody like Janet. In the beginning, they're going to say, hey, join our partnership program, get online marketing training from companies like the ISSA until you can build up a social media audience that is meaningful and a brand can partner with you for your reach. There are also other ways to engage with the brands. So, I've got a bullet point on here, going from being a creator to becoming an influencer. And I want to make sure I differentiate those two things for people because trifecta will partner with people that are not super famous yet like Janet. If they want to create what we call user-generated content so maybe it's them eating trifecta, talking about their training, their clients, et cetera, and they're shooting that on video that brands can use for things like ads. So there are a lot of other ways outside of just being famous and winning the Olympia that you can partner with a brand. But having an open mind and really reaching out to brands and asking how you can be an effective partner for them is the fastest way that the brands are gonna open up their wallets and say, wow, you're a valued partner that's bringing value to the brand and building your personal audience and your somebody that we would like to partner with. When it comes to targeting brands that improve your personal brand, I think Janet did a good job of explaining this. So for somebody like Janet, we'll do photo shoots at our studio offices where we've got a studio gym and a studio kitchen. We'll shoot ads featuring Janet that we're gonna spend millions of dollars pushing out on the internet to expand Janet's audience at the Mr. Olympia, we are the title sponsor. So we have a huge 900 square foot booth that we sit Janet at and she can meet hundreds and hundreds of fans that wanna take pictures with her. All of these things are improving Janet's personal brand. So but Tart sheep partners with brands like TriFacted because it makes sense. We're a meal prep brand. There's obviously online training brands like the ISSA or even Janet does some for own online training. There's supplement brands. All of those brands are brands that are gonna make sense for the personal training space, the gym owner space, the IFPV pro or NPC competitor space. It doesn't make sense for you to go out and partner with a tire company or a construction company. I mean, those companies are in a totally different market than what you're in. Janet is a world expert on dieting and training. It makes sense for her to partner with a meal prep company. That is the type of brand affiliation that you're looking for as you ramp up your own personal business. It's partner with brands that make sense because you're building your subject matter expertise in that particular area. And let's say, I'm totally new to fitness. I'm getting my first ISSA certification. I'm building my social media audience on YouTube and Instagram, maybe even TikTok, if I'm super creative, partnering and becoming an ISSA affiliate makes sense. You've gone through the programs yourself. You understand what's involved in them and you can talk about them with your social media audience and your clients. So pick brand partners that make sense and ones that are going to invest both dollars and effort back into you as an up-and-coming business owner. So contract structure and value add. So I mentioned a little bit of this already, but in the beginning, you're not going to find a bunch of brands that are going to write you big fat checks because you don't have a social media audience yet. So that starts by building your audience, getting in great shape yourself, getting certified in multiple things, probably online marketing, personal training, master training. A lot of the things that are going to make you a subject matter expert on whatever you want your personal brand to be about. And then at that point approaching brands and saying, hey, I know I don't have a million followers yet, but I'd love to find a way to partner with you anyway. Is there a way I can create, use regenerated content or become an affiliate or do something where I can earn my way towards becoming somebody like Janet. Because I wanted to make sure I got out there how many times Janet tried to win the Olympia before she won. Now, she gets to spend the rest of her life as somebody who won the Olympia, let it took years of hard work for her to get to the top of the pyramid. And wherever you're starting at, you're going to have to put in that step by step brick by brick work on your own brand as well as your partnerships and your education to get to the point that Janet is at. Like nursing school is not easy. Becoming an ISSA personal trainer takes work. You have to do the courses. You have to go through the process, et cetera. She did that work to achieve what she's achieved now. And then I mentioned this a bit already, but yeah, eventually that builds into additional revenue streams, affiliate programs, eventually salaries. And if you become famous enough, brands will eventually start to offer you things like stock options and other things to try and keep you around. So the journey never stops. I mean, we were joking before the show that Jay Cutler just did his fit for 50. He's a four-time Mr. Olympia. And he's 50 years old and he still is going to events. He's still meeting fans. He is a great ambassador for fitness. Arnold Schwarzenegger is 75. And he is still a great ambassador for fitness. Once you reach the top of the pyramid, keep going. Keep building. You can continue to build wealth. Your personal brand. You can give back. You can do a lot of the things that JayNet talks about. I'm always impressed at how much in the conversations I have with JayNet she's talking about helping people. That is how you make money. Get certified, get brand partners, build a social media audience. And then give back to the community. People care about you helping them. And the more people you help, the more money you will make. It's that simple. So you guys can tell us, obviously, something I'm very passionate about. But it is absolutely doable from scratch to go from just getting started to at this point, trifecta's sold over half a billion dollars worth of food. I'm just a regular guy, guys. I didn't win the Mr. Olympia. I just worked really hard and educated myself with the internet until trifecta could become a large successful brand. So you guys can absolutely do it too. It's just a matter of following the right steps and putting in the work in order to get there. I love that. And thank you guys both for bringing up the point that it is work. A lot of people out there think it just happens or that JayNet just showed up one day in the social she is. It's work. You guys should've been doing this for 10 years. And it all starts with certification. So again, for those of you guys who are not certified, that should be your first step. And then whether you use that information that you've gained from certification to work on yourself, like Greg said, good and great chef, shave yourself, use this information on yourself. Or you're ready to go start using with clients. You gotta have that certification first. It gives you absolutely the credibility to market yourself. To clients, it allows you to educate yourself and maximize your client success. It allows you to learn to sell online and build a personal brand, build a reputation. Again, it takes work and it takes time. And it allows you to connect with brands and other trainers and influencers. But you all, everybody starts with that same credential. Everybody starts there. So that's your barrier for entry guys. I love both of you guys for sharing all this information. Thank you so much. But we have some more Q&A. So don't go anywhere you two. But guys, it's time for our prize winners. We have over 320 people, 320 people here with us. So that's our eligible pool here. It is time for prize winners. So first guys, I want to call out your name, just know that if I call out your name for a prize, whatever email you registered for this event with is the email that we will shoot you an email to help you claim your prize. So we have three prizes that we're giving away while three different things. We have two ISSA specialization courses that we're giving away. Janet has so lovingly offered up a free training program. And then we have two Tri-Factor $200 meal prep gift cards from Greg that we're giving away. All right. So let's start off with our two specialization courses from here at ISSA. Our first winner is Cody Skonewn. Cody Skonewn. Congratulations Cody around the applause. Our second winner is Sarah Silvera. Sarah Silvera. Two winners for the ISSA special congratulations, you guys. Are we getting an email with how to claim those? All right. There's a big one. The free training program with Janet. Our winner is, I believe it's Jennifer Riel. I think your name is in their backwards. So Janet, for me. Hey, congratulations. So Jennifer, we reached out to you. And then all right, here we go. Our $2, $200 trifecta meal prep gift cards. I want to win one of these. Can I put my name in there? Greg, we need to talk. One, two, one, two, one. So this guy, our first one is going to be Jesse Meyer. Jesse Meyer, congratulations, Jesse. And our second and final winner, guys. So the last trifecta gift card is going to be Alexandra Mori, Alexandra Mori, congratulations. Congratulations. Congratulations. So we do it. We're here. Everybody's a winner, though. So we do have some offers for all of you guys. We will be setting on an email. So you don't have to try and jot these all down. But for you, people that are interested in getting certified. If you're ready to start that process and take that first step, like Greg was talking about, we have a discount code for you guys. Use the code traffic to $200. And you will get $200 off of our fitness coach program, which is the personal training certification, plus one additional specialization of your choice. And we had plenty to choose from. For people that are already certified and are looking to continue their education and keep that knowledge going, we have $100 off of the specialization of your choice. Using the code traffic to $100. And then also, we have a deal for trifecta as well. You guys, hey, 40, 40, 40% off of your first trifecta meal order. Use the code ISSA on the trifecta website. So Greg, thank you for that discount code, buddy. Absolutely. Wow, congratulations. This was available like 10 years ago. Right? I know everybody loves a good sale and a good discount, I'm just saying. OK. So I don't believe those up on the screen for you guys if you haven't got them down, but we'll be sending on an email with that. But now it's time to get to your questions. So I do have a couple questions. Janet, Greg, because I'm most likely going to be for you. So the first question is, are there any particular courses that you would recommend taking to accelerate your business in the beginning? Janet, I'll give that one to you. Any particular courses or education to grow your business? Absolutely. I mean, I think the key to growing your business, you have to be open to learning and to so many avenues. So there's so many things that you can learn for your business of running the business, the niche of your business, if that's personal training, or if it's more on the nutrition side, died into any, I mean, there's lots of free information on the web. But if there's classes courses that you can take, sign up do it because for me, I'm like, every day I'm always reading and trying to learn, I always like researching people, like, what are you doing? They think I'm like, screwing. So I'm like, actually, learning reading because I think it's a valuable thing to continue growing yourself as a brand, but with the knowledge and research. And everything's changing these things. So you've got to stay up with the latest and greatest. I love that. I'm thinking of staying up with the trends. Someone else asked, how do you keep on top of trends, especially when it comes to posting on your social media, staying current, how do you keep up with all that? Yeah, you gotta stay involved on social media. You gotta kind of keep up with everything. What's the newest and the latest? How can you incorporate that new trend with your brand? And does it make sense to do that, too? Cause maybe sometimes it doesn't. Like, but when the new trends pop up, you have to say, okay, if it fits my brand, can we do this? How can we like maybe tweak it, get more creative with it, more innovative? And but that's exciting. Play off it, see how it does, whether it works. Okay, good. Go with it. If it doesn't, then you try it. And you at least try doing it and see if it works or not. Absolutely. And would you agree that for Greg too, because it has to do with the nutrition space and understanding what clients want, would you guys say that it's important to stay up with like industry publications and different magazines? And like all of that, not just social media, right? But there's a lot of other educational material and industry publications that are out there. Would you guys agree with that? Yes, absolutely. And I mean, courses for me, I would say, I know you guys have a marketing and search engine optimization course on ISSA. You guys have, you guys have a lot of internet marketing courses that I would say are very different than like personal training courses, but very critical as well. It's not just a matter of becoming a trainer. It's understanding how to market and build your brand as a trainer. So don't just stick to the science. Also understand the business aspect as well. And then yeah, to hear the other part of your question about trends, et cetera, from a not famous person, like Janet, I have to spend a lot of time. And our team spends a lot of time very in detail understanding and researching posts on social media. So we're looking at what type of content are people posting that we want to emulate? What is the lighting in their posts look like? Is the person head to toe? If it's a recipe post, like what are the key elements of the posts? Like break it down, step by step in a very detailed way. So that you can much better understand the trend. You know, other than just trying to do the ice bucket challenge or the milk crate challenge or whatever in particular is trending on social media. So really get into the details when it comes to either online marketing trends or any of these things. I saw a lot of questions about this in the questions. Like it is a skill, just like dieting or body building to market on the internet and to do social media. Just practice the skill and study what other people are doing. And you'll be able to understand how to really get high engagement and start to build a brand yourself on social media. I love that. You got to have been a lot of questions about education and things to do. I love that. There was another question. Do you feel that to be a successful trainer and coach? You should have a bachelor's degree in business or exercise science. As somebody who has a bachelor's degree in zoology and a master's degree in human resources and as a successful trainer of 14 years I can tell you that you don't have to have that. Especially if you're older guys, not everybody wants to go back to school for that. And Janet, your degree, your education initially wasn't nursing. Right? Nothing to do with exercise science. No, I didn't. And I even tell people who are in the health field as well. Like you're in the health field. So you know the science. You went to school for that. But you definitely need to learn the business aspect if you're going to go off and have your own brand with that. But you can, there's lots of research you can do and lots of certification courses that you can do. But you don't necessarily have to have a degree in it. Absolutely. Janet, there's a couple of questions that I know we're running over guys, but you guys have some great questions. So I want to get them out. Janet, somebody ask, well, it would be your number one piece of advice for first time competitor. Oh, I know this is like, I believe I know it sounds very cliche, but if, if no, if you're not believing in yourself, who else is? Your belief drives you to continue to push yourself, to keep moving, to get up every day without your alarm going off, to get the work done. You have to believe that you can do it to carry yourself through and finish to the end. Even in business, you have to believe in yourself. And as a competitor, there's many times where, you know, I wasn't winning. I was not placing where I wanted to. And that's very discouraging. It could send someone, you know, to maybe like give up the whole idea. But as long as that belief carries in you, you know that you can, you know, if you've got to put in the work, of course, to make the changes, but that belief will carry you so far. Absolutely. And I would piggyback off of that as a competitor myself, a 14 years and I've done what 28 shows now. So not as many as Janet, but I've done much of our shows. My advice would be find people who know what they're doing. And go with them, right? And like ask questions, not necessarily follow them or do what they're doing, but ask questions. Right? So there's a question how do you get started in competing? Ask people in your area, ask prep coaches in your area or Google it. That's how I got into my first competition. I googled it. Bodybuilding shows in Arizona. I popped up and I did my very first show all by myself. Right? But get with people. Yeah. And to add to that, like a lot of people who don't know, you know, what coach to go with or they don't really know what to do. And I always say, do your research. If it makes sense to you do it. If it doesn't, and if you're questioning it, it's not for you. You know, the last thing you want to do is dive into something that you don't, you're not really knowledgeable about and you then you get yourself caught up in something that you're like, whoa, what am I doing here? Always do your research and make sure it aligns like with what your goals are. And you know, if you feel good about it, do it. Love that. Let's do one more guys. I actually really like this question. I love you from both of you. Somebody asks, what advice can you give to someone who's not outgoing? Right? So if they're not like the Robotshire or type, what advice would you give them to get started, get clients, get brand partnerships, etc. For me, Janet can give her perspective too, but I would say focus on online. You know, you can build a very successful online business as a trainer and, you know, an entrepreneur without, you know, necessarily going to anything. But the, the other thing I would encourage whoever asks this question on is, you know, everybody has their doubts about themselves. I mean, to Janet's point about belief, like momentum builds momentum. So when you go to your first show or even going to the gym and meeting other regular gym goers, you're going to build more and more confidence and become more and more outgoing. It doesn't matter if you're an introvert. You can absolutely succeed in this business and, you know, you can focus on digital and, you know, building your confidence over time. That, that would be my two cents. That's a great question because for me, I would say I was always more shy and the less outgoing. And I was always like, well, you know, if I want to do something successful, like, you know, what are the steps that I need to get there. But it wasn't really my focus to be like, how can I be more outgoing. But that kind of just came naturally just like, you know, if I want to work with people, if I want to help people, I kind of have to know about them. I have to do this. So it was more like pushing myself to just get out there, even though I personally wasn't the most outgoing. And, you know, I didn't feel so comfortable, you know, reaching out to people or talking to people, but now I talk to thousands and hundreds of people. You know, going to events, hundreds of people, and I learned so much about them. So then I realized, like, wow, this is like an important tool. And so just kind of, instead of switching to think of, well, I want to be more outgoing. It's more of like, well, I want to do more from my business. And if this is something I need to do and get myself pushed myself to talk to people, learn about them, and that brings value. I love that. Yeah, I would say, yeah, be yourself like be authentic to yourself. And that's you. That's you. But be an expert above all, right? You don't have to be outgoing to be an expert. But if you share knowledge and like, just help people and like Greg said, you can get out there and do what you need to do. Then you'll, you'll do what you need to do. You'll build your business and you don't have to be a certain way to be successful. So I love that question. I think that was a great one to end on you guys. Well, Janet, Greg, thank you guys so much for joining us today and sharing all of this. Information. This has been a really good time. Thanks for having me. Thank you guys so much for tuning in. And this was awesome. Hopefully these, these nuggets and advice will help you guys succeed in the fitness space. It's, there's so much to be had. Yeah, absolutely big big thank you to the ISSA and Janet for joining as well. Yes, and thank you guys all for being here. This has been a blast. Thank you so much for joining us. Keep an eye out for the email in this recording. But hey, we hope you guys have a great day. Go eat some good food. Check out Tri-Fect in nutrition and check out Janet. If you're down in Florida, go check her out for her NPC show in September. Thanks guys.