Well, hello everyone. Look at you guys, chomping at the vet ready to go. I love it. Welcome in. We are going to get started in just a moment here. We'll give it like a minute or two and let everyone that's going to join us. Join us. Hello everyone. Hi. Hi. Welcome. Welcome to our session today. And then we're keep going up and up and up. Welcome everybody. Welcome to our session today. So if you're just joining us, give us just a minute. And then we'll get started here. We want to make sure we give everybody an ample time to log in. So you don't miss anything. Nice. Hi Katie. I Katie. We're excited to see you. As they help coach, I know that you can get us hello. It's super exciting to have you guys all here. Yep. Representing. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Super excited to have you guys all here. Yep. Represent. We'll love it. Hi. Oh my gosh. So many people. Where is everyone in from? I know. Yes. Tell us in the chat where you're in. Amanda. I'm going to have to put you down. That's a whole feet. Hey. Oh my gosh. Love it. All over the place. Can't. I represent. Can't. I do always in the house. Marilyn the Caribbean. Love it. I'm excited. I just said lots of Texas in here. Wow. And it's so awesome. London, Canada, love it. Yes. Welcome everybody. All right. Let's go ahead and dive on in. Keep those things coming in the chat. Letting us know where you are tuning in from so excited to have you guys here. We're a little talking. We will introduce ourselves in just a moment. But thank you so much for joining us for our webinar today. We're talking about taking your passion for yoga and turning it into a career. This is possible. We have what that somebody can absolutely tell you guys the ins and outs of the industry. So I'm super excited. But first I would love it to introduce ourselves really quick. So you've had no that way. You're speaking with before we dive in today. My name is Jenny Scott. I'm a senior content developer here with ISSA. I'm rocking on my allow gear today. But what that means is I actually develop and create a lot of the courses that ISSA puts out. And it looks like from the chat a lot of you guys have gone through our courses. Some of the names I actually recognize from one of the boot camp or other webinars that we've done. So welcome back. Everybody who this is your first time on an ISSA webinar. Welcome. You're in for a good time. Who's going to be fun. Not only do I work with ISSA, you guys going to do on a point out I am an active personal trainer and nutrition coach. I've been doing this for 14 years. I have private clients. I have online clients and I do youth and college strength and conditioning. So this is something that I love. I love fitness. I love I have a passion for everything helping wellness. And yoga is actually something that I practice regularly. I am a Sunday yoga goer. This week I'm going on Saturday. I will be a yoga person. So I'm super excited to be talking to you guys about this. And with me, I have a beautiful angel this stand and angel introduced yourself. Hi, everyone. I'm Angel. I am a. E. R. Y. T. 500 hour yoga teacher. I've taught yoga for over a decade. Um, taught internationally taught bachelor arts. And I'm going to go to a lecture in the lecture and study with myself. And I teach myself, I'm going to study with myself. And I'm going to study with myself. I teach a curiosity based practice in yoga and in life. And yeah, that's who I am. And then just real quick, Jonathan, you're saying you're seeing you're seeing you're seeing you were you would use. I would say yes because it's such a beautiful practice. And it opens up like a whole world of possibilities. But that is who I am. Absolutely. Absolutely. I agree with that to Jonathan. Yes, what was talk about a lot of things that you can use the old before in some ways that you can use it. You don't have to necessarily become a teacher right and so we'll talk about a lot of that stuff today. So welcome everyone again. Thank you so much for joining us. Got a little agenda here for you guys. We are going to be covering a lot today. So first and foremost, we're going to talk about what you need to know to become a yoga teacher right to get certified in yoga. What's the process. So we'll break that down for you guys. We'll talk to you guys about what you'll learn through a 200 hour online yoga teacher training course, which is what we offer and 200 hours. It's a lot of hours. But it's a lot of information that you're going to get to fully prepare to use all of this content. We'll talk about insights from our professional yoga this angel hearing. We'll be guys some great insights into the career and what she's been able to do with her career as a yoga professional. And then we've also got some amazing giveaways at the end. So make sure you guys stick around from our tools. Some amazing giveaways that we have for you guys. We're going randomly slept people from the attendees list. So make sure you stay here all going to the end to be a part of that. Make sure you guys obviously you guys know the chat is open. So please put your questions in the chat communicate with each other. Have fun with it. If you guys have specific questions from me and angel the best place to put those is going to be in the queue and a. So everybody down at the bottom of your screen. You should have a link for Q and A if you click on that. That's going to be the best place to throw your questions. So the at the end of the session will be open enough for questions. We can find those there. Right. But again chat and don't feel free to use it guys. We love it. So let's go ahead and dive on in. But before we talk. Let's talk about. Allow moves giveaways. Okay. Make sure you hang out with us till the end for your chance to win some of these prizes. We have 15 prizes guys right now. There's just a 90 of you here awesome. We have 15 prizes that we randomly selecting winners for and you must be present to win. So we'll be giving away a five. Allow, glory, your max. So self for 128 bucks. We have five. Allow uplifting yoga blocks, which goes for about 28 dollars and get this guys. We have five 12 month membership to allow moves, which are about 200 dollars a year. So we're going to be giving five of each of those away. So stay put. Okay. One thing to know about allom moves. It's a really cool platform that gives you access to anything yoga. Plotty is bar hit drink training, meditation, self care. So much more. And it's online and in app forms. So really cool members have to do guys are going to get access to just for being a part of this with us. Right. Now before we dive into yoga. I want to tell you guys a little bit about I asked to say it looks like quite a few guys are familiar with us. So we will. I love that. Keep it going. Well, for those of you guys we don't know, know. First and foremost, I Suzyія has certified more fitness and wellness professionals than anyone else in the industry and I'm not just saying that it's numbers guys, it's proven. Okay, we started in 1988. And our mission, positioned has always been to connect more people with wellness and healthy living year after year. We currently offer more certifications than any other organization as well as of today. We have more than 50 certifications that we offer. a lot of somebody guys are talking about you take a 10 and 12, but that's not possible anymore. Impressive. Yeah. There's so much here. We have a huge library of continuing education courses as well, covering everything from specific nutrition topics, to special population, and health condition, and even specialized training techniques like yoga. Okay? But lots to know. And I have to mention, we also offer more support to our students that you'll find anywhere else. Everyone of our students gets access to their burial and student success team. That's a team of certified professionals who are available to answer any question that you have as you learn and begin your career. So not just during the education process, but even after you've finished and you're out there in the world working. Our students also have access to several online spaces for support and community. We have live instructor-led sessions for many of our courses as well. We really do have a well-rounded process for our students and we're super excited to be able to offer that to you guys. And take it from somebody like me who back 14 years ago when I got certified, they handed me a book and said, good luck. We've come a long way. So so much that we offer for you guys. I want to make sure that you know that. Our courses extend beyond just personal training courses into things like yoga, which we'll talk about today, nutrition, health coaching, and specialized training, like I mentioned. We have a growing portfolio of friends. So we're not just making everything I have to say. We're acquiring a lot of different brands you guys, like NCCCPT, the functional aging Institute is a new one and a lot more to come from that one. And even things like revolution running in and our collaboration with yoga 200. And I'm going to chance to introduce you to some of the instructors that help us help us build yoga 200, including Intel here. So you guys will get to know a little bit more about them as well. And finally guys, we offer you accredited, recognized certification programs, no matter where you're at in your career. And we'll talk a little bit more about the accreditation for yoga in the coming years. All right. Now, when you become certified as a yoga professional, you get to do what you love and you have the opportunity to make money while you do it. Okay. As a fitness professional, again, a 14 years you guys, I can tell you honestly, there's nothing better than doing something that you love every day and getting paid for it. Because there's a lot of people in the world that don't like what they do. They might like the paycheck, but they don't love what they do. And if you can have both guys, you're in the right spot. With yoga, you guys get a chance to share the benefits of yoga with your students or your athletes or whoever it is that you're working with. Okay. You can share all the benefits. You can expand and deepen your own yoga practice as well. So for those of you who don't really want to teach yoga, this is for you too. Okay. You can use this for yourself. It's an a chance to experience personal growth as you learn, teach and then lighten not only yourself, but others. You'll have the opportunity to teach you, though, with a flexible schedule and several formats, which Angel will talk to us more about coming up here shortly. And guys, you get to become your own boss. I'm sure for the worship is real. Okay. This is an opportunity for you to become your own boss if you choose to make it a career. And there's many ways that you can teach the yoga practice and the best part is, it's all up to you. Okay. So lots of opportunity here. Now I'm going to turn the stage over to Angel, so she can give you some insights into a career as a yoga professional. Angel, take it away. Thank you. So welcome everybody. I know that if you're here, then you are interested in thinking about, like, how would you benefit from adding yoga to your practice? And I think just on a physical level, the more knowledge that you have of your body, the better. And I think the yoga practice is complimentary to every other movement modality that you can have. So I also wait left. I also one of my teachers that I teach risk. He's a marathon runner. Other people go to Ironman's. But the yoga practice is a really beautiful sort of touchstone for the rest of your, of your, like, life movement practices. So I do think that knowledge is never wasted. And once you start deepening your practice and your understanding of the body, then you start to be able to take it out into the world. And then the whole world just becomes available to you and the possibilities really become endless. And through this course, we teach you how to how to maximize your yoga training, everything there on the bullet points. We teach you how to plan and prepare for your classes so that you can make it very unique to you. And then when you have this information through the 200 hour, you can cater to exactly whatever body that you are teaching to, which I think makes you so valuable across the board to every single body that you come across. And then Josh Animal Flow, yes, wonderful. I love animal flow. And I got into Animal Flow after having a 200 hour base of knowledge. And this is really in depth and it teaches you so much about the body. So again, when you go out from this foundational place into the rest of the movement world and the wellness world. You, you can show up. I think a lot more confidence because of the amount of knowledge that this gives you. So we're also going to cover. And the importance of holistic fitness, like I said, and being able to match it with anything else will give you tips on starting your career through this 200 hour. And how to create a following, which is really fun, but creating a following is more about you showing up as you like your most empowered and educated self. In this yoga practice and just being like, this is what I know. This is what I have to offer. And the people who understand what you are saying in the way that you are saying it will be very drawn to you. And that is when the world starts to open up. So I'm super excited to share this like 200 hour with you because I really do think it sets you up wonderfully for success and the possibilities are just truly endless. So speaking of capabilities here, angel, let's say I want to go. And by the way, I want to revisit what you just said about like the way that you say things as a yoga instructor, you and I have had lots of conversations. We actually know each other, decently well. And she has said that she's one of the yoga instructors. I want you to expand on this before we move on. But you say things to your students like the way that you present and the way you teach your students. Some people like it and some people don't. Right. Doctors were about that. Okay. So the yoga people that I know with the biggest followings, if that's your goal, are very polarizing. And they're polarizing because they teach so specifically they're not for everyone and the goal is to not be for everyone. The goal is to have the thing that you can't not share. And then have the modality through which to share it. And for me, I cannot not share empowerment. And I cannot not teach you about the thing inside of yourself that is incredible and has so much potential for strength. I cannot not do that. And yoga is the vehicle through which I'm able to like encourage other people and speak to other people. So I think when you're coming into this training and you're coming into do I want to be a yoga teacher. What do you want to share. And how can you do that? And then once you have that, then all of these things open up to you international travel or sure I've taught all over the place trying to Switzerland, Mexico of course, and then domestically. You can create your own yoga brand, but I do I will also say that. Don't even think about your own yoga brand until you have the thing that you cannot not share with it. You once you find that again everything also opens up. Yoga for special populations Peter you said you had a hip replacement done in February. That's very simple to incorporate into the training because the training is not can you put both legs behind your head now that you have a new hip. The training is how does the like hip capsule fit into the acetablin and what is the actual movement possibility in there. What are the modifications that we can make for you because everybody should be able to do yoga and if you're a yoga teacher. You should be able to facilitate that and this program is designed to give you as much information as possible so that you can find that within yourself and have so many possibilities with which to express that. So you'll be able to find your niche. Again, yoga for special populations hip replacements I've worked with people that have had like bulging discs L4 L5 is out I've had people with neck issues shoulder issues if you understand the body there's a way to work with any injury. I've taught chair yoga I've taught like breath work I've taught leg only yoga there's also bed yoga anything again find the thing that you cannot not share and then anyone's restriction just becomes another possibility. So so much to know you guys if there are a lot of opportunities again we mentioned working with athletes there's a great way to work with athletes when you're yoga so for those of you guys again you don't play on teaching it we want to make sure that you know that there are possibilities. Now we started to play on real quickly Amanda you're saying would you have to get a different or specific certification to work with kids with disability. I would say this would provide a really good base of knowledge but then you wouldn't need a different certification but you might want to just practice with a lot of children or get a little bit more information in that vein but you would not need a different certification because this 200 hour would cover that. Thank you often. So I was too shy to go into a studio because I felt incapable for other reasons but I felt very incapable so I was too shy to go into a studio and. I practiced by myself in my house for a little while so and then I went straight from my practicing by myself in my house to taking a teacher training. So I do think that it is useful to have an established yoga practice before you start but the quality of information in here is such that you can start with nothing but obviously when you start getting into it I'm a super big believer in practicing what you preach. So if you're going to teach yoga please have a yoga practice you don't need to have one right now but let it develop get curious about it. Yeah, I love that and it's really you guys the reason for that is because yoga is such a deep practice that you really want to experience it for yourself. Things like resistance training nutrition coaching us for running group fitness classes for example. I don't have this same expectation but hopefully people have experienced what they're teaching others to do practice what you preach right and I know like a lot of you guys based on the comments and seeing so far child is a professional athlete like a lot of you guys are living what you're teaching other people and that is because we lead by. Yeah, we lead by example so having the experience of teaching these things or being a part of this practice it's super beneficial. When you complete the certification course in particular a 200 hour teacher training is what we're discussing today it's literally 200 hours between the materials for the videos the reading the activity. I don't leave anything to chance so we want you to know everything that you need to know including the history of yoga of course the yoga poses let's know brighter not a teach it and so much more right there's a lot more that goes into a yoga course and we'll talk about those things and detail coming up here. The depth of this course is what makes a 200 hour certification stand out for you as the learner and also for your potential employers. Your employers are going to be looking for this now angel can you say a few words about that about potential employees looking for specifically and a credit or 200 hour certification. Yes, first of all Michael yes your name is showing. Secondly for the 200 hour yes when I was just starting out and trying to get into different studios most studios and when I say most I mean like 97% will ask that your certificate be a 200 hour our YS. Because there is a level of information and there's a level of knowledge that is required through a 200 hour teacher training and they just want to make sure that you got all of that because some of these other certifications that don't have a 200 hour. And they might be 200 hour as far as the longevity of it, but if they're not a registered yoga school, they have they can do different things they can not teach you about anatomy as in depth or they can not teach you about sutras as in depth. So I think. As I was like trying to get hired it was so useful everyone asked where's your 200 hour certification ROS and I had it and that opened a lot of doors so it is very useful. Perfect and carries said yeah Elizabeth your name is still correct. Yes, yes, yeah carries that image that the studios that they would have only only hire 200 hour our way so that's why you're here that's awesome. And I think that's a very important thing that you've already experienced now once you're certified to you guys with a 200 hour certification like this that's accredited you have the opportunity to register with yoga Alliance. And this is the in there the industry leaders it upholding ethics in yoga instruction course framework and standards and that's key they accredited the process that you go through not the material. So we're going to help make sure that everyone learns safe and highly effective and quality material okay quality information but that you're also making sure that you're learning enough information like angels that you're not missing anything. And it's all about equitable teaching in yoga membership, including benefits like there's online workshops with yoga Alliance they have an online directory and you become visible in that directory so people are looking for yoga instructors whether it's individuals or employers they can find you. Lots of community engagement community meetups online resources and there's perks and discounts on yoga products and things like that as well so who doesn't love this count I love a movie. Angel what are some of the other benefits of you know why you know. I think that is really the main one it's just it's a language that everybody speaks and yes the yoga Alliance accredited is in Canada so the yoga 200 our way us it's really across the board in the yoga world so if I'm going to a. Yoga Shala in Cambodia I can show them I have my 200 hour and I have my 500 hour our YS and they know exactly what that means every yoga studio will for the most part globally understand what that means and so it just gives you an immediate sort of understanding between you and the person you're talking to of how much knowledge you have as your base. Perfect yes and then last night we've got to get out there you got to start teaching an angel can you practice all about that there are no wrong place for teaching you're right. No you really that's the hardest part is that after you have all this knowledge then you have to just stumble over your own words stumble over your own feet be teaching a pose and fall out of it in front of everyone. That will be the hardest part and it's useful to know that because then when you get to that point and you're like this is so hard that's normal but just get out there do it as much as you can. And there is again there's no wrong thing I would teach for those of you in Texas I taught in Austin at Silk or Park. I would do just like a evening flow and then we play volleyball and I did that and it helped me get like the stumble over my words out and that's really you just want to see yourself improve and the more you do it the more your own proof so get out there improve start improving as soon as possible fail fast and then you'll rise fast as well. And fail forward and you have a little bit of that. I used to go with my college athletes all the time and guys they get so excited when I tell them it's a yoga day they love it. So of course we've given you guys quite a bit of information so far so those of you guys who have maybe been on the fence about is this right from you or not. Really we don't want you to question this we don't want you to wonder if this course is for you the answer is yes. How you want to go about this or how you want to use this the answer is yes. The yoga 200 courses designed to give you a well-rounded and thorough approach to yoga instruction and how long you've been practicing. Okay, you get to take your passion that you have for yoga or fitness in general you guys this is aspect of fitness for those of you guys who are new to this and mindfulness and turn it into a career or addict to what you're already doing. And it's even great for those of you who are just looking to deepen your own personal yoga practice with no intention of teaching others. Okay, so there's really no like angels that before there's no wrong answer here. They're really busy. So I want to make take some today real quick and introduce you guys to a few of the yoga professionals who instruct this amazing course one of whom is on this call today and not only did they instruct this course these five people that I'm going to talk about here in just a second they all had an integral role in putting this course together. They're all also still involved with this course. Hence by angels here Alex teaches our live courses and such. So there's lots of different people involved in this and they're also actively involved in it. So Angel we heard a little bit from this amazing human earlier, but she's a mental health advocate and yoga teacher of cult survivor, a storyteller and the creator of the process by Angel. And she mentioned before that she's an E R Y T 500. But guys she has over 20,000 hours. It's a construction. That's a jake. But with the album, how many years of straight of instruction in that? That's crazy. Okay, so there's lots of different things that she's done and it's tons of time that she's put into this and the career. We have Andrew Cealy. He completed 200 hour yoga teacher training at the yoga center in San Luis of Biscoe. And his path of health and education continue him with high honors for graduation from the Institute for Integrative Nutrition. So he moved on to some other aspects of wellness as well. He finds joy and interviewing yogis from all walks of life and sharing their inspiring stories on his yoga revealed podcast. So he's still out there and I love his podcast by the way, super fun yoga revealed as well. It's called if you get a chance to check it out. We have Alex, our team yet on the right there. Alex actually teaches. Our live sessions will talk more about those with this course. There are live instructional sessions. Alex teaches imagery of those. And he's a yoga meditation and breath work teacher based out of Santa Monica, California. And since first teaching his first class in 2011, he's chosen to dedicate his life to studying yoga and his top over 5,000 classes as well. So he's right up there with angel as far as experience and actually teaching others. He's like retreats around the world and lectured on yoga philosophy and meditation in many many teacher trainings including this one. Buddy is awesome. Buddy is also by the way, Alex and buddy is both in our podcast. They're super fun. Buddy is a hoot. He is a force of nature and a micro influencer in the world of fitness and self empowerment. His career has spanned over two decades from being a personal trainer, a body worker and a group fitness instructor. He actually currently still teaching yoga straight training, cycling, rippy and meditation and sound. And California and angel works with him quite often as well. And then we have Vasu who is a big part of this course. He was born and raised born in New York and raised all over the world. If he likes to say, and he's been practicing the mind-body medicinal practices and lifestyle since 2011. So some really experienced professionals that are here with you. Angel, do you want to say anything about any of these guys that you're most involved with? So I know Alex and buddy. Alex and I actually used to teach together a back in like 2017. We taught at the same studio here in Santa Monica. And then I moved. I did some work with a football team and he stayed and then we ended up. Do now also teach together at the same studio again. It's a different studio, but we ended up teaching together again, which is wonderful. He's a great human being. And then I know buddy from one of the studios another studio here in West Hollywood. So they're all really, really lovely human beings. And I think they have so much valuable information that they're very generous with in this in this program. I agree. Yeah, and the opposite things slightly differently, which is cool. Yeah. All right. So let me tell you guys a little bit more about the yoga 200-hour course. Okay. This, your teacher training journey starts here. This is a comprehensive course. Again, there's over 200 hours worth of content. There's 30 hours of video lectures, two different guidebooks that are included, the normal manual and the Asana guidebook. We give you everything that you can need and there's a question just recently in the chat what styles of yoga will you be teaching? This course prepares you to teach Hatha and Vinyasah style yoga classes. Okay. So Hatha and Vinyasah are specifically what we cover. There's so many more you guys. And if we try to include all styles of yoga, it's a lot of information and be the book would be 9,000 pages. Okay. So we just focused on those two, which are commonly taught. This isn't a credited program you guys. Can't stress that enough. It's rare to, and I trust me, you can look it out. It's rare to find online RYS registered yoga schools with the yoga Alliance. We are one of them. Okay. Which means everything that you do can be completely online and it still qualifies to make you eligible to register with yoga Alliance. It's an interactive program too. We have live weekly virtual study sessions that are available for you guys. They're recorded too. So if you can't make the live sessions, Alex and the crew that teaches those classes record them and then they post them online. So you can go back and rewatch them later. Again, did you chance to ask questions to get feedback while you're learning? And of course, it's trusted because it's powered by the money and only I asked that say we've been in the industry for over 30 years. Guys, and again, we have more certified professionals than any other organization out there. My favorite part though is that it's flexible. You get to study at your own pace because it's 100% online, including the certification exam, which means you can study and take your test from anywhere at any time. And those of you guys who have been with ISSA before you know about that flexibility, right? So that you can absolutely do what you need to do handle your life and then move back into your course as you see fit. Okay. Of course, we offer tremendous support. I mentioned it at the top of the hour. I'm a limited access to your dedicated success team through phone chat or email. It's the same thing as what's the exam like. It's a multiple choice exam. It doesn't mean it's easy. If somebody thinks of multiple choice exam is easy, you've not taken one of ours. And so I think you've been blind guys. I was like the status because I teach our material. Think about the purpose of an exam is it's a tester knowledge and make sure you know what you're doing. But it's all multiple choice. No essays or anything like that. No live experience or videos that you have to send there anything. And it's simple. Okay. So with that online exam, you can take it anywhere cool. Good question. We'll have money back here and see you can purchase with confidence. If you don't get a job with this, we will refund your money. Okay. Essentially is what ISSA backs up pretty much all of our courses with. And it's mindful. We actually start every single week or module of the course with meditations for you to clear your brain and prepare for a learning. I think that's pretty cool and unique and they're usually led by Alex. And then of course we have expertise. I told you all the people involved in creating this course. Those five amazing instructors, the people who developed on the content and put it all together for you. I'm one of them, so I'm not just personal. But we have created quite the program for you guys. Okay. There's a question for Christina about using the GI bill. Let me get back to that because I think we can do that. So let me clarify for that and I will get you to answer at the end. I'll let you answer at the end here. All right. So let's go through a little bit. I told you I'm going depth about the curriculum. What you're going to learn. Let's talk about some details here guys. This curriculum means no stir it's known unturned. All right. We talk about teaching and cueing principles, right. So teaching yoga but also cueing your clients lots of different ways you can do that. Sequiting posing for a cohesive yoga flow. Of course we talk about anatomy and physiology so that no matter what your background is, you'll have all the foundational information that you need to be successful. We talk about meditation and propaneama, which is also breathing as well as we refer to it as breathing is super important. That's a big part of your yoga practice. We talk about the history and philosophies of yoga. We talk about ethics for yoga professionals. This is going to be super important, especially as it comes to building your business. We're really big. I asked you say about including business and ethics and a lot of that into all of our certifications and those who are taking them with us before you see this. We talk about a lot of professional development speaking of and angel talk a little bit more about that coming up here. But professional development, it's not just about getting certified in them being like, oh, here you go. Go out there and find a job. We're going to teach you how to do all the things that you need to do to grow. We talk about the asanas that yoga posture is, you have to learn those. You'll actually get to practice a signature foundational yoga practice with 37 different poses multiple times throughout the course. Each time we show it, we actually take you through different aspects of the flow. It's pretty cool when we get might be focusing on your gaze. The next week is on Qing. So we could some foot placement, etc. We go through it several times so you'll be able to learn it thoroughly and understand all aspects of the flow. And then we do talk about step by step guides for getting started. This is part of business development creating your resume, auditioning for your yoga teaching job for those of you who are going to go out there and work, Creating your class style and even sequencing your classes. Okay, so there's a lot here. Anything you want to add on this before we go forward, Indo. I would say that the signature foundational class Alex and I created together and so it is very intentional to try and give you as much information as possible, surrounding how to best teach each posture. What each posture is for and how you can modify it. So we built it together over the course of like a little bit of time and we just wanted to get as much stuff in there as possible. So you do of course get the anatomy, the meditation and everything like that, but having a base practice, a structure and an understanding of 37 different postures. You can mix that up in so many ways and say things with confidence because we give you so much information about those 37 postures and that also sets you up to understand hundreds more. So absolutely, and carry that investment in chat here teaching the same flow from multiple focuses pretty genius. I agree. I agree. So yes, we want to help you guys warm this in any way possible. Everybody learns slightly differently guys. So we do present quite a bit of information in presented in different ways. All right, so that's a sneak peek into what you'll learn. Now I'm going to share with you guys next about the different bundles, the way that you can go about this course. Okay, we offer different bundles because again, everybody's aim. All of you guys here, your aim on how you want to use this maybe slightly different. So on the left, we have our yoga 200 teacher bundles. This is our base package and it gets you all the fun, the fundamental information that you need about becoming a yoga instructor. So you'll get the yoga 200 course. We also include your CPR and an ED, you're welcome. And for those of you who already have it, you can hold on to it and use it when you need to renew in a couple years. You're welcome. Okay, and then of course you get the weekly virtual study studios included as part of the course. So if you're a judge here to get yoga and you've got everything else handled, this is your jam. All right, in the middle we have our elite package. This is actually our most popular, especially for people that maybe aren't in the industry yet, but are ready to get into it. Okay, notice nowhere in here, do we talk about the personal training certification? Because not everybody who does yoga wants to be a personal trainer. Okay, but we do offer that as well to say it. The elite bundle has everything that you need for yoga, your CPR and the weekly study sessions, but we're also throwing in nutritionists and online coach. So you have everything that you need to know about nutrition and helping people to hold that in for their fitness goals. Super important, but also how to take your business online. Okay, you can teach you that online you guys and this is a great way to get started with it. Then we also offer for my over cheaters out there loop loop throw it up. We've got the master bundle. Okay, this is includes everything from mail. So the yoga 200 your CPR, the weekly sessions nutrition and online. Also adding in exercise recovery specialist. This course is near and dear to my heart you guys. I helped contribute to this in a couple years ago. Everyone needs to learn how to recover better from stress and exercise. Okay, that's what this course is 100% about. We have the transformation specialist, which is all about the psychology, the mind work around making behavior changes. Hi, I thought yeah. And then the glute specialist and not only because I was actually the primary contributor writing this course, so I know all about me call me the glute queen over here. But Angel, tell us a little bit why yes from a white my gosh. I was so happy to see glute specialist in there because a lot of people come to yoga because of lower back pain. And this is just something that so many of us experience lower back pain and they come into yoga and sometimes the yoga makes it worse. And the reason because the reason why is because there's a lack of understanding surrounding the glutes. So the glutes being the biggest muscle group in the body. If you have a weak lower back that immediately tells me that you are not understanding your glutes and their situation. In the body. So I think this glute specialist is so important. And we do touch on that a little bit in the 200 hour, but I think having a like committed blocks to understanding the glute is really important and very beneficial to your yoga practice. So I'm super glad to see that in there for sure. Yes, and I'm so excited to hear people using glutes and sort of communication for more than just having a nicer looking booty. Yes, who doesn't want a better looking butt, but I'm just saying it is functional too. Yes. Yes, and exactly. Thank you. It's so helpful. Yeah, and Katie and Niren had questions in the chat. I'm going to find out the exact answer for you guys and make sure to report back. If some of you guys are certified already in some of the certifications included in the elite or the master bundle. I do believe it's not that much of an issue on our side. Let me double check though. I do believe you can trade out the one that you already have with something else. So let me confirm that and then I will get back to you guys. All right, so if you're already certified in some of these and you want to do for example, the master bundle, we should be able to change out courses. Let me confirm that. All right, so stand by cool. All right, oh, just as I love the transformation specialist. Yeah, yeah. I call it as huge. I totally agree psychology at the yoga practice is very psychologically involves it's very heavy in psychology and I think the more you understand about how the mind works and what people's mind tendencies are and how they show up in their practice. I think it's very useful information and the fact that it's in their Josh. Yes, it's really a very big bonus because again, it's not just a practice it's a overall like life practice, which means every part of your life is going to show up on the map. So yeah, I agree and as somebody who works with athletes, I call to do everything. I understand that. Yeah, it's all right, guys. So not only will I as a side group, guys, as they provide you with the education that you need to become successful. You'll also get again our unique education support. I mentioned it earlier. It's the dedicated success team that's here to help you. They're certified themselves. So it's not like they're just answering phone calls guys, they've been through the courses they do what you do. All right, any other questions you have along the way, they are there to help you. And also online and social media groups like Facebook and Instagram that where you can share your journey and ask questions. I'm actually one of the moderators on our Facebook page super fun, great place to communicate with other people. People post jobs on their all the time, by the way, just saying at least two or the kinds of week. And their moderated virus success coaches as well. Your learning is 100% online. Can't stress that enough for one of the few ROS programs that is 100% online. That gives you the flexibility to learn anywhere anytime. Remember, you can learn at your own pace. Take that exam when you're ready, which is also online for your convenience. And don't forget about the live studies to your sessions hosted by the instructors from this course. It will help you enhance your knowledge from this course and give you that opportunity to interact and ask questions. That's huge. You want you to interact and ask questions. We're also proud to be the only online fitness organization that offers this much support and convenience for you as you kickstart and grow your careers. Now, I want Angel to talk to you guys a little bit more about some career opportunities. How can these guys use this certification? So there are so many opportunities with this certification. And I think the main thing is just the fact that a whole different aspect of the world opens up to you. There are a lot of different opportunities. My favorite is in person because there's something different that happens in the mind in the body when you are in the room with another person. So that is my favorite. I teach mostly in boutiques gyms. I've taught in very large gyms and I've taught at like corpower, I've taught at boutique. I've taught at different gyms. I think, but again, because I do love the one on one, I love the smaller studio because that allows you a different sort of connection and to create a whole different community, which I think is really beautiful. It can also be your full time. It's my full time. I've done it full time for 11, 11 years I believe. It's been full full time. But you can also do it as a side hustle. A lot of my friends have gone through yoga 200 hours and then taught at their favorite gym at their gym that they go to. And I have one friend she has a full time job, but she also teaches Thursday nights and Sunday mornings. And those are her times to like catch up with her friends after the Thursday night. They go out and happy hour after Sunday morning. They go for brunch, mooses. So you can flip it into any area of your life. I also have somebody who teaches something called short yoga and it's the yoga for kids. And they do that every Saturday in a park. So it's really something that you can just slip in seamlessly to sort of every other area of your life. And then the other opportunities content creator. I also like I said, I do a lot of speaking opportunities on wellness through the lens of yoga. So speaking at I spoke at a heart conference on like cardiac health and how yoga can help that. There are a lot of different things that you can do. You can become your own bosses far as like being an online yoga person. There are people like on YouTube, yoga with Adrian is very, very popular. And it frees you up to do kind of whatever you want with your life. So I think whatever picture that you have in your mind of this, whatever picture that you sort of dream of or like, Oh, I wish I could like like like just know that it's possible because everything is possible. I've traveled with professional like athlete teams. And I have taught postpartum. I've taught prenatal. So everything that you want is available to you. There are a lot of yoga career opportunities like more than you think. I also have a friend who is a yoga teacher in what she does that she somehow made this a business is she makes playlists. Makes playlists and sells the playlists to yoga studios and like that is something that I never would have thought of as like a real job, but she loves yoga. She found her niche. She found what she loves and what she can't not share and this is what she's doing. So. Yeah, endless possibility. I love that and speaking out. I have a friend who just got the older certified as well. She went through a $200 program. But she differs in person. So it took her six months. Okay, and do it first of all to point that out. But my friend, Kristi, she actually does yoga through a for like a company that does bachelor rep party yoga. You guys. It's a thing. She actually has a lot of this weekend, which is why we're not going to yoga together on Sunday. I'm going to say because yeah, they do bachelor at parties with yoga and they just said in the yoga teacher to where they're doing the hotels, your resort, some house wherever they are, you go to yoga with the bachelor party. That's so much fun. Yeah, there's a lot of people in it's just contract work. She gets paid over $100 an hour. She can't be by the way, just throw them out there. But there's a cool opportunity to get out of like the four walls of a studio or a space. You can do yoga anywhere. So that's awesome. Now, before we move on here, do you guys want the good news of the good news? All right, I'm going to give you a day. I just confirmed you guys those of you who have some of the certifications that were part of the bundles. Yes, you can swap them out for other courses. You'll just have to call in so they can build it for you over the phone. So yes, it's kind of like you're going to bunch you guys. You might already have some of these credentials. If you want to trade them out for something else, you absolutely can. So we're here right now. Okay, so this campus, one of the studios that I teach at I teach there with Alex. We have actually co taught together. We did like a 90 minute vinyin class, which was amazing. But I teach there Alex teaches there and then whoever wins the alo moves, there's a teacher on alo moves, his name is Calvin and he also teaches here. So it's a fun space to be in and if any of you are ever in LA, just hit me up and we'll get you into class. And you can try different modalities you can come take Alex you can come take me come take Calvin, but it's a really fun studio so come anytime drop in. Cool and I know they have one, don't they have one in the floor that gives it my hand. They have one at Tampa and they have close to coast and they have one here in LA. Yeah, super cool. I'm actually going to be in LA in July for idea, but I'm coming from you. Okay, guys lots of different opportunities. Okay, so we're almost in to give away part and glad that that excited you guys that you can trade out horses in the chat and love it. So I just want to break down one more time for you. What is included with this course you get the 200 hour teaching training manual. They assign a guidebook with 80 fundamental clusters of two different textbooks included with your course, which again you have permanent access to by the way and you can download them. We have the live weekly virtual study study studio sessions. Unlimited support with your success team. There's some work sheets and suggested practice sessions throughout the course as well. You don't need to turn those in by the way. Those are for you to help you figure out your styles helping you sequence your classes. Okay, lots and ever worksheets and forms that you can use as you learn and once you're out there working. Of course, you get the signature foundational yoga class with 37 poses where we teach it multiple ways. And then of course the online multiple choice final exam. Okay, so everything you need is right here at your fingertips you guys. Okay, we got you covered. Now, because we guys are here with us, we're not only doing our giveaway on the next slide here, but we have an exclusive offer for you guys. You guys can save $250 when you enroll in yoga 200. Yes, Niri and no essays. I know. That's true. We're good. You guys are nice little discount here. $250 off on the own program. Okay, I will find out if we can apply that for those of you who are interested in the master as well, but I'm not sure. So I want to say yes or no. But when you enroll in the elite program, remember you get the 200 course, the nutritionist course and the online coach course, but again, we found out you can swap those out if you already have those ones as well. And also going to throw in a free course for you guys the life coaching course that we released a few months ago. This is for you. Again, it's online. So you can take it at your leisure focus on your yoga first and then dig on into life coaching yoga and life coaching go hand in hand yoga psychology yoga in general fitness yoga nutrition yoga goes with everything. It's like that perfect little black dress or little suit for those guys, right. So there is a website that you guys can visit if you're looking for that discount. It's right here on this page. It'll also be on the next page because guess what guys it's give away time it give away time or did it. We have some winners are first by four going to get the warrior maths. Okay, we have your name and based on whatever email address you use when you registered for the session. That's what we're going to contact you out. All right. So the five. Hello map winners are I have Jesse Meyer yes. Oh Stephanie Hoffmeyer all the Myers what's going on here. Jesse Meyer Stephanie Hoffmeyer. Hey, God. This is Francis Kelly me we three more. Jesse when I winner those maps are awesome by the way. Is it to Rica will will it from. This is it right to Rica. I believe so perfect. To more Amy Sariment Sargento. Amy is a winner and our last one for the yoga mat is going to be Linda Brown. Congratulations. Yeah, it is a great map absolutely. All right. Next five wait. Any questions that we want to answer in general quick or do we want to go into the next five. Let me just say real quick. I'm going to ask you a question about how much space between yoga practices do you need to answer the class you can do yoga every day. But I do recommend six days out of seven. So take a day off always a day of rest is wonderful. Awesome. There's another question to let's get to this year. We'll quick and then we'll get to the rest of the giveaway. When yoga be useful for a body builder when competing or in the off season. I can tell you all my guess 100% yes. Yeah, flexibility and mobility think of the aesthetic part of it you guys when your muscles are not it up they look short. Right. If you're stretching your flexible, not leaking you lift better, right? You can move better when you're training, but your muscles look like just they flow more. Absolutely. Great question. And then how did I start my yoga career. I started it in Austin at core power. They were just opening. And so I work at core power at this other who teach yoga studio called Suka, which is still going which is a beautiful space. And then at some gym, down there and in the park and for friends and really wherever I could and I started out very timid. Very shy, but I was very passionate about giving the person on the mat as much information as I had that would benefit them. And so that is how I started my career. Love it. And you guys have some great questions. We're going to come back to those. Let's get to our next five giveaways. So for the yoga blocks the all the lifting yoga blocks. So let me grab up my next five here we go Amanda Santana. Amanda Santana, you get a yoga block. I feel like Oprah here can not yoga blocks. Do you see Snyder? See Snyder wins a yoga block. I have Lindsey little great name. Yes, Lindsey little. I also have summer you. Summer one on a yoga block and Carolyn built in. Carolyn, guilt in. There are next five. All right. So keep your eye on your emails. You guys will be getting a message on how to redeem those and get your free items. Stephanie had a good question. I'm going to have to check on this stuff. Do you know the days and times of the weekly studies sessions. Let me check. Stand by. We'll come back to that question. There wasn't another question here in which one you going for. I was going to go with does being a yoga teacher require mastery of all poses. There are some poses I can't do. It does not require mastery requires understanding. Yeah, so if you can understand how to cue someone into it, even if you can't do it. If you understand how to get them as close as they can go and what how it feels to have a limitation. Then you don't need to be able to do the pose, but you do need to understand it inside and out. And then let me see middle-aged people to your classes and promote inclusivity. That's the you thing. So promoting inclusivity stems from who you are and people feel like you are inclusive. Then you will have a very diverse group to teach to. Yeah, and I think that kind of goes along. There's a question here. Are there marketing strategy specifically for African Americans or Black people not specifically by race essentially. But you just said it's something that you can absolutely. You have to do that. I will also speak to that if you're looking for. There's this group here in LA called Walk Good LA and they. They specialize in African American bringing wellness African American communities. They do a beautiful job. The reason they do a beautiful job is because it's led by African Americans. So they know how to create a safe space. But walk good LA. They have a really beautiful thing where they do walks they do yoga. They do a lot of yoga and mental health and breath work, especially for men, which I think is a really beautiful thing. I love it. I'm so really love that great question. I did find out the weekly live sessions are on Thursdays at noon Pacific time. Thursdays at noon Pacific time, but again, all of them are recorded. So if you happen to miss it or can't stay for the whole time. We will absolutely make sure that you have access to the videos where you can log back in and watch those. Go Thursdays noon Pacific time. All right. Let me go through my last set of winners. This is the big one. The all moves membership for 12 months. I've got five people randomly selected from our participants. First one, drum roll rose Mary how Rose Mary with the all the move memberships. We have Maya would all love it. Maya would all Tyler most. I probably messed up. Tyler most. We have to sneak up Parker is a winner for that membership and last but definitely not least booker Walton. Okay. So those are our five for the all moves memberships awesome. Okay. So remember to claim your prizes. Check the email that you registered for this webinar with and reach out if you haven't heard from us by probably tomorrow. Check the email that whatever email you registered for this session with that is where we will send you the information on how to get your prize nice work you guys. Well, that's a little bit more questions here and also I'm going to head back to these questions here. Yes. So there was a question I said can you speak to longevity practicing yoga long term 50 plus. I think that it's incredibly important to add yoga when you are 50 plus because the body starts to lose range of motion and yoga encourages the continued use of range of motion, which will allow you to continue. And you add we give like it'll give you access to your body for a longer period of time. So I would say if you want to begin a yoga practice at 50 or 50 plus look at Hatha for a year. So not necessarily been Yasa, but we do also teach Hatha in this 200 hour. So absolutely. And then how much body how much rest is the body need. Again, I answered that that's a using but definitely take a day off. But depending on the practice you do you can do it every day, but rest is important. There's one about doing MMA twice a week. Somebody who does yoga on their own. They want to grow their more interior yoga practice will this training help with this. Yes, 100% it will help with it and I think more than anything it's just that spark of inspiration and that spark of inspiration if you follow it. It'll keep you on your practice. So this will hopefully spark that that for you and you'll be able to follow it through. And then for mothers or soon to be mothers if it's paired with postnatal and prenatal. Yes, there are a lot and you'll see it on Allen moves. They have prenatal and postnatal apple does as well. So it is like all these big yoga brands. They do have this because yoga again is useful for all bodies, all minds wherever you are in your life. Yeah, there's one about seniors with osteoporosis absolutely guys movement in general. Like she's in the longevity. It's important for everyone. But yoga doesn't have to be like super intense with your handstands and legstands like all these things. You can do it. However, this person needs not saying all seniors need Cheerio or bed yoga. You can do that too. Right, but you can modify for their needs right angel. Yes, absolutely. It's whatever the person who is showing up as your student. It's whatever they need and you as a teacher want to have a large enough block of knowledge that when they come to you and they say, I'm immobile here here and here. I'm hypermobile here here and here. You can still like filter in your brain and come out with a yoga practice that is catered to them that they are capable of doing. I love it. And one more around this out here, you know, can you talk a little bit about the pros and cons of in person versus online. Online, you can reach somebody in Switzerland or Ireland and in person you get to be in the room with them. So there are pros and cons to both it just depends on what you're comfortable with. Absolutely. Yeah, and for me, it's how can you put it into your schedule. If it's something you're doing on the side. Maybe you don't have time. If you live in LA, that's a big place. Maybe you don't have time to make it 30 minutes away or an hour away to get to the studio and it's easier for you to do it in an online route where you can do it from home. So lots of different opportunities that just depends on where you're trying to accomplish and who are you trying to reach. There's a quick question. Esther asked how many sessions of effort alive sessions. Those go every week. There's not a certain number of sessions like with our group camps. Those go every week and you walk them along into those every week. They are ongoing. So great question. Congratulations to all of our winners. Thank you guys. Yeah, thanks for being here. And I love it. You guys are all awesome. Again, a lot of the names I recognize. I've seen you guys before. Congratulations. But guys, hopefully you answered a lot of your questions about you. If we didn't make sure you guys reach out. Okay, you can enter the website that you see there on the screen or give us a call. Our chat is open on our main website as well. I asked to say online dot com. Guys, we're here to help you. This is about you. That's why we're here. That's why we put this on for you. Angel, thank you so much for joining us. Yeah, this is good. Yeah, thank you so much. Hopefully we'll have you back. You guys are off the nominal. Thank you so much again for joining us. We'll be getting number according out to you guys soon. So check your email. You'll get it. You know what the links you can rewatch this if you need to. Okay, is it been a blast. We'll see you next time guys.