I, S, S, A, this is Kurt Make on the second I, S, A's Vice President of Partnerships. I'm really excited to be going live today and connecting you all with Josh Bryant, the world renowned strengthening and coaching coach, author of the I, S, S, A body building, tactical conditioning certification. Joe, he's going to be joining us here shortly. I'm really excited. Let me get, let me get Josh in here. Everyone joining in. Welcome. We're going to have Josh and Bryant joining us here in just one second. Josh. Hey, Kurt, what's going on, Alia? I'm great to see you, my friend. How you doing? I'm blessed. Happy New Year. Happy New Year. Yeah. Well, we're fired up. I want to start off by doing an introduction. And I want to introduce Josh Bryant. He is the author of the I, S, A body building, tactical conditioning certification. He's a world renowned, student coach. He trained some of the strongest people in the world from training athletes to bodybuilders to tactical conditioning, military, you name it. Josh is incredible. So today we're bringing an I, S, A, inspires feature. You're going to learn more about Josh, more about his background and story. The goal is that he can inspire more of you to continue down the journey of uplifting the others, staying in the fitness industry and really being successful. I saw someone said I want to binge a thousand pounds by the end of the week. I don't know if we can do that, but I do know you're talking to the right guy. Yeah. That's what you're looking to do. So I'm seeing people in the comments feel free to drop your questions. We're going to be going live for about 20 minutes here, sharing more about Josh. Josh, starting out, I just want to just welcome you and let you know how much we appreciate you joining us today. Honor to be here. Got started by, as I say. That was 20 years ago and here we are. Tell me more about that. 20 years ago getting started with I. Right. So honestly, the way it started is I was in junior high and I do know and I and Sal was at the YMCA and the salary on front half old owned it at the time. And they're like, I don't think you should go that heavy on close grip bench. I was in eighth grade and I'm like, no, I can do it. And they watched me do. And then I I made friends with, um, kind of made friends with them there and they kind of took me into their wing from there and got to meet Fred Hatfield and do a bunch of seminars with him. So that was in 94 probably. You're talking taking it back to 94. So let let let's people know how long you've been doing this. And the cool thing was I worked at it. So I worked at a gym in high school's hardcore gym and that's the first I have to say seminar. I went to was with Tom Plats, the famous pro bodybuilder. But Fred Hatfield and those guys came in and worked out there. So I got to see all this growing up and you know, people I've been reading the whole time on my own. Didn't even know about I just say just had read their books. They came to the gym. So kind of it's like almost like fade or something. And then learn, you know, it was awesome. I love that you said that it's like fate. So anyone that's listening right now, it's meant to be that you're here. And we appreciate you joining us because it's just mentioned. Sometimes it's meant to be that you're in the right place at the right time to connect with the right people to get the knowledge to get the access and the opportunity to tell me. So you're talking about meeting the founders of ISSA and Dr. Squad right and all of those things. Tell me more about your journey of going from new and just learning in the fitness industry to being a world renowned coach and expert. What was that journey like from back then? Okay. So I went initially. I was getting just one of these strength conditioning. So I got certified the ISSA when I was like 19. And I went down to UCLA to do an internship with Doc Cresu, done their start finishing coach back then. And from there, I learned a lot from him about the actual strength conditioning and like team settings because it's different. I've been working with athletes already since I was about 16. But doing in the large team setting, you know, the hundred people is different than one on one kind of thing. So I learned a lot there. I moved out to Nashville and I learned a lot from guy named Jeff Burkle. So it was like a more of like a kind of boozy personal training studio. You know, versus like UCLA was like more hardcore athletes and and so it was a good way to see a little bit of everything. I learned a lot from everybody along the way from there came down to Texas. And I started training people at the world famous Metro Flex channel. And I remember the owner set, you know, branch Warren obviously King Ronnie Coleman, all those guys who actually ended up training branch and Johnny later on. But it was cool as Brian the owner there told me he's like, you know, no one's ever made it as a personal trainer here. Like, just you can't the money's not here. But it was it's one of those things of like if if no one's wearing shoes and a village and here shoes salesmen, I mean, you hear a look at it as no one's wearing shoes or no one's wearing shoes, let's make some sales and before I knew it, it was rolling in more people that I knew what to do with by just kind of capitalizing the opportunity and bracing the niche of like this is a more hardcore serious gym. So instead of explaining to people, hey, I'm sorry. It's kind of dirty. You know, people are yelling. It's like make that like almost the mantra, the rally cry and embrace it. And then that product, different element, different crowd there and then it took off from there. That's incredible that you call that out because Josh, just the point that you were mentioning about the opportunity. I know there's a lot of people that are on live that are going to watch this live session and they're wondering, like, is there an opportunity in fitness? Is there a room to be made as a personal trainer? Can I have a living where I can feed my family and grow like a lot of people are starting out right now or maybe getting certified there in that first. There were you were back in the 90s, right? What advice do you have for someone nowadays in 2025 to be able to be successful and to make a living like kind of like you mentioned, right, with that opportunity and a gym or wherever they may be located. But one, I would learn business stuff too and really learn to read the room. So there's opportunities everywhere. So you can be a Beverly Hills. The good part there is personal training is accepted. Probably everybody has one. They're willing to pay a lot. You got a lot of competition though. Okay, or you can be an area where it's not as like a more blue color type area and it's not really accepted yet, but you could be the one to break in there. So every where's going to have a positive and a drawback. So you have to look at and then kind of read the room and figure out what we're going to do. You may not, you have to see, I would have recommend be yourself and do what you do, but be adaptable at the same time. For example, I started off, first of all, the athletes, then the more like kind of rich regular Beverly Hills type of Nashville, then go to Metro Flex, it's all athletes. Then I go to like world class bodybuilders like Branch Morning Johnny Jackson because what had happened was they saw me working with like high school football players getting them so much bigger and stronger. They figure if you can do that for them, what can you do for me? So you never know, you know, that's the thing you never know who's watching you. Always do your best. I mean, that's it. You know, even if you don't do personal training, you do whatever you're going to do. If you're working at Waterberger, the CEO of another company might come in there and see how hard you're working and get jobs or stories like that all over the internet. So you never know who's watching. So do your best. If you care about people, you're not in your phone, you pay attention to people. More than likely you're going to have success and just find your niche. It's like embraces strengths when you're marketing yourself. If you drop that high school, but you're champion bodybuilder, this is Tom Platt, so I'm going to read you said that to somebody. He's like, you dropped out of high school, but you're a great bodybuilder. You need to run with that. You put a poster up or a post online, talk about your bodybuilder. Okay, you're not in the best shape. You give a PhD, okay, run with a PhD. You need to like run with your strengths and try to be somebody else. That's like a huge thing. That we all have strengths. We do and into your point, being authentic and leaning into the strengths. That's almost like a hack, right? It is like, yeah, I can just, I can just be me, show up as myself, do my very best. And that can be exactly what I need to be able to connect with the right type of clients. And I want someone to ask the comment here and we are building questions. So please put your questions in the chat as well. We're going to be answering those. One of the questions that came in the chat, you're someone that certified and bodybuilding personal training. Right. I think Strythian conditioning said, they're having a hard time. They're trying to find an opportunity and a gym, looking for employment. What are your recommendations for somebody that maybe just got certified right? And they're now looking to start taking on clients or finding clients. Right. So I would get, so the first thing, I don't know your situation. So I hate to like tell you you do this and like it's, you're supporting three kids at the same time. So assuming it's not like you have to have a ton of money right this second, what I would recommend is getting hours and four. So LA fitness is going to give you 10 bucks an hour, right? But there are even 50 hours a week and you're not doing anything else. I would run with that versus the same amount of money doing like 20 hours because you need the hours. You're getting better, getting on the floor. It's just repetition repetition repetition. So initially, I would say get the hours and if it's not enough money, do you get a side household going or vice versa? If you have a job right now, I always tell people, you know, there's the old philosophy of like your stuck in the island, burn the life boats. You got to figure it out. That's not always realistic. I would say keep your regular job and build, if you're doing it on your like not working for a gym and build up this is your side hustle. Once your side hustle out does your regular job in switch. So what I did also in there is I actually started training the athletic director at one of the top high schools and Texas around here back in Metroflux, right? So he's like, hey, you know, you've done a great job. Why don't we make you the strength and mission coach for the high school? And you know, no schools back then for high school here had strength and mission coaches. So he found, you know, I actually got to be the strength and mission coach. It wasn't like, you know, a dude that comes in there was like legitimate like certified teacher of all that stuff and found a way I could do it over the summer and it was a great gig that way by doing a good job right there. So that was kind of how I wouldn't have there is then. So then I'm like, okay, this is cool. But they gave me really easy classes to teach by really didn't like being in the classroom. The honestly, I'm not meant to be in the classroom. Not a good fit. So I'm like, okay, no more of this. But I was a Metroflux too and you know, I didn't need the job. My business building, but I kept training clients so I'm like, okay. I'm going to make the full switch when my income at Metroflux surpasses what I'm making at the school. Gotcha. Once I decided that, it's, you know, you know, not to get religious, but it has to get God thing or something because boom, it just happened. And it was a whole story. This wasn't a fluke happened again. So I told the off-editor and said, you know, I just went over his house one day I said, I really appreciate this. Been a great three years, you know, his kid was graduating. Said it's, it's kind of a time for me to move on. I just told him, I told him the exact what happened like this. I said, I, you know, it's just not meant to be. And I didn't want to be, you know, kind of constrained by like a school necessarily. Like, because now what's cool about if you get this long enough, you do it long enough, you're going to choose who you work with. Yeah. Like you're going to say, if somebody's not the right fit, that's the other reason why if you can keep your regular job, you know what you're doing. This is very advantageous because what happens is, you know, then you don't have to, if a client's not the right fit, it doesn't have to be a personal thing to hate. You know what, you're not the right fit. You know, I train people that are really serious, you know, you, you know, come in hungover every time. There's somebody else for you. I'm not that person. No hard feelings. Here's your money back. Like, let's move on. Kind of thing. But if you're desperate for money, you can't be a selective. And then that kind of takes it to where, you know, it's, you know, you got to go. You got momentum going. When you're training the right people, they're loving it. You're loving it. It's almost, it's like synergy. It's an unstoppable, like life force that can't, it's cool. You know, you just build build build build. But it would be the wrong people in there. So that's why I always recommend keeping the regular job if you have one, build this up on the side. Once you earn more money doing that, switch it and you're going to have such good momentum going. Josh, that's such a great feedback because to the point that you're making being willing to start off wherever you can to get the opportunity to get the experience to get the knowledge. But then also finding, almost like finding your right clientele or who I want to be able to serve, Alex Treadwell in the chat asked to do, he was talking about resurification and Alex was saying, trying to look for a niche for Alex's talents. And it reminds me of what you just said. I think you just answered that question of, you were, you were training and looking for people that were more hardcore. I don't know much more serious about their training that were athletes are ready to perform at a high level. Being in the classroom, you were like, that wasn't for me. Which I love that you shared that because so many people feel like, oh my gosh, I've got to be, you know, I've got to have a master's degree in Kenyzeology or I've got to be a really a bookworm to be able to get certified or to be successful. And to your point, there's someone that maybe didn't finish high school, but they're about it building pro where they're super passionate or motivated. That can help them be very successful. Or more successful than the person that maybe has all of the diplomas on the wall or you know, waiting out of master. So I think that's a huge call out that that I really appreciate you mentioning that Josh. Let me see what else we have. I see. I also say, you know, you just, if you care about people in their success, that's going to be your main thing. Like I honestly notice like what I'm going to stop competing myself and get in this full time is I was having like, you know, like, I remember talking about wife, like certain clients and stuff hitting PRs and she's kind of like nice, but she's like, you lift more to wait waiting in that. Why do you care? I'm just like more excited about their PRs than mine. You know, so I'm like talking more to other people about other people's PRs than what I'm doing. So I'm okay. This is meant to be, you know, when you start viewing that, you know, you start their success becomes your success and it's just fun. I love that Josh and speaking of PRs, you know, just to just to give you an opportunity to brag a little bit. There's no shit. Can you share a little bit more about, I know, you know, correct me if I'm wrong here, but I believe you were the youngest person to a 600 pound wall flat. Yes, sir. Is that right? Tell me a little bit more about that. How old were you? How many wheel? How many 45. That's six. A little over six plates on each side and on each side. Go on each side through a huge press is like incredible. No, it's funny because I was always good at the bench press. I had to work a lot harder. Like my more proud lifts bragging would be like deadlift. That'd be like a longer conversation because that was such an obstacle to overcome. Where I mean, I was always good at bench press in action. I've been doing this since I was like five years old. I sneak into the YMCA in elementary school and when no one's looking just bench press. I mean, I always did. Like five years old, I'd be kicking kicked out of the weight room. So I was always good at it then. I just, I had the opportunity to train or some people that were really good. Move the round, visited. That's why I spent my spare money on would be like back then. Would be going around the country and training with various people and learning what I could learn. I love that you shared that Josh because you're essentially talking about your hunger and motivation and passion for fitness has also been a key part of your success as a personal trainer, as a coach, as an author now, is that you know, you saw, hey, you got these incredible PR, 600 pound bench. You saw your success individually, but you saw joy in helping others and seeing them reach their goals. And I think that's such a great message for so many people that are watching live right now and are wondering, how do I become successful or how do I find out if getting certified or being the fitness industry is the right fit for me? And I think the kind of the two things one is, are you passionate about fitness and do you enjoy helping other people? That's because if you say yes, you say yes to those two. It's like it's a no brainer to at least increase your knowledge and then at the 100 process of helping help others. Yeah, I like seeing it. Yeah, I like watching everybody hit PR's one of my self. That was kind of like a light one off. I'd also say this side piece of advice here. It would be if you guys are posting your workouts online, that's great. You see people like people see you training. So you're actually walking the walk very helpful. I would make sure what your, you know, don't post stupid stuff, you know, like you don't want to make, unless it's like comedy, you know, there's a difference between being seen as a authority figure and like a comedic kind of stand-up person, you know, different social media sort of presence. For example, the whole tactical thing happened. I was done parrotting. So I was training more for like general fitness, but I was, you know, more serious general fit. Basically, the thing I would say would be like a high level general is like good conditioning, good speed, good strength, well-rounded. So I was posting videos online just to show people I'm still working out, you know, not parrotting, here's what I'm doing. I literally kept getting emails from people in the military and police force and firefighters about training this way. It wasn't like I, you know, sought to market. You know, I just did what I'm doing. And I feel like when you're posting good purposeful content, you're helpful to people, it's going to kind of take off. You know what I mean? So like, that was a huge turning point. So like when you see people post stuff, it's like, if you're running a business, I'd be careful about what you post that's going to like someone like that guy doesn't really know what he's talking about. She doesn't know what she's talking about kind of thing. So just, that's a great call out because in the fitness industry, essentially each person is you are your own brand in a lot of ways. If you're working outside of the club that you work for, you know, you represent yourself. So there is an opportunity. And I think that's a great tip for one of the people in the chat that asked, okay, if I maybe don't have a lot of gyms around me or if I didn't get that opportunity in the gym, start sharing on your social media, your experience, the tips that you learn in your certification, maybe what you're doing through your own workout journey, because that can get other people like, oh, they know what they're talking about. Let me go ahead and reach out or that can become your clientele and help you grow. I've got one question here from Ella, Elliott asked, can you ask Josh about Tom have a land, which I know big time back around on how you and Tom started working together for those that don't know who Tom have been, is can you share a little, I know you've grown your following over, you know, 100 plus thousand followers. I know Tom's got hundreds of thousands of followers around and he doesn't post his face at all in the workouts. Like, you don't even know what he looks like. It's kind of a little bit of a mystery. Can you share a little bit about that, a you train time and that experience, a top started working with him. What was a basketball player in Australia? And he, I don't recall how we, we were looking at the other day when I was talking about 15 years ago, he reached out and I think it might have been through the website of the lead FTS, maybe. He might have seen me doing a Q&A sort of like this on here, but it written at the time and reached out that way. So started working with him and, you know, first he kind of stated some pretty ambitious goals. I've learned at this point like, it's crazy. Something may sound. You don't want to like doubt somebody, you know, you never know who you're talking to or whatever. So, okay. Let's see what he has. Did really well. And initially was training for just kind of power off the embarking them up. And then from there, he kind of wanted to transition into, you know, more all around. So he's become kind of like, I would say the most like kind of dominant physical specimen for lack of a better term on the planet of like when you look at all around strength, speed and conditioning because like if he says so and so stronger say maybe, which would be tough to make that case, let's just say you were right, are they in that good condition? Are they in a, you know, can they rock 20 miles? Can they, can they do tempo run sprints? Things like that, can they jump? You know, so basically Tom has become kind of the standard bearer of like being able, having the strength of somebody a lot bigger and the movement capacity and endurance of somebody a lot lighter. That's essentially to me what tactical training is. You say what's tactical training, we can go through all these different fancy definitions basically the power and strength of being bigger, the movement capacity and speed and endurance of someone smaller. That's it because obviously eventually size, even if it's all muscle like I've done hikes in the Colorado mountains, you just don't see body builders for the most part like hiking and that muscle is so lot to carry up those mountains. You know, you don't see people generally that, you know, are a hundred pounds of inch, five hundred pounds and so on. You don't see three hundred pound guys running five minute miles. We can go through all this stuff. But when you can kind of get, it's like basically being a high level generalist, if you can be like 90% good and all these different biomotor abilities or qualities, you're deadly. The difference with Tom is that's the goal 90% or so on. All these things, your point 0, 1% special forces kind of person if that's you. Tom's like a hundred percent all these things. That's what makes it such an anomaly because I'm saying you go 90% we're knocking this list down to about 10 people because I work with all these guys and there's always some sort of way we have to bring something up okay. But you're, you know, this that and if we have to get your endurance up because there's a assessment coming, you're a run five miles okay, you're this that in the other way, but you know, you're having trouble on this portion or whatever where Tom doesn't. That's a great point. That's a great point. I think that's that's tactical training is how do you, so that's the end objective then, you know, I know we're talking more about bodybuilder, but I think that's what kind of separate the ISSA tactical course was like a more coherent way to do this because you try to do it all at once. It's like almost like, you know, throwing a bunch of the wall and hoping you get a painting out of it. It's the odds of the master piece coming through are very low. You know, it has to be systematic. You have to paint each part of that painting. And I think that's what we did a good job is showing that that you how to actually do this. Okay, you're deficient in strength. Let's build your strength up at the same time. We can't make your speed endurance a sacrificial lamb of the kind of process. That's a great call now. That's a great call out in Josh as you're giving these tips. I see someone dropped it in the chat. Josh Bryan, my teacher is the best in the world powerlifting coach. So, you know, you got a lot of advocates that are in here and just so appreciative. I know we're going to wrap up in just a couple of minutes here. Right. For those that could not make it, we're going to make sure that we save this so you can check this live inspiring story with Josh Bryan out on our Instagram feed as well. It'll be uploaded after this. There was a couple other questions. One, one someone asked, man, they just finished their lead trainer certification. They said, man, can I intern with Josh Bryan? Before I have you answer that question, the first thing I was going to say is, I SSA partners with we have tens of thousands of gym partner locations all across the country. And Josh, you made a great call out earlier when you said, be willing to start off whether that's at the front desk. If that's, you know, just talking to the trainers, getting to know them, to get your opportunity, to get on to the floor, learn and that's where you start growing. Say something to that. So I started off at the front desk of a gym when I was 16. Football coach that I had went to this gym after practice and he told them about me and they gave me a job there. It was all the hardcore bodybuilders and parolisters like, you know, salary, all those kind of guys would go. And anyways, that was one of the most knowledge I've ever gained was one of the front desk. Not as like a trainer per se, but the bodybuilders and stuff there would come in and they kind of like, you know, back then it wasn't like they, they didn't have pre-work. I like I've now they'd buy these like sort of like energy drinks at the front and they'd sit there and like talk to me before they start training. So I could pick their brains and learn so much from them by just working the front desk. I mean, every single person that would come up there, even between sets, they come up and talk to me. And I'm here like asking those questions like, oh, okay, and then like most of them, once they realize you're like, you know, they like you and stuff would tell you anything so you could learn so much. I mean, that's where somebody inspiration from the book Jill House from came from was a couple of main guys were had been to jail and they would want me to spot them and stuff. So like they would do an example. So the bodybuilding course too, mechanical advantage drops. That's for example, you start a high-end client, go to failure, drop it to a medium-end client down to a low-enclined. Ask them why you do that. Oh, and prison there wasn't, we couldn't, there wasn't a bunch of benches so you didn't have a choice. You know, in the Sessie's mother-in-mentioned, you can't give a piece of equipment. Okay, cool. What's that, too? You know, that hits all the five percent chance ball of all. Okay, great note taken. You know, so instead of like zoning out in your phone, I guess that's definitely enough. You know, zoning out in your phone or whatever, or you could be, you know, if it's a gym observe people, because you never know where you're, I think it was, Martin Luther King said, there's every man's superior in one way. You're going to learn something from everybody, probably. Keep paying attention. Josh, I love that. I think that's such a great way to continue to develop is being willing to learn, being willing to take that front desk or opportunity. And I know as far as opportunities and fitness, there are, I want to say 80 to 90 percent of gyms are hiring, whether that's personal trainers, front desk. They're looking for people that are willing to get started. So that opportunity absolutely exists. And we are doing, we're going to be doing more things to connect people to those open doors and pathways as well. Josh, you are such an inspiration. I just saw that in the chat. Tammy said, Josh, you're an inspiration. I have a second that this was incredible. We appreciate you so much taking the time that they Josh to chat with us to inspire and motivate so many folks that are taking your certifications and bodybuilding or or tactical conditioning and following the path that you've laid going from starting off entry level, just learning someone that loves fitness to then helping people set records for the strongest bench ever for you having a 600 pound. It's incredible. So thank you so much. Any clothes that's going to leave the floor for you clothes for anything that you want to add or any take away for the audience. Now, I personally, I personally, I'm taking the courses and thanks for all the support for you guys over the years and and glad to still be here with I. S.A. Um, over say 2001, I said 20 years, that's 24 years. Yeah, right. First, I'm patient with 24 years. You know, so yeah, that's awesome. So I appreciate everybody and you don't have to do this again sometime. There we go. We will. We appreciate you, Josh. Having an incredible Friday. Happy New Year, everybody. And let's keep inspiring, staying motivated and sharing wellness. Thank you. Thank you, Kurt. Bye.