I, as I say, Kurt Magen II here, I say, is BP of partnerships. I'm super excited to be joining live today and bringing you Leah Spencer to third. Who is one of I, as I say, certified elite trainers doing incredible work. He's also an online coach. I'm going to have him joining in here shortly. Very excited. You all are in for an absolute treat. We're going to be taking questions. So please drop your questions in the chat if you're looking here from a coach that's absolutely crushing it. Not only doing online training, but is essentially used his I.C. certification to level up, help people all over the country. It's really exciting. So as soon as we get him in here, we're going to go ahead and be able to have Leah Spencer to third. Join us. Give us one second. Please start dropping the questions. We're excited to have you. Let also let us know where you're joining in from today as well. We want to be able to hear from you. I'm in Arizona. We're absolutely excited to have you. Give me one second. Get Leah in here. Perfect. I see something about certifications. Yes, definitely check your student portal as it relates to getting your certification. I see someone almost certified. Congratulations. Talk more about online training. Yes. Oh, Leah is great to have you. Happy Friday. What's going on? I have to Friday. Can you hear me? Yes. I can hear you. Great. So great to have you on. Thanks for having me, NASA. It's a blessing. Happy to be here. Absolutely. So I'm going to do a quick intro now that we have you on. Bringing you today. I. As I say in Spire's with Leah Spencer the third. He's an I.C. Say certified trainer. He's in a lead trainer. He's online coaching, doing incredible work. If you haven't seen his transformations after this check of the transformations for his clients. But also he's creating content and engaging and showing you different ways using his knowledge and information to inspire and also help people on social that may not even be as clients yet. Leah, we're so excited to have you. I want to pass the mic to you and please to tell us a little bit more about how you got into fitness and how you got certified. Yeah, man. I guess just to kick off right until it. So I got into fitness because I always wanted to be in shape. But I was the one that was always like, I don't need to try. Now I'm going to figure it out. You know, watching YouTube videos. I'm looking up bro science on the internet. Poly for years, man. Eight, probably seven to eight years. I was stagnant. I lost weight. I got asked. But I was like extremely skinny. So it seemed like I lost a lot of strength and I lost a lot of muscle. And then when I gained weight, bulking, I put on weight more fat than I did muscle. And then I was just like, man, this this just isn't working. So then I look for, you know, a way to actually gain the right knowledge with all being swindled on social media. And so also, I always wanted to be able to tell other people. I always wanted to be a personal trainer, but never necessarily want to be a trainer that's in the gym necessarily trading time for money. So once I kind of heard about online training, I said, okay, this may be the way. And then once I got certified through ISA as a certified person in training and a certified nutritionist, then everything just clicked. I'm in a best shape in my life. I'm helping others getting in a best shape that I like. And this a blessed man. So blessing to be here and also to connect with you to be able to share the journey. Come on. That's such an inspiration. I appreciate you sharing this. And I know it's going to be able to inspire so many people. We're already getting questions in a chat. So we're going to also open up with some questions too. So one of the people in the chat asks, how can I start? How did you get started? How do you know finding ISA? How did you find this? Yeah. So when I was looking through, you know, where I could have go to get certified. Of course, one of the things is cost, right? With a certification, you know, with the ISA is not the cheapest at all. But there's some parts today. ISA is recognized internationally for gym. So if you're looking at China become a trainer in the gym, ISA is one of the certifications where you can work out a 24-hour fitness occurrence fitness. These mainstream commercial gyms, ISA is approved. The second biggest thing on how I found ISA after kind of looking through a bunch of the other competitors. ISA offers flexible options. They offer the fast track. When in regards to payment options, you know, you want to pay over the course of a year, you can do that. They had a fast track program where as I say, you want to be certified in a month or less then here's the book, here's the area of opportunity where you can do so. So I personally myself did the fast track and I got certified in under a month. So I actually got certified, no, no, I got my nutrition certification on Christmas. But I saw today, I got certified in a month. So ISA is the best strength and then everything you can do on your own at your own time, there's videos, there's textbooks, there's multiple forms of resources where you can really gather the information. And last but not least, probably my most important thing about why I chose ISA is saying, I have test anxiety coming being in college, you know, taking tests is not something anybody likes to do. Not a good thing about ISA is because their approaches so thorough when it comes to the certification and taking a test is an open book test. So it's really not the way you can feel it unless you just don't know anything you didn't read the material. You still need to read everything to be able to understand and pass the test. So that's how I found that I said, that's the reason why I chose ISA. So you got tests anxiety, you don't like taking tests, you don't want to fail. I say it's really the way. It's not a shortcut at all. It's not a cheat code like hey, it's easy to pass. No, you still need to do the diligence. But it removes that piece of pain. Also, pain for taking the test. I did not want to pay the test. It's all built in with ISA, it's a mandate. They never won. That's why I'm here. That's why I cared it's here. That's why we talking to y'all, man. Don't waste eating what's on. That's about on. I appreciate you giving that feedback and touching on the test anxiety too, because to your point, like I think back to, man, I would know the information and thinking about the school, I'm noting information. I'm ready to roll. They set the test now. All of a sudden, it's like, man, is the war on the walls getting a little bit of room-grim smaller? Like, am I sweating? I feel like the imminent, my palms are sweating. So it is weak. Arms are heavy. My feet are heavy. You do it. As soon as it says comes out, it's like, wait, I got the no cards in my pocket. Yeah, everything. But to be able to take that anxiety and that pressure out, that is a great callout. And I'm so glad you mentioned that, because I'm not just going to help some people right now that are thinking about it or worried or maybe even are like, on the fence about getting started because they're like, ah, is it going to be too hard? Is the test going to be something that I don't feel comfortable and confident in? So great. We got another question here from everything, Tashi, who there are certified personal trainer nutritionists and health coach, which hats off for them, you know, getting their certifications, they ask how and what systems do you recommend using to create programs? Yeah, that's a excellent question because if you're not necessarily creating programs that work the right way, then you're missing out on getting your clients, gains, you missing out on tracking that progression, you're missing out on being able to give them feedback. You really missing out on the fundamentals of training. So in regards to that question, I personally utilize trainer rods. There are other systems out there, like, you know, my coach, I forget all the other ones because I mean, in my opinion, they're not really, they don't really matter. Trainer rods, and from what I've used it for is extremely robust. You build your programs within trainer rods, you can build in specific risk periods in the training set. So you can build in cardio, hit cardio, add training. You can literally put together a very robust training plan for your clients based on your knowledge, right? You don't need to go with anything outside of the box and based on what you know, like for example, you want to put together, you have a client that's like, I want to grow some muscle. Okay, great. From learning through I said, I need to put together a hypertrophy plan. You know, I need to make sure the rep range is between six to two or really eight to two of you know, I need to make sure that that risk period is 90 seconds to two minutes. And if I'm building this within the plan, then with when someone is following it, is really minor error for deviation and they have to get the gains. They praise you. You get paid and response, but overall, they've become a product that are product and then they spread the word because you show them a different unique style. You're not sending emails saying, here's your work out for today. You're not texting people. Here's the work out for today. You're not emailing meal plans. They have meal plans built within their, well, you can also provide feedback. It's just a great overall tool, but to structure the program, I would definitely say, trying to rise. I must admit there is a slight learning curve, but once you get past that learning curve, it's up because the average person does it want to go past that learning curve. It's too hard. Well, guess what, everything that's hard is worth it on the other side. So, challenge yourself a little bit. Well, I love that you mentioned that challenge and also the fact that you're talking about the importance of being certified is what also comes to my mind because you talk about how purger you talk about the rep range is the rest time. For those social media trainers that are not certified, you likely do not have that information in that education to confidently tell your clients because when you have the certification, you have to give you another level of confidence. Just like Leon, you're talking about, you can start helping people and know like, make my program, my knowledge is actually paying off. And we have another, so I'll see a comment here and was asking, are you touched on this? The second thing I'm really interested, Fidelas Khan, I'm really interested and asked about financial, you know, supporter options to be able to get into the program. I heard you already touched on the fact that we do have payment plan options, which is huge. So, being able to now have to put everything up front and be able to have options, break it up over a full year and you can actually get your certification and stay on that payment plan. You don't have to pay it all off and then you get your certificate. You can be empowered to start working in that jam and working online and really growing which is huge. I see I'm certified back in 2020. There we go. Ready, rail 2030. I love that. That's awesome. I'm just going through the comments here. Catch you now. We got some great engagement in the chat. Let me jump in on that comment, man. Let me say this. In regards to the I say, start getting and get the next question ready, right? I won't be long. But in regards to the I say, start a vacation, man. Look at this. Let's just say, how about that at least speaking, you want to get personal training, started five nutrition, started five and another certification, right? But then this people, let's say that's $1200. Let's say it's $2,00. Right? The ass person's like, oh, that's too much. I don't know if I'm a, you know, that's a lot of money out of pocket. Okay, if you break that up in the year, that's a $100 a month. So you mean to tell me, think about, think about your breaking in the analysis. You need to make more than $100 a month by hotiver means in order to be profitable. That's one client at minimal. If you get one client, you, you, you, you, you got, you got make money based on whatever you charge and write easily over $100. But get two clients, you and the money. Those two clients within the first two months, three months, they give results. They tell their friends, they, with other than telling their friends, they're friends, you know, girl, what you've been doing in bone, here you are being referred. Not that money is multiplying, because you took the chance on yourself and utilized the payment plan. Even if you got the money upfront, why pay the money upfront is just just pay it in, in 12 installments is easy man investing yourself. Get that money back, tell it yourself. 100%. No, I love that. And I actually go someone in the chat, Kate, I was fitness. You ever think you're investing in yourself and the money's worth every penny. You're absolutely right. Kate, I was fitness. And that actually goes to my next question. And you touched on it just now, Lina, where you said, getting one client pays for your certification, getting two clients. You're already, you know, profitable. How do you go about, especially in an online setting, a lot of people, the question that we probably get pretty frequently is how do I get clients? I'm certified. I just got into it. I may be on new. What are the steps that I need to do? We know what it's you do to help grow. How many clients do you have if you're okay with sharing that? Which is love to hear all of the ends of the mouth. I know it's going to inspire a lot of people. Yeah, yeah. So I'll start off with, you know, how do you go about getting clients? I'm a girl about my approach, because my approach may not be the best approach, but it's what I did and what I feel was necessary. When I first started out training, I trained three people for free. I said, hey, you guys, hey, I just got my certification. I want to use y'all as like testimony, proof of concept, just to show that, hey, I know exactly what I need to be doing. I know exactly how to train someone. And all three of those people within three months lost between 20 and 30 pounds. And from there, I recycled their results, the pictures, the testimonials, their data on weight, some of one person, reduced their blood pressure and cholesterol numbers, another person got off of hypertension medication. And so I just repackaged all of those great results. And so anytime that I was talking to someone, I already had talking points. And it came to putting it on on social media. I didn't really have much because nobody really knew how to train them. So it was more than the impression interaction like at the gym you go to. Or strategically get a membership to the gym that you don't go to and then make it make it a go to every time you go. Meet somebody brand new, connect, get the note of the plan field and the gym. Because everyone in the gym is looking to improve. So it's really do I trust you to take me to the next level. You look like you are at the next level. You can't just be a trainer, not necessarily look like one. You can, but it's a whole different story. So really just repackaging, taking a chance, getting some testimonials, getting some before and after pictures, getting all of this. So then package to the world like, hey, I'm now taking new clients. And so the second piece of that is marketing. I'm going to give y'all a three, a two year, four lesson learned. And I hate on doing it because I've had so much money just to kind of learn this and figure this out. But a lot of times it's not about the before and after pictures. It's really about can you actually showcase that you're knowledgeable and you know about nutrition. You know about fitness. You can give someone some good information. When you build that trust over time, you know, social media wise, people begin to look at you as the expert. And when people begin to look at you as the expert, there's background with pearls. There's a lot of people that's on the edge of ready to train with you and to they see something what you like, hey, I'm looking at training X amount of people. And this is really how you get your clients. But a lot of times it's the, it's the, it's the referrals. You train someone that loses a bunch of weight. It's the referral that comes. Oh, I saw my friend. I want, I want to do what you did to them. And then boom, here goes your business expanding. So summarize, do what you got to do. Get those before and after it's trained some people. Package the results. Be ready to utilize that for additional marketing, you know, put some free game out there but come that trusted person on social media or amongst your friends, your peers, your poll workers and then the classes just start the role and make sure you look like a trainer. There we go. No, that's that's so powerful that you mentioned that to your network and your referrals because if people know you, if they like you, if they trust you, they're likely you're going to be top of mine. They're going to think of you. I know I've sent you, I've either referred all my clients or, you know, people that reach out and say, hey, I'm looking for online coach. I'm like, man, I know, I'm really on a crushing it. I see the results. So I see that you enjoy what you're doing. You're passionate about accountability, helping your clients. I even saw a couple of your clients dropping the chat here and just said, the best coach I appreciate coach Leon. So I see that. Oh, you're, we, we have some people dropping the chat. Just, you know, the shot we out and so it's so powerful to see the impact. And I see Moh Kwasim asked, how long does it take? It's finished. It's sort of the course and get certified. I know you mentioned you did the fast track and finish under a month on Christmas. It is a self-paced program. So we'll get to take you six months to get to take you under a month. It literally is at your pace and it's a self-study program. So you're able to study from home, phone, tablet, computer. You're able to dive in. And so there's no barriers or boundaries. And to your point, Leon, I see a question here. Nilo mentioned, can we work in Canada as a personal trainer? The answer is yes. We have trainers all over the, the literally, the globe internationally. Canada is a market as well. And everywhere people are trying to get in a fitness, get healthier. We see with a lot of the different things that have happened just with whether it's flu, people getting sick. People want to be in a situation where they reduce their chances of getting sick or being under the weather, getting hospitalized and a cost to invest in a trainer and their wellness. It pays for itself many times over with how they feel. And Leon, you get in clients will so powerful. Any other takeaways that you have for someone that's either thinking about getting started or maybe just got certified and they're trying to be successful like you in the end. Yeah man, it is the best tip. This is not a sales pitch. I said, it's not paying me to say anything I'm about to say. So take it for what is worth. Get started five, man. If it's something even on a fence about, this is your call to action to make it happen. Because if you're waiting, you miss a knock on money on a table. You miss a knock on helping others. Helping a family member because not it's said that you certified and you know what you're doing. The next reason they get certified is you could be training people right. You could be a part athlete. You could be someone that's just passionate about getting people healthy or getting people into a nice physique. But nothing says, take me serious better than I got a certification. If it's you, not certified versus somebody that is certified, not sounds out of 10, they going to pay that extra money and go with somebody that certified. Because once you get certified, what you thought you knew before you was certified, you really won't understand that you were really at a bro science level. You could do all the research that you want, right? I said, I really bonnows all of this content for you, right? And once you finish the test, it's not like this all said and done. You still have access to the book. You could still go back and refer. You could still go back and look for answers. Where do you have some questions that clients have for you that you may not necessarily know? You can still go back to those resources and find an answer or analyze and piece of given and create an answer, right? The other thing I would say, and this is extreme gain, extreme gain. Get the nutrition certification. You can get a person, you can get a personal trainer, certified. I'll be honest. After I got, I think I lost your audio just for a second or a little. Yes. Yeah, my bad. So you're dropping your terminal to me. Yeah, somebody just got a lot of these blew it off. But yeah, when they caused the nutrition, get the nutrition certification. After I got my certified person, trying to certification and not observe others training, I quickly realized it's not the working out that's getting the results. It's literally the nutrition. And because I saw the gap, I went ahead and got the nutrition certification next. And the nutrition certification on top of the personal training, pushing on a very niche demographic. There's not a lot of personal trainers that are nutritionists. That's a huge gap. And that is a huge area where you can win in. So I'll tell you, 100% get nutrition certified. That's huge. I'm so glad that you mentioned the nutrition. And we always hear the saying, you can't outwork bad nutrition. It's hard if we, you know, eat not a fast food and go into the gym. At some point, we not consider results. Or the results can be so much better if we were really focused on the nutrition and being able to give that guidance. As we close out here, I just want to answer last couple of questions. I see shout out to the real brand market. It's always a great idea to invest in yourself. Hand-no-ass. I've already got a degree already. How do I apply for a job? It's actually a great question. This doesn't always come up. People don't always know. You don't have to have a college or four year degree or even a two year degree to be able to get into fitness as a personal trainer. But you do need your certification. And even if you do have a four year degree, you do still need your certification after that or in conjunction with that four year degree. Because that's what gyms are going to require. That's one of the things you're going to ask for when you go to get insurance, whether you're working on your own or start your own business. So those are key elements and benefits of having the certification is that it can be an alternative path. I know for me, I started working as a personal trainer. I was really my first real job that I was in college, coming home, working as summers at a snack fitness gym at Arizona. And those experiences I still remember because I got into the best shape of my life. I was also helping other people get in the shape as well. And that gives essentially keeps on giving. So Leah, it's been such an amazing time being able to chat with you today. People are talking about just how rich your content is, how much they appreciate your page, make sure you give Leon a follow up. You're not already following I.S.A. online, please do. And we truly appreciate the content and the wisdom a couple of takeaways. Make sure you're willing to invest in yourself. Get your certification. Also, don't be afraid to help a few people for free. It may be starting with a couple of clients or people in your network, helping them get results sharing that progress in that process, which can open you up to more referrals, more opportunities. And then obviously continue to invest not just in personal training, but also upskill into nutrition as well. Because Leon, as you mentioned, it opens up more doors and now it's an immediate upsell for those personal training clients as well. So, man, I appreciate you anything and closing that you want to say to the I.S.A. trainers and community, the floor's yours. I'm happy to be here. Then I'll then invest in this. I made this far. 100% worth it. I've recooled the investment. Times 10 already really more. Not gonna get a multiply number. But man, the nutrition, man, the nutrition. I cannot, I can't, I can't say it. It's any game that you're all that you're all in here right now. Get the nutrition. Sorry, if I can go back and do it again, I probably would get the nutrition certification because everybody can, everybody can be a trainer, right? Whether you certified or not. That's, that's a flooded market unless you drill down niche into exactly the demographic of who your trainer. Now, as somebody who's a nutritionist, as somebody who will talk to you about macros, as somebody who will talk to you about micronutrients, as your client about, be able to provide your client on what fiber intake is important. Tell them about what, what, what, it was exceeding their, the, the, the, the, the, uh, recommended allowance of cholesterol. Tell them how saturated fat impacts their diet. Tell them about how, how iron is the most common deficiency in women. It's this level of education that you won't get unless, unless, unless you are nutrition and certified, man. Don't miss out on that free game. I said it so many times. Please get that nutrition certification first. If you're looking at it, best case scenario of do both at the science arm, but just understand the workouts don't work unless the nutrition is in place. The nutrition is in place. The workouts could be 50% and still work. So the nutrition is heavy and that's free, guys. There we go. Thank you so much, Leon. We appreciate you. Thank you for inspiring so many folks today and having incredible weekend. We'll see the kills. Alright? I'll show the feelings.