Welcome back everyone for another I.S.S.A. Talks Episode. I'm your host, Jenny Leiball. I'm super excited to be here with an amazing not only influencer but like an actual trainer who's out there doing all the things that a lot of you guys want to do. So I'm super excited to learn about her career and also we're going to talk to her about how she uses something called true culture to the partner of I.S.A. Great platform. One of many let's be honest but I want to know how she uses this platform. I have with me Angela Gargano welcome Angela. Thank you so much for having me. Yeah, super excited to hear about you. So I know that you've done quite a few things so will you tell our listeners or our watchers a little bit about you and that's some of the things that you've done. Yeah, I mean definitely have an extensive background. So if you want to hear like my titles I've been on American Ninja Warrior six times which is pretty wild. I also won the Miss Fitness America in 2016 and right now I have been on three different covers of magazines, oxygen magazine, women's health, local magazine. But more importantly what I do is I actually have been helping women specifically conquer their pull ups online. I should do it in person. And as a trainer you know my experiences I owned my own physical gym for about two years. So I worked. I've done the whole like 5 a.m. to like 9 p.m. training people every single day where I learned a ton about what different types of you know beginner to intermediate to advance. The age levels that you learn a lot by doing. So definitely get a lot of in person. Then I wound up shutting down that gym and I was working in New York City for a while. So I was working with a lot of celebrities, things along those lines a little bit different. But I was more there to really learn from the trainers that were in that space. So I could really learn about the techniques they use so that I could bring it to my clients. And now I'm physically completely online. We have an award-winning pull-up program like I said we primarily cater to just women to help them conquer their pull-up, which has been really exciting. And yeah, we've been at this for I was looking at it since like 2018 I've been doing this online. That's awesome. So we'll definitely get to your online coaching. But Angela, I'm actually curious. And this is kind of off-stripped. But there's a lot of people out there who want to open their own facilities. Can you talk to us a little bit about what that experience was like and maybe some reasons why you ended up leading that space? For sure. I mean, I think that what happens is a lot of times you're training, maybe you're training out of a facility or maybe I was training. I was like renting space from a spot that I was at for a while, right? And then all of a sudden and I went from like not having a ton of clients to like a lot of clients. And the next thing is like they're all like when you're going to open your own gym, like you're going to do it. And I just like, okay, like whatever. I guess what I didn't personally realize when I first started, this is when I was obviously much younger, but I'm very like messy action girl. Like I'll just go for it. There's a lot more that goes into it than you open a gym. You definitely turn in from being, you know, you're primarily working with your clients, which is so important. You're going to still do that. But now when you own a physical location, when I went at finding a spot to rent, you know, you have other things to worry about, right? So you've got to worry about, you know, the accounting, the landlord stuff, the cleaning, the, you know, thinking about the author. It's just other stuff that you're going to have to work on as well as paying the employees, make sure that making sure that people are actually paying you because now you have an overhead of a whole space that you need to take over. So while I 100% love working with my clients, the other things were things that I just kind of, you know, I had to learn as I get eyes at one. But I don't know what I was thinking. In my head, I was like, I'm an open this gym. It's just going to be the same. I'm just going to work with clients all the time. But there's a lot of other things that go into owning a business and opening a gym. So sometimes I feel like if that's something that someone on here wants to do, if you want to open a gym, I'm so happy I had that experience. I thought it was great. The reason why I stopped doing it is because I realized that I really wanted to travel more and, you know, do all these different things and it's really tough to do that when you have your own facility. I mean, it's really going to take a while for that to be a thing. Some people are super happy with just staying at their gym all the time. They didn't want to leave, like whatever that's told them, then it's totally for you. But for me, I was like, I want to go travel into these things and I couldn't do those things when I owned my physical facility. So that's why I stopped doing it. Yeah, and they keep it being real with that because some people don't realize, like, oh, yeah, I can't take vacations. Oh, yeah, I can't leave. Oh, yeah, I don't really get days off, right? Especially if you want to be hands on and can it. Like, you're there every day. And I've owned a business. It wasn't fitness related. But I had a dog daycare fun fact. For a dozen years. And I was one of those people like dogs. Our people's children. There you go. You're a little guy. Oh, it's about a little nugget. Yes. But dogs are people's kids, right? And so I didn't, I, it's, of course, I trusted my staff, you know, but I wanted to be there every day to make sure that it was running exactly how I needed it to run. People felt good, right? I was there with I knew all the animals, right? I get it. And you. Yeah, for sure. This is the same exact thing. A hundred percent. Like you love the people, the things. But then they're not seeing too all the extra pressure that is put on you now. Now that you do on your own facility, right? They're not paying on time, stuff like that's happening. You're like, oh, like, I know you're in a personal level. But like, come on. Yeah, it's a whole nother animal. So speaking of talk to us about that transition from the physical location that you own into online. First of all, was it an easy transition? And then secondly, like, what did that process look like for taking your clients online? For sure. I mean, definitely wasn't an easy transition. Like, first of all, I felt like I was like disappointing everybody by shutting down this gym because you create like a family and, you know, whatever. But, you know, luckily I sat back and I realized, you know, if they're going to be okay, I made sure they were super taking care of. I had there's a lot of gyms that were in that area and I connected them with them and I made sure they've won. And I, you know, I just made sure they had a place to go next because I think that was really important for me. So yeah, shutting it down was really tough. For sure, I didn't make anyone any of the other bit. Like, you know, you lose, like, after all of that. And I actually wound up the transition was tough at first. I actually moved back at home, which was like so tough. And I was living back with my dad. He wasn't really ever home. It's in New Jersey. So I was like, commute into the city. And I really kind of had to pick myself back up from the roundup. Like, I literally was at zero. Like, okay, cool, what do I need to do? But with the last of me that I had, I actually invested in just like finding a coach online to help me figure out how to even online coach because it's very much different to do it online. And that's why I was really happy that I did. I found true coach super early. Like, on, I think a lot of people are finding it now. But I had it for a while because do like, okay, how do I take this experience that I had with them in person and make them feel that same feeling online when I'm not physically like right there next to them. So the first thing I did was definitely learn like went through the course with this, this woman. You're just talking to some more like how to market, try and figure out what you want to work through. And she was great with like the same as me, like just messy action, like just post on Instagram, say that you're getting clients and she was very big on like don't build too much out yet because when you searched for start online, like you're going to figure out your style and what works for you by working with people for someone on one. So um, God, interestingly, like I was so surprised. I got like a good like five women, which is so great. And just kind of went from there, figured out, you know, did my normal kind of evaluation, but did it online to see where they're at. And I really built the program around them and like what they needed. And I learned a lot of like how they, you know, felt supported. How much I actually really needed to check it on them, right? Because I feel like especially like you said what you're dog daycare. Like you feel like when you're not with them, like you want to check it on them all the time. And that can also turn into something that's not helping you there, right? Because you need to be able to like also like live your life and you're like, I'm trying to check it all the time. But then you realize they don't actually need all that, right? Support. They do need check ins and stuff like that. But you figure out what works for you in your lifestyle and you figure out what works for them. I think the biggest transition with it was reminding myself that the reason I stopped owning my gym is because I wanted to create something that worked for me. And it almost felt like selfish to say that. But it's like what works for me? That's still going to give them the same result that I'm not going to have to am not so crazy over delivering on things. And yeah, that sounds like you're not giving them what they need, but you literally are. Like you're still giving them everything. It's just not being obsessed about it all the time. Checking on true code, job the time and seeing it. Like it's like, okay, cool, check on them. Like twice a week, have your office hours like laid out that kind of thing. So yeah, the biggest transition was first. Just figuring out how specifically you're going to train them online and get everyone's styles a little bit different. I really started getting my rhythm and like what was really working for me. And then yeah, did all of the stuff on true code? It's how to put your clients on there. And then once I started developing programs, I started realizing, you know, seeing very similar things over and over again, similar people figuring out the people I really wanted to work with and those things. So then you start to come, you know, figure out basically your template for what your training program is going to be like and you would make the adjustments based on that. And true code just great about that, right? Because after you do that all like with the one client, you can take that, you can try it into a template. And then you can figure out, you know, what adjustments you want to make. Like, there's so many times I had literally same exact situations. Okay, cool. I'm going to use the same template. It worked we know it worked. Maybe I had to just a few days around because the person's schedule is different, which is totally fine. And then you're really figuring that out. And now that I had that whole template because of true code, now my pull-up program is very passive. It's a program that's already made. That one's not hosted on true code anymore, but I literally still utilize true coach for other like for small group training, it's like that as well. But it was so helpful because I went through so many different templates and versions of that program, so that I was able to develop it and now the one program that I have, it works over and over again for all the people coming into it. I love that Angel. And you're bringing up some really good points. So I'm a fitness professional myself of 16 years now and I use true coach for my college athletes. And you're pointing out some really great features of true coach, which I love, which is that you can create like a program essentially. And then you can assign different people to it and have them have different start dates in that program. You're starting on day one. This person's starting on day 10, right? You can basically mold it to what you need it for to be for each person, but it's like a couple clicks versus having to create an entire program for each person. So I love that you're doing that. I love that. The whole video is one of our first ever. Yeah. Yeah, and I love that you're pointing that out because some people like to ever come up with. Oh, can you hear me now? Yeah. Yeah. When you said over when you say over complicated 100%. I feel like a lot of trainers are over complicating in it and it doesn't need to be over complicating like the the basics of wargs. Oh, like it doesn't need to be crazy. And what I love so much about it as well if if you are on here and haven't used a platform as well and the biggest thing is so you know, trainers have had before was said me look full excel sheet, both in like no links to like what the videos are or they're setting me like videos like in a separate thing and I have to like find them and click them and watch them and it looks super annoying. Shugo just great because you create. They have extra size library on there, but I created my own. But once you type in whatever movement it is to it literally puts it directly like that movement is now directly a video in there for your clients. So now you're not like searching and they're not searching. They're right there. They're going through it. They're able to click the video, watch you and how you perform it. This way it's making it seamless for them to show up, right? Because you know, nobody I know for me. I'm that that would be too much for me when they give me like thing. There's not I don't know what this movement means and stuff like that. And then the videos are scattered around. It's all like one nice organized place. Absolutely. And you brought up another thing that I want to ask you about. So you created your own video library which is super easy to do. You basically just shoot a video. You can put it on YouTube or link it from your phone if you're on your phone. But YouTube is easy because then you have a library. You link it and then they see you. Talk to me about the benefits of putting you on their versus using a random exercise library. Yeah. I mean, I really love using myself because when I feel like they feel a little more connected to me. But also, I actually put voice over on all of mine. So about talking through it. You can do that if you want to. I just have me doing the movement and then there's a voice over in the back. And it's just explaining different cues that I have for that movement. And then it's a great place for like let's say that movement has some modifications and things that you always see come up from the people that you had in person. You can now put those modifications in there as well. If it's push ups, okay cool. Here's the push up. If you don't feel comfortable with your push-up just quite yet. Like here you can do it on an inclined. Like so you kind of can tell them all those different things in that one video. But yeah, I think that makes it a little more personal. And every coach is so different with how they cue things, which I think is so special. Like I love the way I I hugged things sometimes like the act like I used to go to the gymnasts. So it's like children sometimes. But they love that. Right? They're like, oh, I remembered when you said to pretend like you're squeezing oranges in your armpits. And then you know, so they're really listening to those things. So I definitely feel like doing the library's very bad official. If you do put it on YouTube, you put them unlisted. It's great. And this way you can now utilize those videos for a million other things as well. They never get lost. And I also find that your coach is great. I'll go in there like when someone has messages in here and Instagram about a move. And they're like, oh, like I was wondering about this one move or something. I'll go into two coach. You can like search the movement. And I just can literally easily get the link then super organized and just send that to them in there as well. I love that. And I love that you're talking about this because you're adding your personality to it to write your cues. I love that you even put modifications in your videos. Because some people will watch a video that has no sound or it's just like music in the background. And they're like, are there elbows bit? Where's their hand? I don't I can't quite tell, right? But yeah, you're able to talk them through it from start to finish as if they were there. So I love that. Yeah, and you know how does to write you. I mean, I need this happen to be all the time. I'm very slow learner. I went to watch a video and then your client goes to perform the work that movement. They think they're doing it right. It's like, I kind of go into the video and then the video because it was so cool. Also about your career just they can video their movement and send it back to you. So you can give them four questions. And then what's what's great about that is they might have watched that video and like really had no idea like just okay cool. You come back on there. You give them some advice, hey, you know what? Make sure your elbows are like this and stuff like that so you can really help them. So yeah, that's why videos are so important to be super clear because even if it's a great video, they might still have things that they just like, doesn't quite click right away. And that's okay. That's what you are there for to be to be a coach. But definitely it being you. I feel like me is it much more personal. Nice. I love that. And yes, I've had clients like professional athlete clients that didn't know how to squat and I didn't know until they set me a video and I was like, oh, that. What are you doing? I'm like, that's not it. We're going to go great start. Oh. Yeah, it's like, is that how you always squat? And you're like, yeah, I was like, oh, no wonder you're that great. I love that. Now, as an early adopter of the true coach. And then I have a couple questions about this American Ninja Warrior thing. We're going to get, but as an early adopter of true coach, are there any features that are available now that you saw them like add along the way that you're like, oh, this is a game changer. Oh, I really like this feature. Are there any features like that? For sure. I mean, I definitely like it's so funny. I'm, I'm trying to get it in pretty involved with them. So I have so many, I'm like, you just, if you did this, it's just be such a game changer. And they definitely have been adding a bunch of different features. One of the ones I really like that they just added was the group messaging before you could like message everybody like separately in one broadcast, which is great. But like, I'm always like the biggest thing, especially as, you know, you start training on the notice that you could definitely do group programs, make more money, the clients get an amazing experience. So now what you can do is you can put them all into a group chat with you and any other coaches you might have like done there as well. And everyone can communicate in that group chat, which is important because community accountability that kind of stuff is going to help them continue to show up. So really happy to the ad that. The ad is the habit tracker that I haven't able to do anything. It was a fully, you said, yeah, but I think that's great because what you, you'll notice as you do your work with your clients is not just the workouts, right? They were, you know, go, are you walking? Like there's a lot of like basic things they may not be doing. So I love what they added the habit tracker. Try to think what else they added. They added like so many different things as like they've had it for so long. I think those are the two big ones that I really was excited that they had added. Nice. Yeah, I agree. I like the calendar view and how you can build the workout on the calendar instead of taking you to another page like other apps that I use or have used in the past. Like when you click on the calendar it takes you to a different window to build the workout, not in the calendar, which makes it so much easier to edit as well. Oh my god. Yeah, especially as a trainer, it's like it's almost like an art. Like you're trying to adjust things. You want to add that. Then you're like, shit, I want to make sure they have enough this movement. It's literally like an art when you're doing it. So it's so great to see that overview of it. Yes. And then you can see the next day and a couple days ahead, you can scroll down and see that then just go right back to it instead of having to change windows all the time. For sure. Oh my, wow. I've never worked with another one. So that would have drove my crazy. Yeah, it does. It makes me so I have it open in like different tabs. So I can see well, what is their last week? Look like what is next week? Look like right? And then this is the workout that I'm building and I have to flip between tabs and it is annoying. Oh yeah, that would make me crazy. Especially because a lot of this stuff for doing is repetitive, right? It's like progressive over low stuff. It's like you're doing the first week is pretty base. They're like base, base, and stuff. And then you're starts to advance it a little bit depending on how they did or what adjustments you need to make. So very important to be able to look at it and see what happened. Yes. Okay. I'm glad I'm not the only one who loves that. So okay. Now Angela, I want to talk to you about some of you and potatoes here. American Ninja Warrior. I heard you used to be a gymnast and you trained gymnast. So that might be your lead in there. And then talk to me how that ended up with your pull-up program. Oh, yeah, super wild. So basically, yeah, I went on American Ninja Warrior because I was really looking for that next thing. I had done fitness competitions in between gymnastics, but I'm sure you weren't athletes while right. I feel like you know how it is. Like for me, I'm going to call a jack-licks. There's over. What am I doing? I'm just doing myself. Those are trying to find things to do. So the second one was like, okay, fitness competitions. So it was kind of still kind of during gymnastics because that's like all the acrobaties to type stuff. But I was looking for the next thing. And people were like, oh, you were really good on the bars in gymnastics. You'd probably be great out of American Ninja Warrior. And I honestly don't watch a ton of TV. So I didn't even know what it was. So my friend convinced me to apply applied to the show. I went and I was like, oh my goodness, I know not an Ninja. Like what have we even knew? And because I only had a few weeks to train for it and find how to ninja, I started to fall in love with the sport. And it was really great about the sport. I really feel like it really challenged me to get a different way. For fitness competitions, yeah, you were being athletic, but it was about what your body looked like. Okay, you got to be Tony, got to be lean, blah, blah, blah. Ninja Warrior doesn't matter if you're like cone and lean or whatever. It's like, can you get through that obstacle? Like you're going to be able to physically make it. So what I loved is that real transition from focusing on what I looked like to my strength. And that's what we really started happening with my clients. So my clients were coming into me and they were like, oh, so cool. It's your American Ninja Warrior. I've always just wanted to be able to do a pull-up. And I'm like, okay, so let's get a pull-up. And immediately they'd say, like, I'm never going to be able to do that. Like, I'm in my 40s or my 50s. Like, I couldn't do it in high school. Like, how am I going to be able to do that now? And I'm like, well, if we try, we 100% can make it happen and make it a reality for you. And in the process of doing this with them, helping them get their pull-up, getting them drills and things along those lines, you start to see a confidence build about them. Like, they started to feel more confident in their body, more confident about, you know, just in, if I can, if they're doing this implacable move, like, they could do a million of these things in their life. They didn't think they could do before. So I really transitioned into just focusing on pull-ups because of that. I feel like it's a great gateway to everything else, right? And I feel like it's really important if you're training online to really niche down. You don't have to niche down like me and be like just a pull-up person. But there's a lot of people out there doing everything. But what if you could do something like, like, one thing very, very, like, well, like, that's what we focus on. And again, it's the gateway. They come in, they get their pull-up with me. And then we have on true coach the next program, which is strong feels good. So they focus on, you know, they're incorporating their pull-ups into full body workouts. So I think really important, you know, for trainers on there to know that as well, figure out like what it is that you're so good at. And I really focus on that. And that would bring them in. And then I'll help them with so many other things. But yeah, the pull-ups just, it really for me, it was about that look on their face when they finally got it. I was like, this is so special. It was just so much more than just the pull-up. It's like, they say, like, I can't remember what they said. People say like, um, they come in wanting one thing. But you give them what they, like, they really needed instead. Um, which I think is the way. I would think. I would think one, you gave them what they needed. Exactly. Right. They come in. They want their pull-up. They came out more confident. They feel better with their body. Ready to try the next thing. Like, it's so exciting to see that. So that's why I leaned more into that one thing. And that one niche. But again, it took me years. Like, I didn't for a lot of people. I think that sometimes they want to like make these online programs and like sell them, like, just the same programs to everybody. But like, I really refined it over and over and over again with one-on-one people to really make sure that it was, it was a good fit. And once I felt like it was a good fit for whoever came in, then I created it into a program that like, everyone does now. Um, so really important to kind of sit down and refine and figure out what you're really good at. What you're excited about for them. Oh, it's like your inside my brain. You're taking all the words right now. I love that you're saying this because the biggest point for me is anybody who's interested in doing this and kind of finding their niche is you chose something that means something to you that you're good at, right, that resonates with you and then you built something around it. And so it's you show up every day to this program with passion versus, oh, I just picked this because I thought it would make money. Right. Exactly. It's the next bad thing. It's like, whatever. I'm like, no, I'm ignoring all that. Like, I don't care what the next bad thing is we're going to stick to our method. And also, yeah, like you said, being really passionate about it, I think since there is a lot of noise out there in the industry in the space, like, I tell people when they come into the program, like, this is my approach to getting this flip, like, I do a different length. This is how I do it. There's probably a million other ways to get the pull up. Like, that's okay. And that's totally fine. But yeah, when you show up and you're passionate and you're really, you really believe in, like, your method and what you're doing, they're going to believe it to, right? If you're like, oh, I don't know. Someone told me that this is not supposed to do it this way. And I need to do it like those and change that. Like, no, just be really confident in your method. And it will do super well. Love it. So, Ada, where can people find you your programs more about you? Where can they find you on true coach? Give me everything and I'll type it and we'll put it in the description for the episode. Yeah, of course. So, my Instagram is at Angela, underscore Gargano. So, it's just my name. And if you want to check out the pull up revolution, we are Instagram is literally at pull revolution. So, I can find us on there. And typically, what we do to bring people in, I mean, everyone has their different ways, but we do free workshops. So, I do a free workshop every single month for pull ups to teach women at, like, again, very, we go through just like my process, make it them real excited. And then, then, then, that's how we get people into the pull up program. So, do these things. And again, Benico's in the strong field skin, which is on true coach, blah, blah, blah. So, it kind of goes down the line, but there. But obviously, at Angela and underscore Gargano and full revolution is the best place to find me, message me, all those things. And we're really, I'm really been thinking about lately, we're probably going to do this towards the end of the year. So, we've got to go on, but helping women, helping people get certified and being a full coach for women. So, I've had a lot of coaches take the program and they're like, can you please make this a certification? And I'm like, if don't my list, so we'll probably try and make it something certified so that other coaches can learn how to speak specifically to a woman as they're doing this really impossible task and show them a method if they want to use it. Very cool. I love that. So, we will keep it ear out for that. Please let us know when you've got that up and going and we'll absolutely tell everybody all about it. Or, sure. Very cool. Well, thank you so much for your time. Angela, this has been really cool.