Oh, hello, John. It's time again. You guys in certified personal trainer course in our boot camps have been doing such a great job of sending in questions and making us answer and have conversations with you guys that we have a little bit extra. So today is, I don't know how many of these we've done, but this is office hours after hours for those of you who don't know again office hours is what we typically do on Fridays or answer your guys questions. And we had so many of them that we, we got to record a little bit more and do it separately. But we want to make sure we address all the really good questions I come through. Absolutely. Some really great questions, guys. And like John said, we want to make sure we get to all of them. So that means having two videos, we will do two videos just like this. All right, John. So I think we had something like 11 or 12 extra questions that we didn't get to on Friday. So let's go ahead and dive on in. You want to take it away with the first one? Yeah, the first one is it's a very common question that we get because I think, you know, I think you guys trust our opinions on these things, but at some point, you will have to make the decision for yourself based on some of our opinions. So this question says, would you recommend starting your own business or starting in a commercial gym? So let's, let's first kind of define what the difference between the two is. If you work for a commercial gym, that means you're going to be employed by that gym or that or that company. And you know, that means a few things. That means that having an employer, they will be able to dictate quite a few things. They have some things that they need out of you and they're going to dictate those needs. Like when do they need staff? You know, the different rules and regulations and policies they may have in terms of working there as a personal trainer. What you might charge and how much you would make, how you make your money in the first place, all of this stuff versus when you run your own business, then for the most part, that's up to you. You know, if it's your business, if you start your own personal training business, then you make your hours, you decide how much you're going to charge. You decide, you know, the different tools, different things that you're going to use in order to track your business and that sort of thing. But another way of putting that is that when you are starting a business, that means all of the responsibility is on you. When you're employed somewhere, it's not necessarily your responsibility that the lights work. It's not necessarily your responsibility that all the machines are working the way that they should. There's oftentimes a maintenance person for that or a facilities person. It's not necessarily your responsibility when you're employed by a gym that there are systems in place for taking payment for scheduling, for marketing. It's not necessarily your responsibility, but when you are running your own business, it is your responsibility. So as much as it sounds great to be able to make all the decisions for yourself and make you don't schedule and that sort of thing, there's also the work and the responsibility involved. And sometimes it takes a little know-how in order to do those things. Not everyone is born with an MBA, right? Not everyone's born with a bunch of business savvy and not everyone is born with experience in the field. So I say all that to say that I do happen to have the opinion that working in a commercial gym is great for kind of getting your feet wet and understanding some different aspects of the business and also just for you to get some repetitions in. If you've never actually tried to sell personal training to someone, maybe it's great if you can get a thousand repetitions and trying to sell personal training. Maybe if you've never tried to market services, maybe it's nice to be in an environment where services are being marketed and you kind of see how it's done. And then as far as the operation side, you can learn a lot from being in a health club. So I think there's a lot to learn there. Now granted, a lot of you are going to come from different experiences. Some of you may already have experience being a business owner and someone who is an owner operator and that sort of thing. So you'll have some insights that someone else would not. So this is the said that I don't think one is necessarily better than the other, especially for just talking about service and clients. If you're about expanding your business and owning a brick and mortar owning your own gym, it's a little bit of a different conversation. But in terms of just being a personal trainer, I wouldn't say there's necessarily one that's better than the other. I think it depends on the person, depends on your experience level. And I think there can be a lot gained from working in a health club. And by the way, I've known some people that did work in a health club for a long time. Did become very business savvy. Did become much better at doing the job and sales and marketing all that. And I decided to stay in the health club for a number of reasons. And again, there's nothing wrong with being a well compensated employee. In some cases, that's for a lot of people the best option. So again, I don't think one is necessarily done in the other. I would say they're different. I agree with that, John. I would say it depends on what are you trying to do. There's pros to books, right? There's good things about doing both. But what makes sense for you? Do you want that structure? Do you want some guidance? You want to get your feet wet for you, dive in? Because yeah, like John said, guys, owning your own business and having to manage everything on your own. That's like, that's not for everybody. And it's definitely not for the faint of heart. So for some people that are not interested in that or maybe want to work their way up to that versus diving in feet first and figuring it out, there's opportunities to do that by working for somebody else. And I love the way you said that John, there's nothing wrong with being a well compensated employee. And that's a great way to think about it. There's plenty of people who work in health clubs who make more than what they want to make. They like it. They like the structure that aren't to think about stuff. They just show up, do their work and leave. So if that's, there's a great option. I personally started my career that way and I believe you did two John, right? I started in health clubs. And then it took me a couple of years to be like, okay, I'm ready to branch off and do my own thing. I feel like I have this training part down. Business ownership is a whole other thing. And so it took me several years to get to the point where I was like, I feel confident, morning and running my own business outside of working for somebody. And then I started to do that and have been doing that ever since. So love that nice nice nice, nice, nice, stay to John. Thank you. Next question that we didn't get to. If a client really breaks down during a session or talking like, but emotional breakdown, how should this be handled? Exercise can be cathartic and can cause large emotional reactions. I think anything in life can cause large emotional reactions. What's the best way to total line between empathy and professionalism? So this one I don't know that I have a specific answer for it, but it depends on the person. Right? So it depends on the client or the person that's having that reaction or that response. But I would dare say, John, would you say it depends on the trainer to cause some people are a little bit more empathetic who would want to sit down and be like, oh, let's talk about it. Or you're okay, right? And there's other people who are going to be like, I can, what am I looking at right now? I get, and there are neither of those responses is wrong, but it also depends on how, what your level of comfort is dealing with somebody who is hyper emotional or who gets emotional for whatever reason. So to give you an example, just an example, me personally, I have big emotions, I have big, a big personality. But depending on the situation, there's times where I'm okay with dealing with some of the emotions and I'll be like, oh my gosh, what's going on? Let's sit down and let's talk about it. What do you need for me? And there's other times where I'm like, I don't have time for this. So I think like, and the situations for me would be like, with an average client, I will absolutely show some empathy and like try and figure out what's going on, but there are things above and beyond my scope where I'm like, okay, maybe we need to, you know, let press pause on today. Let's pick up when you're ready. I'm going to send you home, see whoever you need to see. Let me know when you're ready to come back. But for me, when I coach my athletes, John, like specifically my volleyball players or my basketball players. And especially my females, like, I get it or girls. We have big emotions and stuff. In a lot of times, what is it, a league of their own? They were like, there's no crying in baseball. Like sometimes when they have big emotional reactions, I'm like, you can have all your feels, but right now is not the time to have them. Right. So it depends on who I'm talking to and in what situation as to how I personally would handle it. So I think it really depends on the individual that's having the the reaction or response and the personal trainer, what they feel comfortable handling. What would you say, like, as a male, John, maybe this might come out different for you. What does that look like for you? Well, you know, the question is stated, what if a client really breaks down and that's that's a kind of an extreme example, but people are going to have like good days and bad days. Right. And it's definitely worth asking your client sometimes, you know, how are you feeling today about this workout? I mean, we don't have like, maybe it'll make you feel better. Maybe you need some time to yourself. So I think it's worth it to ask those questions. I think I would be much better at these sorts of things now as opposed to when I started. I was, you know, still a pretty young person when I started as a trainer. So I just had less experience with dealing with with people. So, but I do know that I've had several times over the years where people were experiencing all kinds of emotions during workouts, whether it be anxiety, sadness, grief, joy, happiness, all these things. But it's the times when it may seem like maybe getting through that workout may not be the best thing for them. You don't have to tell them that, but I think it is worth it to ask how they're feeling and if they want to keep going because, you know, as it turns out, sometimes, you know, as much as we'd love to say, it's sometimes working out in that moment is not the thing that they need or they want to do. And that's perfectly, perfectly okay as well. And you don't have to feel like you have to turn into their psychologist. But I think it's worth it to ask a couple questions as something they want to keep going. And again, this is something that probably over the thousands of sessions I did. I mean, this probably, just a handful of times where this even came up. Honestly, but I like I said, I do think it is worth it to ask a couple of those questions. Yeah, to make sure that they're okay with moving forward. And if they're not, let them know that's okay too. Yeah. I love that. And I think the big overwhelming point there, John, is it's okay either way. Right? Whatever you need, let's do that. All right. Next question. Is it advised to create a brand after significant success after you worked for a large gym by creating a website, not for in classes outside of a normal gym you are partnered with? I wouldn't say it's advised. Do you want to do that? Are you looking to create your own brand? Like I said, you know, this kind of relates to that first question. Being a well compensated employee where all the responsibility is off of you. Where you don't have to take your taxes out of your paycheck. You don't have to do all that stuff. Maybe that's the way to go. And don't forget, sometimes when you're employee somewhere, there's room for growth. You can get into leadership and management. Those are skills that are great to learn as well and lend themselves to other areas. So okay, I wouldn't say it's advised for you to do those things. But can you for sure? Is that something you want to pursue? That's up to you. And then how you go about it depends on what sort of brand you're creating. Is it just you as the brand? Are you creating a company? Are you creating a gym? Are you creating an online service? These are all the questions that you would have to ask for yourself. Or ask of yourself before deciding what you're going to do. And then the last part says something like creating classes beyond the normal gym you're partner with. Sure, sure. I mean, again, this is not new. This is something that's happening now. And again, I wouldn't say it's advised to do that. Is that something that you want to do? And then if you decide that you're going into business for yourself, now you've got to be a business person. You're not just a trainer that now says, now I'm doing it myself. And I'm telling you, that's how too many people have done it. And it goes up and flints. You have to become a business person on top of being a trainer if you are going to have your own business. Yeah. And then John to bring up one more thing too. They said, you know, going above and beyond the normal gym that you're partnered for, or working with, working for, just know the guys that there might be non-complete issues that you need to look into. So I wouldn't say make it a problem if it's not a problem. But as you're getting employed, somewhere you might want to ask if there's a non-complete, or know what you're signing when you sign up for employment somewhere. And I only bring this up because I've worked for some big gyms that had non-competes, whether or not they're enforceable. That's a whole other story. But they have them there. And it gives them the ability to go after someone legally. If they, for example, open up a gym or start training, doing something that they were doing for that company, within a certain radius. Or if they're doing it within a certain time period. Okay? So I've seen big gyms go after people. Again, whether or not it can be held up in a court of laws and other story, but they can absolutely take you to court and make it very expensive for you. And I've seen companies do that to people. Good or bad, like it or lump it, it can happen. So just know what you're signing up for. No, if there's any regulations or restrictions on what you can, and cannot do outside of your employment in that place. Awareness is the first step and then go from there. Cool. Next question here, John. I'm more curious about the next step after completing my courses. What's my next move? I'm looking for something more online and flexible where I can help coach clients and work on nutrition ones. I finished this certification. So I think this person kind of answered their own question. What's next? Right? Sounds like nutrition is their next step. After they finish their personal training certification, awesome. That's a great next step, a very useful next step for most personal trainers. But if you're looking for something online and flexible, well, there you go. So then the question is, do you want to start something on your own? Whether you offer it to social media, like virtual training guides could be a lot of different things. It could be Zoom calls. Like this, it could be through email. It could be texting clients. It could be through a website. It could be through your social media. Lots of different ways. They even go about working with people online where it's very flexible. Or do you want to work for an organization that already has something like this set up? So which there are places out there that already have this established. And then you just go work for them. And you fill in your schedule out into a little bit more flexible, but it is online. So I would say maybe explore some of those opportunities. And like John was talking about earlier, decide do you want to be a business person as well? Oh, do you have the work for someone to have them take care of all the nitty gritty and the details for you? And you just perform. I think knowing the answer to that question, John, and it sounds like you agree with me, knowing the answer to that question, do you want to do a business thing? Do you want to be a business owner? Do you want to work? Like have somebody else take care of that for you? That's kind of a first step for you decide which route to start looking into. Because otherwise, it might take you down some rabbit holes that you might not necessarily want to be in. That's right. Yeah, and you have to ask yourself, what do you want to be responsible for? Because sometimes all here things like this, well, if you're in a business for yourself, that means you get all the money. And that's like kind of true, but that means you also have all the expenses. So I'm not going to say it evens out. If you're running your own business successfully, it can go really well for you. But, you know, there's a lot, there's a lot more responsibility and a lot more expenses on your part if you are the one running the business sometimes. And by point of working in a gym, sometimes you just get to show up and be a trainer. And you can work on that part. And that can be a really good thing for a lot of people. Yeah, real good job. No, that's a great example you guys in that. I, somebody guys know me and you know that I own a sports performance company here in Arizona. John, we're about to get into season, right? We start in January technically, but we're going to start training in December. We just decided that this morning part of the business. I got a text message at 11 p.m. that I responded to at 430 this morning about when are we starting? And we decided we're going to start on December 30. It is what October 28th when we're recording this. So we have a month and a half or so, little less than that to get everything in order. So John this morning, I renewed my insurance from my training business. $280 out of my pocket to John's point. I have to pay for that upfront. I have it started making money from this season yet. I had to pay that out of my pocket and then put it in a spreadsheet. I also started my flyers and like all my waivers that I have to go send a FedEx to get printed. And that's going to be about 300 bucks. Usually for flyers and waivers and enough for all the athletes that I know I'm going to have coming in. And then I need to go send that off, pay for that, go pick it up. I need to start, do you guys get the point? So there's things that as a business owner, you have to start thinking about you have to plan for it. I need to contact all of my assistants that help me with my training groups and get them all lined up, make sure they're all lined. That's $20 an hour every to my pay. They have them do something, right? So there is a lot that goes into it. If you're organized and you're interested in doing that, it can absolutely be fruitful. But just now, there's a lot of work that you now have to do. Nobody else is going to do it with you. Next question, as someone who just became certified as a personal trainer and wants to work in a facility, what are some things I could be doing to make myself stand out amongst other potential hires that could potentially have more professional experience than me. So I've had to be in a position where I've conducted a lot of interviews of hired a lot of trainers. So I'll give you my perspective. I do think it is great when someone is shows up and is super professional in the sense that I feel like they're going to be a great employee. Here's what I mean. Being a great trainer is one thing. Like, can you train people, can you great programs, whatever? But when you're coming to work at a facility, you're coming to be a part of a team. So are you going to be a great part of the team? Are you going to add to the team? Or maybe that doesn't. Maybe maybe you're going to take away from the team. Maybe you're going to, which isn't the worst thing. But if we're trying to get you to stand out, which is what the question is, do I think this person is going to add to the team and in what ways? So I'd be interested in that. So some of that would be dictated by by you, your personality and your energy, your professional experience, that necessarily in personal training. But otherwise, because this is a business in a sales job. So maybe you have some skills and talents there. Working in the facility, there's a customer service aspect of it. If you don't know this, oftentimes, in especially, I've worked in some high-end places, we get high-end customer service training as a part of what we do, especially, again, for those places where that's a big emphasis, because a lot of health clubs, that's a big part of what they do is they're trying to provide the hospitality that, like, in some cases, hotels give. So again, and I work for some health clubs that we're partner with hotels, so that it baits sense in those places. But what sort of things are you bringing as an employee? And then, you know, I tend to look for people that seem to have a willingness to learn, a willingness to grow, and you know, we're truly there to help people for sure. But, you know, some of the little things that I think are important, when I asked people what sort of questions they would have for me, I really appreciated it when they had some good questions. And even the straightforward questions, like, you know, how are they going to get paid? Or what are my expectations from them as their manager? I appreciate a question like that. So, so things like that, I think are are really good things to do because, you know, I always tell people this and so I respect another people. I'm not just interviewing you. I think you should be interviewing me to see if we're a good fit because I can't totally decide that for you. That's up for you to decide. So, I think those are some of the things that can help you to stand down. Just on a more negative side, here's what else can make you stand out. If you're late, if you don't show up, if you don't show up dressed up for, you know, a professional interview, which might just be business casual, but to get, if you show up, like you're ready to, you know, play basketball or something to an interview for a job, that wouldn't work for me. That would stand out in kind of a negative way. And if you were to interview with me, this would just be me, but not necessarily everyone else. I did like to ask people what their philosophies were as far as fitness and nutrition and wellness because if you had some philosophies, that might make you stand out. I wouldn't necessarily hold it against you if you didn't have some because that's a tough question for some people, but it would make you stand out if you had answers to those questions. Agreed. And John, all great things that you're bringing up here, but also people often ask us what should I put on my resume if I don't have any fitness experience? All the things John just said to go back and read, listen to his answer, right? What customer service experience do you have? Have you ever helped somebody solve a problem, right? Have you ever worked in a team, right? All the things that they're going to ask you about in person, put that on your resume because I'm sure for most personal training jobs, they probably get dozens and dozens if not more of resumes for each job. Everybody has a certification, they should, right? But what else can you put on there that makes you stand out in a way that you would be a good part of the team or provide all those things that John just mentioned. So I love that. All right, John. The next question was, with a client that has a history of giving up with previous trainers, how do you keep them engaged and motivated so you don't feel them as well? Well, first point, and you know, I love this one, I have questions. You should probably start by asking them, part of our interview process that we talk about in our course by the way, in our program, Design Model Guys is have you ever worked with a fitness professional before? That's great information to know, right? It gives you insight to A or have they ever paid for service in before because if they have, they probably more likely to do it again, right? But secondly, if they've worked with a trainer before, your next question is, well, why aren't you working with them now? Right? It's I moved or I wasn't getting what I wanted, right? We might want to find out why they left that other person's in our stopped working with another fitness professional. Let them tell you don't make the assumption. So I would say start by how do you keep this person engaged and motivated, find out what happened, right? With as much detail as they care to share what happened before that made you stop working with this person, okay? And then another great question instead of assuming you know how to fix that, how can I provide an experience for you that's going to be different? Let them tell you what they would prefer, right? And that's why a lot of what we do in our interview process for the program design model is asking preference. What not just what types of exercise do you like to do? What environment do you like to work out? Well, have you want to be coached? You tell me because clearly somebody didn't ask you that potentially, right? How do you want me to coach you? What would you rather have different versus, oh, tell me about this person? Oh, they were terrible for you, but right? We're not here to talk about the other person. Just tell me how I can do it differently. Exactly what do you want? And I can see if I can provide that for you. So I actually would like this question, John. It starts with asking questions to find out what happened, right? What was their experience before and what did they not? Like what did they like about their previous trainers? And how can you offer them something that they would prefer? Right? Meaning you have to understand their preference. Anything else, John, that you would like to add for this one? Well, it just goes to show you sometimes we kind of overlook what's right in front of us, right? Like the question was, with a client, with a history of giving up on previous trainers, how can we keep them engaged? And it's like wrestling ourselves. If only there was someone I could ask, who would know the answers to this? And it just happens to be that person. It happens to be your client. So, so ask them. And don't you think they would appreciate it if you said, all right, so it sounds like you haven't had some great experiences in the past. Tell me about that. And how can I make this experience really work for you? Because then you'll get the answers like you don't ask me, you know, I have that as Jenny, you're asking the person that you're actually trying to give the good experience to. Next question, can this CPTB used abroad outside the United States? International Sport Sciences Association emphasis on the international. So, yes, now does this mean it's going to be your entry into the profession in every single place all over the world? No, because there are some places, some countries like the like the person that comes to mind is Australia where they have kind of their own education systems for for this profession. So, you wouldn't necessarily just go through as you would have to kind of meet their standards. But I don't even know how many countries were used in, but it's a lot, Jenny. I don't know if you happen or no one number. We are in 172 countries, if I remember correctly. But John, you make a great point, there are some places in the world, you guys where they have their own rules and regulations around it that's outside of any certification organization out there, not just us. So, yeah, John said Australia, I can think of the United Kingdom, so the UK, England and the Middle East, specifically Saudi Arabia. I know of people in those areas where they have something called reps, which is called the registry of exercise professionals. And it dictates how they have to learn the information they can't do it online. They actually have to do it with an in-person component and then there's additional tests that they have to take in those areas. We have nothing to do with that. So, what John's telling you guys is that if you are anywhere in the world, you might want to go find out what the regulations are, what you need in order to do this job are, meaning go to a potential employer. Even if you don't plan on working for an employer, you might want to ask somebody, hey, what do you guys require for employment? Because that'll give you a good idea, even if you're going to be working for yourself, what you might want to have in place to make sure that you're qualified to do what you're doing. Because everybody else, if everybody else has these qualifications over here and you're working for yourself and all you have is this, do you see how that might be weird? So, if you're not going to work for another organization, you might want to align with what everybody else in the industry in your area has to be in compliance essentially to make sure that you're right on the same plane field as they are. Great point, John. Next question here. What a 30-minute circuit, the best for group workouts or longer for individual workouts like 45 minutes and longer for individual workouts. So, they're saying 30 minutes for group workouts, 45 minutes for individual workout or like one-on-one, there is no one answer to this. We talk about frequency in the course. Frequency is how often are you doing something, right? Then we can talk about duration. How long are you doing it for? Guys, there's something that really makes sense to understand before you start deciding how long your training sessions are going to be. What's appropriate for what you're doing? I do 30-minute training sessions with my youth athletes, but it's either before after a two-hour volleyball practice. So, that kind of makes sense. Then, why do we want to do a two-hour training session after a two-hour practice or before a two-hour practice? It doesn't make sense. So, 30 minutes is usually more than enough time for 12 and 13 and 14 but also if it's a large group, I don't know what type of training are you doing? Where are you doing it? There's lots of things that you might want to consider before you decide how long it's going to be and also when it comes down to one-on-one sessions, there's no wrong answer here. But the biggest question would be John. How long do you have to train each time we see each other? Because if John tells me he has, oh, I have 90 minutes. I can do up to 90 minutes. Okay, do you see how that's one story? But if John says, yo, I'm coming in on my lunch break and by the time I change and get out there and then have to change and go back to work, I only have about 30 to 40 minutes. Do you see how then 30 or 40 minutes might be the best answer for John? Okay, and then John, I know you're probably going to speak to this. It depends on where you work to. If you're working in a facility, sometimes they have structured durations of sessions that you're selling or are supposed to be delivering, right? Yes to all that. And then the way the question was phrased was, with 30 minutes circuit the best for groups and longer be for individuals. And there, no, I mean, it could be, but it also could not be. It depends. I mean, 30 minutes is a short group workout to be honest with you. So, you know, and whereas you can get a lot done with a individual in 30 minutes, because you're just coaching that person rather than trying to control a whole lot of group. But I've taught 30 minute groups. I've done 60 minute groups. I've done 30 minute one-on-one sessions, I've done 60 minute one-on-one. So, it all comes down to you with the time that you have to work with them. Does your plan kind of accomplish what you want to accomplish within that amount of time? So, any and all of those are possible. Next question, when it comes to a clore depth, what are foods? One can look for that can give them a better sense of society to feel full longer between meals and avoid snacking. So, I mean, I guess there's basics. Like, if you eat tons of nutrient dense, not calorie dense, nutrient dense vegetables, I guess that could help. That's a, that's kind of one of my ways to do it. It's like, if you eat a whole bowl of vegetables, that's a whole bunch of food that you put in your stomach. So, therefore, there's only so much room for additional food in there. It's rich and fiber. So, I mean, these vegetables would kind of be that demand as well. So, so that could be a way to go about it. Usually fatty foods help you to keep full, stay full longer. But, I mean, if you're trying to avoid the calories, then maybe that's not the choice. But again, I think there are simple answers. I think fruits and vegetables can be great for this. Now, the fruits and might depend on which fruit you're picking, but fruits and vegetables can be great for justice because you get a lot of nutrients, a lot of substance to what's going on in your stomach. There is a stretch reflex that happens in your stomach where when your body senses the stretch that it sets as fullness. That's what you feel when you're feeling fullness. So, simply putting a lot of food in your stomach that is not full of calories is kind of a way to go about this. Yeah, great point, John. And you mentioned vegetables and things like that. Vegetables are generally speaking, not very calorie dense, but very nutrient dense, but they're filling, right? And our body can't break down a lot of cellulose, which is the major component of plant matter. So, yeah, I mean, I think it's also subjective too, right? There's some people who like, could eat like a small bag of baby carrots and feel full for four hours. That's me. And there's somebody that might eat them and not feel full, right? Simply with a big old salad. John always talks about his giant salad. He loves to make. There's some people that would eat a salad, John, and not have to eat for the rest of the day because there's some big, full, all day. So, I think some of that comes down to what do you try and do accomplish with this snack, right? Like John said, you're looking for something that's calorie dense, not calorie dense, has certain nutrients in it, et cetera. That'll help kind of help you narrow down some of the foods that might make sense to eat or combine, and then maybe it's a trial and error. Try it. Let's see when you pay attention to when you feel hungry again. If that and if this works for you, let's go with that. Right? So, there's no one to answer. Sometimes it's trying it out and what are you trying to accomplish? All right, John, one last question. What's your suggestion when we work with a client who receives potentially contradicting unscientific advice from a professional air quotes of alternative medicine, which hinders our work in their progress? So, I would ask questions. Right? So, first of all, what information are they getting that might be contradicting or hindering their work or progress? Right? Who do they hear it from? If they have a natural path, so this person says alternative medicine, I don't know what that means. I immediately thought of like a natural path or something, but I don't know, this can mean a lot of different people. What information are they getting? Who do they hear it from? And do we have any information to share with them that may whether or not it contradicts? I'm not worried about, but do I have any information to share with them about that thing? Right? And maybe it contradicts if it does, then maybe we can help them weed through it. If it doesn't, well, then it's not a problem, is it? So, I mean, I think this question, the root of it, is asking questions of the client. What information are they hearing? How do they understand it? Do they understand it? And where do they hear it from? And then educating filling in blanks. But at the end of the day, we have to remember that what people want to listen to or adhere to or follow is completely their choice. All we're here to do is ask questions, educate, and then let them make it hopefully informed decision. Anything you would add for that one, John? Yeah, I guess we ought to put them in a position where they got to make a choice because the end of this question says, which hinders their progress? So, I mean, I guess that's the conversation. What are they going to prioritize? They want to prioritize doing this other stuff? Or do they want to prioritize what we're doing? But it seems like they're working against each other. So, you know, I guess that's the conversation to have is if if you, if they're doing things that are working against each other, I would want to make sure they're making good use of their time and mind. So, let's just talk about it. And this could end up in, you're not having that client anymore, it could end up that way. Or, you know, maybe they decide to kind of change and kind of stick with you. But I think the conversation has to be had otherwise you're working with a client that's not getting results. You're doing work that's not getting results because they're choosing to do something else and that's not a great use of your time. Yeah, and I think often in those situations, it's somebody who doesn't understand that attended their progress, whatever it may be. So, it's education, right? Show them that how this is impacting them because they may not be aware and it starts with awareness for sure. I agree. Well, Jenny, we did it. We got through all these questions. Hopefully this was helpful for you all. Oh, let's pretend like we're like YouTubers. So, you know, like and subscribe the channel. So, that you can get alerts. The next time one of these comes out because otherwise, I'm not sure how you all would hear about it other than seeing it in your course. But, yeah, let's try that out and see if we can grow this thing. And if it's great for you guys, maybe Jenny will have to come over the other things put on our YouTube. I know. I know, but we will be posting this in the course itself though, too guys. So, it's easy to get to, but it will be on our YouTube channel. So, yes, you can like and subscribe our channel. Go to YouTube search for ISSA online and join us there because we do post a lot of great content on our YouTube channel as well. So, we look forward to seeing you there. Perfect. All right, thanks everybody. We'll see you next time on Office hours after hours. Bye guys.