Welcome to office hours after hours, Jenny. We did it again. We got them to ask a whole bunch of questions so much so that during office hours we couldn't get to all of them. But as promised, here we are recording our answers to the rest of the questions for you guys. Yes, so many good questions that we didn't want to neglect any of them. So we still have like darn your 20 more questions down to get to you from office hours. We'll make it concise. But we want to make sure that we get everybody's questions answered. So let's do it. Let's dig on into this. OK, so the first question is kind of a specific one, but we can broaden it a little bit. So the first question is, what is the best type of training for someone who practices Brazilian jujitsu? It's a popular martial art kind of popularized by UFC and MMA. But with sports in general, in order to determine the best type of training for a sport, you have to have some knowledge about the sport, right? What does the sport call upon? I mean, outside of just general conditioning, because every athlete has to have some form of general conditioning, what is the sport actually asking of the participant to do? And in some cases, you got to get pretty specific. Like, I'm a fan of MMA. So I have some knowledge. And I one thing I would recognize just as like a, you know, let's just call ourselves like movement specialist. When I watch it, to me, one thing that's unique about it is you have to have strength while you're on your back. And, you know, that's pretty unusual as far as sports go. Usually you're on your feet playing your sportmen. In this case, you have to have strength while you're on your back. You have to have kind of agility on your back. And usually we think of agility as something that you're doing when your feet are planted on the ground. But, and in this case, it's a very, it's a very different position that you're starting from. So that's, that's how I would look at it. So not saying that there's a certain tool, or the, I'm sure there's some that are relevant. I would take a, I would take a hard look at the sport and just ask myself, what are the specific needs of the sport? And then work from there. And then you can start to formulate strength, the conditioning and drills that kind of feed into that sport. I agree with that, John. Great response. It's all about looking and this is my favorite thing about working with any sport, right? If you're good at programming, if you understand the functional movements of any sport, you should be able to train it with functional needs or demands, like you said. So yeah, there's no one answer here, but what needs does a Brazilian, you just do athlete have, like what things do they need to be good at, and then train those things, right? So I think that's nice and simple. By the way, I also wanted, it's worth noting that all the questions that we have left today are from the CPT office hours, okay? So no nutrition questions that I noticed, all personal training related. So I just want to call that out. Awesome. Our next question, from last week, how would someone avoid over training if they like to train in kickboxing multiple times a week, and they want to add in strength training? So how would somebody avoid over training if they wanted to add in some additional training beyond their kickboxing multiple times a week? So I think, John, the big thing to point out here, you guys, is we have to understand what over training is, right? Over training is the accumulation of stress, right? Not just physical stress, that's, it can include psychological stress, emotional stress, mental stress, all the things that we do, like job finances, family, all that stuff, but then of course the physical stress of physical activity, right? Or lack of recovery as we always like to talk about. So it's a accumulation of all these different types of stress. And we can't really say that over training, if you kickbox three or four times a week, which John used to do it, John loves kickboxing, right? If you were to add in resistance training, I have questions based on this question. Like how many days a week are we adding in resistance training? How long are you doing kickboxing for what type of resistance training are you? Does that make sense? So the mere fact of doing kickboxing say three times a week and then adding in resistance training is not what's going to contribute to over training. It's what you are doing during those training sessions, what other accumulation of stress do you have? Does that make sense? Would you agree with that, John? Like there's a lot more that goes into overtraining per se. If you're talking about working too hard not being able to recover, that's another story. Right? In the short term, then just make sure you're eating enough, staying hydrated, sleeping enough, and you're training as appropriate day to day, right? High intensity one day, maybe back off the intensity the next day and then you move up. So there's a lot of variability and what you can do to avoid working too hard and not recovering, I wouldn't say it would be overtraining that you're trying to avoid. Would you agree with that? Yeah, I agree with that, especially when you say there's a lot of variability and who might be overtraining. Like the question, the way it's asked is asked, like a lot of the questions we get, where it's kind of looking for a specific quantitative number. Like if I do three workouts, is that cool, but if I do four workouts in my overtrained, and that's not the best way to look at it because it depends on the person, it depends on the context, depends on that week, some weeks you're good for four or five workouts, some weeks you're good for two. So it's more of a quality thing. This is where we're checking in with our clients so that we can communicate and see how they're feeling, see how the energy is, and then you're monitoring the workouts and the suming, are they getting better or are they getting worse? And these are the things that our tell-tale signs of whether or not someone is being overtrained or under recovered, however you want to look at it. So there's not like a number. There's not a certain amount of reps necessarily. It's more the qualities of progressing or regressing and are you paying attention to those things. Yeah, I love that. So hopefully that makes sense, you guys. Hopefully that makes sense. What's your next gen? Next question. So what is the best way we got three questions in this one? What's the best way to keep a client even after they reach their goal? I'll say this. I've over the years I had several clients hit some goals and hit some pretty big goals. And it was rare that they were like, oh, John, see you later. It just usually happened that way. Now there were certainly clients that we would hit a point where they felt confident. They felt like they could kind of handle things on their own and they might come back every now and then to check in rather than the two, three times a week that we've been doing up until they hit their goal. But the best way to keep a client is to make sure that they're having a great experience with you the entire time, meaning they're getting quality education. They're getting professionalism. Maybe they like you too. Like all of that matters. That's how you keep a client. You know, is it the case that sometimes people will hit a landmark and then want to go out on their own? It's certainly can't. It's certainly can be the case. But I've rarely encountered that because once they hit a goal, you know what you can do next. You can make another goal. And now you've got something else to work toward. And that was that was usually more the case that way than someone just saying, I'm moving on. So again, give them a good experience and they'll they'll stick with you. Do you have anything to add to that one? Yeah, I would say when they reach a goal, awesome. What's next? Right? Very rarely does somebody reach a goal and they're like, okay, I can die now. Right? There's something even maintenance is still a goal. Continue doing what you're doing, right? And they might need help doing that. So my question once somebody achieves a goal first of all, like John always says when I love this, applaud the effort in the outcome. Great job. You did a lot of great work. You worked really hard. You know, recap what they did. You reached your goal. What are we doing now? Now what? Now what do you have your eyes on? Because chances are, as people aren't progressing towards our goal, they've already figured out what they want to do next. All right, John, I've lost my body fat. I want to get my arms bigger. I want to get my right. They already have something else in mind. Cool. Now we can shift our training and let's get after this new goal. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. I often feel like I had people who would like they would choose kind of a performance or athletic face goal. Like after they felt like they were in shape and lost some weight now, it's like I want to run a 5k or something. But what it wasn't always that. But in any case, like I said, oftentimes there's a whole another goal that you can set after you hit the first goal. It was another part of this question. Well, it's kind of a separate question, but in the same box from the same person. What is the best starting price for a new personal trainer? I don't think we'll go too deep in the weeds on this unless you really want to Jenny, but this is a common question that we get. And there's not an answer to it. Even if you're brand new, that's going to vary from if you're in South Dakota to Beverly Hills. Because you can be a brand new trainer in Beverly Hills. Your price is going to be different than in South Dakota or many other parts of the country. My frame of reference is here in California and the Bay Area and in an LA and the Sacramento Area. So it's relatively higher in comparison to most of the rest of the country, outside of Miami, New York, Chicago, you know, the big cities. So it makes sense to just kind of do an assessment of your local area. See what other people are charging? That'll start to give you an idea. And then man somewhere where you're comfortable and just know this. Raising your prices is can be challenging once you're already in it. So you don't want to start too low. It has believed me when I tell you. I've had to be responsible for raising prices for personal training for a company. And the amount of heat that I got really upset about it was quite a bit. Now sometimes you got to do what you got to do. People aren't always going to like it when you raise prices. But you don't want to put yourself in the hole right off the bat because you think you're new and you think people will perceive you as not worth it. So make sure that you pick something that that that that makes sense for you and your local area assuming that you're just doing standard personal training. And that's probably a great place to start. I said I said I didn't want to go too far into the weeds with Jenny. I don't know if you had something else for that. No, because we answered that's from all the time. So anyway, I'm pretty much kind of the opposite hours that we've done. You guys, you'll hear the answer to this question. Yeah. That's part should I ever be aggressive and tone of voice with the client when trying to motivate them. Depends what motivates your client. Some people that will run away and cry for that. Other people that are like finally, now you're finally coaching me. So it depends on the client. I agree. Yeah, some people respond well to that. Some people don't, but that's part of our job. And that's why we talk about this in our psychology chapter. Getting to know them in the program design model you guys. Phenomenal resource that you guys need to check out. The whole intake process, the form that John here, our very own John, worked very, very hard to put this form together. Based on what we know and what we'll be experiencing over the last three decades now as personal trainers. And a lot of the questions that you'll see on that form, you guys, use this form. John, they talk about what kind of preferences do you have. That's a whole section. Your preference. Do you like loud? Do you like quiet? Do you like big busy environments? Do you like quiet? Like right or looking like what do you prefer? And do you prefer to be yelled at? Or do you prefer? Hey, let me just speak to you like a human being. All right. Ask their preferences and then deliver what they're asking for if it's within reasons, right? Absolutely. Yeah, so definitely check out the program design model you guys. Phenomenal resources for figuring out what somebody's preferences are. They're status, meaning what's their training status, where are they now? And also where do they want to be? Right? Really cool resources. All right. Up next. The question, John, is it necessary for me to get insurance in order to become a personal trainer? And then they're asking what would I be liable for any self-inflicted or equipment inflicted injuries during a training session? And if so, what insurance or precautions should I be looking into? So yes, you guys, training insurance is important because if somebody's working with you. Any injuries technically, whether it's they walk away and they're doing something over here on a machine or they hurt themselves doing a lunch while you're standing right there, if they're in a training session with you and make it injured technically, you're part of the issue, right? So having training insurance, it's liability insurance in a lot of cases and there's other types of insurance as well out there. There's lots of blogs I'm ISSA by the way, go to ISSA online, scroll down there's blogs that we offer that talk about this. The insurance liability insurance specifically will protect you if someone gets injured while doing your training and this can also apply for those of you guys who are doing online training. I write John's workout and send it to him and John's off doing his workout on his own, but if it's a workout that I program for him and he gets injured technically, do you see how that works? I wrote the workout he's doing it and he got injured. I could still he could still try and come after me liability insurance will cover you, right? I mean, John could get his ankle looked at or whatever her happened and my insurance will cover. Okay. Now, when you work for a facility or a gym or a health club you guys generally speaking, most of those places have insurance that covers their employees. So as long as you are training in the four walls of that facility or doing what they call for when you're hired there, you are covered by their insurance. But the moment you step outside of those four walls and you start working with clients, you need to have your own insurance coverage. M.I. clear that has to be we need you guys to understand okay because I've seen up before, people work for insert name of gym, right? Gold gym, lifetime, whatever, you're covered there and then they walk out and they're like, oh, I set my friend to work out. What you're sending your friends is your own business now. So you need to have insurance separately to cover you outside of the four walls of your employment. Okay. But lots of different options and in fact, I also say has a couple different partner companies. When you login look under the exclusive discount section of the professional division tab in your course, when you login you guys in your portal, there's some really good resources there. API insurance is one that we partner with. Not the only one out there. Next personal training insurance, John and I have both used Philadelphia insurance company. There's lots of different insurance companies out there, Google it, go to our Facebook page, do a quick search in the group. We talk about it all the time. But yes, the short answer to this question is insurance is 100% required at minimum liability insurance. Okay. If you're working for someone, check to see if they have coverage that coverage you, if you're working outside of that space where you are covered, you absolutely need to have your own insurance. Anything you would add here, John? I'm just going to reiterate that when you log in to your course, you're going to go to professionals of division, click exclusive discounts and benefits, and then you can find our partner API there. $1 million in coverage for $60 bucks. Yeah, pretty, pretty good rate. So I would advise you to go check that out. Next question, what programming does a client need if the goal is to run a three mile, three miles without stopping? This reminds me of the type of questions we get, what I feel like you know the answer, but you want us to say it. But to be specific, I'll give you the general answer. You better be running. But I used to train a lot of runners. I worked with coaches of runners. I used to train a lot of coaches of runners. And when people don't be shy, John, you were a collegiate runner. Yeah, but but that was just me going between two lines and running hard and occasionally turning left. I didn't know anything about technique or anything like that. I learned that much later. At that time, that was just talented at being fast, but I didn't know what was happening. So, so when you're starting with new people, like someone's new who wants to start to be a runner, if you're really doing a real assessment on this, someone who's been a couch potato and now they're running. Well, their body's not used to impact. And every time that you are even doing a slow jog, every step you take you getting two to three times your body weight of impact every time. And if you go on and you decide you're going to run out in the street or running the hills, whatever, now it's also unpredictable impact because maybe you're not that athletic yet. So, I would take all that and think to myself, what I'll all I'm doing with this client. And for me, what I'm going to do is we're going to start maybe without running or not running very far. We might actually just do hops. I do do hopping a lot because when you hop, you're emulating impact, but it's all in a controlled environment with your with your client and you're doing hops. I do regular hops, single leg hops, because when you're running, it's single leg every time. So, that way, we can get our body used to impact. And I had metrics for it. I would have them do it at 180 beats per minute. And as soon as they could do a couple of sets of three minutes at a time, then I would feel comfortable that they can get out there and run and absorb impact. And then once we're there, now we start the running and we start small, right? Let's start with a half mile. Let's start with a mile. And then two miles. And guess what? It doesn't always have to be without stopping. You run until you start to feel your form breakdown and then you walk a little bit. So, it's like with lifting weights. When you're lifting, when your form starts to break down, you keep going, you're do you stop. I would advise you stop, but for some reason in the world of running, you're not doing it right if you stop. I would argue differently. I would say as soon as your form starts to break down with running, just walk a little bit and then pick it up again and then walk a little bit and then pick it up again. This is how we do it with every other exercise, but with running for some reason, people are like, it's almost like it doesn't count if you stop for a little bit, but you wouldn't say that about lifting weights. So again, with running, there's that part of it. We can certainly get into the whole strength training part of it. But I think that's for another day. I will say we would just talk about earlier today, Jenny. We do have a fantastic running course available. And I, as to say, offered by one of the top running coaches in the world. So that could be a great. If you're really truly interested, I would check out that course. Agreed. Agreed. Yeah. So there's no one way to go about it. John gave you a great way to get started, right? And a lot of people skipped some of these steps and then wonder why they get injured later on, right? And our body's not prepared to take on that impact. So that, John, I love that you brought that up. Regardless of how long somebody's been training, are they truly prepared for this? Is another question. Is there body truly prepared to take on the forces of running great question? It's not just about having the cushy issues in the world and figuring it out. Sometimes there is a little bit of a progression that we need to implement to make sure that they're staying safe while doing it. But yeah, if you guys want to learn about running specifically to whom I've ever asked this or if you're interested, get more information about it, right? There's a whole course, not just ours. There's other courses out there, but get certified in it. Learn more. Learn about the progression. Learn about the running stride. Learn about all the aspects of it. Just like you would anything else. Okay. There's a question, John. The textbooks free for me to order or do I only get a downloadable version for free. So nothing in life is free. Let me just call that out. Included with your purchase are the online versions of your textbooks and every course that we offer you guys. Not only are they throughout the modules of the course. You can find it broken up into chapters for your convenience. But if you're looking for the full version of the textbook to view, to print to download or whatnot, it's in the download section of your course. So scroll there below the modules. You will see a download section in pretty much every course we offer. Click on it and you'll see a full version of the textbook as well as many other resources that we encourage you guys to check out and utilize and download save. So you don't have to worry about losing them later. Okay. You can also purchase the physical copies of the textbook if you choose to, they are completely optional and that can be done at books.issaonline.com. Okay. There's also a link on the main website. There's a link in your student portal for the book site. But again, books.issaonline.com. Next question, what is the number one piece of advice you would give to someone who just finished their certification and will soon begin their personal training journey. Could be business related or personal, maybe even both if we choose. And so there's, I guess there's lots of advice but I would say just get your reps in. Do everything you can to get clients. Paying clients maybe a people who are trying you out to potentially be paying clients. But get as many reps in as possible because the fact is you're just getting started. So you're not nearly as good as you're going to be at some point. And if in the next year you only have like two or three clients at the end of the next year, you're probably still not that much better. So as much time as you can to get with people, paid or unpaid to just practice the job of being a personal trainer is what I would tell you. If you're listening to people online who say never, ever give away your time, I disagree. Doctors give away their time before their doctors. Are we better than doctors? Okay. Well, then I guess we're okay to give away some time as well because it's not like you're throwing away time and money. You're investing in your experience. If you can get to the point, you know, they use that word, the 10,000 hours that that to gain mastery of something. You know, start working towards your 10,000 hours. Because again, if you've got 10 hours under your belt, I mean, you've gotten 10 hours better. But you still need, you still got a little ways to go. So again, I would say there's nothing wrong with having people come and do assessments with you or do work out to with you because that's a way to get potential clients, by the way, it's kind of like try before you buy. But also you're investing in your ability to be in in front of different types of people with different needs to have different sort of personalities. And that's invaluable experience that you can get if you just go out there and do it. If you kind of wait around for a business to come to you, then what's happening is you're not actually getting experience being a trainer. And I would argue, this is something that I saw recently, I very much agreed that it was very much the case when I started that there was like, oh, so many smart trainers terrible at business and marketing. I would say now there's a lot of people who are really good at marketing, terrible trainers. So I would say get good at being a trainer. I think I would say, John, you kind of said it try before you buy. Always try new things when it comes to fitness, right? There's all kinds of things out there for fitness. Not saying they're gimmicky, but there's different types of training, right? There's a little bit of picklifting. There's regular resistance training. There's yoga, pilates, kickboxing, and MMA, and right? All these different sports, right? Pickable, all these different types of sports. If you, if somebody comes up to you and asks you about something that you've never tried, like I've never played Pickable. And as somebody says, well, what do you think about Pickable? Is it good for, you know, could, would that be good for exercise? If you've never tried it, can you honestly answer that question? You might be able to sneak out an answer. I could probably say like, based on what I know of Pickable. Sure. But if I've never tried it, do you see how that's a problem? I can't really accurately explain to somebody what Pickable is like, right? What kind of agility is need to me, John Pickable is like, Ping-Pong, like full-size Ping-Pong. But it's actually a challenging sport. It's a lot of fun. People really enjoy it. But it does require certain skills. But if I've never tried it, which I haven't, well, disclosure, I will eventually, right? Then it's really hard for me to explain it. So my point is try different things. If a new studio opens up near you and they have a different type of training than you ever had done before, go try it. That's how I got into Orange Theory. I used to work for Orange Theory John for three years, and I loved it. Made a killing there. But then I didn't try it until somebody was like, hey, would you ever want to work here? I was like running, rowing and weight room. What? What is this? And I went and took a class and I was like, life changed. What is this? How do I get into this? You might find something that you never knew existed that you actually love or are really good at. So don't limit yourself. So many people think, oh, I only want to do this. So I want to work with this type of client. But do you know that for sure? If you've never tried everything else that's out there or as much as you possibly can, because you might find something that you never knew existed that you want to get really, really good at and you really enjoy. So try all the things. It would be my biggest piece of advice for anybody who is new or ongoing, I guess. By the way, I've never tried pickable, but it looks challenging. And I saw something once. So I'm saying this just because we can call it like ping pong whatever, but you're still trying to be athletic, right? And I saw something where the rate of injury from the sport actually rose faster than the popularity of the sport. And we all know it's popular. So people were out there getting hurt. People like my age were like, I'm going to go relive my athletic dreams and go out there and play pickable all the sudden, I remember, oh yeah, I'm not, I'm not 22 anymore. Not to say that you can't play. I'm just saying it's a real sport. And if you don't treat it like one, then you might get yourself injured. Yes, I agree with that, John. And I always laugh jokingly don't come for me. But I always say pickable is created by an orthopedic surgeons. Because a lot of people get injured, but it's because it's just like we talked about with running earlier. A lot of people are not prepared for the elements of pickable, right? You don't just stand in place and hit the ball. You're moving around and it's a very agile sport. And there's multiple people on one side of the net. And like there's all kinds of elements that we need to be prepared for. So in somebody that you know or is your client wants to play pickable, make sure they're trained appropriately. So they don't get injured, right? That's my point. Okay, John, the next question, what tips do you have for me starting my own gym? So I think a lot of what we just talked about applies to this, absolutely applies to this. Go try things. Make sure it's a style of training that you like, right? Don't just open a gym because you think it's going to be cool and you have a bunch of random equipment. Generally speaking, in my opinion, gyms or smaller studios that do really well have some kind of theme, right? Whether it's group training and we always do this type of training or they have Olympic platforms and this is the type of training, they have some kind of consistency about what they offer versus, oh, anybody can come in here and just work out. Okay, so that's just my two cents on it. It doesn't mean you can't do that. But the ones that I found that have been the most successful have some kind of theme throughout all the types of training that they do and their equipment and their space and all of that it matches what they do. So get specific would be my question. What type of gym do you want to have that will help you not only figure out how much space you need, what type of equipment you need, what type of trainers you want to hire or what kind of trainer you need to be. And then also, it helps you narrow down your marketing and that's something John, we get asked a lot about. How do I market? If you're trying to market to everybody, do you see how that's a very big thing to throw at the wall and see what sticks? If you're marketing to a very specific type of training or population, it becomes a lot easier, easier, simpler to market, to target people and market to the right people instead of just everybody showing up and half of them not wanting what you offer. Does that make sense? What about you John? What would you say for this? Beyond organizing this in person, first and foremost, I'm glad you're enthusiastic and passionate about fitness. I am because I am too. That part's probably not going to go away. So you'll probably hang on to that. But if you don't be an organized business person from the start, you're putting yourself in a hole that might be difficult to decline out of. So find resources. I'm actually for myself personally, I'm doing a meeting. There's something called the SBDC, the small business development center, free service, just to bounce ideas off of them and get advice. I've run a lot of big businesses. I didn't own them. So I still think there's a lot of insights that I can get from something like that. So be an organized business person, be willing to learn a lot about business because again, you've already got the passion for the fitness business. Now just make sure that you back it up with some business savvy. All right, another good. Next question, how can I draw more people with posting fitness content? And you know, it just so happens that Jan and I have happened to speak to several people lately where this is a big part of what they do is post a lot of fitness content. And I say it that way because they post a lot because the number one piece of advice that they all give is just simply be consistent. And then I will add to that because I know one of my issues over the years in posting anything was like trying to win a Pulitzer Prize with every single post. And that's just not, it's just not going to happen. Sometimes you need to meet our consumers where they're willing to be met. Someone's looking for what's a thing I can do to help my my back pain. What's something that I can do to help me be a little bit more of an efficient runner? What are three different exercises for my triceps? You know, and although you may have way more knowledge than that to share, who who is it for? Are you trying to impress other trainers? Are you trying to get some clients? So that's probably a question that you have to answer for yourself. Who am I posting for? And if you're posting for clients, then you want to post in a way that catches their eye, isn't something valuable, inspires them. But then they kind of need you to be top of mind. If they're not seeing you for a couple of months, then you're out of sight out of mind. Love it. I have nothing to add to that John. Make job. Love it. So definitely like John said that we've been on our podcast. We had quite a few people who are really strong. I wouldn't say influencers, but they're content creators on our podcast. So definitely check out our podcast. You guys it's on Spotify and Apple podcasts. It's called Trainers Talking Truths. And look for the ones for social media, right? We talk a lot about it. So there's some great resources there for you guys. So many resources done. Yeah, curses this week. If you're listening and it's what's the day today? June 3rd when we're recording this. Curt Mangams comes out June 5th and it was really good because he was teaching me in Jenny a lot on that podcast. Yeah, really good one. All right. Next up, how should I deal with people who procrastinate and aren't consistent with their workouts? All right. I love this question because first things first. Remember, we can't make anyone do anything. John, this gives me a little bit of PTSD from when I first started way back when my first couple of years as a trainer, you know, you pour all this effort in this time and this energy and creating this amazing program for somebody. But you haven't focused on their lifestyle and their behaviors. What are they currently doing? And then what are those behaviors need to look like to support what they want to do? Right? That behavior change aspect. You have completely neglected that. But you have created the world's best program. That in a perfect world, it's going to work. But we don't live in a perfect world, not by a far stretch, right? So when clients procrastinate and aren't consistent with their workouts, a lot of times it might not actually be the workouts. It might be we didn't address what's their lifestyle. Right? What's the reasons that they're quote, quote, procrastinating? Right? Is it that they're just not into what you're doing? Meaning we need to try something different. Do you want different? Do different? Right? Or is that that it doesn't fit into their schedule? We were asking them the trained five days a week. For example, when they really realistically only have two or three days a week to train. So they just said, well, I can't get the five days in that John told me to do so screw it. I'm not going to do any of it. Because that happens. That all or nothing mentality, well, I can't do it. So never mind. I'm just not going to do it at all. What else is happening? So this is a conversation. This would be a absolutely a sit down conversation to figure out what is holding you back. And then shut your mouth and let the person talk. Let them tell you what's holding them back. Because a lot of times John and I know you've experienced this too. They'll start talking and you'll just say, uh-huh. Yeah, tell me more about that. And just ask your little follow questions, right? Motivational interviewing, active listening. And turns out they just talk themselves in a circle and either A, they realize there's nothing holding them back. They're just scared. Or B, there's a whole lot holding them back that they need to address before they can actually take these steps forward. But if you don't let them talk it out and you just make assumptions as to what it is, you're just going to be right back in the same boat within a week or two. So people who procrastinate and are not consistent, it's a conversation, figure out what's actually happening and we have to use our active listening and let them figure out what's going on. Let them tell you. Would you agree with that John? Yeah, yeah. And over time you'll find out things. And so will they. Right? So that you might, you might have this conversation with them. And in your mind, you might think, well, we've created this program. We both agreed on it. We both said this is doable. But then they started trying to do it. And then then maybe they sort of feel overwhelmed. It started to feel like too much. Maybe they over promised that they over committed themselves. You know, at the time they were just pumped up, you know. So it's like they just watched a movie or something got them fired up. And I'm like, yeah, I'm going to do that. I'm going to work out four times a week. I'm going to make the time for this. But then when they try to put in an action, they realize that they might have over committed themselves. And then it's tough to go to your trainer and say, I can't do what I said. I could do last week. That's why you have to ask. Because they're not likely to tell you like right away. You know. And as the coach, you rather know that information sooner than later. So when you're asking questions and if you come down to the conclusion that maybe what you created at first isn't the right fit than changing. But that's not going to happen. Let's read the conversation. You. Next question. When onboarding a virtual client, what platform would you use to create a PDF? I mean, it's kind of a technical question. But, you know, I'm an Adobe user. Gena, I don't know if you have anything different than that. And maybe what you're talking about is actually creating it from scratch as opposed to converting into a PDF. Again, we're getting into a into text stuff here. But there's all kinds of platforms to create paperwork or or forms or whatever the case may be. You can do it in Google. So it just depends on what you're trying to create. So I say that say there's a lot of different choices. I would urge you to just kind of explore and see what's comfortable for you. I use Google a lot in the forums and everything. So it's very comfortable to me. But I've used others as well that did the same thing. Just sometimes you've got to use them a little bit in order to know where all the buttons are at and what all the functions are. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, because the person specifically asked to create a PDF. A PDF is specific to the program Adobe. So I'm not sure if yeah, Jonathan, they meant like just forms in general or specifically a PDF. It's a PDF you're asking about. It's Adobe. All right, down there was a question. When you're starting with when you start getting clients, if you're assuming their goal is to lose weight, would you need to record their weight? What if they don't want to lose weight? How do you go about that? Or what if they don't want you to tell them their weight? Or they don't want to tell you their weight? I guess they're asking. What if they don't want to tell you their weight? So first of all, we cannot we cannot assume that every client that you meet wants to lose weight or change their weight up or down. Period. You guys have to understand that. Not every client is going to have an issue with their weight. Meaning they want to go up or down or change in some way. So that's part of uncovering what are they trying to achieve? If somebody's trying to get really, really strong, like my husband for example, he wants to get really good at bench press, John. He wants to be able to bench. I don't know. He gave me a number of the other day I forget. I don't train him. He wants to increase his bench press. He said nothing about how much he weighs. He said nothing about his body fat percentage. So in a place case like this, there are plenty of people like that who have no desire to change their weight. That's not what they're interested in. He's a very interested in a very specific performance goal. So is it important to weigh him? I mean, maybe every now and again, just so you can track it. But it's not something I'm going to do regularly with him or recommend for him regularly because his goals have nothing to do with that. Now, if somebody has a weight loss or weight gain goal, then yes, that's absolutely something that you need to be measuring along the way to make sure that you're programming and their compliance to that programming is working. Right? And so they ask what if they don't want to tell you their weight? This is not a secret. Like we're not keeping secrets from one another. I can't help you fully if I don't have all the information. So I don't know why you wouldn't want to, I mean, maybe they're embarrassed or something to that effect is to why they don't want to share their weight. Awesome. Well, if I don't know where you're starting, I don't know how to get you where you want to go. It would be the conversation that I have at this person. So I need you to, of course, then that's, of course, I can say I need you to trust me, but then it's up to me to build trust with this person so that they feel comfortable giving me that information or allowing me to assess that information. Because it's not to judge them. It's not to go, oh my god, I'm going to go talk to my friends about it at dinner tonight. Like it's not that serious. Right? That reminds me the last time I went and had a root canal, John. I was so embarrassed because I had a little stinky brown tooth when they shaved my tooth down from my root canal. And I was like, don't go talk about me to your friends and they were like, we've seen much worse, like, come down. You're fine. Right? But then just to the care, we shouldn't, it's not that we don't care. But we're not out here talking about our clients or we shouldn't be. I just need this information so that I can help you change it. If I don't have this information, it gets a little bit harder for me. Would you agree with that, John? Yeah, more or less. I've encountered pretty much everything. Like every sort of manner in which people did not want to get on the scale. And it's a number of reasons. You know, I've asked people, you know, would it be okay with you if you hop down the scale? And you don't have to look. We don't have to say anything, but I'm just going to write it down. So maybe it's that. There are instances where some places don't have the scale in a private area. So really the issue is getting out on a scale in front of people because other people can see it. So that might be it. Maybe it's going to have to come down to okay. Well, can we come up with a way that feels like progress is happening? I mean, do you have like clothes that that'll help you know if if progress is happening? Because this is a big deal for some people. They don't even want to see the number, but you know, you want to have the conversation to see what they are comfortable with and what we can pay attention to. And if it's if it's the fit of certain pieces of clothes, because that's that was a mistake I ran to is that I would just generally say if you close fit better. And then that's all of them. But I would actually I got to the point where I specify like just pick out a few pieces of clothes and just note how they how those ones fit and then see if those ones fit differently over time. So so maybe maybe that's it. I will also say that this was like a less than 1% thing that I ever ran into for any clients that that were weight loss. So I didn't run into it much, but it did happen time to time. Next question. In the video scope of practice, it's mentioned that trainers should know of numerous health professionals that we can refer to. I don't know if we said should, but definitely it's a good idea. So given that we do not diagnose, make meal plans or speak the things outside of our own expertise, what's the best practice or way to refer a health care provider? It's interesting question. I would say just simply just tell themselves to go get check down, go see their doctor. What I mean by that is it's not up to us to say you know what Jenny, I think you've got some hormone issues. It's time for you to go see the endocrinologist. And for the most part that's not how it works with our doctors anyway. Oftentimes you have to see your primary care physician anyway. So I don't think I've ever said go see and then some sort of specialist. I don't know if I've ever said that, but I've definitely urged people to go get check down. Go see their doctor to figure out if there's anything that they need to know about their current health status or whatever the case may be. Whenever I was training a lot, and within my network, I had like physical therapists. I would communicate with different people's primary care physicians. I had like most knowledge therapists, but not really like a bunch of specialists like again, an endocrinologist. So again, just urge them to go see some help. You don't have to be specific in telling them which specialist they need to see. I agree with that, John, but I'm also on the other side of the coin because I have referred people to specialists, but a best practice for referring somebody, like you said, start with your physician. Your general physician is really good at giving you referral, right? They might be able to help you figure out what's going on, but if they can't they'll say go see this person and they will write you a referral to go see that specialist. But as far as if you do have specialists that you want to refer like John said physical therapist, massage therapists, right? Certain people start with the people that you use. Not saying that all my clients have to go see my massage therapist, but if I have a massage therapist that I use regularly, which I do, why wouldn't I refer that person? Because I know what they can do. I know what they specialize in. I know where they're at. I know that they can travel to you. I know approximately their rates. So I have a lot more information about somebody that I already see. Same thing if I already see anologist or a dermatologist or something. Hey, this is too icy. Go see your doctor and maybe they have another recommendation, but here's the name of mine if you want to check them out. It's not a you have to go here. It's here's too I use. Does that make sense? So start with the people that you already see and that makes the most sense because you can speak intelligently to what do they offer? Where are they located? Approximately what are their rates? You have a little bit more information versus just randomly saying go Google it. Yeah, especially if our clients kind of know what their need is. So for instance, if someone's like, I need to learn more about how to eat, but I have a gluten sensitivity, then we'd say, okay, time to go see a dietitian. In that sense, absolutely. But when they're just experiencing some sort of symptoms, it's not up to us to be like, you know, that sounds like whatever. That's not what we do. That's when we just say, you know what, if you're feeling these symptoms, go get checked out, go see the doctor. But if they say something specific, they already know what they kind of need. They just haven't sought the help, then you can help point them in the right direction. Agreed. Great question. All right, John, few more. The next one, what's the best way to motivate a client when it comes down to financial reasons as a reason not to continue training for some people that's a reason not to start either. So motivating a client when it comes down to financial reasons. Again, we can't make anyone do anything. But the root of this question to me, John, comes down to have you built value in what you offer. Everything costs money for the most part. Right. There's very few things in life that don't cost money. I don't even use the word free that don't cost you money out of your pocket. Right. So if you built value or if there's this person sees value in that thing, they're going to spend money on. So think about when you go to the grocery store, anybody who's listening to this, and when you go to the grocery store, right, and you have to buy, I don't know, a carton of eggs. Whether those, do you guys remember when eggs were like ridiculously expensive, like more expensive than the gold at one point, right? They were super expensive. But if it was valuable to you to have eggs, it meant something to you have eggs in your to whether they were $12 for a dozen or whether they're $2.99 for a dozen, you probably still bought them. Right. Maybe the amount that you bought was different, but you probably still said, this is crazy, but I'm going to do it. I know I did because I was like eggs are a part of my day. I eat them every day. So I see value is it worth $12, maybe not, but that's the cost of it. So I'm going to pay it. Same thing for people who go to Starbucks every day or to the coffee shop every day. That six or eight dollar cup of coffee to me does not have value. I don't see a value in paying $8 for a cup of sugar water. And I also don't enjoy coffee. So there's no value for me. But for somebody who's like, man, I love my coffee. I can't have my day without it. It's the best part of my day. Do you see how they have value in it? Okay. So I say all this simple, simple, find what I'm saying. If somebody has a financial reason as to why they don't continue, you need to dig deeper and find out what exactly is it that is keeping them from continuing. Because John, I know you all speak to this in most gyms or facilities where you do a lot of selling. That's one of the first, like, what do you call objections that you'll get from most people. I'll it costs too much. But usually that's not the reason why they don't want to do it. It's just the first thing that comes up. It's the easiest thing to say. So for some people, that's not actually what's holding them back. And if it is, we have to figure out, like, more, we need to know more. Right? Because for some people, again, if they go to Starbucks every day and you're spending $8 to $10 every day at Starbucks, do the math on that. You're spending $2 to $300 a month on Starbucks. And what I'm offering you is this many dollars. So you're telling me if you don't cut out your Starbucks, you wouldn't have enough money for this. Right? There's ways to shift money around. So for most people, it's not the fact that's something cost money and they don't want to pay for it. It's they haven't built enough value in that thing or they don't see enough value in that thing to pay that money for it. What would you say for this one, John? I got, I got used to just asking a simple question. I would say, you know, talking me about what's financially doable for you. And then we'll see if we can figure out a solution for you. And granted, if someone sees you once every two months, then that's less personalization, I guess, then someone who's seen you three times a week. But also, that's why that's why I cost so much less to see you. It costs a lot less to see once every two months than it does three times a week. But sometimes that's enough to give them something, right? And it can work a couple of ways. It's a way to kind of offer something to people where that maybe finances are truly an issue. But it's also sometimes a way to be able to introduce people to your services. It's kind of like the iTunes model, right? Where you get the iPod. It's an easy entry and then you get your all into it and you're getting your songs on there or whatever. And then eventually you had to upgrade to the bigger iPod. This is back in the day when iPods were saying. And then you get the iPhone and you get the Mac. Now you're in the system, right? So in the same way, one of the gyms I used to on, we used to have a service where it was like program writing. And I think it was like for 125 bucks, we'll give you like six weeks of workouts. Something like that. Or maybe it was too much. I forget. But it was a low barrier to entry. What would happen with it was it was kind of like the iTunes thing. They do it. And it was not bad without now they're starting to realize, oh, you know what? Maybe if I actually see my trainer a little bit more often, I'll do a better job of doing the workouts and then they upgrade and upgrade and upgrade. So again, I think the two piece of advice I'd give is like have different things that you can't offer so that you can ask the question what's financially doable for you? Because it's great, especially when people are maybe not as willing to start, it's great to have options to just get their foot in the door because like Jenny said we want to build value, but maybe it's just not there yet, you know, because they just met you like 40 minutes ago, 30, 40 minutes ago, right? So maybe they're just not there yet. The trust isn't there yet. But if you can give more little bit of value while I having a low barrier entry sort of thing, then then maybe they'll be more willing to get started. Yeah, so I love that question, John and that's a, I love the way you explain that. But guys, think about yourselves, right? We all have things that we pay for every month, but that's your phone, your rent, right? Hopefully there's value in rent having our roof over your head, your phone, you don't have to have a cell phone, you will survive without a cell phone, contrary to popular belief yet we choose to pay them monthly amount to have a cell phone because you see value in it, right? Your Netflix subscription, your who-loose subscription, your iTunes subscription, whatever, whether it's $5 or whether it's $500 a month, our vehicles, right? We're paying because there's a value to it. If there wasn't, you'd probably stop paying it, wouldn't you? So it's the same thing when we're buying what people are buying training, okay? So I love the way you explain that, John. Am I next? I forgot where we are. All right. What helps stand out as a personal trainer and what do clients see when choosing a personal trainer? Well, lots of things, right? Sometimes they'll see personality. Sometimes they'll see your muscle. Sometimes you'll stand out as the person with all kinds of knowledge. Sometimes you'll stand out as the person who's kind of the loud drill sergeant type trainer. Sometimes you'll stand out because you seem really kind and soft and nurturing as a trainer. There's lots of ways in which people stand out. So which one are you? I would say, probably don't try to be something you're not. I mean, we do have to have different personalities. You know, I've said this before on here before, but you know, as a one-on-one trainer, I would show up differently than I would be if I was doing a 20-person group class and rightfully so, right? But, you know, what is going to be your strength as a trainer? It's difficult to be everything to everybody, right? But what are your strengths? If you're trying to have a big personality, and you don't normally have a big personality, maybe that won't work out, maybe there's something in particular that you're passionate about. Maybe your marketing is great. Because that's certainly can make you stand out if you're great at marketing. So there's all kinds of things and everything I just said can help, but which one is the one that fits you the best? Yeah, and I think this kind of circles back down to what we talked about earlier, knowing what type of training you offer, or what type of client you're going after, and then appealing to that group, right? So if you want to work with athletes, or you want to work with groups or something like everything you do, everything you put out on social media, your website, like everything about you should appeal to those people. Right? Or if it's a certain type of certain population, like seniors or whatever, you should everything you do should appeal to those people and not necessarily the other people that you're not trying to contact. Don't try and throw stuff at the wall and see what sticks, targeting, be specific. Right? So that kind of goes along with this next question too. I've this person said I've thought about doing eight one-minute stations in their boot camps. Can you give me an example of how you would set them up and what workouts you would do for full body exercises? So no, I don't have an example, a specific example, because there are no wrong answers. Who is in your boot camp? Is my question? Is it little kids? Is it moms with their children's strap to their backs? Is it seniors? Is it everybody in anybody? Is it like who is in your boot camp? Who is coming to your boot camp? Because when you guys, as somebody who's done a lot of J.D. and I both have done a lot of group training, a ton of it, and I still do it with my youth athletes. And my college athletes, I do a lot of group training because I can get to more people at once. So I love it. But you also have to accommodate for the different statuses, the different level of participants. You might have some people that are brand new to this, and maybe don't know the way that you do movements, or don't know the way that this works, and people that have been with you for a long time and get it. Well, how are you going to accommodate both of those populations? Right? So I always say, they're to start with the simple stuff, and then have some progressions in mind for the people that are more experienced, or a little bit more advanced. So that means you need to be able to target the people that are new, but still keep the people that are not new engaged. So I don't know who's in your boot camp. So we can't really tell you how to set this up, but do what makes sense for the people that are in your boot camp. Do what makes sense for the space you have, do what makes sense for the equipment that you have, and the time that you have for this session. Does that make sense? So as long as it all fits in the box, where are you? How long is it? What kind of equipment do you have? Who's there? Right? And what style do you like to train? There's no wrong answers. Pick your poison. Have fun with it. Anything you would add for that job? Yeah. So here's the practical stuff. There's eight, one minute stations. And let's just say there's a break for one minute in between each one. Now that's 16 minutes for one time through. Right? So how long is your workout? I mean, do you have an hour? Okay. So like if you go through it three times, now that's 48 minutes. So then that leaves time for a little bit of warm up and cool down on both ends. So so that's pretty good. And then when you go through at the beginning, how long is it going to take you to explain each station? Because I've seen people take like, you know, dang near a half an hour to explain all of them. That's too long. You got to make it quick. And then guess what? When they're going around the stations, is everyone going to remember what they're supposed to do? Nope. So should you have a little sign there? I always used to have little whiteboards or some guys that had to be. You guys have a little a frame of whiteboards from it. Right? It would have to be a little clipboard with a piece of paper and you write on it. This is where you do squats. Otherwise, they're not going to remember. So so these are the practical things that you have to think about. And set it up in a way where people are not running into each other. Set it up in a way where there's not like three back to back to back leg exercises. Or, you know, just stuff like that. So think you think practical, think about the timing, think about our people going to remember every station. I can already tell you they're not. So do those things so that, because here's the thing. When people are going around and they go to the next station, they don't know where's supposed to go. And when they get there, they don't know what they're going to do. They hate your class. They hate your class and they're going to tell their friends, don't go to that class. So just make sure that people can set it up. It's set up so that people have a good experience. Love it. Next question. What is the best way to break the ice and connect with a client? I want to be on their level and ensure that I am there to help them, but also be their friend and not someone who is higher than them. Interesting. I think that's a big assumption. I've had some clients with some pretty big ego themselves. So I don't think any of them were assuming that I was higher than them. I can think of a few that probably assumed the other by the way. So I think that's a big assumption. But you don't have to act like an expert or anything. It's I think it's simple to say in hello. Now if you need tactics, if you work in a gym, one of the best I ever seen was the guy Ricky Ortiz. He actually participated in our bootcamp at one point. But he would grab a stack of towels and just walk around the cardio and say, hey, did you need a towel? And sometimes I was at the hand of a towel that said, thank you, then he move on. But now the ice is broken. They're not like having a long conversation, but ice is broken. Sometimes it would be more of a conversation because then it would turn into how you like in that workout. Oh, did you know I'm running a class? You can come check it out. Please do. Or whatever. But you know, it can be just as simple as is handing out towels or whatever the case maybe because you are at the end of the day, just trying to break the ice. Not make a sale in this sale. Just just break the ice. I love that example, John. That's a great one. I used to do that when I worked in big box gyms. I'd walk around and if you noticed somebody's water was empty or they were at the end of their water bottle, hey, when we talk that off for you, so you don't have to get off the machine and go fill out their water and bring it back. I do that with my athletes all the time. Hey, your water is empty. You want me to go fill it up and they're like, thank you. And again, if your goal is just to break the ice, I just, I don't want anything from you. Hi, or just as simple as walking past and making eye contact. John, that's huge. A lot of people walk by and they're like, oh, I don't want people to feel uncomfortable. They're only like, you're making uncomfortable. By being weird, being an awkward turtle. Right. So when you walk past people, smile and you don't you don't have to have a conversation just like, hi, good morning, good morning, and then keep walking, but at least they can say like John said, now when they have a question, or they're like, oh, I'm looking for somebody and I need something and they see you because they've said, hi, do you every morning that they're in there? They're probably going to walk over to you and be like, hey, so and so I have a question. I'm so, you know, they'll introduce themselves now. Does that make sense? Yeah. So I love this question. John, I love the way you explain that. That's a great example, but it doesn't have to be complicated. It really doesn't just say hi, smile, make eye contact. Yeah, I think that's the point. It doesn't have to be complicated. Make it simple. Oh, Jenny, we did it. Did we just do almost an hour of office hours after hours? We did, but these are really good questions. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm glad we got to them. But again, hopefully this is useful for you all and hopefully the the YouTube part of it is also useful for you. However, you're trying to take in the information. It should be there for you guys soon and you guys can use it over and over again or maybe there's a question that we answered that was particularly relevant or refer back to it because this information's for you all. Hopefully it has helped for Jenny any last words before we get out of here. phenomenal questions. You guys keep asking questions because we love to help you and when you guys are sending in questions, be a specific as possible. Because sometimes, John and I, we don't quite know what you guys are asking. So, I read your questions out loud as you submit them and make sure that it's like what I like to call complete sentences. So we know exactly what you guys are asking and we can give you more specific answers because some of them we just kind of keep it general because we are quite sure or we have follow up questions. But if there's anything that we want to, you guys want to dig deeper into, send those questions our way and we'd love to answer them for you. All right. Well, I have a feeling we'll be doing this again real soon with the amount of questions we can get in. But thanks again everyone. We'll see you next time. All right, guys. See you soon.