Welcome back everyone for another ISSA talk. I am Jenny Leable. I know my last name has changed. It used to be Scott. I got married five months ago now. So now Leable, Jenny Leable here with you guys. People are excited to be back. I feel like I've been on hate for a little while. But we have a really important topic to talk about. We talk a lot in our courses and our education here at ISSA about mobility training, flexibility training, a guillotine training, all these things that people usually associate with panic leads, but everyone out there, every population on this planet, the benefit from it. I have amazing guests with us who has a really really cool product and some cool insight for you guys on the topics of mobility and flexibility. Welcome, Dan Metgaff. Welcome. Hey, thanks so much for being there. I'm going to try and match you energy. Wow. Congratulations on being married as well. Yeah. I think you're so much super excited to have me with us, Dan. Now before we get into the good stuff, can you tell us a little bit about yourself and your background? Sure. So I grew up as a soccer player. I played at some professional clubs back in England and then I switched and went into show business. I'd actually done eight years training with the role marine cadets. I thought I was going to go into the military when I left soccer and I got thrown in or challenged to become a dancer. So at the age of 18, I suddenly found myself in a ballet school jazz tap and modern found out I could dance and I could sing an act and ended up playing the lead in Andrew White Webber shows around the world. The Broadway level shows and ventured out, started my own gyms. I was a person trainer at Gold's gym at Powerhouse gym. I had private trainers. I was a head coach on the Olympic program. I can go out and I don't want to bore everybody. That opened my own sports training center that was internationally known based on movement. So when the athlete comes in to train, we want to make sure that the train they're doing is functional for their performance on the field or the athletic ability, not just lifting weights. So that really became my focus on my foundation. And then by accident, I created what is now taking the world over with the philosophy direction and the ability to balance mobility and strength training. That's awesome. So you've had a lot of background in fitness sports specifically. Are there any one sport curious that you found a means maybe to work on balance mobility a little more a bit more than a person? Yeah, absolutely. My passion actually became cycling. I raised the Iron Man. I love that. But there's nothing better than my ballet training. And if it's the center of all movement being able to move balance, adjust, stop, go, change your speed, change your direction. And really without my dance background, I wouldn't have been able to come up with the product. And really it's not just a product. I wouldn't come up with the program that we have. There's changed tens of thousands of lives around the world. That's awesome. So we know that this extends beyond athletes. So why do you think that so many fitness professionals forget about balance and mobility and flexibility training when we know that people need it? I think because you can't see it. Yeah, when we train, we like to see the results. When I go and clean my backyard, I love the fact that the weeds are going to stand. I know that it's great. When we train as people want to see the results more than they feel the results is much easier to judge. And what we forget is the base foundation of all physical activity is movement. It's the ability to be able to move. Whether it's doing a bench press, moving your arms, whether it's getting up and downstair, whether it's doing box jumps, whatever you're doing, it's all about movement. Absolutely. Now, damn, let's get a little nerdy with that movement starts from our brain. It's not just like muscles contract to move bones, but it starts with that nervous system signal. So talk to us a little bit about how the brain comes into this. Okay, so movement is the brain and brain is movement. If you look at it, when someone's in a coma and they come out the first thing that shows that they're coming out of a coma, that stopping point is a movement. Now, how I came up with this device, I'm going to bring this up a little bit because it fits in with what you're asking. As a general by the name of Bob Ubank's Bob Ubank's use to host the newlywed game. He was third year in the Rose parade. He created the term woopy, but I'm not going to go into that because Miss Goldberg might get upset. But he was falling and he was 79 years old. And so I like any good trader, I'm going to train you're going to come to my place, we're going to train, we're going to strengthen your hip flexes, we're going to even those legs, strengthen the legs, strengthen the core, I'm going to get you back balanced again. And I try to put them through those athlete ladders, you know, at one or two one or two, are you going through it? Just slowly, he couldn't do it. So it's a great. Let's go over the wall, put your hand on the wall and start lifting your knees up and down. He could do that all day long. So hang on a minute, what's going on? If when you're not holding onto something, your body doesn't work, but as soon as you hold onto something, the muscles are engaged. So I started going back and studying how to baby's learn to walk, right? Because that system and neurological system doesn't change from the moment we're born to the end of our life unless there's a disease or an accident or something that comes in and Bob hadn't gone through those. So when a baby's born and they're learning to walk, let me ask you this Jenny, what gender people take their kids to when they're six months old to help them learn to walk? They don't, right? Yeah, it's the whole point. So why when someone's 50 or 60 or I've trained Olympic athletes or Olympic world record holders, why would we take into a gym to help them learn to have better balance recovery and war because muscles have nothing to do with balance. Muscles have everything to do with stamina and endurance strength, being able to raise your level of performance. So what happens is when we're born, we have the cerebellum at the back of the brain, about 80% of your billions of brain cells, I see it right above your cerebellum, above your spinal column. And what happens is we're messaging what we're doing is through the appropriate set of connection with figuring out where's our pressure points? How do we adjust how do I keep myself safe? So when I went back and started training by, I created a system of training the brain to body and speeding up the neurological systems, speeding up the way that you build a body so that then we can release the chemicals that then make us feel good, make us feel safe, make us feel solid and that goes everything from your serotonin to your dopamine to your endorphins, then BDNS, BDNS and then of course you got other things like Nora, Penetra and some of the other chemicals that are only induced from activity and movement, the strength and the body. That's a little nerdy. I can go in deep, if you want to, but that gives you a summary. I love it. Well, you're just highlighting the importance of our brain. Like we all kind of knew this, but what you're saying down, you're just highlighting all the things that our brain does, let alone the movement aspect of it. So we all talk about like body self love, right, loving ourselves. What about brain and self love? What would you say for that? Okay, beautiful. In 2018, I was in a bike accident, a metal pole came down hit me in the head. So a decent speed. And I was knocked unconscious for a few minutes. I had a secondary impact. I was already knocked unconscious. I got you know, flying through the air. I hit the ground back of my helmet already unconscious hit the ground broke open. Part of my brain data had to learn to talk, you know, to learn to function. This was to tell her. And so I had to go and study the brain. I never thought about it myself because I'd never gone through anything like that. As I studied the brain, I realized how dynamic it would be. Two forces in life, we have life, forcing the power force. Our heart is our life force. It's sending the oxygen around our blood. It's beating ourselves. It's keeping us alive. It goes up and down the raises as we exert more energy or learn to relax. Our power forces are brain. Now we have an autonomic system that keeps our body going. For example, you're thinking about your heartbeat and it's autonomic. We're thinking about our blood pressure our body heat. We're always adjusting. That comes from your brain. Everything comes from the center here. So I'm going to ask you a question to give a little bit of an example. You're a question here. Tell me something that you love. Like somebody in your personal life that you love Jenny. Oh, probably, but in your body. Yes. So have you ever said I love volleyball? Yes. Okay. Let me ask you this. How many times have you said I love my brain? Not that I can recall. And this is our power force. And when I train clients of work with many trainers, I coach a lot of trainers. It's amazing how much love we give. Outside things. But realize that what we have in here is our strongest forces. Our most powerful. When we look at our clients and realize we're training their body. How much we really training their brains? So after my accident, I survived. I ended up with my hand on my head. I closed my eyes. I love my brain. I love my brain. I'm so smart. No, in an arrogant way. Yeah, I'm giving permission. No different than a coach. Give a permission to their athlete to go and break a world record. Hey, if you can do it, do it. I'm saying to my brain, if you can do it, do it. So what's the most valuable thing that you have in life? Oh, I feel like this is kind of a trick question. Um, I want to see your brain. I don't know, but if I really said to someone come and I'm saying, what's the most valuable thing you have? What would what would naturally come to you? Oh, it's a me and probably my family. Family. Do you want to get you to think of slightly different way today and you can disagree with me, but you want to win time is the most valuable thing we have. Think about it. When everything else is when everything else is there, when time is gone, everything is gone. Right, when our time is up, it's gone. What we do with our time shows what's most valuable to our own life. Right, what's so important to us. Now, when I'm training a client, I want them to have a stronger brain health, the mind health, because from that, I can do anything with them, but they have to develop that. So I have programs, always been five minutes, warming the brain up to then be able to get the body to move because now the brain's free, it can go a deer and headlight knows it should move, but it stands there frozen and it's the same when we're confused or we're not in a free, low state. We don't give everything we can. So when I start looking at the brain and saying it's trained the brain, brain is movement, brain is balance, brain is the freedom to actually live life. So if we can take that and in a hands, what we've already got, what could we actually achieve? It's mind blowing when you think about it. That is, I mean, that's really insightful, Dan and I appreciate the way that you say that. That's really all stated. I think I agree with you. That's how I'll send you the chat, no, but, I know, right? Yeah. You know, that's awesome though. I really like the way that you stated that. So how does that all play into what you created? The 60-uport tell us about it? Okay, so Bob was forwarding his 79 years old and I never created this to have a product. I just created it to help him. It's 79 falling. He had had hit replacements. He wasn't in the best of physical shape as far as health-wise, but he was strong and I realized his body was strong, but his balance was gone. So by looking at the brain and saying, how do I do repetitive movements in multiple variant degrees on a surface that has freedom of movement? What could I do? I had no idea what this was going to go. But in three weeks, Bob went from hunched over shuffling and scared to get up in the morning because you don't know if you're going to fall. There are six miles an hour in a treadmill running up and downstairs, back out playing gold, walking with his wife around every morning with the dog, but the biggest change was psychologically he was excited to wake up in the morning because now his life was open. So now when I see trainers training and doing balance exercises, like you hear people say, if you stand on one leg, then you couldn't, you know, you got great balance. If you can hold it for 10 seconds. That's great if you're a fromingo. The where about movement, we got to be able to move change direction, start, stop speed up slow down. So how do we actually train that in a fun environment where you actually feel the results from your brain to your body and body to your brain? And that's where I came up with the 60-up balance training system. The only got released because we had so much success with thousands of people, stroke survivors, my own girlfriend who has MS Parkinson's, TBI is myself, stroke, I think I say stroke survivors, my own mother who had a stroke and had to give up lying dancing a year later before I created this product. She was no longer doing what she loved five days after training on it and reconnecting the neural connections. She went back to lying dancing and I can't see her age because if she hears this shit like, so that's amazing. So the mind and the brain are two separate things. The easiest way to show this, you know when you're walking down the street and you're looking in a shop window and you're walking past and you're on the phone talking to your husband and you're going, man, I wish it by that for me. And you're looking at it, right? Your brain is taking care of your body without you thinking about it. Yeah, when we begin to get to the point where we're looking down on the ground, you see the older people, those those that scared that looking down, they're shoffering watching. We're taking away the ability to feel because we're letting our eyes do the judgment. Then when you begin to follow, get up balance your eyes, you're going to your brain, hey, I'm falling off balance. The brain goes, I didn't feel it. What's that? And then you're down. Now, the biggest problem for me in the aging community or those struggling with balance or even those that are super athletes that don't know how to progress, it's because of the messaging in our brain. So that comes from society or someone's opinion. Think about it, when Roger Bannon still was the first person to break the form in it mile after he broke it. Nine other people came and broke it, I believe, yeah, yeah, why? Because the understand that belief, the knowledge changed that it was possible as achievable and people removed the mental barrier, I went and achieved it. Now, this is where we're going to a neurological level. I know I'm going on. I'm getting a little nerdy here. I love it. Let me go ahead and ask me how old I am. How old are you, Dan? I'm amazing. Now, people will turn around and go, what you're scared to say, right, no, no, I'm going to take this to a whole other level. When I train my clients, I'll say to them, how old are you? They're all saying I'm amazing. Society, if I said to you, I'm 19, you'll go, oh, you have an age very well. If I say I'm 90, you'll go, oh, you're amazing for your age. No, I'm amazing. Society judges us on our age. When I had a client walk in and there a little bit of bands were using a stick, I've already judged them as telemetations. If they walked in without a stick, immediately my opinions changed because they removed the stick. They could be attacking the same person in society. We're taught to judge on what we see and what we hear. Now, if I turn around and I go, okay, I'm 70 years old, we got all your amazing for your age. No, I'm amazing. I got in my doctor and said, my niece hurt and he goes, well, then could you get an older? No, I'm not getting an older. I played soccer. I twisted my knee. I'm here to get better because we're born to heal. We're made to heal and the thing that stops us is our own thought process or input into the brain because the brain is a miracle waiting to be unleashed. Now, let's take this to a whole other level. If I said to you, are you, you're doing great for your age? The message you've heard is, oh, I shouldn't be doing this well. Or I'm above the game, when am I going to decline? That then gets sent a cellular level to ourselves that are waiting to retire and expire because of society's expectations of us, right? What they've told us we are. If I turn around and you and say, I'm amazing, what's the message being sent to all my cells around my body? Now, I'm going to say, hey, I'm amazing. I'm going to function. I'm not going to go a lot more to achieve because we know every given that comes from our brain to our body is received at a cellular level and then at a complementary or a negative level. So that goes into when the brain training system that I have really goes into the neurological center and at the same time, no different than a baby learns to stand and walk and strengthens up naturally by being upright. So when you're clients, so the people naturally begin to improve their ability to move because we're strengthening while we're increasing the brains of ability. This all makes perfect sense to me, Dan. And now I want to know, I want to compare, I'm going to ask you a question that has two parts. So when we think about balance and mobility training, like you were talking about like what are we a full mingo standing on one leg? Like that's the most people think about it's like, oh, just do in here and hold your eyes and see if you can balance, right? It's not bad. It doesn't need to be that. But can you talk just a little bit about like what tradition or like old mentality looks like for balance and mobility training versus what did it look like on the 60 or how is this different? So the old style was, can you walk in a straight line? Can you walk with one foot in front of the other? It's almost like the DUI test that I'm talking about. Yeah, right? The DUI test. Yeah, right. Like can you stand on one leg and balance? Can you stand and we push your hip and can you recover? It's not really about movement. And yet, I would say about 95% of fools happen when people are moving. There are some that happen. It can be a blood pressure issue. It can be some sort of, um, vertigo issue where we begin to go off the basically the testing that we're done is standing still or moving. And when was the last time you walked one foot in line with the other? Right? Right? It's left right, left right. It's not crossover yet. We test in unnatural ways. There. So when I looked at that and said, we're doing balance testing for the sake of a result, but we're not doing balance training to give people the freedom to get out and actually live life, remove the fear and feel balance to the point where they don't even think about it anymore. Now with the balance training system I created 60 up, we have over 300 different exercises on one board that's less than three feet wide and two feet across multiple different foot positions, replicating real-life activity in a repetition way that what we're doing is we're building the brain to fill the body, the body to send back messages to the brain, the brain to go, this is how you correct the body going on correct that I feel good and then we can relax and we're multi-directional. So forward back with side to side and because of the width of the board we can practice the wide step and increase in your gate so that it becomes natural. But we know muscles have memory. We also know that neurons have memory. So if someone's been balanced their whole life and now they begin to lose it all we've got to do is reactivate the neurons and the neural connections to regain the confidence. So, the third one. Is this going to say like I hope somebody else's mind is blown as much as mine? Like everything you're saying Dan is kind of like a no-brainer if you're into this kind of stuff which I absolutely am and if we're into fitness, we're like, oh this makes perfect sense to your point. When do we ever walk one foot in front of the other so why do we do stuff that way to test our balance? Well you're never in that situation so of course you're going to be unbalanced in that situation and it's not necessarily going to make you better at it but this board that you have it's I love the fact that it replicates real life situations because you're actually training what you're going to experience which then your brain can say oh I've been through this I know how to respond like this is insane that I don't know why we have not thought about this in this way like if anybody else thinking that or is it just me? I don't know if it's really almost. Well it was weird I mean for those of you that are religious and spiritual this actually came to me in a dream so it's almost like with everything that I'd gone through in my own life and what I've done it was almost sent to me to create I actually tried to build something else and it kept going wrong and breaking I was making it to interpret I dream I super straight I dream one night woke up went to Home Depot put the wood out made it in my kitchen with kitchen knives trained on it and that was the board that Bob used to the recall her and then I got calling to neurofit centers and a beautiful lady Shirley McLean you know I was able to get to train and professional athletes but I've also used this with with body builders I had it down at the L.E. FedEx spoke we had body builders power lifters used it and they understood immediately weaknesses they have so the beautiful thing is it's not just those loose in their balance it's actually preventative both in losing your balance but also imagine if you're doing power squats and you're leaning very slightly onto your right hit you don't know it because you've been doing it the whole time that becomes an injury potential because we're not maximizing both sides of the body the board is self-conoled over 2,000 pounds independently tested so we can get big guys strongly everybody on the board and it will help connect their brain the body and then it will increase their potential to actually achieve what they are capable of doing. I love it so it's for everyone just like mobility and balance training and now we're partnering with you so what does this mean for our members as far as the board you sounds like you have some education opportunities for these guys what do you have for us in? Yes the first thing I couldn't be happier in part of the ISSA you guys have been great since we very first met actually I'd be able to convention and everyone there's just been phenomenal so thank you to all of you I'm about to release a continual education unit course that will allow anybody to get 16 CEUs which is almost two years worth we're doing a massive discounted price for ISSA members they will need to have the board to be able to do the CEU but the beautiful thing is and this is what's for me and this is why I think ISSA and ourselves connected so well it's a tool that you can take to anybody's home and it weighs 16 17 pounds set it up do over 300 exercises bands that are attached to it as well because we're made the board was made to use to get off of the board to go out and train but your balance you're going to be able to reach things up in the top shelf in the cabinet you're going to be able to bend down and pick up a bag always so we work on upper body strengthening as well as balance where balance comes first but can we be balanced and strengthen one side of the body then the other site because of the multiple foot positions so what makes Simon is for the trainers is if you have people online and you train them via zoom and who knows when that will become a major thing again with this world is you know ever changing you can do zoom training with them on a board while you have a your board at home so we're going to have an affiliate program that if you take the CEU and you get your certificate for taking it you will automatically become an affiliate that then you will earn money having your clients have it in their home so if you're driving to their home they've already got one you don't have to carry yours with you and then you'll earn your money back that will pay for your board pay for your program and be a revenue generator in the largest growing demographic for the future of health because now longevity and that's the due to quality and quantity of life is now the focus and that's where people are investing their money so I think it's a fantastic opportunity for the ISSA members to have something that lasts long term there's multiple levels within that and the beauty is we have them in physical therapy offices we have them in multiple group classes gyms have them we have so many different areas that you can then have versatility with the board to make money while you've continued your education and if I might ask I've said a lot because it's really educational on how the brain works there's over 10 hours of video footage explaining going through different programs learning so all your train is going to be fantastic and already have a ton of knowledge we're just adding to that and I think it will away you can a lot of people store of how they're training to get better results which is then going to make your client even happier that's awesome and I love every opportunity there is to learn so I'm super excited that you guys have your CEO course and then it gives them 16 CEO so thank you so much for sharing that with us and you guys the affiliate program we've been talking a lot about this with our partners this is like Dan said it's a great opportunity to make some money in for something that you believe in so if you believe in this if you believe in this product you take the CEO and you get certified and you get you a board it's amazing to be able to share this with other people that you're working with and be able to make a little bit of money on it so that's why we're giving you this opportunity to take advantage and Dan I know you have a promo code for these guys can you tell what it's for which of these parts it's for and what is the code? Yes so we're going to have a code is going to be iSSA 50 off perfect that's the number 50 OFF and it will give you a discount off of the board the CEO's released at $599 for the 16 use we're going to be doing iSSA special which is going to be $199 so again it's you know you're going to get almost two years of C use for $199 because we also understand you're going to get the board in there and then if you spent $400 you're going to be getting you know an affiliate fee offered that as well for each board yourself very quickly you can recoup that with your own clients and believe me they'll thank you for his work because it's life chain we got tens of thousands of people using the board we've got incredible testimonials and I will I love to say this not one of our testimonials or reviews has ever been paid at penny the reason being i refuse to that because people will tell mistruths for the sake of money they'll make it sound better than it is we're 100% if you believe in it and you want to help others say it you don't want to say it that's fine but we're not going to pay for something the main or be the truth because people don't tell mistruths if they're not being paid absolutely i love that so that's amazing opportunity won't throw the link of the promo code for you guys and all the details in the description of this episode as well okay so Dan before we close this out today i want to know i heard i should ask you what are eight words that change your life oh let me finish this up with a real quick story what go from soccer i'm going to sign up with the role marines because i don't eat ears with the cadets and suddenly you know i started this dance school to do a robust get stuff i thought i was going to be mounting climbing go to special forces and the teach said you should come at answer i'm like what a dance i'm a man's man i got a shade head of a backpacks i'm running and i went up as a joke really to this this dance school in London and i auditioned but it was as i already got my papers through sign up and the people there at the end of your auditions that are okay we're going to offer you a full three-year scholarship to start in two weeks time so now i'm like hang on a minute roll marines dancer dance was never in my scope but i thought you know i can go to marines in here it doesn't work out i know it's good sign up for them so i decided to take it now this is where this comes in and this is so dynamic because it applies to everybody everybody that's a trainer everyone that's a leader and every single one of your clients i went to source show called start i'd express Andrew Lloyd Webber show on the west end at the end my father would take him to see the show and i'd never seen a theater show i'm going to show him that was things show he said what do you think i went on my god that was incredible i can't believe it i said this is those people i mean that's amazing he says one day you'll be in that show and i said none i'll never be good enough i mean these period and those the a words he said somebody has to do it why not you i'm so empowering and i'd live my whole life i've done so many things and whatever i want to do whatever i've seen the opportunity to do it it's a passion for me i'll go do it somebody's going to do it why not you and that goes for anything in life if you want to do it and it's something you're passionate about i'll take the steps a champion is not someone the crosses the finish line first that's a winner a champion is someone that will step over the star line not knowing the journey ahead but having a mission because they got something to achieve that's the champions hard and even if you don't get there you've committed to the star you'll find it and this i'll show you this this was the character that ended up playing in starlight that's the lead in that there you have it so that's the proof and that is amazing i love that that is a mic drop moment for sure that is yeah that's awesome very cool well did if any of our viewers want to follow you where can they find you the 60 upboard where can we find online in social media okay social media is great you can go to Dan map calf underscore official on instagram and then on let me think on instagram the 60 up is 60 up fitness on this one on facebook it's 60 up fitness we have a members group in there that you can ask to join we're going to let you in we do live classes three times and we you can come on what she can come and join in we also have and again that's on facebook 60 up fitness you'll see our logo and then on youtube you can go to 60 up fitness on there and if you just put that in put 60 up fitness or 60 up balance Dan you'll see we've got over 300 online videos that you can use to understand the board the system of CS teaching live and i think that's it because i don't think i've got too much social media i'm damn met calf is well on on facebook and you'll see that picture as part of the stuff but that's not a drop mic moment i gotta pick the mic again i love it we'll make sure to include that in the description so i really can reach out and learn more about you and follow you a little bit that's awesome thank you so much for sharing this with Dan this has been really really cool very interesting and again i love science i love the brain i love the body hello what our bodies can do so i'm super interested i'm gonna look into the the cq's once you guys get it gone for us thanks so much i really really appreciate your awesome i love the most beautiful smile i think yeah i think it's a pleasure to be part of my with i s a and to all your members thank you for the work you do i works as a trainer for many years and it is selfless there's great moments but there's also a struggle in your giving yourself but others you know beauty in life and so on those days that's really tough thank you for getting up and going in and focusing with all suffering in different times in life and for those days that are great on glad is it keeps you going absolutely here here i second that i second that for sure thank you guys so much for watching super excited if you guys to pursue that let us know what you think when you guys check out the cq's and the board we'll be talking to you guys