Welcome back, everybody. We're doing another office hours after hours because there were so many good questions last week, John. The week ending May 3rd, 2024. Are you ready for this, John? Yeah, I mean, what are you guys doing to us? It feels like a whole lot of the job we have now answering all these questions. But it is a lot of fun to talk about the stuff with you all. Yeah, I was in say, I don't hate it. So let's dive in. We want to make sure that all of your questions are answered. If you send it in, we'll do our best to answer it. So John, let's start off with some nutrition questions. So from the nutrition office hours last week, which is on May 2nd, Thursday, there was seven questions, seven or eight, that we didn't get to. So let's start there and then we'll dig into some of the CPT questions from May 3rd, which was Friday. So the first question, this person was talking about, there's a lot of myths out there about carbohydrates. And they said that one of them is that they provide us with the necessary energy that we need. That's not a myth. That's actually a fact, right? But it also says the greatest, they also said that the greatest source of energy is fats, especially saturated fats. What conclusion can we reach? So I think this person might not quite understand these substrates as far as they relate to energy production, because carbohydrates are a source of energy. All the macronutrients that we eat are protein cards and fat. Saturated fats, if we're talking about fats, saturated fats are the less healthy fats, right? Those are the ones that are solid at room temperature. Those are the ones that when consumed in excess can lead to health problems. So saturated fats should not be entering this check. Exit the check. But when we're talking about fats as a source of energy, we can get a lot of ATP. We can make a lot of energy from a little bit of fat, right? More than twice the amount of calories per gram from the other macronutrients. And they're just a very energy dense molecule. When you look at the structure of them, that kind of explains it. But the circumstances when our body uses fats, it has to be right. It's a process to break it down. Our body's not going to do it if it needs energy right now. It's going to rely on carbohydrates or sugar. Because that's an easier source to break down. And in fact, it's a preferred source. Spend not only our body, our muscles and our brain. So what's a you for this? Anything else you would add for this? Just to make sure it's perfectly clear about these macronutrients? Yeah, like fat is a source of energy. But it's not in the form that we actually use it. Like carbohydrate and it's glucose formed. That's how we use it. It's kind of like, you know, when you pull out fossil fuels out of the ground, you don't just put that in your car and you go, right? It's got to be, it's got to be processed in the gasoline, because you can, so that you can use it. Thank you. That just happened by the way that you catch me. And this must be my PEW. This is my, my Einstein window. But yeah, so so fat is a source of energy. It is they say a great storage form of energy. But it is not the form of energy that we actually use in order to power ourselves into power movement. Yes, I love that. Well explained. So hopefully that clears that up a little bit. So it's not that it was a myth. It's just we need to understand these substrates and how our body uses them. So hopefully that helps with this question. There was another one here, John. Oh, this is a common, this is a form of talk about myths. This is kind of a common one that's kind of misconstrued. So this person asked, why did the human body not absorb more than 45 grams of protein per meal? Let's say you have somebody walked up to you and asked you that, John. What would you say? Yeah, I get it because this is one of those ones that you hear a lot. Over time and then there's only so much protein that you can use in any given time. And that's probably true of anything, right? Like if you ate like a 10,000 calorie meal, you're definitely not using all of that for function, right? That's just a ton of food to take in all at once. And since I've heard this so many different ways and some pros and cons, eating tons of protein and one sitting versus not. And the type of protein versus a different type of protein, I would say it's reasonable to say that it depends, but I don't think you have to be afraid about having a meal that has 30 or 40 grams of protein in it. You can certainly have meals that have more protein in it than that. And still be able to use it. And the usability of that protein is going to be highly dependent upon how much you need it. Because if you're good and you're eating a bunch of protein, then you may not get extra you sat at it. But if you're training hard, you're breaking yourself down. There's a lot of need for more protein. Then that need is going to dictate how much you're actually going to be able to use. Yeah, absolutely. So I think it's, I think we overthink this part because, yes, too much of anything your body to your point is not going to absorb it all in one sitting, right? Because our body's ability to absorb protein you guys is unlimited, right? But in one short amount of time, that's slightly different, right? The amount absorbed out of one meal, it's going to be limited because remember food moves through your digestive system. Keyword moves. It's not like it just sits there until it's all absorbed and then like elevators onto the next spot. Like it's moving through your system. And amino acids, there's certain spots in your digestive tract where certain nutrients are absorbed like mostly, right? And amino acids are mostly absorbed in your small intestines. Specifically, what am I thinking? Do I numb and do you numb? Are those the two? Yeah, you're do I numb and you're do you know which are the beginning parts of your small intestine? The food doesn't stay there for very long. So if it doesn't stay there for long, your body grabs what it can and then it moves on. So that number varies. But if you get to John's point, if you get 200 grams of protein, A, you're going to have probably a stomach ache, and B, your body's not going to be able to catch it all because it's moving past those areas. And it only gets absorbed there. Does that make sense? So simplify the way everything can about it. But also, I don't think it's as impactful as people like to think it is. All right, John. So I'll ask you this question. How would someone explain the time frame that like properly nutrition, good exercise, like how long it's going to take somebody to transform is the question? This person said they have clients that have had tough times because they don't see results within two weeks. But we know that it takes longer than that from most people to see results, whatever those results are going to be. But how would you explain this to a colleague? Yeah, you know, unfortunately our industry has put in people's minds that these time intervals of four weeks, eight weeks, 12 weeks, 30 days, 60 days, 90 days are like the amount of time you're supposed to do something in order to change yourself. And that's not the case. When we look at the stages of change, we're saying that you're in the maintenance stage after you've been doing something for six months, minimally. And that's just a behavior change. That doesn't necessarily mean that any amazing results have happened yet, although a lot can happen in six months for sure. So helping you are client to get out of the mindset of the two weeks, four weeks, six week thing, maybe a good first step depending on their goal. If they have a goal that six weeks from now, then I guess it's unavoidable. But then tracking in many different ways, some of the objective ways that the measurements that you take with your clients is one thing. But then also just having them pay attention to how their favorite clothes fit those sorts of things are really tangible and something that they will notice if they're paying attention. That's really fun. Think through your clients to understand, especially if they're a weight loss client, where they start to feel like the clothes are fitting better or their clothes are fitting too loose. I've had clients that unfortunately they lost so much weight and they were like business suits that they had to get all new suits, which cost them a lot of money, but they were happy to do it. So I think some ways that they can kind of pay attention have the ways that you are going to pay attention through your measuring and then help them understand the mindset of looking for the quick fix versus making a big a long-term behavior change. Absolutely. And I think this is where John Arjob becomes really important when somebody comes to you with a goal based on what we know about them, their current habits, their current activity level, their current nutrition habits, what they're feasibly going to be able to do, we have to help them set realistic timeframes for how long something's going to take. That is part of our job. So if I don't tell you this is going to take five months or this could potentially take you up to a year, assuming that progress is not always linear and up, right? Then what am I doing? I'm not setting them up for success. So I think that's a big part of this too is helping people understand that while what you're trying to achieve, here's what it's going to take. Here's how long I estimate it's going to take us. Are you doubt? Like, are you okay with that timeline? You have to be okay with it, but do you understand that this is how long it's going to take and be realistic about it? So I love that question, but that's a big part of what we do creating realistic timeframes. John, there was another question. If there were to purchase a hard copy of the book and other handouts and materials to aid and building our private practice. So I'll go ahead and start with this one. Yeah, the books can be purchased. You guys at books.issaanline.com. There's a bookstore. You can purchase it or you can just view print or download the textbook directly from your course. All I ssaid course set the book right there in the course for you too. But as far as other handouts and materials, it really depends. That's our favorite answer. It depends on what are you trying to share. Who are you working with? What kind of materials are you looking for? You look for posters, literal hands out, fland out splires. Like, what are you looking for? But guys, we talk a lot about the nutrition guidelines in the nutrition course and you can literally go on that search engine, Google, whatever, and type nutrition guidelines in insert your country or your state. Country is probably the easiest way to go about it. Most countries have nutrition guidelines, right? So in the US, we have my plate in Canada. They have something different in they've eat well in the UK, right? All these different places have their nutrition guidelines. They have websites with resources, free resources, downloadable resources. Things you can share or send to clients. So check it out because there's already stuff that's already built for you. So why try and create your own stuff when it's already there for you? Or you can modify what's there. Okay, so that's a great place to start looking for if you're looking for handouts and things like that. John, the next question. When a question or it's going to explain asked you, what should I be eating after I work out to maximize my body using fat as a fuel source? Okay, so this is kind of a big side. Lisa, I spent all weekend John this weekend. I was traveling and one of my friends every time I see them, they ask me questions like this and I'm like, there's no one answer to this, you're overthinking it. But what would you say for that? Somebody says, I want to maximize my body using fat as a fuel source. What should I be eating? I mean, one of the answers could be nothing because when you're like starving, then your body's going to have to eventually start dipping into those fat sources. But that's not what I would recommend. Generally speaking, if clients ask me this, I would say there's not a magic thing. You're going to eat that's going to make the fat burn. That's, we have to look at the entire picture. There's not these little magical things that happen or these little timeframes that have been pushed on us and a lot of fitness magazines. It's just not really the case. Just stay consistent with eating your well-rounded. And if this is a weight loss program, calorie control may be macro-controlled diet and just be consistent with it. If you eat this magical food or magical whatever right after your meal, but the rest of your day doesn't look good in terms of eating, then it doesn't matter. So what matters most, it's going to be the whole big picture and not what you eat right after your workout. I agree. I agree. And I mean, if you think about it, if you understand the energy systems, right? It starts with understanding it. Our body pulls glucose, right? We talked about it earlier. It's a preferred source of energy. So if you're eating carbohydrates after workout, your body is going to be like, oh, this is easier and it's going to break down the sugar for energy. So it's not going to utilize fat. It's a source. So I think you are absolutely dead on, though. And you said, don't eat anything because if there's no glucose available, your body will go to other things. Again, assuming the conditions are right. But is there a magic food that you should be eating to utilize fat as a fuel source? No. It's not, I always tell people, yeah, look at your overall calorie intake. That's more impactful than this at this point for most people. Okay. Now there's a couple of John that are kind of out of scope. But I want to read them anyway, just to help everybody understand why they're out of scope. The first one was, somebody said that there's a big emphasis on gut health. You're not wrong. A lot of research to show the leap between pretty much everything our body does in our gut health. What are things nutrition coaches should be aware when working with clients to see if some of their issues come from Candida overgrowth and a microbile biome imbalance? This is out of scope. Okay. You guys, if you want to become an expert in the gut biome, guess what? I have a couple books that I've read on it. Awesome. So I can speak intelligently about it. But we are not gut specialists. We are not gastroenterologist. We are not physicians. Okay. To test out somebody's microbiome and they're gut, it requires like medical testing. So they need to go see a medical professional refer them to their physician first. And if there's a specialist, they recommend that physician can refer them. Does that make sense? You guys? But then whatever they learn from the doctor, they can bring it back to us and we can help. But it's out of scope for us to start talking about Candida and any other microbiome issues. That makes sense. Out of scope send them to a doctor and they can get help there. And then just report back, hey John, is there anything I can support you with that your gastroenterologist told you you should be concerned about? Same thing with this other one. How do you guys talk, how do you come in supplements like protein patterns, branch, shen immunostats and multi vitamins interact with each other and what are best practices for combining them? Again, out of scope, out of scope we talk about this a lot in nutrition right? John, our pharmacist can tell you how medications or drugs interact with each other. A physician might be able to give you that information. But it is complete because we don't know everybody's unique too. So in a lab they might interact this way. But in your body they might interact in a different way. And I don't know if you have intolerances or allergies or whatever. So that is 100% out of scope for us. If somebody has a question about this they need to go see a start with your physician. Maybe go see a pharmacist or a dietitian if you have severe questions about it. And then report back. Report back. Tell me what they said. Are you in agreement with both of those being out of scope, got microbiome and then combining supplements? Yeah, in terms of like recommendations and that sort of thing. But like you said you can speak on these things. Like if you plant once out of a conversation it's great if you can have a conversation with them or point them in the direction of other resources. But yeah, there's a point where we got to draw the line there in terms of us being at like we're like we're pharmacists or or or people in the more medical field. You know, so again we can we can be there we can be the guide but at some point we're not telling people exactly what to do. Yeah, thank you. All right, Johnny, I got one more from Nutrition when it comes to dealing with clients who are interested in following a bad diet that you don't necessarily agree with is the best approach to be up front and honest with them or try to further educate themselves and them on this specific topic and then move forward. What would you say for this one? Um, so so the question is the best approach to be upfront and honest with them or try to further educate yourself on the specific trend. So definitely further educate yourself on this specific trend because how do you know that you don't necessarily agree with it if you're not educated on it? That would be my question, right? So so don't go around disagreeing with something just because you don't know about it because maybe you need to know about it. Maybe it's something that that would actually be great for you and for your clients and that's what it thinks. So so definitely educate yourself because I will say this sometimes things get a name attached to it because it's a highly marketable name but it doesn't tell you everything that you would need to know about the diet. This was very much true about the paleo diet because it was very marketable or caught people's eyes but then something would be like what's on supposed to be like a caveman. I'm a caveman now. That's how people would take it. But when you really looked at it, it was like lean meats, nuts, seeds, vegetables. I mean that's not bad, right? Okay. Yeah. And so um so so again, educate yourself so that you can give a and educate it answer but then work with your client on it because if you're client this is this is the whole praise the effort and not the outcome. If your client is willing to try something then that's a good thing. Now just let's just take a close look at what they're willing to try because if the bad diet they want to try is like the cookie diet or something then then it's definitely a different conversation then then maybe a paleo diet. But yeah, more and more education the better and definitely educate yourself and don't go telling people not to do something that you don't even know what it is. Absolutely and I'd say don't go selling people not to do something just because you don't agree with it. Right? It might be the thing that makes their life easier or helps them achieve what they're trying to achieve. It's more about educating them. Right? So if somebody john to your point says, oh I want to do the cookie diet, my question would be like what does that mean to you? Like do you know what that is? Because it depends on who you ask, right? Because that's a very marketable diet I've tried it before unfortunately, right? But there's brands that have it. So you only eat this brand of cookie, whether trying to sell you a cookie. So of course you're only going to eat that brand, right? Or is it something else? The baby food diet, whatever it is, what do you know about that and why more importantly, why do you feel client that that would help you achieve your goals? Find out more, find out what they understand it to be. And if there's a reason for it or they feel like they want to do it, it is not up to us to talk them out of it. It's up to us to make sure they know what it is. Help them understand it. Let them make the choice and if they still say yes, I want to do it. All right, how can I support you in doing this? And then like you said earlier, John, just monitoring, checking in every now and again, well, let's make sure that this is actually working for you and it's good for you. So maybe every couple of weeks you check in, right? How's your hydration? How are you feeling? How is your weight changing? Whatever you're trying to change? We got to track it because if you're doing something for three, six, eight, 12 months, then we find out at the end of 12 months it didn't work. Like maybe that was a little too long to let that go. Right? But I've done that before with people where I gave them not an ultimate. But I gave them a, we made a handshake deal where I said, okay, we'll try it this way. This is what you want to do. We'll try it this way. How about we give it three months? If you don't get to this point, we set a reasonable goal. If we don't get to this point in three months, are you open to trying something different? Yeah, cool. Let's shake on it. And then let them try it. Right? And then go from there. So I love this question. Love it. Excellent questions. All right, John. So that's it for nutrition from last week. What do you got from the CPT? Yeah, that's why everybody was switching over to the leftover questions from CPT because there was, there was about a million of them last week. Okay. So first one, this is kind of continuing on with nutrition that there's crossover with these two courses. So the first question was how do you get your clients to stay focused on their eating habits on the weekends? Jenny, I know you've dealt with this. What are you saying? So I tell people about consistency. Right? It's about consistency day in and day out. What we do consistently gives us our outcomes. So for me, I talk to them about picking foods that you would eat every day of the week, right? Waking up at the same time, staying hydrated. The weekend is not, what did they say last week, John, they said, don't let the weekend be your week end. That's right. As a week, as in your your bad spot. It's about understanding their schedule, right? Everybody, if you work Monday through Friday, chances are you're Saturday and Sunday schedule where you're not working, look very different schedule wise. Right? So how does that impact? Maybe that's a conversation. How does that impact the way that you eat, the way that you cook, where you go to eat? Right? Let's understand that in the beginning so that we can help somebody make what I like to call better, bad choices. Right? That's I feel like it's just a matter of being prepared and understanding somebody's lifestyle and understanding the choices that they make. That's where I start with this. I don't really have a, it's just like it distinct answer for this John, because it's a conversation. Sure. It's also a mindset sort of thing. So earlier when I was saying the four week plan, the six week plan, the 30, 60, 90 day plan, this is kind of the same mindset of being on a program. Like, I'm on the program Monday, if you Friday, put it on the weekends, it's whatever. And that's not really how it should be. Like, you should try to be living a particular lifestyle that supports your goals most of the time. Like some people say 80% of the time you want to be on it 20% and not so much. Now that other 20%. That doesn't mean it's just donuts and fast food and binge drinking on the weekend. Because that derail, that derails everything. That just means maybe a little something here, a little something there. So don't let the weekends turn into just a, a, a, a two days of bingeing. It just means it might be a little bit different than when you are normally quote unquote on it or or on your plan or whatever you want to call it. So, so don't let the weekends be something completely different than the rest of your life. You know, hopefully most of your days in your life reflect how you want to be as opposed to just going off the rails on the weekends. Next question. I'm curious how you would best handle social media marketing for new trainers to promote themselves for more clients. So, Jenny, I'll start and then I'll want you to take on this. But more and more, because Jenny and I have had a chance to ask people about this a bunch of times and people who are really, really good at this. People who have tons of followers, where we have another one on the podcast this week is a matter of fact. And almost always, they, I mean, they can get into specifics, but almost always they're just be consistent, be consistent and put out valuable content. Now, we can get into the weeds of what valuable content is. But if you're a personal trainer, then technique on exercises, your favorite leg day, you know, just it can be a lot of really basic stuff. Because remember, you don't have to go out there trying to impress all the exercise scientists in the world. You're trying to get the attention of potential clients. So, basic information, maybe some of your personality in there, if you're, if you're really trying to be in social media, because there's a difference between you actually being in the videos and you just posting other stuff and neither one of them's wrong. I don't think, but people do like to get to know the potential people they're going to work with, but be consistent and then come up with a valuable content. So, what is valuable content? Again, ask yourself, like, what would catch your eye? Like, are you looking for a new way to be a better runner? Are you looking for a new way to build your biceps? Like, these are these are basic things that people might be looking for. They won't be looking for it for all the time. But again, if you're consistent and you have, you know, people who are potentially seeing your posts, it'll catch someone's eye. Someone that will be looking for that and, and then maybe you've got someone and then patients because there's a lot of things out there that lead you to believe that as soon as you start posting things, you're going to like triple your business in a week or two, and that's not typically how it happens. Doesn't happen to some people? Sure, but that's not typically how it happens. Yeah, I agree. Yeah, so you make some really great points or John, like, being consistent, but then putting out valuable information, like, provide them with something and you made a phenomenal point, John, you're not trying to impress the scientists of the world. You're trying to impress the average person who maybe has questions. So keep your information simple and understandable, digestible, if you will. But I also love the idea. You guys, somebody wants to hold me. That's so I want to share it with you guys. That, like, for example, on Instagram, how it has your name, and then below it, you can put like a description or information about yourself, right? And it gives you so many characters or so many lines, whatever, whatever you put in there, like mine says dog business competitor, personal trainer and nutrition coach and volleyball player and coach or something and golf want to be because I suck at golf, but I like it. Right? But then somebody was like, well, all the things that you list there about yourself, make sure that your content reflects that. So if you're a personal trainer who's trying to get clients and you want to be able to explain to somebody quickly who you work with or what you train, put it in your description, right? Weight loss, nutrition, like, put the thing that you're used, specialized in, and then all of your content that you post should align with what's in the description of you. That was the big, I was like, oh, mine, blow. And I didn't even thought about that. I need to post more about like golf. And my dog's like, right? It doesn't all have to be one thing, but if you post five things, or if you share five things about yourself, make sure that it aligns. So people know who it is that they're following and what they should expect. So I love that. We can go on about this forever. And again, our podcast is a great place to get some more tips because like John said, we've had some great people who are really, really good at this on our podcast and they shared some phenomenal tips. All right, next question. This is a common one. So I feel like memorizing all the anatomy terms. It's one of the more difficult things for me to get down. Are there any fun, nomadic devices people used to remember things like anatomical positions, of bones, and muscle. So if you come to boot camp at all, then you would know that there's these things we call geniisms. So so Jenny definitely has some. So Jenny I'll start with you and then I'll give my take. Oh, there's tons. Yeah, definitely if you're in the course, go back and watch the boot camp for a week one or session one, where we talk about some of the terms and stuff we go over some of the common pairings. But one, my favorite one to teach is prone and supine, right? Phrone is face down, face downline, supine is the opposite face up. If you take the you out of the word supine, it's spell spine. You're laying and you're spying. But also if you're in the prone position, it starts with a P. you can do a push up. If you're in the supine position, starts with an S, you can do a sit up. Right? Stuff like that that could be impactful abduction, ABD. If you got abducted by aliens, did they take you away from the earth or did you they put you back on it? If you got abducted, they took you away. So if you abduct something abduction, it's moving it away from your body. Right? Whatever it resonates for you, I have some goofy ones and they're kind of they're kind of funny. So hopefully they're memorable. But there's tons of ways to remember these things. Yes, I'll give you a different take and that's just just just putting them to use. When we're talking about anatomy, in particular, in bones and muscles, there's movement that you can do. And then it's just a practice. If I'm moving my arm and I'm definitely moving my shoulder joint, definitely if I'm flexing and extending the elbow, I'm definitely moving the elbow joint. And then what muscles move those joints, what movement is happening. So there's a lot of repetition in it. But the thing is you get to not just repeat these things in your mind, you actually get to perform movements associated with all this anatomy. And in that way, you add a layer to your learning. You're not just seeing it reading it or hearing it, you're actually doing it. And there is plenty of evidence to suggest that learning in all of these different ways. Because it's all different. It's all different neurons firing to learn the same thing. We'll help to promote the learning. This would be reflected. Like if you're super nerd, you can look into, I believe his name is Donald Hebben, Hebian Theory of Neuroscience. And he basically states that what fires together, wires together. So if you're moving all those parts and thinking about those parts and thinking about the muscles and thinking about the movements, while you're doing the movements, you're getting a lot of things that are firing together in the hopes that it'll wire together in other words, help you remember it better. Not bad. Next up. Just want to ask if you have a program designed sample for a client who has a knee problem or shoulder problem, just did have an idea for it and we'll also use for the client. So all preface our answers by saying depends on the problem. Right? They got a knee problem or shoulder problem where something's torn or something like that. Then they need to go to the doctor. We don't do that. We don't do that. And we don't have MRIs in our face that let us actually see if they have any tears of anything. So I want to preface that. A preface that our answer is by saying that, but we do have people who have knees and shoulders that, you know, kind of sometimes a, or don't move so well. Maybe they don't have great posture who knows. And there's certainly things that we can do for people where again, if the knee or shoulder problem is they just are our tight or weak in those areas, then that's right up our real house. Like, Jenny, like, when people have issues in their back, their hips, their knees, their shoulders, et cetera, sometimes it's just a function of them being kind of e-mobile and weak in those areas. Absolutely. Yeah, people who like have sedentary jobs or lifestyles, like sometimes that can contribute to it. So moving their body, getting stronger will help relieve some of their pain. We can, so John, absolutely right, we can't image people. So I can't tell you, oh, that's a bone spur. I can't tell you what's going on in your joint. If you are concerned that much about something, they absolutely need to go see a specialist and get it imaged. Have them look inside of your body and tell you what is going on. But there is something called corrective exercise that I love. I absolutely, John and I are both sort of right incorrective exercise. We use it all the time, but it helps you identify, movement, and posture imbalances that are muscle-related. Right? I always tell people, we deal with the muscles, not the structure or the bones. So if it's muscular, meaning something's too tight, right? Your tight, in your shoulder and then it causes you sleep funny and your shoulders always like this. Well, that causes back pain and neck pain and hip pain. That can all be related. So if we address the muscularature and it makes it go away, well, that just tells us that that was muscle-related. So there are some things that we can do if we identify that it's muscle, not structure. But if they're concerned about structure, they need to go see the appropriate specialist for it. That's right. And there was a similar question that just basically asked is exercise, safe for people with knee problems and what type of exercises should they do and how often. So some of that will depend on what the problem is. But again, assuming that they don't have this big structural issue where they gotta go see like an orthopedic surgeon, you know, what exercises should they do and how often it will in general for general knee function. I mean, it flexes and extends, right? So there's there's flexion and extension that happens in several movements, lunging and squatting for, for example. But then I always like to thought of, like our our our knees don't bend in the frontal plane, right? They don't bend sideways, right? They only right? But anyway, if it happens, sorry. But that doesn't mean that they should never experience forces coming from the frontal plane, right? That's why we do sideways movements. So that your body can be accustomed to forces coming in multiple different directions so that your body is ready for it. So when I have had my own knee problems, that's how I addressed it. I made sure that I was doing the movements that my knees can do, but then also make sure that my knees experience forces of different speeds, of different loads and from different directions. Alright next question, knees over toes? Lapestin mark questions today. Love it. See a lot online both ways with both sides willing to die for their stance. What do the professionals say? What a great question. So I believe what this is saying, Jenny is, is your knees going over your toes bad or good? What would you say? So I love this question because yeah, they see me at thing where people are like, oh, your knees should never go beyond your toes. In real life though, do your knees go in front of your toes? If you live a somewhat dynamic life, the answer is yes. So to John's point, like accepting forces like in the frontal plane, laterally for your knees, for example, this is a great example of why can't you train where your knees go in front of your toes? Because in real life they go over your toes. If you never train that way, but then it happens, you're the person who's going to be laying on the floor like, oh, I blew up my knee because your knee is not strong to accept forces when your knee is beyond your toes, which happens all the time. Right? So do you need to always, like, I don't think we need to be so concerned about this is my point. And everybody's mechanics are different. You would depend on how long your bones are, how tall you are, how strong you are, how movable your joints are, how mobile you are, right? There's lots of different things that can impact our range of motion. And what that looks like, I'm sick. John and I are both six feet, six foot one, John will tell you whatever. For a pretty tall, so our squat, you better believe, if I go super deep, my knees are probably going to be at or in front of my toes. It's just, it's the way my body is built versus somebody who's five two. So is there anything wrong with it? No, is it good to be strong when you knees go over your toes? Yes, because it happens in real life. So why wouldn't you want to be prepared for something that happens in real life? That's my stance on it. Yep. Yeah, just to all that. Just know that there's a lot of things that have been said out loud in fitness and group X rooms and from trainers for the last 20 or 30 years that have stuck around, but there is simply just no evidence to suggest that your knees going past your toes in and of itself is bad. Could we come up with some instances where it might be short? Sure, sure. But in and of itself, there's no evidence to suggest that your knees going past your toes is bad. Sometimes people will say, oh, put a lot of tension on your knees. Okay. I mean, when you do squats, put a lot of tension on your quads, that's the point, right? Like, sometimes we want tension in these places so that they get stronger. All right. Next question. In chapter seven, there is a sentence. Fitness professionals can look for hyper extension or flattening of the lumbar spine during gate assessments. How do we observe this? So I've had to do a lot of gate assessments and general speaking. You want to look from the side in order to see these two particular things. First of all, you have to understand what hyper extension is and what flattening of the lumbar spine is, which is, so there should be a natural curve in the lumbar spine in the first place and then what you're looking for is the reduction of that spine as they're going through their gate cycle. So this, I mean, this is getting a little extra effort for this course. But that's something you want to watch from the side. Hopefully on a treadmill otherwise you're going to have to walk with them while you're trying to so to in order to watch. But if you can watch from the side on a treadmill, if you're really trying to be good with the gate assessment, watch from the side on a treadmill, if you can mount your camera even better so that you don't have to be afraid of any movement. And also, if you know exactly how high you put that camera on that, on whatever you mounted it on, then you know that you will be able to take that video the same way from the same height the next time that you assess. And then again, you're doing it from the side and then you're looking for hyper extension and that flattening of the lumbar spine. It's really, if you know what you're looking for, it's not hard to see, but those would be that that would be the protocol I would put in place to assess it once and then assess it the next time to see anything got better. It may be using apple, you can do slow motion with the video so that you can kind of go frame by frame. Yeah, I agree with everything John just said you guys and this is actually segue to something kind of related. It's a great opportunity to make sure that you guys know the equipment that you're using because John mentioned and unless you're going to walk with somebody while they're doing this, which makes it hard to videos like smoothly, put them on a treadmill, right? But did you guys know that I'm a lot not all, but a lot of general commercial treadmills, a 0% in client like when you first start it and it's on 0% grade is actually a slight decline. So that could change the way somebody walks. So a lot of treadmills I know this because when we were at Orange Theory, the treadmills that we use were life fitness, we had to put them at 1% in client. What right as 1.0 is actually flat. So if you are, I'm not to get down into the weeds with stuff you guys, but if you really want to get good at corrective exercise and making sure you know equipment, just go online and look up the brand. A lot of them have a lot of information on their own websites about their equipment, little things that you should know how to set like the seats and the backs on things, right? Because a lot of them have to do with your height if you're between this height and this height, use number four, this height and this height, use number three and then on all that brands equipment, you'd use the same number. Did you know that if I'm saying something to you or you're like, those numbers mean something, you might want to do a little research and figure out how to set these pieces of equipment and what it means because at some point you're probably going to have to use that information or explain it to a client. So kind of related, but love that, Jim. Next what we can answer a couple of these pretty quickly. So first one, I would like to know if my anatomy class would count as credit towards certification. No, we're, we're, yeah, we are education, but that's not how those works were. We're not accredited for college credits and college credits are not accredited for certification, but I would say go ahead and do both. I mean, I think it's great. I would like to know the chances I would have of getting a job after I'm certified as far as I know pretty good, right? It depends on the job that you're looking for. If you're the first one, you want to apply for as CEO of ISSA then probably not, not good. But I mean, you're just talking about becoming a trainer somewhere as far as the information being generated all the time, all the health cuts are looking for more trainers. And then lastly, as I also have a full-time college student, well, most places work with my schedule. That's going to, that's going to be dependent on place to place. It depends. There's a lot of different places out there, but I've had college students that I employed as personal trainers and I was, I was definitely able to make it work with them. Would you say anything differently, Jenny? No, I think that's not all those. Next one, I think is an easy one too. What is the age range for clients to train? Like 0 to 100? Well, maybe not 0, but you know what I'm saying. Like all of them. Maybe not baby. Oh, limit. Maybe not babies, right? But maybe you don't need to be trained. Are you kidding me? Until they're like two years old, I feel like, A, they know everything in the world. That's why they look at us like we're idiots. And also they move really well. Have you guys ever seen an infant like a toddler who just learned to walk? Have you ever seen them squat? Like a pristine form? But all the way down to the ground, perfect little bed in their knees. Like they're just mechanics are just they're perfect at it. And then they learn how to move well. All these chairs. Right? All right. Last question for for today. What are the guidelines for safe and effective exercise prescription for special populations such as older adults, pregnant women, and individuals with chronic health condition? John, I feel like this person hasn't gotten very far in the textbook. That's just you wait. This is a part of our course. It isn't that you can take whole courses on all of these things. If you really want to be a specialist on working with older populations or pregnant women, postpartum women. So there's a lot for us to go over all the guidelines would be again trying to do a whole course. So hang tight. This does happen in this course. But again, there are other courses including ones with us that you can take to learn how to work with you. You learn how to work with older adults, et cetera. So if that's something that you want to learn a lot more of, there will be some as a part of this course. But also you can seek out more education if you want to specialize in those areas. Love it. Yeah. In junior education, if you want to get into any of those specifically like John said. But yeah, there's a whole section in the course you guys with general basics on you have to understand what these conditions are, what these special populations are, what does that mean for them? How is the body impacted? How is exercise impacted? And then when we understand those things, it makes the modifications that we make for them very, very intuitive, meaning like, oh, well that makes sense. The right, we have to understand a condition and how it impacts our body first and then we can go from there. So it is in the book definitely check out it is week five. That we go into special populations a little bit. So session five in boot camp. But it's one of the later chapters in the textbook. So definitely check it out. So this was fine John. That's a good question. This is week. Yeah, we did it. And this goes on YouTube, right? It does. Yes. This will be live on YouTube. Hopefully in the next day or so. We've got to start acting like, you know, real YouTubers and podcasts. All right, everyone, make sure to like and subscribe so that you can stay up to date with every thing below. I say, but hopefully this is helpful. One thing we want to know is this truly helpful to you guys. Like me and general having fun, but you know, we don't we don't get paid to just have fun all the time. So this is truly helpful to you guys. We would love to hear from you. Yeah, leave us a comment below. If this is helpful for you because if it's not, we won't do it. If it is, we'll keep doing it. So thank you for joining us, you guys. Office hours after hours, episode two for the week of May 3rd. Have a good one, guys.