Welcome back everyone for another ISSA talk. I am always excited to have people with me who want to share great information with you guys, but today I'm super excited about the topic that we're talking about. It's going to be about insured today, you guys, and not health insured. So we're going to clarify that as we get started, but I am very much involved with students, whether it's in our boot camps or on our Facebook page and all the time, people are saying, oh, I don't need insurance. Oh, I don't need insurance for they try and skimp on insurance. And people do that and real life and it blows my mind because insurance is there to protect you. So I have some amazing experts that have partnered with ISSA, not only to offer you guys some great services at a great discount rate, but to inform you guys what you need to know about insured. And that's what we'll be talking about today. I have with me Bill Stump and Jim Cooper from API fitness. Hi guys. Hello. Hi, I'm Jim. It's Bill glad you guys could be with me. So could you guys introduce yourselves a little bit and then tell me about API. So Jim, let's start with you. First of all, thank you for having us on. We're excited to be presented here with ISSA. My name is Jim Cooper. I have been training for almost 40 years now. I started back in the early 80s and have been everything from startup gyms to Jim owner for 25 years. This is how I met Phil later on in my career. And you know, so I've along the way, I'm an ASM certified trainer and I've always accumulated more knowledge. I believe in the C use I believe in the the extra curricular stuff that's out there. It'll open your eyes. You don't know what you don't know until you get involved. And that's what I found out through just discovery. I'm an RKC as e Health Practitioner Stickmobile. I really dive into whatever's current that I find valuable to my clients and to myself. So that's my real story. I did meet Phil and my Jim about five years ago. We decided that we'd be a good idea to come up with an Apollo C for personal trainers that are highly certified. We went for the high highly certified personal trainer to offer them the best rate because we're more inclined not to hurt people when we know what we know. We work at taking care of our people, not hurting them percent. Okay. That's my story. Very nice. Thank you, Jim. A lifelong learner, much like myself. I love it. I love it. And Phil, tell these guys a little bit about your thoughts. I'm just about the same time Jim started doing his personal training as we started our insurance operation. There is a need and there was particularly in the 1980s that even the country for insurance companies that could help people who were in these smaller professions. People want big dollar insurance policies because they want big dollar commissions and so forth. But there's a whole bunch of people in categories like personal training and that need insurance. And nobody pays attention to them. And we opened our insurance company back in the 80s, 1986 actually and started providing professional liability insurance coverage for for people in a whole range of different professional niches. And over the years, you know, our other success we started just in California. And I think our first year, we had 150 or 175 clients and today we have about 150,000 clients and we were an hour national and of course in the US territory. So we're covering people all around the country. And I then I ran about 40 pounds ago and I think about eight years ago or so and started working out with him and and you know, you get to know somebody and you can see you already have seen from Jim how passionately is about trying to do things well. And you know, we just we just seemed to fit. And so we got together to have him help us lead this fitness program. That's amazing. Now a couple of things I want to call up for the viewers before we move forward. Bill brought up a couple of great points. You guys first of all, 8 p.m. that around since the 80s. That's well over 40 years now. The industry has changed. It has evolved. It has grown. They have been there along with it. Okay. So it's really important to find an insurance company that understands our industry. That's my second point. Okay. They deal with fitness professionals in specific niches. And they just mentioned it's highly certified individuals. So those of us who continue our education and know a lot of things about a lot of things and work with a lot of different types of clients. So again, they're going to be able to cover those little blind spots. Those things that you might not think about that you need coverage for. So keep that in mind as we go through this conversation. It's very specific. Okay. I'll just jump in and say, you know, kind of a lot of sequence, but whatever. You know, the one thing about the type of exposure that personal trainers and other professionals, you know, that it could be a turnies, doctors, even the carpenters, people that work as a professional for other people have is that they do something wrong and hurt somebody. And it's not like car insurance where, you know, you're driving down the road. Something happens and you get an accident. You guys, you pay the other person. You go your own way. If you're in a profession and you hurt somebody and you get tagged for it or someone claims that you hurt them and you get held responsible for it, that can hang around with you, your entire career. In fact, you devastate you so much because the disruption and the that that it can cause for you, it can, it can take you out of your career. And that's that more than anything is why I think it's so important to work with an insurance company that really knows your profession. Because if something happens, you will want somebody to know the differences between what you do and what other people do the way your business lays out, the way you're working with people so that they can defend you properly and they can tell the difference between a bogus claim that some attorneys trying to push and you know, a real injury that needs to get resolved. I want to ask you to get a sequence there. But no, here's the fact that accidents happen when you least expect it. It's not a planned event. It's an accident. And you don't intend on ever really trying to hurt somebody. But when an accident occurs, it can be as simple as a care being or break an off and smacking in the head. I say that because it didn't happen to my friend's client. But my friend just yesterday had a care being or break and smacked him right in the head. It's an end. And yeah, something inflicted as it is, it could have been a client. It's interesting that you know, film it a point once about, you know, if you're using bands, it's not a bad idea to put some kind of protection over the eyes. Because they can break and detach a redneck. I put glasses in my band area specifically for that. Yeah, that's a good call out. Or like I use a specifically to call out a brand that I love and we partner with. Strups. They have the sheath bands. They have a fabric covering over them. And that's the purpose. It's not to make it harder to stretch the fabric doesn't stretch, right? Text you if the band breaks, it breaks inside the fabric. Yeah, so good college of, absolutely. And you're absolutely correct. I was going to say the same thing. Accidents are accidents, right? We don't intend for them. And you only need insurance when you need it. It's not like tomorrow. I'm going to need this. So it's important to have. So I want to talk about some of the different types of insurance. And I work with people in all different stages of their career. But I want to ask you guys the most simple question about this insurance. What is liability insurance as a relates to a fit is professional? And how does it differ from the insurance? I'm using airports that people usually think of, which is like health insurance. Completely different. Correct, felt? Right. Yeah. Now, the type of insurance we're talking about here is when health insurance is protecting you in events you get sick or something goes wrong with you. And then you buy an insurance policy. So that if your care is very, very expensive and unusually costly, that that that cost gets born across the whole population of people that are insured. So it doesn't devastate you financially. So health insurance is a little different type of a personality. But liability insurance is all about someone claiming that you did something because them in injury or caused them a loss. Sometimes it's a personal injury, sometimes it's a financial loss. But something you did cause them damage. And if you're in business, you want to have liability insurance because people out there, things can happen and people out there can make claims. I mean, you might be showing someone around your gym and they slip and fall. Oh, now what? Next, you don't think anything of it in three days later, you get a letter from an attorney. You know, if you think everything's cool, but all the sudden there it is, you know, you could you could have a business this operating and has a leaky pipe and it and the water goes down to the unit below you and causes damage to somebody's carpet. And then next thing you, your phone call, you don't even know it happened. And you know, that's the kind of thing that sort of what we call general liability insurance coffers. And every business really should have general liability insurance. Just cover those weird things you see in Montevita commercials all the time. They really do happen, weird things do happen. And that's what the general liability insurance is for. In personal training environment, you have this other exposure, which we talked about briefly professional liability insurance, general liability insurance doesn't cover professional liability. It covers the weird stuff, but it doesn't cover acts or emissions because you as a professional failed to do your job right. That is a special type of insurance called professional liability insurance. And if you're an appeal like a coach or personal trainer, you need to have the professional liability insurance. Some folks have operated a bigger operation. They may get a combo policy is called a Bob of business owners policy. It's a nifty little policy. You should look into it. If you are operating a gym, you know, a couple thousand square feet of space and you, you know, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're gonna fill on operation this your own. You should, you should have a Bob and you used to have a Bob and when you get your, you're on gym. You know, it's sort of a, Bob provides a whole range of coverage. And I strongly recommend people with a more advanced business and broader business to get one of those. If you're an independent person, your liability exposure is a little bit less. It's most typically the slip and fall thing we mentioned earlier. And the good news is our professional liability policy has a component of general liability that covers those kinds of little things that can happen in your business. That Bob also can cover you also in your parking lot. I mean, you know, like I said, everything that has to do with your business, like, you know, slipton falls can happen on the way into your place. They sure can. Yep. And you can have, you know, an accident inside of your parking lot. You know, so just things like that in the trip, it's an oftentimes, so somebody will say to you, oh, everything is fine, everything is fine, everything is fine. I did, it was near fall. It wasn't your fault. And all of a sudden, you get a phone call, like, if you were saying, I just like, I can't believe that person had that like that. It was there fault. Yeah. So, you know, that's what, that's how it rules. Yeah. So, you know, there's the general liability stuff, the professional liability stuff. If you're big enough and you have employees, you got to have workers come in almost every state in the country. And that protects, that's a very special type of insurance that protects your employees if they're injured doing the work for you. It's a very special class of insurance. But if you have employees, then you should have that. I suspect most personal trainers are more independent and don't require that. But if you're depending on the size of your operation, you may also need that type of coverage. But you know, you can get health insurance if you do have employees and it's a great thing to have for employees. But it's, well, you know, it's not that common for a very small business to have that. So, okay, what about Phil for anybody who is traveling like I traveled to my clients, right? Sure. Are you strengthening or my private client? I travel to them in a lot of times. I bring my own equipment. So, if I have my vehicle, my equipment that I have in my garage slash driving around in my car, my person while I'm traveling, damage while I'm driving, things like that, property damage, would that be considered with with liability insurance like with what API over is the right to go to my vehicle insurance for that. Yeah, there are a couple of different things going on here. It's great to bring up these real life situations. They really do mean something to people. If you, first of all, let's, let's talk about the professional liability side of what that conversation. One thing nice about a professional liability policy that's issued by a group like us is it's mobile. It goes with you wherever you go and we know that our professionals are mobile. That's just by their nature. And when I say it goes wherever you go, I mean anywhere in the United States where it's legal for you to do what you're doing, your policy goes with you with protects you. So, you've got this little bubble around you wherever you happen to move, whether it's down in the beach or it's, you know, on a trip to Colorado or what it doesn't make any difference. Your policy goes with you. And with respect to our policy and that little bubble, if you go to some local other location and you're working with somebody and you have a little area that you're responsible for where that train treatment is taking place and someone walks through that area and slips and falls. You've got coverage. It's almost like you created a little mobile office for yourself, the area you're responsible for for slips and falls for your professional services and it goes with you. You mentioned your equipment, that's property insurance. Now, it's a little different because if something you own gets damaged or stolen, then that's your loss, not someone else's loss. So that moves us away from liability insurance, to property insurance. We do offer a property insurance policy pretty nicely catered to the mobile personal trainer. You can get $10,000 in coverage, $25,000 in coverage. And the idea is to cover your personal equipment. It could be your laptop, could be, you know, your fitness equipment that you carry about with you and and then take to wherever location you're providing service. And our little it's a $99 policy, it's a separate standalone policy and it will cover you wherever you go with in the get in the United States for your property. That's your your your personal trainer equipment. Now, that also just to add to that say you don't have a couple thousand square foot gym, but you just want to operate out of like a small space. Maybe 400 square feet. I mean, it doesn't take a lot of space to fill enough equipment to do your job. Just, you know, the time size of a good size room, right? You you probably don't have $10,000 worth of gear in there. So that might be something you can do in lieu of a box. Is that correct, Phil? Yeah, that's right, because the box they're great, but they're more expensive. They're in the $500,000 range minimum pricing and they're great policy, but they're just they're for a little larger operation. Got it. Very cool. There's options. And I mean, if this sounds daunting to somebody like, oh, I have to think about this and that and that's that's what you call somebody like you guys, because you'll ask them some questions about their business and what they do who they work with, and you'll tell them what they need and then pick what they would like to pay for, right? Yeah. The automobile question is a little different one. There's so many circumstances that could arise with the automobile, but primarily when you're driving your vehicle, your vehicle coverage is the primary coverage responsible for liability that results in that situation. So that is pretty much an automobile insurance policy issue there. Perfect. So that makes sense. Yeah. So then you probably don't want to have bare minimum insurance on your vehicle either. We don't offer auto-homobile insurance policy so you can get that from your state of mind or whatever else you're working with. Nice. Nice. So a lot of trainers, though, too, gentlemen, work at gyms, right? And gyms often will provide coverage for anyone who works for them that says if you are employed by us and you're working in a property on our property with our clients and met with our members, you are covered, but do they still need protection as well? Well, yes. I mean, the gyms are there, their coverage is there to protect you. And they do protect you for activities that take place on their premises with their clients. Great. But we just got through going through how mobile personal trainers are and, you know, virtual as well, virtual and virtual and we cover that as well. So it's entirely probable that a personal trainer, aside from the work they do at a gym, are going to do some other work. And, you know, when you have a policy, you can get for 110 bucks a year, it covers you for all those other things. What you don't want to have is some activity that creates a gap in coverage. And now, you know, well, you're covered for the gym, but you weren't at the gym, and no, you know, you weren't the gym, but that wasn't one of our clients, who is that a friend you brought in there? What, I've that happened. You know, you were at the gym, but you were doing an online session while you're at the gym. So you don't want to get in that, you don't want to think to fall in that crack. And frankly, I think most personal trainers really do do a little bit of training here and there in other environments, even working with friends. You know, you, you, you know, you may not think a friend is an issue, but if someone gets hurt, you don't know what's going to happen. So, like, people need to understand that. Like, your friend, it could be your best friend, your BFF, which could potentially still sue you, right? Well, that's right. And, and you think about, you know, the, whether it's your best friend or someone you know pretty darn well, what we experience and we've experienced as many times is that when the claim occurs, when an injury happens, and particularly if the injury is serious, there's a whole bunch of people you've never heard of before that are close to that person that come into the picture. They are to be a college buddy who's an attorney or, you know, they're next to their neighbor and good friend who's a doctor. And they've all got opinions about what you should do and how you should handle your situation. And, and, and again, the more serious it is, the more that person who's your friend ends up being the guy who comes to you and say, hey, you know, I'm really sorry. I know I'm your friend, but, you know, people that know this have told me I need to do this. And the next thing you know, you get served with lawsuit. And that happens. That's it. We see it all the time. So, I wouldn't rely on the fact that they're your friend or your client. And believe me, I realize that because in almost every profession we serve, our professionals have close relationships with their clients. So, they help us. It's no doubt it helps. It helps with the steadying and the being more reasonable. But it doesn't take away that exposure. Yeah. So, wait. One thing I would say, guys, is a, opinions are like body hair. Most people have far more than they care to admit. First story, right? That's awesome. Okay. So, yes. So, we don't want to make sure that we're protected from anybody. And also, think about it like this. I know we talked about it kind of offline before we popped on. Sometimes people won't get insurance because they think that that's a reason for people to sue them because they say, oh, you have insurance. Well, some people think that about their friend. Right? Oh, my friend got injured when we were working out together. Right? And they want to believe in them. But they're like, oh, I'll just see your insurance and get some money. Settlement, right? They see dollar signs. Right? But if you don't have that coverage, then they're essentially suing you either way, they're suing you. So, it's like, it gets weird. And it does happen on a regular basis. And people don't want to talk about it. But it happens more than you think, right? Yeah. I can understand if you're an OBGYN and you're paying a $120,000 a year for a malpractice insurance policy, why that purchase becomes a really big undertaking for you. You know, but when you, when you are risking the potential of having that gut punch that you experience when all the sudden you realize, oh, my God, what just happened? You know, what's going to happen next? And instead of having that feeling, you go, oh, this is why I haven't insurance to cover this, whatever happened, this little situation. You want that insurance there because you, you want to build a proceed through your day with the peace of mind and knowing that it's something as Jim points out. Something unexpected happens. I mean, even just think about how, I don't know if your friend has insurance probably does, but just imagine Jim's friend who had to walk in the head didn't have insurance that whack in the head would it, he probably would have had to run through his head would have, what if that happened to a client? I don't have insurance. You don't want that feeling, ever. And you don't need to have it with the insurance as affordable as affordable as it is. Yes, for sure. Yeah, agreed. So Jim is speaking of affordability in the move on to a couple more questions for you guys. People think that insurance is expensive and failure made a great point for a doctor, a surgeon, right? It might be several hundreds of thousands of dollars just because of the amount of coverage they have to carry. Even with certain policies that can cover up to like a million dollars or something to that effective property and personal injury and all these other things, like there's some pretty hefty coverage out there for a couple hundred dollars. And that's a session or two, right Jim? So in your experience, it's worth it, right? It's totally worth it. You know, where we're like Phil said it's a hundred and ten dollars for a year. If you're initial, if you're initially starting up with us, you're part of the ISSA team, we have extended a discount of $50 off of that. Thanks. For a million dollars coverage, $3 million at aggregate. If you needed to expand on that, we have the capability of doing that as well. Some states do require a little more insurance. So if you're in that kind of state, just call that out and we do offer, I believe it's two and two million per and then $6 million. Is that correct, Phil or four? Six million. Yeah, six million. Yeah. So you know, and I believe that's only one of the hundred and twenty dollars. Yeah, that's right. So it's only $10 more. There's really one to get boost your coverage. Yeah, that's available. Perfect. Yeah, so the value is there. Right. The value provisiveness is there. And generally speaking, most people think, oh, personal training, save or I'm not anticipating anybody getting hurt. Like we've been talking about for the last few minutes. So at the end of the day, you guys is insurance important. What if like, do we do we need it? Yeah, I think I'm going to Jim, what are you talking about? You know, the the profession, the actual substance is safety. I'm going to, I want to talk about a little something still a little something different than that and response to this insurance. It's important. But you understand, you know, you're in a German environment. It can be a chaotic when you're there. There's other people doing their trainings around you. You have to look for that safe. And you're in your, um, sub-contracted space and you're sharing with other trainers. So that's where you need your personal training insurance. Or they usually won't even let you start your business there. But you're in there, you're sharing space, you know. And that accident can hurt come from you or it could come from the other side of the room. You know, they're throwing balls. They're doing points. They're swinging kettlebells. They're hitting ropes. They're doing specific agility. I mean, all over the place. You got the runway. You got your, you got your periphery. Some guys doing sprint and he can't stop and runs right in here. I mean, you know, it all around you. That's a very good point, Jeff. Yeah. Yeah. And really this statistic show that it is not surprising. Fitness engaging in fitness. It's a risky activity. I mean, you know, you look at all sports activities nationally. Fitness training related injuries are the number one reason for admissions to ER related to fitness activity. So, you know, over 400,000 admissions last year, which was the number one cause of admissions in fitness in the fitness arena in the United States. I'm not trying to say it is a horribly risky environment. But the statistic show that there's a lot of injuries that take place. It's just that you people are engaged in an active. They're not sitting playing bridge. They're getting after a life. And, you know, you're taking a risk. And there are some injuries that happen. And so you should be, you should be aware that, you know, absolutely. Yeah. So, I agree. It's something like I said, I carry insurance. I've actually pulling my nuppo here. So we can chat about it afterwards. Well, yeah. The other program I wanted to mention, less, less about the actual substantive risks like Jim was talking about in the physical environment is you are operating in a world that has an entire constituency out there of lawyers who specialize in going after people if someone else is injured. And you've heard that, I'm sure you've all heard the term personal injury attorneys. And that there's a whole national plaintiff's bar of personal injury attorneys out there. And all you have to do is go online and you'll see it doesn't take you but two minutes to find an ad for some of those lawyers advertising why personal trainers are dangerous and you should talk to them if you've had an injury. And the way it works is they get paid only if they're able to win their case. They only able if they're able to recover money for you. And so they're financially motivated that this polished-bated fate, you know, they're they're not worried about doing the right thing for the personal trainer, you know, getting to the bottom of whether the client was responsible or or the trainer was responsible. They're interested in building a case that proves that the trainer was responsible for whatever the injury is and getting compensated for it. And there's a lot of energy out there. And frankly, I think that energy is the risky part of all of this because those people are out there all the time looking and trolling for people that they can they can extract money from and it's our job to defend and defend our people when that happens. Absolutely and because of that, like we call them sharks, right? There's people out there who are going after people for the express purpose of making money at the end of the day, they know what to look for. They know what to go for. So again, guys, this is why it's important to make sure that you're picking an insurance company that specializes in what you do to make sure that all your little nukes and crannies and back doors are covered. Yeah, so it becomes super super important. So is there anything else outside of getting the coverage? Is there anything else that personal trainers should be doing to protect themselves? Phil, I want to start on the insurance side and the gym is a previous gym owner. I want to know your advice on that too. What should we do? You talked about safety, why does your what? Because we are big proponents of safety. Well, I mean, really at the end of the day, you just got to cover your bases, you know. And the accident is an accident for the most part. You don't know when it's going to come. So for sure, the most important thing is to cover your bases. I mean, you just have to be sure of why you're doing to protect the folks that you're with to protect yourself. You know, it's not only for yourself, it's for them too. If something happens, because the accident is an accident, you don't want to pay for it out of your pocket. Yeah. Yeah, I think that, you know, at the end of the day, people think about their environment and their activities and just focus on safety. You know, here you have a client who wants to take their life from here to here and to go from here to here, they've got to push themselves. But they don't want to push themselves too hard. Because if you push them too hard, yes, something's going to break. And so as a personal trainer, you want to observe their progress and their response to treatment or to to fitness regimens and make sure that you're pushing them and they're moving forward. But by the same token, yours, you're engaging with them to make sure that you're staying in balance. And Jim talked about the physical environment of the space. You want to make sure that physical environment is a safe, is it can reasonably be? Because there's a lot of stuff in things. You know, this is why we're teaming up with ISSA. They have protocols of place. They have a teach the trainer, phases of training. And these phases are where you take your clients on that journey. You don't just start them off at extreme training because you're going to a lose the client. You're going to hurt the client. You're going to build a bad reputation for that kind of training. Yeah, trainers have a stigma. There is a stigma with a trainer, a good personal trainer. Oh my gosh, that guy must be really beaten you up. I mean, that's the fun. That's the fun. And that's not a proof. I mean, I really take that kind of personally because I said, you know what, really ultimately, I'm here to cultivate your longevity in wellness. This is a journey. And when you take it seriously, you're going to realize, and not only are you spending time with me, but you are obligated as we age to do something on a daily basis, just to move your body and prepare yourself for going to the office for going and, you know, wherever you're going, you don't want to just get up and just go. You want to move a little bit. So these are the things of what with my trainees, I teach them, and I said, let's just have some ownership to this thing we're calling fitness. What you do with me is one thing what we do on our own is another and it's so good to be accountable. That's how Phil got where you went. He, he dove in and made it a life on daily thing. And he just built himself up to a regular actually. And now he just looks forward to the time of the jump. Or wherever he's going to go do his thing. Yeah, I love that he said that Jim, I literally yesterday posted something on my Instagram. It was a funny like a picture of a jam and I had a book of Jason Beatman back there saying something. It was like every client to their trainer he says, you are literally the meanest person I've ever met. Yeah, and I posted it. I get told you how many previous clients wrote me and we're like, yes, I say that about you all the time. I'm like, what are you talking about? All right. So what we're talking in the week is what I want to think of as if I have time. I'll just mention, I thought if you as a personal trainer can think about disclosing to your client exposures, it will create a very good discipline for you because in the process of thinking about what can go wrong and then explain it to the client, you start to become more aware in your own activities of how to not have that happen. But also your clients be aware of their potential exposure and help them not have those things happen. So I think disclosures are really good discipline. If you feel awkward, hey, you might hurt yourself. If you feel awkward to say it, but if you start to create a discipline to a discipline, it will help you. I agree, Phil, and that's a great point as a trainer and Jim can probably agree with me. When you, it's not like you're going to be like, okay, we're doing catabulps. Hey, make sure that you don't hit shirt knee, right? We don't want to point out the things that could go wrong because she has a job and they're going to focus on that and it's very good. But if you say, hey, make sure that we're swinging the safely, make sure there's no one in your space. Make sure we don't hit anybody. Just give them general, like, hey, look out for these things. If it does happen, they're less likely to be like, this is your fault. Hmm. That's great. Right? Absolutely. So awareness is half the battle. But speaking of, actually, that's a great segue into my last question for you guys. So a lot of people that I talk to, whether it's on our Facebook page or in classes, when we're teaching, say, oh, I have a waiver. Right? We talk about the liability waiver. It is a legally binding document. So we give an example of it in our courses, but we don't provide the actual document. And when people ask why my response is, it's illegally binding document. So we'll read through it and then maybe go online and find a bunch of others. Go to your gym and ask for the liability waiver. Read through that. Find the pieces that make sense for your business, put it together for yourself. And then hopefully you're having a legal professional review it before you start handing it out. People's make sure everything is covered. All your eyes are dotted and your teeth are crossed. But the waiver is not the end. I'll be all the waiver, or it does not replace having insurance. Right? That's not going to get the job done, right, Phil? That's right. And not only that, the waiver is, isn't really, you should first of all, you should get it. Insurance, I mean, a legal professional. I'm not a legal professional, can give you some coaching on this. But I think you'll find that if you talk to legal professionals, they'll tell you that you have a duty to your clients to keep them safe. And there's a standard of care that you have with your clients to keep them safe. You cannot waive that responsibility. That's an absolute responsibility you have. You can have the client sign of documents says, I waive all right to hold your responsible for any injury or experience, but that waiver is not going to be enforceable. What's way more important than waivers is making sure your client is informed and they consent to the activity they're engaging in with full awareness of the risks of that activity. And that document, by the way, is called an informed consent. And it, it instead of focusing on trying to get you to say your responsible not them, it focuses on, hey, you need to know that what you're doing has these risks and you're willing to confirm you're willing to engage in this activity, knowing that these risks are present. And we'll do our most part, but you have to also know that there's some stuff that just happens. And it just happens. And I think that if you focus on that whole concept of disclosure, most, that'll be the most helpful. The waiver, here's your choice. spend $110 with an attorney to draft up a waiver and spend 20 minutes doing, because that's how much his time is going to cost you. We're spending 110 bucks on an insurance policy that will protect you. I spent 110 bucks on the insurance policy frankly. Last I checked under attorney goes about $450 an hour. That's it. It's one minute or 60 minutes. God forbid, it goes to 61 minutes. We're going to screw risk reward, right? No, I just caution you. The waivers are, you know, to have an attorney really look at those. If you want to rely on a waiver, really have them look at, I think, and I really would focus on informing them of exposure first and foremost over the issue of having trying to get them to wave their rights to pursue in the event of an injury. That's great. I'm great. Awesome. Well, thank you so much. This has been a really good conversation. I'm glad we cleared the air on a lot of this. And I'm glad you specified filled like the different types of insurance because that's something that I knew a little bit about, but I didn't realize there was maybe a couple more that I didn't consider. So, basically, we want to look a little deeper into the policies that I currently hold. But where can our viewers learn more about API? I will include some links in the description for this episode for anyone who's interested, including our partnership link where we can talk about that discount here in a second. But where can they find at API? Yeah, I fit in this.com number one. That's our website. And we're also have a link on the ISSA website. So they can find us there either way. You know, Google search, of course. But yeah, those are those are the two avenues right now that are going to get your quick response and you'll get the information you need. And we'll be going to start talking. And we're going to encourage us maybe five minutes approximately and you submit a payment. It probably takes longer for you to type name and credit card information to pay for the coverage that it does to complete the application. And then the insurance policy is transmitted to you electronically. So yeah, it's really super easy. Amazing. And then the discount you mentioned Jim was $50 off of the one year coverage. For the $50 off your initial coverage. So if you're switching insurance, if you're a newly certified trainer and you're part of the ISSA team, certainly those discounts are going to go towards you. Yeah, for sure. Excellent. Excellent. That's a great deal, guys. It's somebody who pays for their insurance. I do every two years. That's pretty standard, pretty good. I love it. Thank you guys so much again for sharing all this amazing information. I'm looking forward to chatting with you guys a little bit more because I'm going to have some business coming your way. But any last words you want to share with our viewers today on insurance, liability, protecting your own but but anything like that. Thanks for having us for no reason. Yeah, thank you. You're you're you're made really comfortable. You're you seem like a really fun person. Thanks. I'm like borderline crazy, but you know, I think all of us in fitness are linear, linear, right? That is awesome. Thank you guys so much. And guys, thank you for watching this. Go back, listen again. Thank you for coming for this information because again, it isn't important. It's not something you want to skip out on. Take the time, invest in yourself. And this is part of that. So thank you guys so much for watching. Check out the links and take advantage of that discount. We'll be talking to you soon.