Welcome back everyone for another episode of I-S-S-A-Tox. Super excited to have Dan Metcav back with me. Dan, you're becoming a regular guest and I kind of love it because you have so much to share. So welcome back. Thanks so much. It's great to be back here with you, Jenny and Nate. Yeah, I feel party of family now. So it's brother-sister love. That's I-Bell, right? Well, I've been feeling we're going to see you for a long time to come. So I'm excited to continue to do these with you. And here are more about the areas and expertise that you have. And I know today you're going to talk about mindset. And you're going to get a little bit more personal with it. So I'm super excited to hear some of the stories and anecdotes that you have, some experiences that you've been and look through and can share with us on how to address mindset. But before we dive in, can you tell anyone who maybe isn't familiar with you? Just a little bit about yourself. Sure. So I grew up as a professional athlete. I then went into forming. I was on stage, Angela, whoever shows around the world playing the lead there. I was a ballet dancer, jazz, tap, modern, all the other stuff. Always adventuring into new areas. I went through eight years of raw marine cadet training back with the military in England. Then I opened my own gyms. I was a head coach on the Olympic development program. And I've been able to help hundreds of not thousands. I actually have three tens of thousands of people. But hundreds and hundreds of people achieve their goals in dreams. So when people say, damn, what do you do for a living? I say, I'm a dream builder. So I'm not a dream maker. I can't make them come true. But I can help you build your dreams. So that kind of sums up the great things that I've been able to achieve as well as overcoming my own personal injuries that some will have heard of. You're part of my brain diet in 2018, and I'm going to talk and function again and come back to mother injuries as well. Absolutely. So super excited because I'm sure we're going to hear a whole lot more about a lot of these experiences that you've had. But today we really wanted to dive into mindset. So you and I have talked about balance and proprioception. We've talked about a couple of different things. We talked about hydration in our last episode. But tell us a little bit about mindset. Can we define it first? Sure. So the definition that I have of mindset working with professional athletes. Is what are you willing to invest in yourself to get the end result? So because mindset is something that can be very restrictive because that's the way we think. And before we understood neuroplasticity and the ability of the brain to change the way it functioned the way we message ourselves, mindset was a set mind. So now I turn down and say we have mindset, then we have mind reset. Then we have mindset as we gain knowledge. Then we have mind reset. So if you think of this constant circle of mindset, mind reset as we educate and become better with our instincts and knowledge, then we have to reset and then that becomes our character and structure. To then again continue to push the levels in life of our goals, dreams and potential. I love that. So it's more of a cycle, right? We're constantly changing. We're evolving. Some people will say mind growth as well. I have definitely heard that that mindset people get set in their ways and they're resistant to changing versus, you know, What you're talking about here, which is awesome. Okay. So tell me more. Okay. So this is something I love because I had to go through a lot of resets to become happier in life. And I love this thing. What is that goal in life? We have all these different ambitions. Through it all for me, I think the greatest achievement in life is happiness. And I'm not talking about momentary happiness where I remember when I got believed in angelic, whoever's, you know, hit musical and I was like, oh, great. I'm going to be happy to rest in my life and then other stresses come in because I wasn't set in my mind. Not is this is the way I think, but I want to continue to evolve. That's really my mindset is constant evolution of growth as you put it. So we have to look, the mind is information that's put into us from external sources. So when we're born as babies, we have the most pure concept of brain as long as it's a healthy brain, obviously. And even those without the health and and have a bigger struggles, still continue to evolve through their life in their thought process. As we're learning and growing up, what we hear, what we believe, what we're taught becomes our mindset. Because we're taught to believe and trust what we're having. However, through every aspect of what we're going through, there's new information. So for example, when I was at head coach on the Olympic program for soccer, I would teach the players at a young age to pass defeat. So they always pass defeat because we want to connect our passes. Then I say, okay, let's forget about passing defeat. Now let's pass to the channels that the player can run into. Hang on a minute, I just been taught to pass defeat. Now you're telling me do something else and I've got to change my thinking. When now we have two options, you can pass to defeat, so we grow. But our mindset of what was right originally now sometimes we have to throw it away. Remember the knowledge and rethink again. So let me ask you a question. We're all the things that you've gone through in life. And we're talking about your professional career, your training, your body building, everything. How many times of the things that you've learned when you were 14 still actually apply? That's a great question. It's not often. I absolutely understand what you're saying things that maybe I used to do this way. I was taught originally. Maybe it doesn't work as well or maybe there's another way to do it. This brings up something for me when I coach volleyball for my high school athletes. I running to a lot of this. There are 14, 15 years old, right? Some of them have been playing volleyball for three, four, five years. And the way that they were taught to do certain things. There was like, well, my last coach told me this. Well, I was, and I'm telling them do this. And they're like, well, my last coach told me to do it this way. How do you get somebody to make that shift where they say, oh, Oh, there's more than one way to do this. How do you, where does that come from? Well, I think, I'll address that and then come back to another question. I have for you within that. You have to look at the growth and the plan. The plan that people have, where do they want to go? So how is that serving you now? It got you from A to B, a maybe B to C, but is it going to get you C to D? Because now you have all this knowledge, this information. How is it really serving you? Do you think if you hold onto that? And that only that that's going to get you to where your dreams are, where your goals are. And most of the time people will have met were not really because if it was right, you'd be there now. Or you're, you know, this constant trajectory up. Yeah, I think that's what I mean. But let me ask you this, when you were 14, didn't you pretty much know everything? Oh, I knew everything. What are you excited about? And that's the whole point, right? That's where it comes down to. Yeah, when I'm in the gym and I'm working out and I'm training, I spoke to a lady yesterday who does a completely different type of workout than I've seen. I just said, what's your sport? What do you do? Because I was a basketball player. Well, that's great. Why do you do what you're doing? Because everything I did when I was a basketball player didn't help me today. So she does a lot of stretching a lot of duck walks, a lot of, you know, squatting type of movements without weights. And she was like, I wish I had a known then what I know now, because I would have been a better basketball player. So this again brings this whole evolution that of 14. We've thought we knew everything at 18. We did know everything at 21. We realized we didn't know everything, but we know everything now. And that comes down to opening of the brain. Does that make sense? Yes, absolutely. So let me take it. When we learn languages, our brain is a complete open sphere. And we have language areas, we have learning areas, we have memory areas, and we have, you know, vocal audio, all the different parts of the brain. Once you learn a language, the brain goes, okay, I can communicate. I don't need to know how to communicate more. So it doesn't just stop the synapsis, which is the messaging going back and forth within the brain. It actually puts the door up and says, I don't need to learn anymore. I can shut this down so I can focus my attention, my energy, on other areas I'm still learning. So if that happens, that's why it's harder to learn a language or be multi-lingual as we age. And yet you get people that had learned three or four languages as a kid, it stays open because the brain goes, oh, there's more I can learn here, which becomes great. Think about that in our everyday life. If we think we know a nice definitive, we don't need to learn anymore. The brain can now shut down or stop me information coming in that it doesn't want to learn because I don't need to work that part of the brain. To be able to keep it open, you've got to keep an open mind and continue to learn. And I think that's the difference. One of the things I started getting personal in here, I can't stand the, when people say, that's just the way I am, take it or leave it. Right? Because that's so dismissive of other people, which also means I'm not willing to learn. This is who I am, take it or leave it. And it's really a defense mechanism to not have to grow and make everybody else fit you. Well, if that happens, what you've effectively said, is I'm not willing to learn anymore. I'm not willing to take you anymore information. And I think that's why when I talk about every level has its own devil. Right? But we talked about that before. Now, in the case that every level has its own devil. When you reach a certain point in life, if you're not willing to continue to learn the lessons, that's where you're going to stick. So I look at it and say video games. If I kind of video game, level one is really hard. You can't get through an eventually you beat level one. You beat the final part of your level two. Oh, I got through it. That's great. Then we get to level three and then level four. You got to level one that used to be tough. Now, this is easy. But if you don't keep learning the lessons of the next level, that is where you're going to sit. Now life is again. Right? We've heard the game of life. Yeah. In the games you play Jenny in the competition that you're about to go into, show us your by-subs. Oh, no. Oh, God. Yeah. Yes. I'm glad I'm part of your family. So in that, how much of it though is mental? How much of the performance is mental? Oh, my gosh. I'd say I'd argue that at least 90% of it is mental. And how much do most people focus on the physical? 90% of it. People focus on the physical part. Yeah. Maybe 100% is focused on the physical. We never think about the mental. We'll live performances. You know it's a professional athlete. And as a coach coach in many professional players, I know performances at least 90% mental. I think the deciding factor is never the physical. If everybody's at the height of their physicality, you can still, so maybe a little bit better. But you can still close and down if you're mentally sharp. But if games are 90% mental, so is life. Because it's the game of life. How we wake up, how we go to bed, how we handle situations is all our mindset. I think you taught me that in our first time we met when you asked me, when we were talking about age, right? And then now you asked me how old am I and I say, I'm amazing. I think that's not like you tell yourself, and again, I'm telling you that changed like so much about the way that I go about my daily life. Like, I don't even think about my age. It's not about my age. Or I said that to somebody else the other day, I was like, oh, you look great. And he said for my age, it was an older gentleman at the gym. He looked amazing. I was like, oh, you look amazing. I saw you working out. You're doing great. He was like, yeah, for my age. I was like, no, no, in general. Like, yeah. Period. Absolutely. And I love that you grasp that concept. I was talking with my mother. She's a doctor. She's a, I can't say her age. She's amazing. But she gets concerned her age because she should have retired by now. But she stays in there because she loves helping people. I said, my remove the opinions you have of your age. You should be boasting about your age and what you're doing because you're bringing experience knowledge tens of thousands upon thousands of hours of helping people. Because someone in their 30s just couldn't have. Yeah. And so I think we need to embrace who we are, and not what people perceive us to be. So let me, let me move this one a little bit because there's a gentleman by the name of Mark Burnett. I don't like revealing these stories because they're kind of personal to me. But Mark incredible guy. I got huge respect for him. He was kind of like a, in some ways, a father figure to me. But he created, survived at the apprentice celebrity apprentice, the voice, smart and the fifth grade of he used to own a sharp tank and just a brilliant TV entrepreneur. And we were very close friends, new him really well. And I was shooting a project with him. We shot a documentary. And he was just in the vise introduced to help him. He was my first time of doing it. And I came upon a problem and he basically turned around and I won't use the words. He said, because he was very direct. We were down at the mouth of a chili cook-off. And I told him what was going on. He says, tell me the truth. I said, this was going to go to either your an affinity or the other guys an affinity at one. And I'll hang on. This is a friend called him in an idiot. And my first defense was to put up a war and go, well, what do you call me that for? And until I realized, well, let me actually evaluate why is he thinking that? If he's looking at it from the outside and going one of you is, I had to instead of become defensive. So, maybe I am being a bit of an idiot right here, even though I don't like to send that message to my brain now. But at the time, I was smart enough to step back. And then I was at his Christmas party down in Malibu. And someone told me that Mark had said, Dan's the unhappiest person at the party. And it really hit me hard. This way it's a little personal for me. Because I'm like, I think I'm positive guy. And so, and then I started looking and realizing, I was the unhappiest person, not because I was fake in it, because I wasn't living happiness. Now, when I used to race bikes and I mean, put this into perspective and used to race bikes, we're always taught, look where you want to go, not what's in front of you. So, if I'm coming down to Hill and there's a big rock face in front of me and the road curves to the left, I don't want to look at the rock face to avoid it. I'm going to trust, I'm going to miss it by turning, looking where I want to go and I'll begin to go that way. So, you've got to be able to look at where you want to go, not what's actually going on. So, when I sat back and went, you know what, it's true I wake up in the morning. I don't focus on happiness. I want to be happy. That became my mindset. So, because I wanted to focus on that and we go back to the brain and the neurological pathways and the way I synapses and the neurons are jumping between them, what we focus on, what we look at is where we go. So, as a mindset, if you don't believe something, then the reality is you're probably on the know it's you. You know, I may have said this in the last one though, I don't hope for myself, I hope I get this. I hope I become a pro. I hope I get to talk with Jenny again. It's like, for others, I can hope, hey Jenny, I hope you win your bodybuilding competition. Right? You have to sit there and say, don't hope I'm going to win it. I believe I will win it. Yeah. So, belief is for ourselves. Hope is for others. This is the mindset where if we rewire our brain, we know factually with the neuroclasticity as possible. Whatever we feed in is how we'll begin to process the information that becomes your mindset. Feed in new information that becomes your mind reset. If it's if it doesn't fit, throw it out. You don't want to be taken in everything because somethings we know on better for us, but we also don't know. The purpose of people giving us the information, so we have to filter it and get rid of the contamination so we can thrive. That makes perfect sense. I've heard somebody say what you focus on you find. And that's what you're saying. And I love that and it makes so much sense. What we do focus on, like so for example, if you're focused on making a mistake to your point or not falling, what do you usually do? Make a mistake or you fall or you trip or you stumble in some way, right? Because you're focused on that. So yes, that's what you're going to do. The coach, right? How many times when you're coaching basketball just does your play, throw the ball to the other team? It's the most frustrating thing, right? Yeah. Yeah, because it's an easy giveaway, right? There's the interception, interception is the best form of defense. Because now if I can intercept not only if we stop them, we've actually got possession and we're attacking. So I used to say the player stopped giving the ball away, stop giving the ball away. I'd get mad. Don't give the ball away. What was I doing? I was having them focus on giving the ball away. When I turned down as to connect your pass, find your teammate exactly the same message of intention. But the way I said it suddenly, my team started to increase their success rate, because my attention of the village went into what I wanted, not on avoiding what I don't want. Yeah, simple, we are what we hear. Absolutely. Yeah. So as somebody who has coached high level athletes and we're talking about, because I feel like some of our listeners are maybe coaches or working with people to help them with their mindset. Or maybe some people are working on their own mindset. How is that different when we're working and coaching others? Like you were just talking about the way that we speak, the verbage that we use and what we focus on versus the way that we speak and the verbage that we use with ourselves. How is that different if it is? I think it is because why know it is. We're in control of ourselves. We're not in control of somebody else. I had a company called DMS 11 discipline motivation success as a cold job, bring the discipline as the athlete you'd bring the motivation. Because then I can inspire your motivation. If you're not motivated, I'm not even bringing, I'm just trying to get you going and together we'd have the success. So when you're training someone else, you need to get to know them intimately. One inspires them. You'll know with the girls that you train. Everyone receives information different. Some needed a kick-up of the butts, some needed pat on the back, some needed compliments, some needed to be challenged. So we have to get to know the other person intimately. But also we don't know their mood swings. So all of us will know as trainers coaches, someone shows up a great one day and down the next day. So the way we work with them is different to try and inspire them to want to be more motivated for their results. But with ourselves, we really know the truth. We sometimes just don't want to admit it to ourselves because it's easier to avoid the reality that we know is going to make the difference. And yet we want to avoid it because we're not ready to do the work. And mental change, mindset is work because we've now developed these habits that are natural way of thinking, natural way of doing our natural way of behaving. We do that instinctually. And so to have a different, the devilish of lunacy is doing the same thing again and again expecting a different outcome. So if we're not willing to put in the effort, now are we going to change our actual direction in life, which brings me to answer your question, pattern time. It all comes down to character. If I said to you, you got a bodybuilding competition coming in two weeks time. Yes. Here's a liner cocaine. Take it. What are you going to say? No, thank you. Right. It's not even a question, right? Yes. If you thought because your character is set and exactly what you want to do now, if you said, okay, well, I know you wouldn't. I certainly wouldn't. But I said, okay, I'll just do it just this one time. Not have I changed my choice. I'd change my character. Because before I was set, and this is who I am, and then you wave it. So when things start to change in life, it's because we haven't set who we truly are and been willing to commit to it and go through the struggles before the journey. And I think that's where a lot of our mindset comes in is that we're not willing to say, this is who I am. This is what I want. And this is what I'm going to stick to until it becomes a habit. And if it doesn't work out, I'm going to reset. And it's okay, this is this is what I've learned, but I've still got the same discipline. I still got the same character. I'm just re-angling my direction. And so, you know, going back to your point, training others is finding out who they are. And then re-wire in their brain with great information about their success and how great they are potentially. Right. We know that practice doesn't make perfect. Practice makes permanent. Yes. Right. That's what we do. So we have to look at and see what are we practicing. It's not going where I want to change the practice. Otherwise, it's going to become permanent. And with ourselves, decide what you really want. If you want to be the best, are you willing to fight to your greatest potential with discipline and commitment? And if you're not, you can't fake it against the best. Yeah. And three. That's so insightful. And you always have a way to end up saying things in a way that makes like perfect sense. We're in a way that you're not doing that kind of events. We're in a way that we're all kind of doing it, but maybe it wasn't said in that way. So I love what you were saying about belief for ourselves. Hope is for other people. And then, the fact that when somebody doesn't know if they need to shift their mind set, ask them like, how is it serving you? Are you getting what you want out of it? Because if you're not, then it's not serving you to the utmost. It's like, is this serving you? If it's not, then maybe you should look at potentially changing it, trying something new? Yeah, I think it's, again, we get into these habits that become comfortable for us, even if they're destructive. It's like someone that's in a bad relationship, abusive relationship, they'll leave the relationship. Be with some of the treats than better. Unable to hand will be in treatable, because they've set themselves up neurologically to expect to be abused when they're not. There's a fear comes in. Then they run back to an abusive relationship. Well, let's talk about that for ourselves. We're doing things that are self-harming or bringing us the highest level of our potential success. I look at the trainers down at goals where I work out. And I see the struggles there, having with their clients, they're trying to fit the client. I make the client happy, rather than tapping. And there's great trainers there as well. I'm just then, I'm only observing. But it's like, set the standard. And one, you'll attract the right client. But secondly, you can actually have a greater impact on the client, because they actually want that kids want to have rules so they can run right and then tap in. It's the same. Clients want to have boundaries that you hold them to, because if they knew how to do it themselves, most of them wouldn't come to you. So they need you to lead and guide again, comes down at mindset. I was talking about, there was a team that I sponsored down in LA. I'm not sure if I talked about this before. I don't have it. So I showed up in their high school team down in Compton, Inglewood area, very rough area. And I'm driving down in my truck. I was sponsoring this team. And I was taking them down new soccer balls and uniforms. And I get outside the school, and it's all locked up. But I'm sitting there with my engine running, looking around, because this is not a safe area for me to be in. And so I'm calling the open the gate. I drive in, they lock the gates up. I go in here, there's these African American and Hispanic players that are out on the soccer field training. And all of them had goals to want to get to college. And I pull up, and here I am, coming from a nice suburban wealthieria. And I'm like, what am I going to say that these guys who's running around is mudfield with grass that's like six foot high in some areas and no grass in most of it? And I pull out all this stuff. I sponsored by Under Armored the time in Under Armored, helped donate uniforms as well. And I said, come on in, sit down. And they'll sat down. I said, you know what? You're so lucky. And they're like, what are you talking about? You know, I could see them going, this is, you know, what's he talking about? I had to change their mindset of where they are. They want to play at college. I got to give them something that makes them feel empowered. Not makes them go, oh, you know, poor me, I'm in this struggle and every world's against me. I think where I live, the kids in 16 get some of Sadies. They go to the beautiful school, they get their lunches, they get money to go out and eat your restaurants all the time. I said, but every day you wake up and you got a hill to climb. As soon as you wake up, your climb in this mountain in front of you, which says you shouldn't get here, the challenge is every time you wake up. Look at the character you're building. Look at the opportunity, because one day when you get to college and you end up meeting those kids that drifted along the plane with no parents or having to be built on everything given to them, they'll never compete with you. They'll never catch you. So embracing and belish every opportunity you've got because what you're building is far greater than the money or the opportunity that you think they have because while they're not growing, you'll become in these beasts. And it was amazing. And fortunately, pretty much every single one of those kids that are going to college. That's awesome. But again, that's where we've got to look at the mind. I could have gone in and said, I feel so bad for you guys. Look at your conditions, keep working hard. Listen, how do we change the mindset to look at the possibility potential and opportunity that you have, rather than look at what you don't have? Wow, that's awesome. That's very cool. How long ago was that, by the way? That would have been seven, eight years ago. OK. A nice. And it's great to see these kids now, becoming successful out of college and leading their families into a new avenue of, I'd say pride. Like when I look at it, it's not the money they've got. It's not the, I graduate from this college. It's look who I am. Look at what I was actually. And I did it with a family that hadn't had the experience to guide me, but they had the love and they had the encouragement to support me. And we know every fighter that gets in the ring has a corner. And often, it was a win because of the corner. And the information to support they've got not the fact that they can't get in the ring and fight for them, you need that corner. Let me tell you one other story, if I can. So I know we're going to have to do it. So I was coaching a little girl group of 10 year old boys. And we just got eliminated out of state cup. If I told this one before, I apologize. I'm like, okay, great. So we're playing, we're 10 year old kids. We're playing against a team that has these really big kid at the back and really big kid at the front. And whether they were actually the right age, I'm going to question that. I won't say that, I sound like a sour coach. We outplayed them. We were brilliant that day. And after the game, we lost five, two. And all the boys are crying, the parents, and we were in a field with like 30 fields and all the parents, and I say, all right, everyone come in, sit down. And all the kids are sitting down. They're all crying. The parents will feel like, I said, okay, put this on your head, L, put the L on your head. And they're all sitting, and I said, all these other teams walk in by. And I said, what are the disgusting coach? Put in a quarter of your kids lose, since I said, what does this mean they go loser? I said, only you didn't learn. I said, what is this did you learn today? Or did you lose today? I said, because you were burning an out there. You were the better team. We just didn't have the size and speed to beat them, but in years to come, you will go on to be better than that team ever will, because you continue. I said, what does this mean they go, learn, learn, learn. That team wrapped running the weights the top divisions in Southern California and be a nationally ranked. But again, another example of people thought this meant loser. And I'm like, um, only if you refuse to learn, can you be a loser? And so again, it's this mindset of what we can bring as coaches or we can bring as trainers, but we have to start with ourselves, Jenny. Because we're not living it. It won't be organic and it's not organic. It doesn't come across as true. It doesn't come across as true. People will call us out on it and then you'll lose your own respect from them because you think you're just saying it. Going back to the old thing with Mark, I would wake up every day, I think I may have said this, but I work on every day, I want to be happy. I want to be happy. I want to, and now people will say, what about Dan? He's the most positive guy out there. Yeah, he's happy. He's there and that really came because I really why at the brain. And I urge people, go study, go watch, the neuroplasticity of the way the brain was because it would help you be a better coach to understand how other people think and if you change the way they think, the body will follow. Yes, I agree with that wholeheartedly. Learn more about the brain, the way that people learn. Especially if there's certain age groups that you're working with, like children, their brains are still developing. And when you really understand what stages of development kids are in and age groups, the age ranges, stuff like that, it changes the way that you approach and speak to them. It's a huge game changer for a lot of people. So we'll get to change that as well. Yeah, they say by seven, the brain is pretty much set in the way it's going to be, by seven, because all the learning abilities that kids have tend to happen from the moment they're born, they visualize, well, so they visually see what we're doing, and they want to copy us, and they hear the information, which is why by seven they get harder after seven to start changing habits, to start helping kids grow. And this is the beautiful thing. We know through exercise, the hippocampus, right? Two sides of the brain, the hippocampus is to do with our memory, it's our creativity, actually where we grow new brain cells. It used to think after 30, it would decline 1% every year in size and ability until we pass on. It's now been proven with exercise, and it's one of the only ways, there's exercise and there's a couple of other ways you can do it as well, but it's not what you think it's not going out and reading and study. Exercise reverses the decline and you can actually increase the size of your hippocampus, which then feeds every other party of brain and your body up until your last breath. Well, we think that we can't continue to increase our brain capacity and knowledge and direction. After 30, we think we're stuck, we're completely wrong because now it's proven, exercise, cardio, BDNF, nor a paneprin, all these different natural chemicals, and you're the endorphins and the dopamine, and the serotonous things, they get released in their critical fraught body through exercise. And then you add the mindset to all that, lead with the mindset. There's a saying that I say, I say, brain the train. You ever heard of that? Yeah, you mentioned that before. You've brain the train. People go, do you mean train the brain? No, brain the train. Think about your best training session that the one is you planned most of the time. Every now and again, we have those improv ones or we just get out. Great, but, the more we think about the brain, the more we think about the brain. Absolutely, I love that. So anybody who is interested in learning more from you, Dan, where can they find you like a mind social media? Gotta get your water. And I mean, hydration. So you can go to Dan Metcalf, underscore official, that is on Instagram. And then you can go to 60up.com, which is my website, which is for balance training. And then I've also got LinkedIn, which is Dan Metcalf, on there. So those are the ways they can get hold of me or you can Google me and find out on my email, but I'm here to help everybody. It's, I really want to, it's not about me changing the world because that sounds kind of arrogant, like I say at the beginning, I'm a dream builder. If I can help, so I'm trading a fantastic lady right now who's a, due to its supervisor, trying to win her next fight. And she's had this hold back that has prevented her from winning. She second gets to the cell. We've had amazing sessions. She got a fight coming up. I'm confident she's not the best by she'd ever had. And all we've done is nothing to do with training, but the skill, everything is, how do we put it all together? How do we change the focus? How do we even move the fear? And like I said, unfortunately, we're training hundreds and thousands of athletes and then top pro athletes, you really understand what it takes to get to that level. That's awesome. Very cool. Keep it posted. When is her fight? It knocked over fourth, I believe. Oh, so coming up in like, that's less than a week from now. Yep. Amazing. Or keep it posted. I will do a really exciting, for the exact scene that's huge right there. And only we've been working together less than a month. Okay. And the change, different person. Happens quick. And you know that, when's your body building competition? Yeah, nine days. Nine days. It's gonna happen quick. How are you doing? Yes, I'm great. I'm good, a little tired, but it's all, as you mentioned earlier, like the training stays high, but you're food and your energy get low, but I'm one day at a time and I love it. So, and it's a tier point, like this is something that's part of my character. Like once I set my mind to it, like I'm working towards it and I'm gonna push. And I just love the things that our body can do when we challenge it. So I'm super excited to compete again. Oh, that's awesome. I'm really proud to make sure you keep us posted as well. You're so impressed. And again, in the worst of times, you're still doing great. Never forget that, because we can only handle the best we know. And when there's a struggle coming on, we can't always be at our highest level of energy, but we can always be at our highest level of excellence within that situation. I know that's you. I love it. Thank you for that, dear. And that's awesome. Thank you. And thank you so much for joining us again. This has been really fun. Thanks so much. Absolutely. And I'm sure we'll have you back again soon. So I'll be talking to you soon. Thank you. All right. And thank you guys for watching. Check the out. He had a lot of great information to share guys. Be sure to go back and watch our other talks to you on hydration and also balance training. Lot of great information there. So thanks for being with us, guys. And we'll be talking to you soon.