Welcome back everyone for another ISSA talk. I am Jenny Leibel, Senior Content Developer here with ISSA. Super excited. I feel like I've been on hate for my ISSA talks for a while, but we have a really great partnership that I really want to highlight for you guys today. Talking about the world of health insurance and we're not talking about like training insurance and liability insurance. We're talking about the other side of insurance. So who better than to bring on Mr. Josh Pilger from all state who is one of our great partners now. Hello Josh welcome. Hey Jenny. Thanks for having me. Yes, super excited for you to be here with us. I kind of clear some stuff up explain what we've got going on here and talk to us. I just wanted to talk about why that's actually matters for them. So I have a little bit of information about Josh in our description for the episode guys so you can see exactly who he is. But Josh can you tell our viewers a little bit about yourself and how you got involved in the world of health insurance? I will absolutely. I probably was like many of you much younger and working for a company that was offering insurance and then stopped offering insurance. And so I found myself looking for my own health insurance to cover my family. I was newly married. I had a one year old son and so I needed insurance. I always told me I did so I did. And so was looking for health insurance myself and found that it was pretty, you know, like convoluted and confusing and was able to find great company and they actually said, Hey, if you want to sell insurance and help explain to other people, you get a 25% discount on your premiums. And I thought, hey, and so 24 years later here I am. One of the VPs of National Account Sales with all state health solutions. I'm super excited to be here and you know the career path that I've had I've certainly learned a lot about insurance and how the world works, but I did it from, you know, really the same place that a lot of people that might be watching this are as someone needing my own health insurance. Yeah, absolutely. And I think you're absolutely right that health insurance is kind of convoluted even if you work for a company that offer that right they said you a link or a packet of information about all the different options and you look at it. And you're like, this is written in some kind of scribe. I can't quite make up what it says, right and it's a little bit confusing and you just kind of close your eyes and pick one or pick one based on right. So let's start by can you break down for us the types of health insurance that someone may need for themselves or their and or their family. Yeah, absolutely. You would want to start off with what we would call a core product. I actually have the website that we feel in partnership with the ISSA and if I click on health insurance, these are some of the core products. So right now in America, we have these affordable care act plans and they're written by this is a Florida zip code. Florida blue, a mayor health, etna, Molina, there's Oscar. So each state may have different carriers that are offering major medical under the Affordable Care Act. These are great plans that a lot of the folks watching may qualify for a subsidy to help them purchase. So you can see here this premium was reduced from $484 to $391 based on an income that that we put in there. So you can go on to the website. You can put your income in and it's going to tell you exactly what your premium would be for any of these. And it helps reduce that cost to make it more affordable. Other than ACA plans as a core medical, a very popular option in a lot of states is short term medical. These are 12 month contracts and so there's a renewal period every year. These are medically underwritten. So again, a lot of you fitness enthusiasts and coaches and nutritionists and you're probably in great shape and would qualify for a plan that has a much lower cost. It just renews every year. And so let's say you went with this option and you found this plan with just a $5,000 deductible. A million, a $250,000 max benefit or if you want to a million max benefits, a little more expensive. So you can find the right plan for you. And then keep that for for 12 months. If anything happens, obviously your coverage is there, but if it's an illness that they would not cover going forward, then you could switch to one of the. ACA plans because those are guaranteed issue and you'd be able to move over to one of those. So it's a cost savings that you may be able to have for several years or forever, you know, depending on kind of how that health is. So that's definitely a strategy in a lot of states. There's some states like California that don't allow short term medical. So you'd want to check the side out, put in your zip code and see what's available. The last thing I'll mention that we have available here is these ancillary coverages. And so if you look just the very first option. It's a $7,600 deductible and an out-of-pocket max of 9,000, $4,500. That's really expensive. And so if you have a $7,600 deductible and you know you're working out, you pull a muscle or, you know, you're you're engaged in sports and you break an ankle or you break an arm. You don't want to have to pay all of the bills up to $7,600. And so an accident plan would have just a $250 deductible. And then this one here, for example, could cover you up to $7,500. So that covers that major medical deductible for only $6 a month in this example. So what we want to do and what's different than just going to healthcare.gov or some of the sites where you can access these ACA plans is we really want to take a look at what are your needs. What would be the most efficient and economical way for you to cover the risks that you're most concerned about? We have critical illness, dental vision, you know, there's these other programs here to really round out that health program. And the last thing I'll mention, I talked about core medical. I really was focused on the under 65 market, but we also have a Medicare market. And so putting in a zip code. I'll just throw an Alabama zip code in there. It's going to also again give me rates on Medicare advantage. It's it's going to let me see what plans are available. So if you're over 65 in eligible, we've got some comparison tools here. I'm going to skip that just so you can see. But a lot of these plans have zero premium as well. Okay. And so I've got a lot of different carriers I can choose for how I can find the plan. But the beauty of this is just circle and back, Jenny, what we talked about is even now just looking at this site. There's some stuff. What does in network mean what does all of the. Shopping that you're doing on this website? You're not going to do it alone. Once you put in your contact information, we have licensed agents in all 50 states. And they're going to be able to walk through this with you and help you understand if it any time I've said, you know, I'm looking at this. I just want to talk to an expert. We do have the call center a hundred number that you need to I SSA right here as well. And so I can talk to a licensed expert that understands. My needs, how the carriers work in my area and what benefits package is going to be best for me, my family, whoever I'm looking to cover. I love this. So I think that was actually what I was going to ask is what happens if I have questions, but I do love Josh that you can put in your zip code and where you are and mind you. This is US only right now. But you can put in your zip code in the exactly where you are and you guys kind of sort through all the things that we need to know anyway and give us the things that are appropriate based on where we live. That's it. That is that symbol and that you offer quite a few different types of coverage and you can kind of just bundle them together. And for somebody who like myself who's worked for an organization I work for I SSA right we have health insurance and it's partially covered by our employer when you're working for yourself. That cost is on you essentially right, but it is generally speaking going to be attached right off you can talk to your tax professional things like that. But the costs Josh are actually really good these are very similar. I've actually looked at my item. I just effort when you're picking every year through an employer the cost is right along that line per month. But it's just that my employer picks up a part of it and I actually part of it. What are your thoughts on that? How do you guys do that? Yeah, so it's based on the coverage right. So when you're on an employer plan they're kind of looking at everybody and seeing. And what the cost would be if you're in a group that's under 50 they group all the small businesses together a carrier does and says what's what's our risk profile here. What do we need to charge to make sure we don't lose money. The insurance companies they don't like to lose money right and so. The beauty of buying your own coverage is that you choose the plan and the carrier so when you're on an employer plan typically it's here it is take it or leave it. So you can get to choose you if you want to floor to blue or at nine I can change every year. You are subject to the cost of it. You don't have an employer helping you pay but that's what the affordable carac tried to address in these subsidies. And so based on your income if you make. You know less than $60,000 a year in taxable income adjusted gross. I know how works for self employed right. And then you are probably eligible for some cost savings. If you have a family your your threshold goes up so a family of four making a hundred and twenty thousand dollars a year would still qualify for a subsidy to help pay their premium. This isn't government insurance it's not. That's what the government is doing. I think it's a big deal. The government is going to help you make a medical that you're rolling in it's the affordable carac to set dollars aside and set. We're going to help fund premium for those that find it on affordable and they set that threshold based on your income. Where you live how much the plans are. And then you can sign up for it any time or change your plan at any kind right it's not like. The government issued stuff at least in the US where there's an enrollment period between you December this in January this and if you missed it you're kind of out of luck until the next enrollment period. Yeah so it's a great question. We'll be available all year long these ACA plans do they are subject to the ACA enrollment period if you're making a change. This is what is really important about the relationship with I say you have folks every month that are coming into their own business maybe they're leaving a parents or another employers insurance. So we call qualifying life events or QL leads and so you can come in here if you have a QL lead you do have a your own open enrollment for 30 days whenever that is triggered so let's say I've got you know the open enrollment period is usually mid November through December. So let's say I graduate in May and I'm going to you know start a business and I want to get help insurance I'm going to leave my parents plan and buy my own health insurance or I'm going to leave my parents plan and buy my own health insurance or I'm going to leave an employer plan and go out on my own those are all qualifying life events that allow you to come in here and buy your own insurance. That open enrollment period and qualifying life events only applies to this tab with the ACA plans. Okay the short term medical. The dental division the accent to critical illness anytime throughout the year any day you can come in here and purchase. Love it. Okay that makes perfect sense and I was going to ask you what these QL leads are so that's perfect. Can you give us an example of other QL leads just to these guys have an idea. Sure having a baby getting a divorce getting married. Our agents would be able to walk through if you had a question about what do I qualify. They'd be able to walk you through that. There are some some tiny state variations here and there so but those are in broad strokes you know anything that's going to change. Your access to coverage or who you're covering is typically going to be a qualifying event. Excellent. Well just curious just because I actually I don't know the answer to this one so this is for like if it was for me and I was trying to sign up for health insurance for me and my family my husband for example. But if I had employees. Is this a portal that is this a partnership that I can take advantage of or would I just need to reach out essentially go a different route. Yeah you sure could. We don't have the small group quoting in here you would want to call the 800 number and we would be able to help with that. And the other things a lot of employers are doing is setting up a health reimbursement arrangement where just like your buying your health insurance right now and the employers helping subsidize and employer can subsidize these individual plans on a pre tax basis. Through a cafeteria plan a health reimbursement arrangement and we can help set those up for you as well. Awesome. Perfect. Lots of very good options. Yeah. What your situation is or how far you're in your business there's still an option for you as well. Awesome. Our goal Jenny was to create a platform that is you know all 50 states so having the largest geographic footprint we could. But also a very large budgetary footprint if you will so you know from those who can't afford a whole lot to those that don't really care what it costs they went the richest plan available. We try and help find you the right package that's going to be in that range for for what you're looking for. I love it. Now how can students get to this website, Josh? Well throw it in the description of the episode for them too. Yeah. It is I SSA dot all state health dot com. And so if they go to that site. That'll start you on this page and then you can select health then o vision if you just want to jump straight to those or or if you're over 65 going that route the 800 numbers there there's a little bit of kind of. Instructions on stuff and how it works some descriptions like we just talked about of what are these types of insurance that may be available. All of that's available right here on the website. Perfect. Thank you and again check the description of this episode guys. We will throw it in there but it should be on the screen right now if you want to jot that down or head on over there as well to take a look Josh I got one last question for you now. What are some of us you've been in this for a while now what are some of the stakes with that people make with either selecting health insurance or utilizing their coverage. Yeah, the biggest mistake is waiting to have an event right by helping sure it's you can't sign up in the emergency room unfortunately. So make sure you come I I assure you there's a lot of affordable very good options that are here but I would say the biggest mistake is is trying to navigate this on your own journey like we talked about you really want someone who. Is an expert that understands your area the plans that are available you know these different carriers that we have. They have different networks and so if you've got a specific hospital that you want to go to all that's available on the website by the way so if I if I want to go to the plan details I can I can dive a lot deeper into. The plan and I can look at their brochure and with a lot of them in the brochure or in the just the detail information we have a link to their network so you want to make sure your doctors are covered you want to make sure. You know the hospital systems that you would want to have access to or covered under that network and those are things that our agents can help walk you through but I think that would be the biggest. Mistake you could make you any is paying all of these hundreds of dollars in premium and then the time you finally need it you don't have the coverage you thought you had or you can't go to the doctor hospital you thought you put and so don't be don't be confused by don't let the the you know. The the jargon and the different stuff there of scare you away from taking a look under the hood making sure you're covered you might get on the phone with one of our agents and say this is what currently have. And they say you know what that's what you need you're in a great place don't do anything. They may say you know what I think based on your situation we you might want to go with this combination and putting together. You know a little bit higher deductible to reduce your medical premium putting in accident critical illness dental vision you're actually going to get a lot more benefit and bang for your buck. And so I don't like sending premium to insurance companies I would rather keep as much of that money on my own and then just let the insurance companies cover the stuff I can't cover. And so we we walk you through that you know if you have preexisting conditions and need to take expensive medications. And so we can talk to us because there's a you know your premiums might be a little bit higher but some of those drugs if you're not covered under the right. Plank and cost you know a thousand dollars a month and so we can help make sure you're on the right plan for you. I love that super smart like do the legwork and understand it up front so that when you need it you're not like trying to read the packet or understand or to your point finding out that what you need is not covered. Most people spend much more time researching a car than they would their insurance and you know a lot of times the insurance premiums much higher than their car. But we we want to kind of demystify that we want to take the confusion we're so thankful for the partnership with I. Is saying, caring enough about their members and their graduates to partner with all states so that we can help bring so education out there it's really good for all of us you know if people are using the system correctly if they're not you know bombarding the emergency room for things that aren't emergencies like it helps bring all of our premiums down when we're all using the systems correctly. I'm really grateful for the great here here and again I love that you guys have vision and then till I actually just got my eyes checked left there you go you're looking good. Thank you. But yeah, so a great opportunity and we're super glad to have you guys on board definitely check this out you guys really great resource by the way who are put together this website. It is on point really functional really easy to use and navigate so definitely check it out you guys. We watch this share it with a friend especially if you have a friend that doesn't have insurance a send this their way. But we're super glad you guys are here let us know what questions you guys have and we happy to pass them along to Mr. Josh for you guys as well or just call in they can help you as well. Thanks for being here guys and we'll be talking to you soon.