Welcome back everyone for another ISSA talk. I'm so excited to have another guest back with us. Guys, so I'm going to tell you a little bit about Robert. Robert is somebody who is kind of living his dream like has his own business, but he guys, he's really, really smart. I think that's one of my favorite things about him. He's super in every 30 years. He does a lot of different organizations and a lot of different research and such. So I love that he keeps coming back, but he wants to come back and talk to you guys. We've talked about training older adults. We've talked about equipment. We've talked about a lot of the stuff he has behind him. We've talked about his family. We've talked about the way that he set up his business, but today we really want to take time and really dig into your business, Robert, because you have a very, very successful training fitness business. So I would love for you to share some of the perspectives and insights from building your business. But first and foremost, welcome back, Robert. Thank you. Thank you. I have to start. I'm going to tell you, it's really warm here in California. So I thought, I would break out. So I knew gear that I finally got in the mail. I'm so excited. I'm sitting here sweating wearing this too. I'm like, we got a bit of record so I could take this thing off. I was so happy to get this in the mail. So thank you. Thank you. I'll thank you. Very sweet of you. But I don't remember what you asked me, but thank you for having me here. I'm very excited to be here. I love talking business. We talked programming. We talked equipment. We talked about just training older pops. Let's talk business. Let's talk pandemic. Let's talk struggles. Let's talk successes. The last couple of years have been a little bit of all of that. And I've done a learning lesson and I love to share. So let's fire away. Love that. So first and foremost, I know you're going to break down how you started and how you got to the space that you're in now. But what made you want to start your own training business and not work for somebody else in the first place? So I had a pretty sweet gig. Like I was working at a country club in Sacramento. And when I first went there 2004, I was applying as like a front desk attendant that could have potentially become there's like a floor supervisor. They called it in an out of potential to be a trainer. And the athletic director, the fitness director came down and he's like, We don't really need anybody, but thanks for coming in. And I said, hey, we just hang onto my resume just in case. So he takes a look at it and he goes, oh, you got a canister degree from Sac State. He said, yeah, and he goes, oh, and your hammer thrower. I said, yeah, and he goes, come on in. Let's interview. So somehow I want to mow over. I got the job. And within like three months, I was up in training. So fast forward 10 years, I've got 50 something clients. I was a fitness director. I was having a great time training. And I always told myself, three things. If I ever lose these things, I will no longer work for someone else. The first one was potential to make more income, which for some reason our industry has a very big issue with that. If you, if you are going to make a good living doing this, you have to feel guilty about it. I've never understood that. Where it's like, if I'm going to help someone improve their health, I'm just supposed to do it out of the kindness of my heart. I do love working with people. And this is definitely a passion. But the beauty of it is that I get to get paid while I do that. I mean, I get to make a living out of the thing that I most passionate about, rather than having a job that I go to, and then my side passion that I wish I was just doing all the time. So I was able to combine both of those. I think that's a fantastic thing. So number one, don't feel guilty about making money, and especially if you're getting in a chance to make more money, pursue that, right? It's a good thing. So if I ever got capped on how much money I could make, I knew that was going to be an issue. Number two was, I wanted to be able to continue to pursue higher levels and endeavors within the business. As a floor soup, I wanted to become a trainer. As a trainer, I wanted to become the head trainer. As the head trainer, I wanted to become the fitness director. Fitness director, I wanted to become assistant GM. GM, I want to become GM. I want to eventually be an hour. Or I'm something something that would allow me to progress. So I've ever capped on that, and they were like, this is as far as you can go. Okay, maybe I look at other options. And then number three was, if you're going to take away any of the benefits that I've earned. So if you in personal training, you get to in California, you have to get 30 hours a week of consistent regular. And if you do that for three months, you can earn a 401k. You can earn health benefits, all this. Well, I did that, and I earned all those things. And if you ever lose, if I ever lost any of those, you know, per them to say, like, we're not going to do this anymore. Any of those issues, well, all three of those happened me within two years. And I said, we're done. GM came under new management. Instead of looking at each department individually, they looked at the entire business, weddings, tennis, golf, events, spots, sauna, hair, all this stuff, fitness, we were crushing it in a very small space. But when the lump sum of the business was not doing so well because of events, we all had to suffer. So we all got pay cuts. We all had our retirement taken away, and none of us had the opportunity to grow within a business. So I encourage all of you to think of that. If you ever get to a point, there's nothing wrong with working for someone else. My intention as a business owner was to create a job that a trainer could come in and go, this is a career opportunity for me. I no longer work in a job, this is a career. Awesome. I never want you to leave this. I want you to be so happy here that you're continuing to make a great living. You have potential growth, and then you have opportunities to invest in your future, retirement, health benefits, etc. I want to have all that laid out where they never want to go anywhere. This should be a real job just like anywhere else, where you can enter into an entry level, earn your way up, retire with benefits, and a gold watch, and whatever else. Whatever else comes with it, right? It should be just like that. Our industry because it's commissioned based typically doesn't offer that. So as being one of the outliers, I wanted to run a business where I employed individuals in that format. And that's what we did. So 2014 came around. My wife and I said, you know, don't think this is really working out anymore. We've lost a lot of things that we worked really hard for. Let's go do our own thing. I moved into a crossfit gym that was renting was one of my mentors was renting a space inside his gym that used to be a bakery inside this building. And he goes, I got 800 square feet. You can have that. And I said, I'll take it. And so we went in there for one weekend and put together some stuff. And I brought in some real basic equipment and 50 of my 52 clients came with me. I was shocked. We had two that needed childcare and we didn't have childcare to provide in the garage. And so we were there and I said, you guys, I promise you give me a give me two years. I promise that we will have a really nice beautiful space. Within 11 months, we were open and do another building, 2500 square foot all on our own up and run and do in great. We took those 50 clients and almost tripled it. We had 140 clients leading right into March 2020. And then the 17th came and everything changed. Yes, and then the business had to. So you guys, of course, had to officially close how long was it was just closed before you decided to bring it to the space that you're at now. This was such a weird situation. Not only did we have the pandemic, California was was on fire. We were burning, there were fires everywhere. So we could train outside. We were allowed to be outside with the pandemic. You couldn't be inside with people. So we could be in the parking lot. And the problem was on a day to day basis, the air quality because of the fires would be terrible. If the AQI, the air quality index was over 150, we weren't allowed to work outside. It was too dangerous for people to come and exercise. So we didn't have the option to wear masks inside or outside. We weren't even allowed to be indoors. So every day we had just mass text messages that we would send to every class. The clock, AQI's 125, we'll see you. And then by six, it would be over 150 and we'd have to cancel cancel the next three classes. So every hour, it was like, could we be open, could we not? So we did that for, I don't know, four months, five months and just tried to do our best, but we, I mean, we were open maybe 30 days over four months. I mean, it was so bad. So we continue to pay all of our rent, all of our utilities, all of our employees full, full everything. And just started draining our savings. We applied for some of the loans. We got some of those that definitely helped. Nine months in November came around and for eight months in. One of our clients was a, what's kind of connected to the people inside the capital. They called me and they said, you're not, this isn't going to, you're not going to get open for like another three or four months, like you need to prepare for that. And we didn't have the money to do that. So we, we were trying to figure out some things. And I'm trying not to get too political about it, but we basically had a split in our clientele that said, if everyone that returns into train isn't vaccinated and wearing masks, we're not going to come back. And the other half said, if you require us to be vaccinated and wear masks, we're not coming back. So either way, we were losing half of our business. Yeah. And we couldn't really afford to keep the doors open with, with half of them, let alone with everybody being nine months behind a hundred thousand dollars in that. And we had about 20 grand left. One of my passions and my goals was to be able to convert our garage into a full studio that I could train in, but also could be a recording studio for all my education. We had started T.O.A. as a side business as a continued education side business that I did one or two hours a week on, it was nothing major. And as the pandemic rolled in, we just looked at this and said, let's take advantage of this opportunity of some downtime, because we couldn't work the first couple of weeks and such. So we just got into education big time. And T.O.A. kind of became the forefront. And we were called be stronger fitness at the time kind of went to the back. And so we kind of juggle those for a while and eventually we looked at this and said, I think T.O.A. could like be the business. That could be the way that we continue to pursue this. And so we took our last 20 grand and converted this entire room. We have a garage door. Sorry for the shaky camera, but this was a garage door. There was all Rickity and it would roll up. And we had, you know, the fireplace for outside and there was a old washer and dryer and that leads into the house over here and we none of that was there. These doors windows all this stuff. It was all just this huge mess. And so over time, we finally had to come to grips of like, hey, are we going to do this? Are we going to do it for real? We need to have this whole thing gutted, redo the whole thing, put an air conditioning, you know, soundproof all that stuff. So we did the whole thing up 20 grand and committed a hundred percent. And, you know, kind of the rest is history. T.O.A. took off. And we've been doing really great sense. Basically adopted our old clients into the T.O.A model training in here. And that's really kind of our secondary income and our education is actually our number one. So within nine months, everything kind of flipped. And the beauty of it is, as I've got, you know, 60 something clients I work with now, 45 of which all online, the other 15 come in here. I get to practice all my programming, all my coaching, all of our implementation, working with our clients to come in. I get specialty clients who will come in and wheelchairs and I'll work with them for three or six months or something like that. And then we'll transition them into our online program, that kind of stuff. So I still get to practice and do everything I want to do. And that's what feeds all the online education. I don't think I'll ever stop training people. But my passion's definitely in teaching. And I love that more than anything. So that's so awesome. So guys, check the description for the episode two. We'll put a link for the T.O.A education and his YouTube channel because he has a lot of great content that he releases. So if you're looking to make content that's useful, right, or do education, Robert is a great place in person to model yourself after because he has really informative videos. They're like a perfect length, right? We know that people attention span is only so long. Good educational content designed for people like us fitness professionals, not necessarily the average person, but the average person can watch it and get something out of it. So I love that. And we get a lot of people asking, Robert, can I do in person and hybrid? And you're doing that. In fact, I'm a majority of your clients are online. So I'd love to explore that a little bit more. We all know what in person training looks like for you. What does your online client basically? What does that look like when you work with them? So I remember like 2004 I was a one on one trainer and then in like 2007 I accidentally booked two clients together at the same time. And instead of telling one of them I screwed up. They both showed up and I was like, we're going to do a partner workout today. This is going to be awesome. I just they just kind of rolled with it. And next thing they were like, can we just do this every day? This was way more fun. No offense, but this was way better. And my next group did that and next and be soon, you know, all of a sudden all I had were partners and groups and things kind of took off. So I was an online trainer coming into 2020 and Martin, I will tell you the truth. I didn't believe in online training prior to the pandemic. I think a lot of people didn't. I thought this is the only way to do it online. You're sending people programs. They never get to see yada yada. So when it happened, we were like, if we're going to do online, I'm going to do it my way my way is going to be like you and I are doing right now. I want to see into their house. I want to see what they're doing. I'm going to have eyes on them. I'm going to have to learn to coach more verbally than physically. I can't put my hand on their shoulder and say, pull this I'm going to learn to pull the shoulders back and retract them down, put your blades in your back pocket. Talk your chin like you're holding a softball to your chin like I had to learn ways to describe and cue this where people would connect with it. So we started to do that. Obviously as everybody kind of did. I got a lot better at it over the next six to seven months. By the time 2021 came around, we were really good at it to a point where other people were trying to model and we created another certificate that was teaching online training in the format we were doing. OTOA online training for the older adult. So now was going really well. As that's happening. We are now allowed in our county at that time to have people in house. And so same thing happens. I have an online program and I screw up and I book one of my in person clients at the same time as my class. So the class is on. I've got eight people and this lady one of my clients shows up and she's like I'm here and I'm like, everybody this is our model Kathleen she's going to be here to model today and so I trained her live while I watched everybody on screen. And I thought man people are going to they're really not going to like this they're going to be like you're paying more attention to her than you are to us. Basically I I've got you're on a giant screen TV right now on the wall right. Yeah and every screen of my client they're like a foot by foot on the screen it's a big TV. You know like a foot by foot so she was another one of the squares of this camera and so I would just kind of get out of the way and let her be another and I would just coach the squares. So even though she was right here right I would coach her by watching her on the screen and on occasion I would go back and adjust some things here and there and then I would open the camera I take the power point down with it and I would kind of show it like it is now and I'd say everybody look at Kathleen I want this back position not this back position make sure you're pulling a tight now that's like this and hold the weight this way make sure we don't do this. And then I go okay cool let's get back to work and we zoom back into the workout and I just coach the squares again and everybody loved it. They're like this is way more fun to see a client they're working with you rather than you doing it right like you 40 something year old versus a 70 year olds like this is it makes it a little more real it's not like I'm going to build you a program that I think you can do even though I'm 30 years younger than you they're here doing it and so the next level of our business took off right now I've got two to three clients in here every hour with another five to eight people online the join us. And that new hybrid model has been born by accident again happy actually. Yeah happy accidents twice so it's just kind of kind of been fortunate we went with it and our clients really like it. That's amazing and it sounds like yeah I've seen you're from your behind the scenes on your Instagram I've seen that big TV and your desk set up right where you're sitting. So it sounds like you guys have a pretty cool space that's set up and you have a cool format it is kind of cool to that you can reach more people right you if you have six or two people here two or three people here. You just increased your numbers so do the math right your hourly rate goes up for sure so you're being more sure. You're time it is engaging and super fun that's a really cool way to go about it. But I know in the past when we were talking about equipment you were talking about how you've kind of acquired it along the way. And thank you so much for being candid by the way about how much a cost you to build out your your space because some people have no idea that this is expensive like it's going to cost you money to make money. But can you talk us through like what equipment you started with and I know and then point out again for us maybe some of the things you've acquired over time. Yeah so with with this transition with the pandemic it wasn't so much the equipment we already have that at the other gym what we had to do was convert it into this space. We were set up for eight people at a time down the hill in Sacramento and here it was going to be two to three. So we kind of cherry picked and we brought like one full set of kettlebells and one full set of fat bells and we ended up changing our play o boxes so they were smaller footprints and we just kind of adjusted and modified some things but I brought flooring from the other gym the rack from the other gym. We just kind of brought that stuff in what changed was and I never thought of like quality cameras and we need to be hard line for our internet versus wifi. It just completely screws with how clean the picture is and how well the connections are and even if there's a storm or something going outside your hard lines as long as you're you're grounded in you're good to go. So that microphones what high quality mics do we need do I what need to wear a lavallier you know color mic or can I just clip this on my pot you know. All of these little things kind of came about and I didn't go to school to be an audio tech and and to do any type of presenting or doing any of this so this was all new thing and I had to start asking around and talking to different people and my brother does AV my brother and law does AV and so I had some mentors that kind of teach me these are better quality these not so much. Just as I have a shed out there full of all the junk equipment that I don't want anymore which we just sold a bunch of it by the way at the. The biggest weekend. I have the same with my mics and my cameras and all this old stuff that I tried and I thought it would be better and it wasn't and so there's a lot of trial and error. There's a lot to be said to and I talked about this often and almost everybody. I'm not a representative or affiliate or an ambassador anybody with any financial returns. Basically if you see me wearing a live bearded t-shirt I get free beard butter for the month if I you know that kind of thing. I don't make any money off of anybody doing so if I'm recommending a brand or a product it's because it works really well. Not because I'm making money from it. Okay. So when you look at these things they're like why do you like the angle 90 handles so much for my clients with arthritis it's the best handle any other one we've had they complain about those ones they don't. So I recommend them to you but I have four other pairs of crap handles out in that shed so the same thing here I have different mics different things. We've gone through and we have to try those and you just don't know the things you don't know until you start to experiment with them and try them out and then you test your quality and see it on the other side same thing happens with equipment. You know we look at this and we're like dumbbells that makes sense fat bells that makes even more sense you know a lot of my clients that hand issues arthritis issues carpal tunnel. When I hold on to dumbbell the weights only on one side or the other so it kind of stabilizes my hand from side to side but not forward and back. We're on my injuries at my hand forward and back. So if I put a fat bell a hex bar around my hand right. Well now I can circumduct weight and work on building strength in all directions where the dumbbell not so much a bit but not as much. So those kind of processes start going through and you're like well now I've got to sell my dumbbells and I'm going to replace them all the fat bells. I'm not saying you have to do that your demographics is specific to this it's a big difference you know I train with these all day long every day months and months and years and years. Now I go to a hotel gym and I only get to use dumbbells my elbows and my rest are the next day. It's one of those things where I'm like this was a learning lesson now I'm cutting and this goes across the board why do we just a why this tank why that sled why so. I guess my answer to talk about the equipment a little bit is you're going to have a lot of trial and error and a lot of them may be expensive mistakes we purchased some stuff for you know a couple of thousand dollars didn't it didn't work out. I had this one piece of equipment is 500 dollars I thought for sure we're going to use this all the time it was a little box and it had magnets on it and it would magnetize do a plate and it had a little fishing string and you'd hook it on to the implement and when you pulled it it told you how fast the implement was being pulled. And I thought this will be great and I used it for a month and then we never went back to it. 500 dollars just to have something that I thought was going to be this amazing thing and it is a cool tool. However, I'm not really training people for maximum power and speed production like my buddy Justin is with a bunch of throwing athletes so I sent it to him right. Those kinds of mistakes you get caught up in the moment this is awesome I'm going to get that. I'm going to use these smart I whenever we work in our affiliates we say there's my need list and there's my one list right the need list is kettlebells dumbbells and or fat bills power bands right anchors a bench pile box. It's about it you don't have to have barbells I have those but those are for show we don't use them they just they just sit up there and collect dust right you remember once a while but not much. You know from my demographic it's one implement at a time or I call it unibylateral two implements of the same time learning to manipulate two implements much harder than what. Biilateral connection of the barbells really difficult for our clients because we are getting people that have a lot of physical limitations right so we find that a unilateral approach with one implements at a time really works well but that's our practice that's our studies that's what we implement okay you may have need for barbells and bumper plates and all that we don't so you just got to kind of look at the assessment of. Who are you working with how is your programming done what do you need and then what do you want in every month we would take one client we're like whatever we get from Jen Jen pays $200 a month. Let's take that 200 we'll put it in the one fund and every time that 200 equal whatever number was the next item we bought it and so it's like okay we got a skier 800 dollars was by the skier and then four months later cool we got another eight hundred dollars let's buy the tank and so we would just keep chip in a way and now almost you know three and a half years later. I've got all the toys right I've got all the toys that I want and I feel like we've got a pretty good opportunity to train people as efficiently as we can. However that's 10 plus years almost 20 now at this time of collecting stuff and finding your strategies always going to be changing and it should be you should always be evolving absolutely and I remember when we were talking about programming you mentioned how you do that with like a certain clients maybe that you make from them you put it in like buckets and I like it told you then I've never heard anybody tell them like give that advice. And I do it now. So I have certain clients that I make make a little bit from this person or a whole lot more from this person. And one that I make a little bit for it goes into this fund and I use it for this or for many bands or whatever right so smart first of all. And second of all guys if you look at his space when talking about the equipment that he has you get you some great foundational equipment to have right the fat bells the kettle bells. The kettle bells some simple things like the the mats and stuff like that but look at the space the way it's laid out to tell us about how you designed this space because there's people out there rubber and know you know this because through NCA and some other organizations. There's people out there that will charge you money to design your space if you have a conditioning space where you have 30 racks and bunch of benches and all that makes sense. So the average person with a space like yours or maybe even a 2000 square foot space we don't need that what was your thought process going into designing this space for your studio before. My favorite thing is designing spaces like this the small ones the little home gyms I love it because it's it's a problem you got a problem solve this but the key components to it are buying equipment that has a small footprint. That has multiple use and can be stored vertically that's really the key to a lot of this like everything we have like the more stuff you can get off the floor the better the room looks the more things that ascend up the walls the taller the room what looks. But when you look in here you're like okay I've got 500 square feet and it's probably 400 and 60 is actually usable right the rest or counter tops or corners where you can't quite get anything. So I'm going to look at those corners and those nooks in those you know those areas that I can't really use and go how can I use that as storage. And so we've got like double reinforced shelving over here that holds all of our weight vest and all of our plates that are stacked up right and then I've got wall mount these guys are like double reinforced be able to support the the bars you'll see those eye hook see that eye hook up in the ceiling up here. That guy or right that way that one right there so that eye hook is screwed into four four by fours sorry for the shaky camera a man of one I have no camera man. That's screwed into four four by fours so my buddy John's like 260 I'm 240 the two of us are dangling on this thing trying to rip it out of the ceiling because we want to make it heavy enough that I could do toes and rows and all kinds of different actions from that. So there was certain things we had to hey this is going to be a demand of the room it's got to be reinforced we have clients that will take studs in their house and put eye hooks every 12 inches all the way down with carabiners and their bands and they can click in at whatever height they want. They've got their angle 90 handles they can do high rows they could do low rows they could put two bands together and tie it to their belt and do a simulated tank pull or a sled drag and they've got all these just from the anchors. And then we have others that are going to forward an encourcist I'm on a slide rail and then we have others that bought a full you know vertical storage or vertical plate rack from rogue where they've got 250 pounds of plates eight inches off the wall. All of these things though they're smaller mobile or they have such a small footprint that it doesn't stick out and take a ton out of the room. Even our racks these racks that we have at the base of them my directions here right down here there's a little black strap with a carabiner and same right there. So I have low anchors that I can click click bands into we'll put the tank on that with bands and they can do like dynamic chess presses or we could do low pulley rows we use everything we use anything and everything the squat rack. Really do I actually squat or bench press out of that rack it's just a giant anchor point you know we have landmines before at the bottom we had pivot points at the top. I've got carabiner hooks all over shackles all over the place and cores that slide up and down it I mean. You got to be creative and knowing like how many uses can I get for this one thing. A plate loaded chess press machine is like four by six foot so you got like a 24 foot square foot foot foot print of a device that only does horizontal chess pressing yeah and you're like well I could tie bands to it and do some row okay I'll give you that one what else. That's it right but there are plate loaded universeels where you can be on one side and row you go to the other side and press you stand up on the platform and high pull you can move the platform and rack and you can do like rack pulls or dead lifts off the floor. Great machines well now I've got four five six different things on them. Then they have little platform jacks that lift up and now it's on skis and it's a giant loaded sled and you could push it across the floor and you're like now I got a device right that's five or six different things it's a mobile I can sled it wherever I want to. And then once I said or down we can load that puppy up and I can do all my plate loaded lifts it's that kind of thing if you want to have plate loaded machines find one of those. I don't know who makes that by the way I saw that a. Oh it was a name of the gym it'll come to me in a minute I think maybe hoist I think is maybe the company I make so yeah hoist has some pretty cool. They make some cool stuff yeah I just did a little feature on my episode last week on their leg press and how it's the only leg press in the market where the the platform that you sit against moves with you. So it actually simulates like you're squatting like you move away from your feet at the same time super cool anyway somebody over there designing stuff. Has an idea of number one biomicanics and anatomy because it makes a lot of sense right and I do a side is by side if you guys want to check that out on my YouTube. I've got another guy on a leg press and me on a hoist one and it's show side by side and how regular leg presses is just knee extension it's really hard to get your hips involved. Where were the other one even though it's only four or five inches it's four or five inches every single rep so it's a significant difference that's what I'm looking at with every piece of equipment of like. Why is this better why is this more efficient for me and or my clients and then how can I use it in here is it worth the footprint is is the fly wheel worth the two by three foot footprint to put it in here. Absolutely I find great value in that but have I had other purchases I don't like the bag on other pieces of equipment have I had other ones that were not absolutely I bought them and they're out in that shed now. So you got to make those decisions you got to make those choices but look for things that have multiple use that are fairly heavy that can store vertical and buy for quality if anything is low. You know it's low for a reason it's either brand new and no one's heard of it and they're trying to get on the market that's rare okay or it's cheap and it's junk. And I've seen other ones where I'm like oh this is cool I again another one I want bag on but if you're seeing this. It's a device that's a bar with two little class that open and you can put dumbbells on it and close it now you've got a barbell right using the dumbbells as weight. And I thought genius I've got dumbbells I've got this plus I wanted to hook it to the kettlebell so we could deadlift with it and I was like that'd be cool because now I could pull from higher heights right. So I get it number one it's made out of plastic so it bends. I go to connect it to the the fat belt or the kettlebells the handles are too fat and won't fit on there it barely fits on the dumbbells and and I was like this is a complete waste of time it was so janky and junky and you tried to screw it together it would strip and miss. And I'm like well that's what I get for buying something for ninety nine dollars. A really good one of these with a cost 250 or 300 right but I would have had a good quality piece of equipment I would be using today because the idea of that is really great. And I've been super into the production of it was poor so instead it sits out there and I don't mention the name of the company and opposed to angles ninety and rogue and everybody else I'm talking about in here who makes good high quality shit. So don't waste your money on stuff like that check all the reviews go through that and end or go and find someone that has what you want and go play with it because that's. And I see every place I go I want to find a gym I want to go in there because I'm going to see something I've never seen before I want to get in there play around and stuff I love it I collect t shirts from gyms that I go to. I got like a Bob's fitness from Lake Tahoe and then gyms fitness from LA and Steve from Missoula Montenegro whatever the places are we stop in we do a workout we buy a t shirt. So cool piece of equipment never seen one of these before and what do you know it shows up in my gym. Yeah, I was going to ask you about the cost because a lot of people will say oh like I have probably seven or eight thousand dollars with a equipment in my garage that have a mask over the last five or six years a little bit at a time to your point just like you do a little bit of the time. Oh, by each season oh I need more of this and let's try this this year or whatever so with my don't use yeah as much as I thought I would some of them I do but I've also done things like buy kettlebells for example on Amazon and I was like oh but they weren't the metal ones they were plastic with sand and I was like okay this is nice like it's easy to transfer Robert what I didn't think about was kettlebells are meant to be dropped slammed like if somebody drops a plastic when it literally says on it do not drop. And I got it I was like well what am I supposed to do it this then what if somebody swings it and drops it is they're going to bust out over the place. So it's one where like I was like I could use this so people think they can take the cheap route or find this piece of equipment that yeah and set of spending $150 for this kind of a unspent 40 and you know see if I can get more of them. It's not always good right dying of all same thing I've gotten down the last two throws before they split at the seams and I got I got the more expensive ones and I have. 150 kids that I work with at a time they can beat the I tell them I'll pay you money if you can break this thing. Yeah, so the quality absolutely matters and you make it go try it go see it maybe before you buy it but also what do you think about like brand loyalty I want to say it that way because that's kind of under is like somebody who only buys rogue or only buys this like should we kind of diversify what we have because no one can. I think so I mean, what attracted me to rogue in the first place was durability and and remember their CEO at the time or I don't think it was a glassman it was somebody else that worked on the high up and they're like why is your equipment so good. And he goes well we we've created because people are going to be dropping it and throwing it and and dumping the bar basically in ways that they probably shouldn't and we're tired of replacing bars so they're throwing you know 200 kilo bars off a rooftop for three stories up and like why and I'm like we don't know why but people are going to do it and so they just made super you know durable stuff and I'm like why never want to buy another barbell so I'm going to buy one of theirs for $400 and I'm going to have it forever and the ones that we bought are the best bars that I've ever experienced it. Short of like Olympic level, Aliko, I found in the U.S. training, Olympic center other than that they're very good bars so I don't think you need to be brand loyal necessarily but look at like what what equipment am I looking to fill and what is the demand of that. And then I'm going to shop that market and see who's creating the best one because not everybody makes everything. In rogue doesn't make select rice machines but if you're like well I want select rice machines cool go to go to side backs go to life time I don't know I couldn't tell you the last time I looked at select rice equipment go look at whoever's looking at now. Yeah, you know and but you know they're they're also not making bumper plates and so you'd have to go well I want to go to road to get my bumper plates right and so you got to find whoever's making the the demand of the equipment that you want find the best versions of that I definitely think it's worth the investment. And I do get a little blowback on this from people I'm not a big fan of buying used equipment ever I mean, I'm the only one that's going to use it I've got a couple kettle bells that I throw in the yard but I would never let my clients use those because they're not proven they're not tested who knows what those people did with those they could have been throwing those kettle bells on the concrete and then I bought it and it's one swing away from breaking in my hand right there was a story of a of two guys that were. Rock climbing in Sacramento they took a rope out of the back of their car and they dropped it on the ground and they picked it back up and they went inside and they ended up selling that rope to another kid who the rope broke while he was climbing. He ended up getting really hurt he lived but he got really hurt and when they went all the way back through it they traced it back to when those guys dropped the rope in the parking lot it got some mode motor oil on it and that motor oil started aware way at the material. And then they resouled it right to somebody else this kid and now days later what not that rope broke while it so my point is is you don't know what happened at equipment before you what if it's a TRX and you've got your grandma doing inverted rose hanging under that thing and it snaps right. I've seen massive shoulder and neck injuries from six to 12 inches off the floor because they don't just fall on the ground they fall onto a kettlebell or a bench or whatever else is underneath them too. It's situational awareness and your insurance when that accident occurs they're going to call and they're going to say where did you buy that equipment and if you're like I bought it new from TRX they're going okay. We know that you got a a good liable warranty covered piece of equipment when you go no I bought it from you know Bob's played against sports then they're going to go yeah we're not going to cover you that's not we don't we can't ensure used equipment. So you got to keep those kind you got to think like a business owner and a lot of times it's you know what's the worst situation that could occur with this I need to be smart so though it's a cheaper option to buy used equipment. I'm not a big fan of that I mean you want to buy you know secondary flooring that was in a California fitness that closed down sure right I mean there's there's no life depending on this this flooring as long as it's sound and there's no bumps in it you're good. But am I going to have somebody doing a cable pulley that was in somebody else's house for five years I don't know what they did do it did they maintain it did they oil it did they clean it or is it rusty and ready to snap at any moment. You got to you got to go through those things and that's where buying warranty brand new equipment if something breaks something happens to it a lot of them especially these bigger expensive pieces they're guaranteed for life. So as long as you don't drop it or you know do something that's outside of their warranty if you're just using it in a breaks at least you get your piece of equipment back or your insurance goes well okay. That this is just a accident that occurred but you had a good sound piece of equipment and something bad happened not a problem then they got you right they'll cover you. You got to think that way and a lot of this equipment that's where I'm like I'll I'll pay double for something if I know it's going to last forever and it was made really really well. And you can go all the way down to where is it being made and who do you want to support you know. I like sorenx I like rogue I like US brand equipment that's here in in the States and I want to support our country nothing I guess anybody else I just you know I want to American made equipment I want to support our country and do that I know bird soren. I know some of the guys at work at rogue bird all of his buddies at work they're all throwers I threw against all of them and so I see all those guys in there installing everything I'm like there's Aaron and there's you know I know all those guys and so I want to support my my dudes and so I think the more you get connected in this industry. You start to see and start to connect with different companies that represent what you believe in you know rogue gives a lot of money back to veterans and they gives back to communities and and Ohio. They do a lot back there for people they do a huge garage sale every or they sell out equipment to people and whatever is left over they give to the local high schools for weight rent brand new bars that people are getting it's like I love that so I'm going to support you guys right it's not kind of stuff I'm rambling now but you get you get my point. Well you bring up some really great points with like getting the good equipment making sure that you can be insured I need to think about that they could deny your claim if you bought second hand like equipment because they don't know what happened to it just like you don't. But let's talk a little bit about that before we wrap up. Business side of it right because yes you have to have insurance things like keeping your receipts when you buy equipment first of all you need you received if you're going to write it off in any kind of way. But keep the receipt and then like whatever brochures or packets came with it right I have a whole drawer over there that that's all it is is receipts and the info packet that came with it tells you how to use said item whether it's a recovery tool or a piece of equipment I keep all of that stuff. But let's talk about that and any business license is of course California is different and a little bit more strict with a lot of places. But how did you navigate all of that did you kind of just figure it out as you go did you have a mentor or did you pay some more. Get a mentor mentors are fantastic because in many cases I so I had Alan Cosgrove and I had Jamie Lopez Jamie is a local the local CrossFit owner here in Sacramento. Great guy I was pursuing my master's degree. I needed to have someone else that had a master's degree to do a mentorship with and he was right down the road. I didn't know him. I just called him up one day and I said it could I come in and meet with the abayalunch and I want to talk to you about potentially doing an internship. He was like absolutely coming over. I have never been told no when you get to call somebody in her I called talk to Mike Boyle I called and talked to Todd Durkin I've Martin Rooney. I've Dan John is like my stepdad right like I love the guy we we talk all the time not I'm name dropping but you get you get the point is like over 20 years you get to meet these different folks and connect with them we get opportunities to to to find a brotherhood a sisterhood within the world of weights that kind of helps you find routes and as each of these individuals are experts in their domain. You can then contact those people and go how did you troubleshoot blank. So I'm talking to Jamie and I'm like if I want to open my own place what do I need to concern myself with and he goes well let's start in the bathrooms. You need to make sure the door is ADA compliant for someone in a wheelchair and I'm like shit our door is an ADA compliant. I go okay you got to fix that are their handles on each side of the toilet is the the the sink high enough for someone in a wheelchair to get underneath it can they reach all the stuff is the mirror tilt all of these things. We don't think about but they're big violation issues here in California the the sprinkler system is that up to code the fire extinguishers and the fire sprinklers are all those up to code. And so we're going to do that right proper lighting or the doors right doors have to be pushed locks on the inside so there's a fire everyone can get out but they can lock from the outside right all of those things I wouldn't have thought a half of that stuff if it wasn't for Jamie so that's where as you don't be afraid to go up and talk to people and ask them and connect with them because you might just be a DM away from asking Dan John damn I want to buy kettlebells you're the kettlebell expert who do you think I should go with and he goes all way you get to get these guys they've got this great deal or they've got this great you know warranty goes with it and now you're connected right. Our industry is full that don't be afraid to ask for help to ask for mentors I've got tons of them and whatever realm that they are all experts in you know we get to get to kind of pull from that so that was a big one was was having a mentor or mentors that you could kind of go to for each of those things and inside the facility. You would be shocked that you have to have a permit to have an alarm system you have to have a permit that someone has to come out and check your facility make sure that the alarm that was installed was done so properly. There's nothing else that they do after that other than they take $800 from you and they walk away and they're like yep you got in the alarm and I'm like. I had to do that yes okay to put my sign outside was $2,000 it was another $1,000 to have a guy come out and go yep there's a sign the city takes that and you're like what the hell there's so much more money. For permits of things that they never need to it's crazy you play music if you're going to play music you better be getting the business Pandora are the business. Yes, you know, that's life is that's like no that's what I actually believe in because I'm like these are artists now that are not getting there cut I'm totally cool with that right I'm good with paying for that every month or every year. There's certain things though, I don't know but my point is is every state is going to have a month talk too much every state's going to have their own little things all these little things that you're going to have to go through. Go to go to whoever your city council they are going to have or your. Chamber of Commerce go to them and say I'm open in a business what do I need to know and they've got packets and lists of everything in hey here's for gas for electricity for your phone line your security line your music all that stuff don't have at least a basic. Outline the kind of get you going and then from there you kind of learn along your way. Some places some states you have to have inspections before you open other ones you don't some of them you have to have ramps in the proper doorion like we talked about others you don't if it's a certain size there's a certain criteria or cap for how many people are allowed to be in the room other states other buildings they're not. Indoor outdoor use if you open the doors to the parking lot all of a sudden you have another 30 person capacity then if the doors shut it's all these little things that we don't think about so ask a lot of questions get a lot of mentors and. Unfortunately you can't you can't like plead ignorance of like well I didn't know we needed fire alarms of course there's certain those things you have to have so you have an insurance company make sure you're getting a good insurance company that ensures people for fitness. Okay, I'm not gonna name drop, but there's plenty of ones out there that sounds like a go and then another one where there's a state with some farmers and then there's another one that there's these insurance companies that they ensure your car and they're great at cars right and maybe they do your house and they're great at their house you know what they don't do they don't do fitness. They sell you one, but they don't know fitness and so they just send you they basically sell you like disaster insurance but if you go to K and K or if you go to Philadelphia or if you go to. Is it good one next person? Thanks. There's a good one. Yep, there's a couple. His cocks we have his cocks there's a bunch of them. They specialize in fitness and so if you go through the insurance interview and it's only five minutes long you're what the wrong company. It should be about a half an hour. They should ask who's your target demographic what equipment do you use how do you train what's your education what's your background what it you know do you have treadmills do you have select right they want to know you have pieces of equipment that are going to break down or are you all free weights. And so all that stuff how about this one? Are you going to have your shoes off while they're resistant training if the answer is yes it's another two grand a year. Guys right if the answer is no $2,000 less okay. Now you can get insurance for your 800 square foot gym for a whole year for fifty dollars disaster okay one bad thing that's it a million dollars that's all you got or you can pay $2,000 a year right you can pay a hundred and eighty dollars a month and have every bit of insurance that you could possibly think of just like when you get a car. Hey what do you want your deductible to be do you want roadside do you need rental cars do you want you can go through all that into side. But if you buy it from your car insurance company and they're not going to ask any of that they're just going to give you a blanket one. So you can also once you buy your good insurance go to them and say what do I need to know I'm in California I'm in Oregon whatever it is they'll help you and tell you here's all the things you need to think about when you're opening your own business. There's lots of opportunities for help you just need to ask for it. Yeah, love that and yeah, insurance is one that I think a lot of people overlook a good like oh I don't need it or they get the minimum coverage just like people do on their cars. Interates is important when you need it and you don't know when you're going to need it so don't rather because yeah, I think they're having it and made it. Yeah, the need is not it's going to cost you a whole lot of money out of pocket if something does happen and we're not even talking about bodily injury here guys. We're talking about what if there is work like Robert said there's fires right what if there's a fire and half of his building burns down insurance will help cover that if you have the right coverage someone breaks in breaks your window. So it was a lot of things and accidentally run through the wall right. Yep, there's a water leak there's any of this is all insurance coverage. Yeah, so you shouldn't have to pay out a pocket with that but you have to make sure you have the right coverage to your absolute correct. And for you know, people are like, well, you can give me the opportunity to go to the hospital and go to the hospital and you have to see your questions get it all in writing understand the policy that they hand you. Right. So even if you go online and buy one where you don't have to speak to somebody which is what I do with Philadelphia. I make sure to read all the terms all the things what what is it actually covering before I sign up for anything every couple years. We print in our whole packet and I've got it here in the drawer and that way if I need to reference something and like some of them I've got our personal figure names Rhonda or Roxanne or something like that's like our person she's in charge of us. And so we contact to whatever we need something. good to like know somebody's I'm assigned to someone, you know, they got me covered. So I think that's great. And just like you said with like the manuals, I've got my my my my my skier the manual, the little screwdriver that comes with all that if you ever want to resale to someone that's in their home, which is I would recommend right don't sell to another gym, they shouldn't buy used equipment. But if you want to resell to someone in their house or something like that or sell to a year clients or or a family member or something like that, how cool is it to like give them the manual and the screwdriver and the extra courtage that comes with. And you're like here this is what I got I've only had it for a year and here it is you know like all that anytime you need to recommend or reference how to fix it or how to update or what to use you've got it all right there you're not Google and it or you two mean it you've got it at your fingertips. I think that's that was an awesome suggestion is keep all those little things you know we got a whole little drawer of them inside we just pile all that stuff in there. It's good stuff down and if you ever sell your gym, okay, I'm gonna think about that in the future you've got all the manuals for all the equipment right there. The years they were they were built all the years that you bought them etc. You're receipts we talked about that right off for travel right off for your uniform if you're a traveling trainer or your vehicle to and from maintenance for your vehicle. I I part of my brand is my beard so my beard trims every month are right off right. I my shirts that I buy the shoes that I get all of it is part of my uniform so all those things these are not nothing even shady about it this is good business practice right. You go to meals with a client whatever that all that stuff is part of the program all tax right off but continue education travel for that that's another envelope we have we have the one list equipment we have continued education we have the rainy day fund. Right something's gonna happen that someday I'm gonna need a couple grand I got to have some money in there when the the rain thing breaks I got to do my 1500 dollar deductible for my insurance to kick in. I've got that money right anyway. So all those little things are all right off all that stuff these are all business practices that the more you do it the better you get at it higher in account if you don't have one even even if it's the cheapest account ever because you're barely making any money higher that person as you make more you can get a better one. But higher people and know what they're doing to help you run your business efficiently rather than you trying to figure it out and doing it half as. Yeah, or missing out on deductibles or like or deductions and all these other things for years and then you're like oh wait I could have been doing this the whole time we'll guess what you can't go backwards after a couple years or even after a year. You just have to start then so yeah there's a lot of things that people are missing out on especially when it comes to deductions I agree Robert I use quick books by the way quick books for small business and so I think it's 16 dollars a month is what I pay and it's on my. So easy and I'm using used to and then when I do my taxes I may just pull everything out all the cat. So easy. Super easy. We're talking a couple hours the cost of that program is a tax right off so. It takes a couple hours to set it up and then once it's set up it's just to move sailing all the way down the line from there you're totally right. The line. My image when I travel and stuff everything I absolutely love that. So Robert my last question for you today is we finish up our talk about business what is one thing. If you can narrow down one thing that you know now that you wish you knew before you started that first studio. I I'm probably stayed at the country club two years longer than I should have I should have left. I don't regret it. I'm just looking back at it now. I definitely learn what it was like to work for someone I didn't want to work for anymore so there's lessons to learn there. I guess my answer would be don't be afraid to go out and do things on your own if you feel like you're equipped and prepared to do so. And on the other side you're not getting the opportunities that you want there because again there's nothing wrong with working for someone else but if you're going to go and do it. Don't be afraid. We we waited two years we kept thinking should we do it should we do it and we finally didn't two weeks and we're like why the hell do we wait so long this is awesome like this is so much better right. You got to believe in yourself and if you've done your homework and you put in the time and you're like I think we're ready to do this and you think so don't be afraid go for it. Invest in yourself you put in the time you put in the effort if you're believing in you and your clients believe in you. I say go for it so yeah if the opportunity arises believe in yourself. Don't tell you guess that you'd be good. I love that you said something earlier to you about like not having a job having a career and that's what you wanted to create for other people in fitness. That's really important to me as well. I think that's the biggest thing I would tell people is whether it's owning your own space like what Robert's doing or working for someone else or some other iteration right your a coach or a strength coach or something else like whatever you're doing in fitness you guys. My biggest piece of advice to be yeah believing yourself for sure but this should be hopefully something you want to do long term that's a cool. Right it's not just something that you show up to every day because you need the paycheck. If that's what this is for you fitness is a little bit too difficult of an industry if you ask me and many respects for that to be sustainable. You won't be doing it for long if you're just showing a good paycheck whether you're in the front desk or you're actually training people or you're managing a space it's going to be miserable for you. If you don't actually enjoy it and want to do it and want to do better. So I love what you're talking about earlier how you wanted always the next thing right. Not saying you always have to want the next thing but if you don't wake up every day like just I get to I get to do this every day now I have to do this then is probably not going to work out. I was I was a janitor in high school and I remember sitting up out of bed at 3 a.m. every morning going I don't want to go and do this but I have to. I think that's the only thing and the only time in my life where I've ever done that because once I started training. I like you just said I woke up every day excited to go and do it. It's stressful to run your own business right it is it's stressful to have a lot of clients because you've got a lot of people that you're trying to work with and trying to take care of and trying to make them happy and make sure they're achieving and moving in the right directions your balance and all these different things weren't a lot of hats. I look forward to it every day because I love it because I'm passionate about it because it's my career choice it's not a job that I have to go to. When you get the opportunity to merge your passion for life your Dharma your your purpose of what it is that you're here to do. And that can make you a living and you can you can create that opportunity. I think you've achieved serenity like that is that's what you're put on this planet to do and I I would debate anybody that that I know that's what I'm here to do right. I'm here to be here right now talking all of you to train in this room and and to help the people I get to help there's nothing else I'd rather be doing. I love it. I was in the yoga philosophy. That's amazing cross disciplines I love it. Well, Robert this has been absolutely amazing I'm in the end point nine percent sure we're going to have you back so guys expect to hear some more again. I got a uniform now. I'm going to get you some more. I'll check the description of the episodes you guys Robert in the second here I'm going to have you tell them where they can find you like on Instagram or social media but guys we threw the links for his main website. The education website and his YouTube channel which is again phenomenal great content so if you're looking to learn how to create content is the great thing to model yourself after. And he does all this for free again because the more free things you give to people they start to build a relationship with you they start to trust you and then more like they've been money with you. So let's be honest like it's a great way to build chess but he also clearly like to educate people and so that's his job that's been here for but Robert where can these guys find you on social media. I'm on Instagram my name Robert Linkle or you can look us up at training the older adult on there as well we have both both Instagrams we're on Facebook same Robert Linkle training the older adult are YouTube channels growing but we always give you some more people on there so pop on there there's 250 videos on there we haven't even more going on now. And then over on our website training the older adult.com and love to see you there. Love it awesome well thank you again so much for your time today. Thank you. I love it can't wait till next time. Absolutely yeah you'll be back soon. And thank you guys for watching watch rewatch he's always got great information but we'll be talking to you soon guys. Thank you.