Welcome back to Re-Win for another ISSA talks episode. I have with us a phenomenal guest with Shannon, Fable, hi Shannon, how are you? How are you doing? How about you, Jenny? I'm good. Thank you so much for joining us. You had the best podcast episode that that's a couple weeks ago. I'm super excited to have you back on. But guys, this guest, she has so much knowledge about how you guys can improve your business, your productivity, all these things about what you're doing as a personal trainer and fitness professional. But Shannon, for those people who aren't familiar with you, I did put your biography in the description for our episodes. I'm ready. Please check that out. It's a good one. But I hear you're a little bit of sest with productivity. Tell us about that Shannon. Hi, I am. Yeah, I've been in the industry for 25 and my career has taken some wild twists and turns. But along the way, as I got more into the business side of this industry, I became a productivity nerd. Like I really wanted to figure out initially, and I want to make sure I put an astray next to it because it's not working talk that today. Initially, it was how do I get more done in less time? It really was the hustle mindset. So I would consume every single book out there about productivity. I read every article about tips I download every app. And somewhere along the way, I realized that all that stuff is like two, three, four steps further down the path. And when you try to do it without addressing the real issue, which is how do I increase my impact and keep my business moving forward? While honoring my current commitments and constraints to avoid burnout and overwhelm, then it doesn't work. So I know, I'm not going to say quickly, shift in my focus. It took me a long time to arrive at that was really the answer or the solving that most people needed to do. So I shifted my focus about three or four years ago to figure out how to do it and not do it all. I don't think you can do it all. But how do you again, you know, increase your impact while sidestepping overwhelm and burnout? So giving the right things done at the right time for the right reasons is what it's all about. Absolutely. And what you just said, Shannon, like anybody who's a trainer out there at any capacity, any level, any facility that you're working in, but you just said resonates. Because we all want to do more right, but there's only so many hours in the day and we're only one person, how do we do that? So in working with fitness professionals for these last couple of years, like many, many years, what do you think is the biggest thing holding people back from growing their business? Is it that productivity piece? Yeah, you don't know anything in a caught productivity. I think there's two things. And it's funny we're talking about this over the Thanksgiving break with family. Like, one, you have to start with an exit strategy. And that sounds so bizarre. And I've done this workshop in million times at conferences and there's always so many audience that's like, well, that's so negative. I mean, no, that's real. You're not going to do this forever. And if you don't think, and what I mean by you're not going to do this forever, you are not, if you're a trainer right now, training 25 hours a week, making this much money in this way at this club, this isn't going to last forever. You may be still involved in health and wellness, but that has to evolve as you evolve and as the industry evolves. And thinking anything different is actually a little bit pompous. So I'm always just suggesting, like, you have to think down the path. You're also not always going to be single with no kids and no responsibility, right? Like, our lives change a ton over the course of our careers. So not that we can predict the future, but you do have to think farther out than the next year, two or three years where we're just consistently trying to get more clients and make more money. Like, where are we headed? Do we always want to be working in this environment? Do we want to explore other ways to be an health and wellness? So I'm going to put that aside because not what we're talking about today, but if you really do start to think about an exit strategy, you get a little bit more clear about what kind of impact you're wanting to make. An impact can be a number of lives changed as well as the impact on your wallet. Like how much money do you actually want to make? And the over our chain piece that which starts the productivity conversation is how much do you really want to work? Yeah. And again, that may change a lot over your lifetime. And as that changes, you have to start really thinking about what the reality of the impact on the impact you want to make is. So the number one mistake though that I think trainers make is one not looking long term. And then two, not really thinking about what is impact to me, both number of lives changed and the money that I want to make because I know you would do it forever even if you aren't being paid, but even a mission needs a margin. You have to figure how much money you're going to make. And then if we trace it back to like the first pin you need to put in it, you have to find time to work on your business versus in your business. And our business is not set up to give you time to work on your business. So you have to take that responsibility and figure it out. Absolutely. And that makes perfect sense. I know like you said we're not going to talk about the exit strategy, but you're absolutely right. And like we're not, my fiance asked me that a long time ago. He was like, do you see yourself doing this at 55 or 60? I was like, I don't know. I don't think I've ever thought about that. And the sherry answer will probably not. Right? Not rising capacity, but to your point, then what do I want to do in the time that I will be in this career? So you came up with a link called the TBD technique. And you developed it yourself. What is that? And how could it potentially help us as fitness professionals? Yeah. So TBD technique. It is a play on words with what I was just mentioned. TBD usually means what? To be determined. And that's how most of us leave our careers and health and wellness. Leave our time, leave our organization. It all just magically worked out. So instead, like TBD stands for time by design. You have to design your time. Like we all have the same 20 hours in a day. And no, I'm not going to go down that route. Like so wake up at our earlier stew. We're going to our earlier. Like that's not what I'm talking about. But we all have the same 24 hours. And we all need to get real about how much time out of those 24 hours. We want to work. And then ensure that we're doing the right things at the right time to increase our impact to sidestepped over well and burnout. So yeah, the TBD technique time by design. You need to design it a way that is uniquely you. And there's a lot to unpack of what TBD means. But that's the first thing. Instead of living your lifetime with a TBD determined, live a lifetime by design. I love it. And that makes sense to start us off. So walk us through TBD. What does that mean and how do we break that down? Yeah. And I will set your mind to use. I'm going to give you a cursory level overview. And then we can dive into some of the the more philosophical concepts. Because I think that's where time would be best spent. But I have a free worksheet and free video series that walks you through doing this on your own. So don't stress. Just listen to it right now. You can always go back and do the work later. So step number one is I now talk about it by you have to define your container. So you have to really identify how much time you have available to work. And there's two pieces to this. Because there's an objective number that actually is kind of challenging to come up with. Not many people stop and think about all of the things that take up your time on a daily basis that you should hold space for. And we just make the assumption we have eight hours in a day to work. So we'll start with that. But then once you get that objective number, there's also a subjective piece to it. What story do you have about the hours? Do you feel like it should be more or less? Do you judge yourself on that number? And then is it a number that you actually like? Like that's for you to decide. Nobody else, especially in our business. We're not workers sitting in a corner office that you are asleep to the man that have to come in on a time clock. I mean to some degree we do. But we have a little bit more fluidity or flexibility with our schedules. And I think post-COVID, most companies are okay with us trying to figure it out in a way that works for us. They know they have to to keep workers. So let's divide this into two pieces. One, the first exercise I take most people through is I do the math 24 times seven. And then each day you need to think from beginning of your day to the end of the day. What are the things that you must do? And when I say must, again, there's two places. Like must you do it or you die, sleep, eat, get dressed. Take care of your kids, et cetera. But also must, what are the things that you need to do to put your pervure, be all oxygen mask on first? Like for most of us in health and wellness, I've got to get a workout in. I have to read. Like these are my things that I know I am not a nice person. I'm not a productive person. If I don't make time for these things on a daily or weekly basis. So it's really interesting when I take my clients through it because most of them start with things like eating, exercising. And they forget about the most important thing to put in first, which is sleep. And I tell them, you know, start with sleep. How many hours do you need? Not how many do you get? But I want you to think you fork state. I am at my best win. I get this many hours of sleep. So you start with sleep. Then you do plug in things like eating. And I make them do eating next because most of us especially moms and fitness professionals on the go. It's a bar in the car. Like, yeah, just wrong. We would never tell our clients to do that but we do it. So like, let's be real. If you really could sit down for breakfast, maybe it's just your marking 15 minutes for breakfast, 30 minutes for a lunch and hour for dinner, but your market, what are your personal moving habits? Like set aside time for that because I know I am the worst. I always like steal from my giving dressed time. I won't belabor you. But like, I stole from my giving dressed time. That's when my hair is in a fun state. I did never wash my hair. Like, I need to do a better job of that. And taking care of kids, volunteer hours. Like, what are all of the things you have to do? And so, you know, I usually take my clients through that and I show them mine. Like, when I do that, the meat days, I truly want a perfect day. I would have eight hours to work. I want a perfect day. I would have eight hours to work. And that's me accounting for sleep, eating, shuttering my kid, the things I need to do for myself, reading time for chores, stuff to do, you know, errands to run, stuff for the house. And then making sure that I also account for the fact that I'm not willing to work after a certain time of day. Okay. So that's the objective part. So I do that for weekdays. I do that for weekends because weekends may be a little bit different. And once I see that and I go, holy crap, I really, if I'm sticking to my Monday through Friday, I truly only have about 35 hours of work a week. Like, when I finally account for it all, there's really only 35. Now I need to do this subject to peace. I need to start with what's my story around the 35 because a lot of times when I take my client through this, they get real upset by the number they see. But they're like, but that's not right. And they start a racing all of the things that they said they need to do. So we have to go back and say, okay, why is this number frustrating like 40 hours a week is something that is passed down from like the Industrial Revolution? Like who's to say that's really what it is. It may be if you work for somebody else, but it doesn't have to be. So we have to unpack the story. For a lot of, you know, I work primarily with women trying to deal with this. For a lot of women, it's this mom guilt of wow, 35 still feels like a lot. Am I a good mom? This is all the time that I spend with my kids. Like, well, that's where you would unpack who's telling you that you can't work 35 hours a week, right? So sometimes moms have the opposite of the opposite reality. I also especially for young fitness professionals that don't have kids. They look at that number and they go, I'm never going to get anywhere if it's just 35. I'm in my prime productivity years, right? I don't have any, any needs, anything. And like, but do you really want to be working 50 or 60 hours? Like, you have to decide. So we have to unpack the story. And then you can go back and look at the objective and go, okay, did I did I inflate something somewhere, etc. Am I willing to work on the weekends? And you have to do some negotiating. But after that whole exercise, you have to come up with a number. And that is your number. Now, in future state conversations with my clients, I take them through, like, what does that look like during the week? What days do you work? What days do you do not? When are you actually off? How many weeks a month? How many months a year? Are you planning for vacation? But what we're trying to figure out is, like, what is your container on most weeks out of the year? How many hours do you have available to work? So that's part one. I'll pause there because that was a lot of information. How many days? But it's a lot to think about. And the way you're breaking it down, Shannon, it makes perfect sense. But I think most people are probably thinking, oh my gosh, like I have to think through all the things. Yes, it takes a little bit of effort on the front end, right? And then how about we take you to get through this first step with most people? Well, that's a great question. Most people can do it in 10 minutes. But if you really, really, really, really, really want to maximize your time, you have to spend some time with this number. So for a lot of my clients, we do the activity very quickly, first blush. And then we have conversations about it for about a week to finally come up with that number. Because there's other things you also need to account for, which is, is that you have different seasons than stage of life, ages and stages of life. Right? So it may be good for right now, but also knowing that you're going to need to renegotiate it. But again, I go back to moms, right? Like during the holidays, I have to immediately renegotiate how much time I have available to work. Because if I try to build, because think about it, we're trying to come up with a container. And if you've ever tried to put too much stuff into a container, what happens? Spills over, breaks container, lid doesn't shut all kinds of things that happen. So you have to get the number that you feel good about that takes some time. Probably about a week, I'd say if you're getting real real. And then I always suggest to people check in with that number. If you start to feel overwhelmed, if you start to feel burnout, go back and look at the number again, what's changed? Or if you start to feel apathy towards your work, or you're feeling like you're just falling face first on Friday and binge, bingeing something on Netflix all week. And like, go back to the well, look at it again. But if you do it right, it takes not too long to do the work. But then you need to sit with it for about a week and make sure you feel really confident with the beginning container size. Because that's, that is the linchpin. Like it's the cornerstone of this entire thing. Because from there, I said, most of us are problem is we don't find time to work on our business. We're too busy working in our business. So step two of TBD is you have to take that container in number, right? I've got my container number. So let's just say mine is 40. Once I do that, I need to set aside time, proactively e-tweet, to work on my business, not in my business. So I need to like, safe and out part of that container. And so if we're going back to the container analogy, right? If I'm trying to dump everything in it, and everything in it is face to face client hours. Me training a client, me billing a client, me texting with a client, me making up programs, me doing continuing education for clients, that marketing, me doing my social media. Like that's all in your business work. The day to day stuff that has to get done. But if that is taking off my entire container, how am I ever going to move my business forward? Because in order to do something to move my business forward, I've got to stuck somewhere beanie babies in the toy box. And then again, the toy box. Explode and we have a forum. So and this is what most of us do is entrepreneurs. We work our asses off during a week. And then we decide, I'm just going to wake up early for a week to get that new thing done. Or I'm going to do it on the weekend. Or I'm going to take a vacation, but during my vocation, I'm just going to work. Remember, I'm trying to teach people how to do time by design side step over one and burn out as part of that. And so you can't just keep stuffing more even if it's for a short period of time. Maybe every once in a while it's going to happen. It's inevitable. But for the most part, we want to take this container and go, okay, I'm going to carve off a percentage of this each week that I set aside to do tasks or activities that are going to proactively move my business forward. Might not make me money right now. Might not make me money next week. It may be something that's going to happen three months down the past. But if I don't do it now, it's a cramming for your final. Right? You're going to run up against your deadlines. So, you know, we want my suggestion would be to work up to about 15% of your time being set aside each week. I know for many people that feels very lofty. So use your own tricks that you use or conversations you use with your clients about leaning into a new exercise regime. Right? Like we never say, we know they probably do better working out three days of week for forty-five minutes of time hitting all of the major muscle groups, etc. But if someone has never done anything, that is like going from the couch to a marathon or smarter than that, we don't make them do that. You can't do this to yourself with time and productivity either. So a 15% feels like a lot. It's not though. It's only six hours out of a 40-hour work week. Yeah. But if you look at your books and you go, I don't have six extra hours. What do I do? I'd rather you reduce the number of hours that you choose to you proactively work on your business than adding it on top of your client hours. It's going to be a balance, right? To reduce some of your in the business work by streamlining things, outsourcing things, maybe getting rid of a couple clients. I know that sounds blessed. But you might need to to find the time. And this is like that investment to your future. But 15% would be the goal. So we take that container number 40. Multiple I have by 15% let's just say we're going for it, right? Shooting for the moon or giving us that ultimate goal. I've got six hours. Now when I take you, when you go through the worksheet that you can do on my website for free, I tell you to break that six hour chunk down into 90-minute sessions, what I call TBD sessions. Because a lot of work that you're going to do to move your business forward requires you to get into some kind of flow. Sure flow does not happen when a client cancels. Okay? You can't go from client A to client C and like oh yeah, it got 60 extra minutes. I'm going to go in the massage room and do some work. That's not what I mean. I mean dedicated time where again 90 is lofty. Maybe you don't have it set up where you can do this yet. But that's what we're going to aim for eventually. But we need longer periods of time. Where we have already thought about what we're going to do during that time and when it's going to be. We need some transition time to get out of our day to day work. Clear the deck and then sit with something whether it's researching brainstorming and we'll talk about the different kinds of work that go in here. But 90 minutes feels like a good time. Again, just like I said, if you can't get 15% I'd rather you do a little bit less and do it religiously every week. You can't get 90 minutes per session. I'd rather you shorten them up. Well, you go two ways. You can either do one that's long or you can shorten them up and do them more frequently. Really, it's up to you. But the goal would be to get those six hours into 90 minute sessions, which is four. By the way, right, is that right? Yes. Math was not my strong student college and then find the time that you can do those. From there, you've got to fit them in. And I'm not going to belabor this piece of it, but I keep using the word proactive. I was lucky to get to a place where you're setting up your weeks where you've protected time to work on your business. And the ultimate is when you realize when you can get in flow because we all have golden hours. And for me, like it changes, it depends. If I'm writing, that's early morning. If I'm creating, it's mid-morning. If I'm creating a process, it's late afternoon. I know that for myself, but that's taken decades of figuring out when I work best. Right? But I proactively protect my TVD sessions, months at a time. Not my big bar went still from the main five have to, but they are on my calendar and you cannot book around them no matter what. And I'm very bullish about it almost to the point where I get in trouble sometimes with coworkers and bosses. But I think we all need to be a little bit more disciplined with our time. Sure. We could fill up all of our hours with meetings and clients in such. So, but I get the death lofty that may not happen in the beginning. You may have to find the white spacey tweak. You may have to reconfigure some of your stuff to get in, but ultimately you want to. And then the final piece of this is just knowing what to do with it. And what you do with it, it's brainstorming, it's planning, it's researching, it's creating, it's writing, it's collaborating. But it's things that are going to move your business forward. It's almost easier to tell you what it's not. Not training a client, not programming for a client, not studying to program for a client. Now watching YouTube videos on a new piece of equipment, it's not billing, it's not marketing. It may be creating a new marketing plan, but it's not filming your, you know, social media pieces. So, that's it in a nutshell. Container size, section out the time that you're going to work on your business, get it proactively into your calendar, and then use it for the right stuff that important, but not urgent work that's going to move your business forward. I love this. So, like for a new professional, who maybe doesn't have their schedule say they have 35 to 40 hours in their container, and they don't have that full schedule, this is going to be relatively it's not easy, simple for them to plug in those hours, right? And say these are the hours, these are my six hours or even five, right? Then I'm going to plug in each week. But if somebody's more established and maybe their container is already full of an overrun it, then, right? They might, he said, make me to start trimming some fat, trying to figure out what is the most important wear in my clients, like which clients do I want to keep? At some point, right, you all have to start firing clients. And I've gotten to that point up for 13 years, yeah, where you can't do it all, so at some point, you have to let some things go, and we have to be okay with that. For a more established trainer, I think this might be a little bit more challenging. So, what if you have for somebody that experienced trainer whose schedule is pretty darn full, right? And they're like, okay, I want to put these hours in here, how do I start trimming things? How would they prioritize things? Yeah, let me see, the easiest way to do it, the least offensive would be wait for people to fall off, and then don't replace them up to the number of hours that you need to. That would be one. Yeah. Two would be looking at your current schedule and see where you can trim the fat, and trim the fat doesn't have to mean fire client chip, but we're always so accommodating, right? Like Sally wants nine to 10 and then Joe wants nine, 10 45 to 11 45. Could you ask Sally to come 15 minutes later and Joe to come 15 minutes earlier? And now all of a sudden, you've got, could we be a little more discerning with with our schedules? And here's the deal. I know we're always so scared to ask, you don't know till you ask. But you've got to create you know, something that works for you too. And then I would say using those techniques, part of the time that you work on your business, you need to start thinking about what are products that can help me streamline my business and make money without trimming time for dollars. Then you can start firing clients without decreasing your income. Does that make sense? So that may be the first thing that you decide if you're like, oh my gosh, I don't have time to work on my business. Do one of those first two things. And then you can start thinking, okay, what do I need to create? So I can make a little bit more time for space to breathe. And we learned so much from COVID guys. Virtual is here to stay. Even if you could figure out how to replace 5% of your income with something virtual that works for you. That makes sense for you. That isn't hard for you. You would have those six hours a week to continue to iterate and innovate on your business, which is what this is all about. But the only thing I want to say, do not do this, do not read the 5AM club or whatever that book is. If you are not a 5AM person, like, don't do it. Right? Me waking up at 430 in the morning. I don't prophetize about it because that's just like I wake up naturally at 430. So I do work, but I also don't work after 530. Every. So we all have these tradeoffs. But what I don't want you to do is try to find the TBD sessions on the outskirts of your program, the outskirts of your parameters because that's when burn on happens. It's not about waking up early or working later at night or adding a Saturday or Sunday. It truly is about figuring out how to keep it inside of your container. Absolutely. Now I want to revisit and closing the Jews and the dumps that you said. So what is a TBD session and what is it not again? Great. So what is not? I'm going to start with what is not. It's the worst thing, but it's the easiest way to say it. It's not training a client. It is not programming for a client. It is not adding notes in someone's chart after a client. It is not it could potentially be continuing education, but of continuing education was for something that you were going to do that is new and different. It is not necessarily continuing education for what you're already doing. You could convince me that maybe it is, but I know myself and if I let myself read everything I wanted to about business and what I do, it would take all my entire life. I would always call that a TBD session. It's not accounting, it's not billing, it's not scheduling, it's not texting your clients, it's not phone calls to your clients. It's nothing to do with things that make you money in the moment, like with your current business. What it is is vision work, vision is that 40,000 foot view, right? Like what do I want myself like what do I want myself promotion plans to look like? What do I want my marketing plans to look like? How do I want to configure my business that vision and then it's also creative work, right? So is this a new program that you're going to create and you're going to film and you're going to do? And it can be anything that is anything that is leading you to new heights in your business. And it doesn't have to be this giant leap. It could just be something, I mean, it even could be researching something to streamline your communication needs with your clients, working on something that has to do with the end of your business work. So that's like I said, it's always easier to say what it's not, it's none of the stuff you're currently doing. It's all the things that you wish you had time to do, but you don't, but you should. Yes, I love that. Yeah, and I think that clear is where you said it to me is like all the things that are going to move your business forward. Not necessarily it's going to help you right now or this week, but all the things that you wish you could do and you don't have time for it. Or share like talking to colleagues, dreaming up ideas and we're going to do another session on self promotion. Like that could be one of the best uses of your time is creating a self promotion plan so that that can be like working like clockwork in the background while you're working in your business. So you're not spending so much time on your marketing and self promotion. So lots of things can go in the bucket. It's just really disciplining yourself to not take up all of the time that you're working with things that make you make trading time for dollars, which is what most of us do. Absolutely. And guys, this is such an important conversation and that's why I wanted to have Shannon on with us to talk about this and our part two, like she said, we'll talk about some self promotion because as trainers, we get really good at the workout part, right? Oh, I don't know how to work this much so I can get you stronger faster, bigger, all these things that the business side is what we all suck at. Let's be real. We all think at it because we didn't learn this in our personal training certifications, right? We didn't learn this along the way unless you went to business school in some way, like, cool, good for you, right? But most of us didn't learn this. So this is super important information that Shannon's giving you. Now Shannon, you mentioned the free worksheet that you have at some videos. Your website is ShannonFabel.com. Nice and simple. What other resources can they find in this or are we that you want to direct them to them on that website? Yeah, that is the best place to go. And if you're interested in grabbing this worksheet in the videos that help you go through the worksheet the first time, it's just right there in the center box. Just click on it, give me your name, email, it'll come to you right away. And then there's also a knowledge center there where I've done lots of webinars and little business tips. So if you follow me on social, especially Instagram and LinkedIn, I do business tips on productivity and self promotion and business strategy for you. They're always free. I exist to help people increase their impact while sites stepping over while them burn out. And I want to give it to you because I wish someone would have done it for me. So I have suffered for you. So come grab it on my website. Those would be the best places to get more information. And always hear your questions or your need any help with this. That's awesome. Thank you for sharing that with everybody. And definitely check around on social media, you guys. What are your handles for Instagram? Is that the most active one you're on? Instagram is great. It's just S-Fable. Yeah, we'll keep it simple. Perfect. Perfect. Yeah. So definitely go check her out. You guys check out her website. Look at the videos and the handouts that she has for you and see what you can do with this information. Okay. I'm she already mentioned it. It might take a couple weeks to get everything kind of nailed down, but take the time up front to do this work. And it's going to help you down the road grow your business. And she says, work on your business. Not just to aid your business. I love that. Thanks, Annie. Yeah, thank you so much for joining us. Shannon, we'll definitely see you back with part two. So stay tuned, guys. We will have this lady back in just a minute. Thanks for watching, guys.