Welcome back everyone for another edition of I.S.S.A. talks. I have back with me an amazing guest, the Shannon Fable. Hi Shannon, how are you? Doing great. Jenny, how about you? I'm great. Thank you so much for joining us again. In our first little part, hopefully you guys got a chance to watch it, if not go back and look at it. We talked about your T.B.D. technique. Your time might design technique. How to really kind of isolate the time that you have, the time that you want to work, and then what you're doing in those hours. Super great discussion, Shannon. Thank you so much for sharing that. Now, before we dive into a little bit more on what we can do as fitness professionals to grow our business, tell our viewers a little bit about yourself. What's a fun fact about you? We know your process of productivity and doing the best you can with your time. What else can we know about fun fact? Let's see. I've got a couple. One, I worked for Roger Stobach. If you're a big Dallas Cowboys fan, that might be exciting. I was in the opening ceremonies of the Olympics when the Olympics were in Atlanta in 1996. So now I'm dating myself, whatever. Yeah, I've been in the health and wellness industry for 25 years. You can go read about me. It's not that exciting, but I have fallen in love over the years. I mean, I love health and wellness, but as people have moved me into different positions that I didn't even know that I should be in, I've learned a lot about the business side of this industry, especially as a solo per newer. And just enjoy helping health and wellness professionals really tap into what can be their superpower, which is self-promotion. Absolutely. So self-promotion. What is that? Yeah, you know, when when I use the turn self-promotion, it usually evokes a lot of eye roles and a lot of apprehension, because people think of Instagram influencer. And that certainly is a type of self-promotion, but I would categorize a lot of that. I mean, that's their business, and I don't, I'm never going to neg on people that make their money being influencers in Instagram, that is a career path these days. We need to stop hating on Instagram influencer. But when I think about self-promotion, I think there are two buckets. There's shameless self-promotion. Look at me, look at me, look at me, all I've done, all I've got, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, and then there's strategic self-promotion. So we're going to talk about strategic self-promotion. And strategic self-promotion is making sure people know who you are, what you do, and why you do it so that they can find you. And you know, if you can really anchor in this thought, like as a health and wellness professional, I have no doubt you have a strong why. You have a strong conviction. Why you got into this business, why you chose the target market you do, why you do the work you do. So what I like to say to my clients is, if you're not promoting yourself, you're actually doing a disservice to the people that you desire to help. And who are you to not go out there and tell people what you do so they can find you, like flip it around on yourself. So to me, that's what self-promotion is. It's just telling your story in a way that allows people that need to find you to find you. That's it. Absolutely. So I immediately thought of like somebody who works for themselves or is an independent personal trainer, yes, you absolutely want people to know what your product research school you are and how they can reach you. But how does the apply for somebody's unit who works in a fitness facility, a health club, a gym, a studio, etc. Yeah, yeah, I mean that is, and I'm cabbier. You always have to make sure that the people that you work for, you need to get their take on what they want you to do with regards to promoting yourself. But the overarching thing is this, I always anchor my clients in the statement. This is a true, a marketing doesn't get you clients, it just gets your awareness. And people purchase proportionate, they amount of trust, they have a new or your products. So the goal of self-promotion is to build trust and credibility. So when you ask, you know, it's not, I mean, of course, it's extremely important for people that work for themselves because this is the way we market. We don't have huge advertising budgets. I can't spend a lot of money doing it. So I have to go out and I have to promote in ways that are easy and organic. But if I work for someone else, I also have a need to build trust and credibility with people that might potentially want to work because it is not a foregone conclusion that they will even take a chance on you just because they're in a gym. And I like to play out that scenario with trainers all the time, right? Like, but you go to work for a club because you think it's going to be way easier. Because the club is a fund, a fish, but it's still a fund of fish that don't necessarily have to engage with you. Yes, the sales people are going to try to get them to do a fitness consultation. I happen to not thought about the fitness consultation. A number of people that are going to say yes to a fitness consultation is small. And the number of people that are going to say yes to a fitness consultation actually show up. Given small. And the number of people that are going to do the fitness consultation show up and actually not prepare how to say no right away is even smaller. So all you're doing is hoping that other people are going to bring you bring you clients or that working the floor is going to work the magic. Like an M make you become book solid. You are delusional. So I mean, it just doesn't happen. And there's a million reasons why, but even more so now and I don't want to say this to scare people. But I mean, fitness information is ubiquitous. It was before COVID, but since COVID, like you again, I'm going to say you can be a hater on YouTube, TikTok, Instagram, etc. But I can get fitness information anywhere. A lot of people now rent space and agenda come do a workout from somewhere else. So you've got to break through that noise. And part of that is building trust and credibility. So they start to feel comfortable to even come into the fitness consultation. So so many reasons why folks that work rather people need to do this too. Absolutely. And you just gave me a light bulb moment just a moment ago. And you said marketing and self promotion, marketing gets you awareness, self promotion like promotes you and like what you who you are and what you offer and how you can help people. That is so profound. Like I've never really thought about it like that. Because say for example, you work in a small studio. Right? That's small studio and that owner can market. Right? They can market a business. But all the people see is the business, right? Whatever the name of the business is, they're address their phone number. Oh, they have classes, right? Or whatever it is that you offer. They don't see you. They don't see Shannon. They don't see Jenny. They don't see John, right? They don't see the people that work in that. That's where we can step in. So I guess that absolutely makes sense if you work for someone else too, you 100% need to market yourself. Especially if there's other people there doing what you do, right? Because you need to differentiate. Yeah. And oh my gosh. I'm so glad you said differentiate. Differentiate, not compete. And there's two pieces of this when you work inside of a gym. You want, we all do the same thing. There are million people that help other people get fit, get healthy, etc. They're million people that do it through being an a personal trainer. But if you have a unique, you should have a target market. You need to know the people that you were put on the surface of the serve. And then you have to have a what? What is the number one benefit that you provide? And this combination, it still may not be unique. The unique piece is the why. And that's the story you tell when you're doing self promotion. You tell the why. And the why is about differentiating so that you can be a beacon and attract your target market that need what you're selling to come to you. I don't need to compete with Jenny. I don't need to compete with John. And I don't need to compete against my company. So I still need to be brand-alleged if I work for a club. All I'm doing is telling my story about my why and who I do my best work with so that they can find me. So differentiate, but don't compete. You do not use self promotion to talk down to other people, to explain why your thing is better. You just tell your story about your who, your what, and your why, V and. And this is how your club can stand behind you doing it. I think what clubs get nervous about when you're doing your own marketing is that you, it becomes negative to some degree if you're competing against other people or competing against other clubs or you're trying to build a brand within a brand. I'm going to talk about building a brand within a brand. I'm talking about just showing up and hey, I work for this club. I love this club. Here's why I'm here. And here's why I do what I do. If you resonate with this message on your girl, that's all you're doing is explaining that to them through self promotion. And love it. So give us some details then. How do we talk about let's I guess maybe we should separate this out. Like if you're working for yourself or independently versus in a club, would that be ideal to figure out how you can self promote, how do you do self promotion? I'm going to give you the six types of self promotion. We're talking about which ones are mandatory and which ones are not. And then there's only one place where I feel like it really matters if you work for someone or not. So I think I'll get there. You can ask any questions. So six course self promotion strategies. Three are mandatory. Three are not. I'm going to really focus on the mandatory ones. Networking direct outreach referrals. Referrals is the only one that if you work for a club or a company, they may already have that figured out. So you cannot necessarily make up your own referral strategy. But you still can execute a referral strategy because that's the number one thing we don't do is actually tell people that we have a referral strategy. I'll come back to it. Networking and direct outreach. They are similar. This is one to one communication with potential clients or people that can get you in front of potential clients. The difference being networking is ensuring that you have a strategy around talking to people that you already have a relationships with with the intent or the goal to deepen that relationship and get them into your sales cycle. Direct outreach is identifying people that you want to get to know and strategically going after creating the relationship. So someone may start out and direct outreach. The goal is to get them to networking. From networking, we get them to buy something that we're selling. Does that make sense so far? 100% you either know them or you don't. You don't know them and you don't. And I call it direct outreach. It's not cold calling. I am not a believer in cold calling. I've lots of thoughts about what is happening on LinkedIn right now. This is not about like annoying people and telling me something. Because self promotion isn't about selling. It's about talking to people building trust and credibility and offering them a solution to their problem when the time is right. So if I'm doing direct outreach, I'm not like, hey Jenny, so you're profoundly dead. It looks like you could use some help and hold on well. It's like what? Yeah. That's like it's just all the time I'm doing. All done. But it might be, hey Jenny, I checked out your profile and I went and looked all the step you do for I has to say on YouTube. It's kind of great talk show. It's amazing. I've learned so much from these three episodes. I hope we can connect. The end. And then if we connect, now maybe we do start talking. And at some point, you're talking to me about how you want to build your YouTube channel or build something that you're doing like, oh, I have a resource for you. Have you ever heard of, I do this thing, the TVD technique. I have a freebie on my website. Here's the link. Go grab it. This would help you tremendously. Here's how. So now I'm sliding into your DMs, but it didn't just like, hold tell you about something. We've been communicating and eventually, I go, hey, I've got something you might need. But I never jump more than one link in the chain of destiny at a time. And that's the thing that most of us miss is we go from like swiping right on Tinder to asking someone of a baby and get married. Like, I don't know why people think this is smart. This is just really dumb. So that's direct outreach. But networking, it's similar to what I just said. It's having a list of people that you are trying to get into a regular communication with like I mentioned to deepen the relationship. I insist my clients aim to have what I call a network of 90 list. 90 people. And again, you're never going to get there right away. But the goal is to always have 90 people. 50% of which are potential clients. Like, people that would buy something you're selling or 50% are people that could get you in front of people. Like, Jenny, you're on my network of 90. Like, you can get me in front of people that might potentially want me to help them with their business. So we're in conversation. I know you'll answer my email. I'm in a state and touch with you. And over time, maybe we figure out another way that I can do something for I associate or for Jenny in particular. But it's not about me trying to make Jenny my client. It's about reminding her out there, continuing to give her resources and information, connecting her to other people, sharing how I feel about the work she's doing. But genuinely, staying in touch with her. So that if and when the time is right, either I can ask her for help or I'm top of mind where she's like, oh my gosh, I've got another open slot for another YouTube thing. I think I should call her again. That's it. It's just staying in your sphere, right? And we do the same thing for potential clients. But we're most of us go wrong as we only focus on potential clients. And we do the fitness consultation. We follow up. We follow up. We follow up. We ignore. Yeah. The goal is to actually be giving them something to watch a state in touch with you. And that comes from this is one on one communication. emails, text, phone calls, meetings, etc. Network of Zindy, direct outreach. They're a little bit cold. You want to get them to warm. And then eventually, hopefully, we can sell them something. There are times when people will fall off the list. But I'm not going to go down that rabbit hole. Referrals, you gotta have a referral strategy. Like I alluded to earlier, all I want to make sure you know is that you have to remind people that you have one. And that means you have to ask for it. And you have to find all of the right times to ask for it, not just on email marketing campaigns, but at the end of session. So great opportunity to remind someone is, you know, you do your, you know, your body that check in, your stichoo, your evil to wherever. And your clients like, oh my gosh, I did it. That's a perfect time to say. I'm sure you have other people just like you that want their results. We've been able to get together. And you are someone I do my best work with. Who else could I do my best work with? Share this with them. Here's what you get in return. So it's not a fakely. People want to share what they learn. Right? We want to share. And word of mouth business, that is the best way to build, to build your business is word of mouth. You referrals go so far because they will, they will give you people that you'll do great work with. So those are the three. And I have a whole plan, like 15 minutes a day to super super charger offline marketing. You have to do this networking. You have to do this direct outreach and you have to do referral every single day. Every day, every day. Every day. And it can get annoying. This goes back to when we talked about time by design, working on your business. Once you set up a system to do this, you truly can. This is my first 15 minutes every day is my networking direct outreach and referral every single day. The other three. And then I'll open up to questions because I mean, I could go so deep. And there are lots of free webinars on my website about these ideas. So feel free to jump on their and grab them. But the three that are optional that really can super charger marketing, speaking, writing, and the web. Now a lot of people go, wait, did you say a web is not mandatory? I want to make sure I'm clear. Having a website if you work for yourself is mandatory these days. That's the equivalent of hanging a single on mainstream back in the old days. It just screams credibility. And it doesn't have to be a big website. It can be alienated, but people need to see that you have a strong solid foundation that you're in this for the long haul. If you work for someone else, maybe I might let that slide. But we also can't use our social media profiles as our website. So not your website, period the end. You need a landing page. But the stuff that I'm talking about that's optional with web is things like search engine optimization, paper, click, like using the web to generate eyeballs. You don't have to do that. That is totally optional. And only if you're super excited about it or you have someone that you can outsource this too. So in writing, usually for fitness people are natural. You may index towards one or the other. But speaking is what I'm doing right now. It's going to a conference and speaking for me, it's getting on your YouTube show. It's doing a podcast with ISSA. But if you're doing this in your neck of the woods, it could be speaking in a chamber of commerce event, speaking in a ptl meeting, speaking, I mean it depends on who your target audience is, but it's showing up in getting in front of other people that might want your service. So by deal with moms, it ptl events are great. Speaking of the local Jimbury would be amazing. Or if my hairdressers have some cocktail hour and she wants me to come share tips for how to manage the stress of the holidays. Anywhere you can show up and all you have to do is be there to build trusting credibility. It doesn't have to be hard or difficult work. But only do it if that's your jam. I think for a lot of fitness people speaking, homes relatively easy. And then writing maybe the thing that doesn't. For me, I love it. Writing feels really great. It's how I started my career was in writing. And so I enjoyed blogging. I enjoy writing articles for publications. How does that manifest in your community? It could be writing a column for your local paper or your local magazine, your local online magazine. This can even be things like long form posts on LinkedIn where you're prophetizing about an idea or a concept or some philosophical music that you have about health and wellness from your POV, right? But speaking and writing, these really can supercharge that trusting credibility piece. So looking for opportunities. But you've got a nail network direct out reach, networking direct out and referrals. Then you can choose one of the bottom three and add on over time. What I find is a lot of people get super excited about these bottom three. But if you don't have networking, because what do I do? If people from your show reach out to me after I do my speaking, I need to have a way that I keep in touch with them and then create a one-on-one relationship to sell them something, whether that's a free something or a paid for something. I've got to figure out how to get them into my sales cycle. So it doesn't help to do speaking and writing. You don't have those other self-promotion strategies already ready for you. And notice I haven't talked to anything about social media. That's a whole different conversation. This is all stuff that doesn't require you to be on Instagram, doesn't require you to be an influencer. It just requires you to have relationships with people and to focus on fostering those relationships. So that's it. Pretty simple. I love this channel. And what you're saying, I think a lot of people out there need to hear because I'm not a real, like, for example, our Facebook groups, which have a lot of new trainers. And the first questions they always ask is when should I set up my website or when should I set up my Instagram for my business? When should I start setting up my Facebook page? And that's the bottom three. That's kind of the bottom three. That's the last thing that you need to worry about doing to have more of a presence and make yourself known first. And anybody else who's watched any of our other, I just say talks with people who are talking about other aspects of building your business as a fitness professional. What's shared into saying is those three mandatory pieces, you guys, it's not boring. Everybody that I've spoken with about this says the same thing in a different way. You have to be able to get people into your network and build those connections and make sure that they don't leave you are and what you offer. But then you have to continue to follow up and foster a relationship with them and to share this point. It doesn't mean saying, oh, hey, I have a sale. It's black Friday. I've sailed. It's Cyber Monday. I've sailed. It's late. How are you? I haven't heard from you now. How is your, how is your daughter doing Shannon? Right? Touch face to something that you learned about that person in the conversations that you've had with them and you're more likely to get a response, which means you're keeping that relationship alive. Such a valuable tool. And to Shannon's point, even if you spent 15 minutes at the beginning of each of your TV sessions, for example, reaching out to you if you had a list of 90, you build yourself up. Big 10 people on that list tomorrow to be the next 10 people. Right? You don't need to email or talk to these people every day. Right? In fact, Shannon, when you're reaching out to people and just touching base, would you say once every couple weeks is valid or does it depend on the relationship that you have with them? Great question. Now working your goal is to be in touch every 30 days. And if you're working your networking strategy right, you won't end up being the person that has to reach out to the end of 30 days because they didn't talk to you. Because remember, the prerequisite to get on your list is that you have a relationship. So if you're on my network of 90, Jenny, and I reach out to you after this and say thank you. And you have an email me back in 30 days later. You pop up again. I'm like, oh shoot, she never responded back to my last message. I'm going to try again, try a different tactic. If it's the third time and it's been enough three months since you've responded, I mean, I'm going to move you back down on my direct outreach because I'm obviously, I actually don't have a relationship with you if you won't respond to my messages. And we don't get into a back and forth. So I either need to move you to direct outreach or take you out of my network of 90 because it's a valuable spot. It's not just about having people on there and continuing your chat, but I'm going to leave you in my keep and touch bucket. And my keep and touch bucket is my email that I send out monthly. And so I'm staying in front of you monthly. And then maybe you re-engage of me because you see something on there. But I've got, I've got a fail proof place to put you in case you're not responding. But every 30 days is what we're going for. And there are lots of, there are lots of softwares out there that will help you do this because I'm sure you're thinking, the center, like a pain in the ass to figure out, I use this as some that just tells me every day who I haven't talked to in 30 days. And I can look back at the history and go, oh, is that on me? Like did I forget to respond back to them? Did they actually text me? Or is it in fact that Jenny's just ghosting me or not answering? The other caveat I would mention is you may start this by saying by that general reach out like, hey, I haven't heard from you in a while. But the goal is to get to a place where it actually is a conversation that never ends. You're genuinely interested in what they're doing in their life. You're sharing who you know, what you know, how you feel. So we want to do things like send clippings at like an article that you read. There's a lot of times like I know who's on my network of 90. And if I'm reading an article, let's say about productivity for busy women. And I know I've got like 10 people on my list that would benefit from that article. It's me sending a link to that article with a message specifically for that. Or if I know it's their birthday or an anniversary or they've had a big milestone sharing how I feel about that. And then introductions, you can connect them and introduce them to other people too. That's another way to stay in touch. But those are the ways that you network and every 30 days is the goal for that list. I love that. And I never thought about that last one you said connecting them with other people. That makes so much sense because you might know somebody who could help this person. They told you something and you're like, you know what? I think like you said earlier, I have a resource for you. And you just pick them and now they're like coming to come back to you next time I have a question about something. 100%. 100%. I mean, I have a story. I'll leave the names out to protect the innocent. But there's some that's on my network of 90 that is very influential that I've really struggled as of late to like I don't have anything to offer her at this moment. But I know she can get me in front of a million people and I always want her my rule of mix. And I had been dropping. I know she has a studio, but it's kind of a passion project for her. Not all she does. She does a lot of other really important things in the business world. And so I started, I was at an event, a studio grow event. And I mentioned a her that I have been happy event. So all of a sudden I'm dropping knowledge about something that might be a benefit to her. Where I ended up getting a text from her like, hey, I'm really interested in learning more about this thing. And I'm like, shoot, I don't know much about this thing. I was just at it. Okay, this girl that's in my group actually is a client of this long story short, connected these two. And now we're back in regular communication for the exact reason you said she is so thankful for the resource that I gave her and for connecting with her with another studio owner that's going through the same thing. I get the benefit by proxy. Like I didn't even really have to do anything except pass on my network. So never underestimate the power of connecting people in your network for shit. I love this. Shannon, you're full of so many awesome. I wouldn't even call them nuggets. These are big boulders to me of like information that can help people and you're so concise in the way that you deliver it. Like I remember, this is the first time I'm hearing your six pillars out of your six pieces of self promotion, but I remember them all. And hopefully you do too. Of course, we'll put them on the screen again. But they're so easy to remember what other resources do you offer on your website? Payed or not that would help us as business professionals. Sure, visit ShannonBable.com. I do have a knowledge resource center that has a ton of re-information, whether I write all the time you guys. So tons of articles and blogs. I've written for industry publications about business. I have lots of free webinars that I've done that you can grab hold of and business tips short little, 60 to two minute tips that I do on Instagram every single week. So they're all archived there. You can of course follow me on Instagram for tips and tricks. But there are also some self-directed courses in there that you'll find that specifically go into this. So about the six course self promotion strategies and how to teach you that 15 minutes a day that that plan to supercharge. So if that's of any interest to you, you can grab that on my website. Love it. Thank you so much for all these resources and guys, definitely check them out because we talked about at the end of our first round with Miss Shannon. Like this is important information because we're all we all get really good at the training aspect, but we're not good at the business part. But if we can nail this part down, your career is going to not only grow, but it's going to be something different than you ever thought it could be. So the sky's the limit. Start with that TVD technique and figure out what it is that you want your business to look like and there's nothing, nothing stopping us from getting there. If you're doing the right things in your business, working on your business, not just in your business. I love that phrase. Definitely check out Shannon's bio in the description. Again, her website is ShannonFabel.com. Tons of free resources on there. And what was your Instagram again, Shannon? S-Fabel. Perfect. So definitely follow your referral on Instagram. Tons of free tips. I love that you do that so much for free too because like you said, you put on this earth to help people. And you said, you're going to do it. I love it. Thank you so much for joining us again, Shannon. Of course, appreciate the opportunity. Thanks, Jenny. You bet. And thank you guys for watching. This has been a blast. Go back, watch, rewatch, take notes. Let us know your questions. Reach out to Shannon if you have any of your show. Hope you out. Thanks for watching, guys.