And we'll work back, John, we had so many questions from Friday that was the 11th of October. It was like, what month is it? 11th of October that we promised, we would come back in the answer to remaining. I think 9 or 10 questions that were here. So we don't want to skip any, we don't make sure you get through all of them. But John, let's dig in. You're ready for some office hours of your hours. Yeah, and just as a queer to my, this is the first one you've ever watched. We do office hours. We get a bunch of questions. We got about an hour, right? And sometimes we go like an hour and five. But there's still more questions and some of them are really good questions. So we just want to make sure if you're dying to hear us answer some more of these questions or if you feel like you're answering didn't get answered live on the office hours that we're doing it over here on YouTube. So that's what we're doing here. All right, John, kick us off with our first question for office hours after hours. All right, first question should my class workouts be 30 minutes with 15 minutes of stretching or should I incorporate stretching into my workouts to keep it going. So emphasizing that we're should because I don't know if there's a should like, especially with class formats. Sometimes what's going to dictate your class formats is what are people going to show up for and do because if your class is great, but there's like two people showing up. Guess what the group X directors doing, they're cutting your class, right? So so you do what what people show up for now. There's definitely value in having like the work part of your workout and then the mobility or stretching part of your workout or maybe they recovery and relaxation part of your workout. So the the only thing the only piece of advice I would give is that make sure that you name the class and describe that in the class in a way that actually reflects what you're doing. Because you don't want someone showing up thinking they're doing like 60 minutes of high-intensity interval training when there's like 30 minutes of stretching and relaxation, right? So yeah, I would say there's no should just create a class format make it compelling. Have great customers to every senior classes because again, that's how you keep your classes if people keep showing up and say good things. And then just make sure that whatever the whatever your name and however the class is described is what you actually do. Love it good advice. All right, John the next one nice simple question here. Do all of the additional courses outside of the CPT program have final exams or two different final exams like the CPT has the online exam and the accredited exam. So I believe they're asking do all of the other courses like the nutritionist program they mentioned have two different final exams. The short answer is no and technically you guys the CPT course does not have two final exams. You just need to take one right whether it's the online exam or the accredited exam it is your choice. You also can take both if you choose to but you only need to take one pick one and you're certified right take the one that makes the most sense for employment meaning which is required for employment often. If you're working for someone else you need to take the accredited exam but if you don't know you should ask the employer and they will let you know. All right, but as far as the other the courses that I say offers you guys know other course has an accredited exam as of right now which is pretty common among the different agencies. So there's just the online exam that you have two attempts at for most other courses. Simple enough. Yeah, and just a reminder we say this lot but accredited doesn't mean better. Right, just means that the testing protocol is different and therefore in some cases more acceptable by potential employers. Next question. Since I have felonies on my record will I still be able to become a personal trainer the quick answer is yes. So if you're going to start your own business then then you're the one who gets to decide if you're hired and I'm assuming that you're going to hire yourself. If you're going to work for different corporations a felony will typically trigger a red flag if the background check is done and for everywhere that I've worked part of the hiring process is there's going to be a background check. So red flag in some instances may be no go. So just know that in other instances red flag might mean let's have a conversation let's talk let's let me ask you some questions and let's let's see where this goes. So again, it's it could be a no in some instances it definitely could be a yes and other instances if you're starting your own business and then again I'm assuming you're asking because you're looking to become employed and there's there's just going to be this extra whoop to jump through in order to become employed and if I were you. I would think about what are the questions are they going to ask me about this and then what are the answers I'm going to give I think that's something that's worth putting some time into. So that you can give a you know the answers that represent you the best as opposed to being asked a stressful question and having to think of an answer in the moment. And I'll tell you from my experience I have I have hired people with some felonies in their past and it was kind of the the flag came up on the background check so then we had to have some additional conversation. And so I know that as someone who's done it that I've I've hired people with felonies in their past so again just know that it can be done it definitely can be done but there might be just this extra whoop that you have to jump through. I love that and that's a good question for you to answer John too because just for insight guys John has managed and run a lot of different gyms and all clubs and he's done a lot of hiring he's hired literally. And so I love that you actually ended up answering that question John because you have a ton of insight on that one sweet. All right next one here there's a couple different questions involved this person said the gym that you tentatively want to work at after completion of your certification wants you to do a small group functional fitness or personal training group. Is this within the scope of our practice as a CPT absolutely absolutely I would say we might want to get some more information about what does functional fitness mean. Right because that means different things to different people and make sure that you feel confident and competent in teaching that style so whatever that means because it could mean like body weight only and just movement right something like an animal full class really where people are just moving or could be a weight training class or something specific and a limpent clicking that for example. Functional fitness could be a lot of different things right fitness is inherently functional so I would ask questions and be clarify what that means and make sure you feel comfortable teaching that style and if it is a style that requires you to have additional certification or get some additional education. Definitely pursue that if you want to do that does that make sense. But yes, it is within your scope guys to work in groups just know that the skill set required to work with groups whether it's groups of four to six small groups or groups that are much larger 2030 or more people. The skill set is a little different and John and I have both done all of those things. You have to know how to queue right you got to be able to communicate effectively and concisely we don't have time to have a five minute explanation in classes like that so can you queue and give information very quickly. And in an easy to understand way can you how do you manage a room with that many people right are they all doing the same thing are they doing different things. There's probably some things that you'd want to know but there are certifications that will teach you those skill sets too. So I think and John I want you to try to chime in on this one too when it comes to starting this so this person's question they want them to run a small group class for functional fitness again ask what that means. It's a matter of do you feel confident and comfortable teaching in that way right now as a CPT your have you have a ton of information in this course you guys but my advice would be if you don't feel comfortable or like you have all the information you need to teach in this way go pursue that. But you should have more than enough in the CPT what would you say John. Yeah, let's let's define like scope of practice first it's it's work it's kind of like what are you legally able to do and then you can kind of look at it like what are you ethically able to do based on your education right so that's pretty broad. So if you become a CPT it is within your scope to be the trainer for a baseball team but the next question is do you know how to do that so scope of practice and do you know how to do it those are not the same thing right like you that as a CPT now you you can do it it's okay for you to do it and you wouldn't get in trouble for doing it but would you be good at it that would be the question so. So so yeah as as as Jenny was saying. Teaching groups is different than teaching one on one you know there's a lot of practical aspects of it and if you have a group. Don't think you're just going to take your one on one skills and it's going to be the same and you're going to think there's a lot I'm going to do this cool boot camp there's going to be different stations and stuff. If you haven't thought about it guess what there's going to be things happening during that boot camp that you didn't think about because you didn't you just didn't occur to you right and some of it can just be like the timing of stations you're going to have people running into each other there it's disorganized the way that you cue certain things is going to be different. You might start to rethink teaching a complicated exercise the 10 people at the same time so again. It's definitely within your scope but I my question would be do you know how to do this other skill that that would be the real question for me. Love it well stated. The second part of this question was do I need to have done a client fitness or fitness assessment on every participant in the class before you work with them. I don't know that there's an answer to this because I mean depending on the size of the class I've had a group of 50 people I don't know that you'll be able to do a client or fitness assessment for every single person. But generally speaking to join a group class or something there's usually some kind of assessment potentially or questions asked of this person like for example John do you have any injuries that the instructors should know about things like that that are asked of your participants. But do you as the instructor need to do that with every single person no not necessarily but again I would I would definitely as somebody who has taught classes of 45 to 50 people maybe get to know the people in there. And usually if people have some kind of injury or something you need to be aware of they will tell you. But if something doesn't look right hey John I noticed you limp a little bit or like you're I noticed something might be going on with your foot right you notice they lip you don't fall it out that way. Hey I noticed it might be something going on with your left leg is there is anything I need to know. Right and you can ask questions that will kind of get them to tell you what that you need to know so you can modify adjust not have the workers hard whatever it may be. But yeah that's probably how I would go about it. Could you do it though yes will you do it every single time no. Right and you know it now one thing to add to that is. Like big group fitness classes are not necessarily the place for everybody right and if you got a bunch of injuries conditions etc. It's in your best interest to potentially work with someone on a more personalized basis now again whether not someone's going to do that or if they if they value. And if you're paying for training versus the free classes that are giving in it given in a gym that's that's going to be up to them but I do think it makes sense to at least alert people to the fact that if you've got all these injuries and you're coming into this class where I'm trying to coach 30 people. That you're not going to get the the type of attention that you're kind of asking me for so there are other options on a trainer so maybe we can we can work something out. I do think it makes sense to let them know that because their expectations may be that they heard exercise is good for their condition or exercises good for their injury so therefore I'm going to take this class that that's free to me and that will help and. That's where we can step in and let them know it could help but I mean there are some things that it might not be great for and here's some other options that way they kind of know their options. Next question oh wait was that everything on the other. What is along next one so I have seen at the beginning of every boot camp is the part where you guys talk about the difference between online test and accredited test and that most employers prefer the accredited my question is. If employers prefer the accredited what is the point and what can I actually use the online certification. So I have a question for a side from hanging on the wall so so here's a thing so we like the question was was given the other way around years ago. The question was if I just want to go in business for myself then what's the point of me taking an accredited certification. So then as a business is what we did we said you know what right there are people who want to take our certification who have no interest in going to work somewhere. So therefore they want an option for them that makes sense for them and what they're trying to do so that's what it's for. So again, if you need the accredited certification then and please do take that one and again that's what a lot of employers are going to be looking for but if you are the employer if you are self employed then use that the rules for which one. You need to have taken and if you want to hold yourself to take in the accredited and great but you don't have to. Agreed and just a reminder like John said accredited doesn't mean better accredited exam guys just has to do with how the exam is taken right the online exam is untimed open book meaning you can look at your notes and look stuff up and you can go into an out of it as much as you need to. Okay the accredited exam you can't do that you can't have your textbook with you two hours timed and it's taken with a proctor so there's literally another human being watching you take the test to make sure you're not looking up answers. So do you see why maybe a potential employer might want the accredited exam. Sure not in their head when you take in accredited exam where you can't look up the answers and you have short amount of time to take the test to them if you pass in accredited exam you know the information. That's all they're looking for it's about the way that you are being tested not what you're learning both tests cover the exact same material. So we want to make that part very very clear it's about the way the test is taken that's it so that's why we like John said that's why we give you guys options you don't have to take one of the other one is not better than the other pick the one that makes sense for what you need and move on. Okay and if you're not sure where you want to work at it might be a good idea to take both just so you have all your bases covered and again move on cool. All right another question here a couple questions in this one John what techniques can be used to identify a client stage of change more accurately so I have questions when you say more accurately what does that mean. Stages of change you guys are covered in chapter two in the textbook and it's about understanding where somebody at in the process of making a change. Do they need to be aware of something or do they there's something holding them back do they not know how to go about making a change right are they actively doing it have they've been doing it for a while. The conversations that we have with our clients in those different stages will be different right and at the end of the day the way that we've helped them understand what stage of change they are in. To help us tailor our conversations and get them the information that they need to move forward it's about asking questions. So that's all I would say here more accurately accurately than what like what do you currently doing to determine someone's stage of change would be my first question to help understand this question but it comes down to asking questions. So asking open ended questions where they actually have to give you some information not just say yes or no. So that would be my thing there John anything you want to add on that one. Yeah I mean you can kind of figure it out by looking at the definitions of those stages right. And one has is the in denial or ignorance of of a need to change something then that tells you exactly where they're at but this is only going to come through communicating with with your clients and you know if you I mean this is taking a big jump we the chapter itself just kind of slightly talks about these things there's there's whole courses on this right. So like the coaching techniques for when someone is within one of those stages of change that's that's kind of the next level stuff but you can kind of figure out little things right like if they're in denial or ignorance that a change is necessary. Well they might be short on information right so if we have some information for them then we can teach them. But again back to the question I can identify a client stage of change. We have to understand what those stages of change are in the first place and then through communication I think we'll better understand where they're at and a couple of them you don't have to identify it like if they're in the middle of doing your program they're they're taken action right so you don't have to like identify that they're doing it. Yeah agreed. Okay the next part of this question John can you explain the difference between process goals and outcome goals with some real life examples so yeah you have to understand what those are in the first place right process goals are short term goals. Outcome goals are long term goals. Okay so an analogy I give is a staircase right where you are now is at the bottom of the staircase where you want to go is at the top of the staircase. There's a lot of goals that maybe that staircase is only three steps long it's not very long it's not going to take you very long or there's now a lot involved to get to the end. There are some goals where there might be 50 steps in that staircase to get you to the end you see my point. Okay so some goals might take you a little longer than others but the process or the short term goals are hey John in the next three weeks let's get you to this point that's a short term goal in three weeks will figure out did you get there or not. But that three week goal whatever we're trying to accomplish in the next three weeks should be something that's getting you closer to where you want to be ultimately at the end of the day so I look at it is is you go up one step that's a short term goal. You went up one step success your one step closer to the end of the staircase what's your next step to your next short term goal. Cool now your two steps up your two steps closer to your end goal. Okay so in real life let's use an example of weight loss right somebody has a goal of losing 50 pounds and we determine based on knowing them based on their lifestyle their habits all the things going on in their life. This will take you six months on average right this should take you about six months if these things are all in order right so in four weeks let's set a short term goal in the next month john so right after Halloween right it's middle of October right now right after Halloween middle of November let's take a look and let's measure you let's set a goal of five pounds. That's a short term goal that's a process goal because that five pounds is getting you closer to losing 50 you might hit five pounds you might exceed it you might also not get there. Okay but now when we get to or weeks from now we assess did you get there or not if you didn't all right well let's take a look at the plan and see what might need to change or let's look at your consistency let's have a conversation about what will you back if you succeeded it awesome things like this is working let's keep going what's our next short term goal and when is that. Right versus the outcome goal is lose 50 pounds. Okay so pretty pretty straightforward on this step in the staircase john anything to add on that piece. Yeah I just I just worded a little bit differently like the outcome is like what are you trying to accomplish the processes or what are you doing. Right so you know if the outcome is I want to lose 10 pounds in two months then between so that's the outcome at the two months between now and then what am I doing so then we can set goals and with clients I used to do things like. All right month one come to the gym 12 times and that's simple that's not even really totally mapping out what we're doing but the processes you're going to be at the gym 12 times and we might even say here here's the three different days per week that you're going to come in so that we're setting the processes in motion what are you doing so we're setting goals for the action as well as goals for what we want to have happened at the end of all this. And then the last question here what are some of the effective ways to provide constructive feedback to clients without discouraging them. I love this there's no one answer to this because we all recognize that some people might be motivated by something that might discourage someone else right so it's about at the end of the day I'll keep this answer very simple delivery. Delivery how are you delivering your feedback because everyone needs it to be delivered in a very specific way. Right that motivates them that keeps them engaged that doesn't make them feel some kind of way about it. What that looks like well that's up to us to determine isn't it right and it starts with asking questions so I love this one John this is all about chapter two so to this person who asked these three questions definitely re-reach after two. Right it's all about asking questions but giving feedback to people is a good thing we want to get feedback we want them to give us feedback but we have to understand how is this person motivated. Right positively towards something is an extrinsic motivation or intrinsic right if you do this I'll give you this if you do this it's good for you right if you I'm going to take this away if you don't do it how are they motivated it's not good bad or ugly it just is what it is. And then whatever they however they prefer to receive feedback maybe that's a good question to ask John how do you like to receive feedback. Does it need to be positive are you okay if it's not so positive like do I need to wrap it up in a little bow for you. Right and that's fine but whatever they need for you whatever they say they need for me you should probably deliver it that way. What would you say for this one John because this is important we both work with a lot of different clients what would you say about this one. Yeah like I would want to like first define what constructive feedback is because it's it's what it's it again just like an our world of fitness and exercise sciences word the people say but do they actually know what they mean. And constructive feedback is supposed to be feedback that provides coaching and guidance right it's not just telling them everything they did wrong. Because if you're just pointing out everything that they did wrong all you're doing is raining on their parade right so. If we're if we're actually providing guidance then we're able to figure out okay well things and happen the way that we planned on for whatever reason. So is it a question of were we doing the right thing or is it a question of effort because then then we can start to decide where to where to coach as if maybe we weren't doing the right thing maybe we need to change what we're trying to do. It was a question of effort then why didn't the effort happen you know do we have to do we have to figure something out is not important to you right now. So this way we're actually making a plan that can guide them so again constructive feedback is not just pointing out what didn't go right. It's it's talking about the things that that didn't happen and then trying to figure out why so like I said are you doing the right things or is it a question of effort. And then coaching toward those things and providing providing a little help there also you might want to mix in some positive stuff right because I like to say praise the effort not just outcome because if you have someone that's trying hard and it didn't work out for whatever reason you still want to point out that they tried hard because. There's nothing that's much more of a bummer for a client than feeling like they're trying hard and it's not working right so you want to make sure that there's some some praise for the effort. I love that and I love when you say that to John because that matters as well you might not get to the goal like for the week right you might not have gotten to the goal but what did you do well right affirming that they did do something well and praise that effort along the way just it makes people feel seen. And so I think that's why I'm trying for some people it can be motivating otherwise a lot of people if they didn't get it 100% right that all or nothing thinking then they're like oh I'm done they throw their hands up and then they just walk away from it completely when we all know that realistically you're not always going to get it right 100% of the time. No man and that's not realistic to ask our clients to do that. Next question why isn't technique highlighted in the assessment for the squats in chapter nine. So we don't typically give people technical advice when they're doing assessments we do assessments to see how they do things now. And then over time we might give them more technical advice to make improvements but we the reason why we assess is the see who you are now so in an assessment I wouldn't give you. Technique on on your squat because it goes against why I assessing in the first place. They're great very simple answer for that one so hopefully that makes sense to over sit this one in. Okay, we have one more question I think John and I both chime in on this one great one to end on today. Are there any networking events workshops or continuing education opportunities that you recommend to build connections within the fitness community. All of them right there are tons of live events and I'll let John talk about one that he actually he he loves live events so much you guys that he like created one. For people who want to learn because there's so many things out there to learn so much information out there and a lot of people prefer to learn in in in person hands on like with other people. And continue their education that way versus reading a book or doing it online and just know those opportunities to exist one thing I would recommend if you're looking for different conferences because there's things like the fit expo that LA fit expo right. The can fit pro like which is for Canadians like all kinds of stuff all over the world not just in the US and Canada, but all you have to do is go online go to a search engine and search fitness conferences or live fitness education and stuff will pop up stuff that you were like I've never heard of this in my life right some of them will be smaller conferences like one John put on some of them will be bigger conferences that are like expo centers and and comfort centers. There's there's tons of opportunity and if you're somebody who likes to travel there's opportunities to travel most major cities have something going on bigger small. But there are plenty of ways to find education around you and I would start with a search online but John talk to us about something that you put together. Yeah, I put on something I'm Sacramento area so it was just called the Sacramento Fitness Community Summit it was a was a one day fitness education summit right for and it was for the education part but it was also for the community part right like bringing people together. To to network to do some business stuff actually I think I noticed online a couple of people who showed up met there in our dating now so we also did that. That's the connection. So we're building a lot of connections at the Sacramento Fitness community. But yeah like Jenny said you can you can just search and you'll find a lot of the big ones right and some of them might feel like wow that's like across the country. It's a big one but they're smaller ones you might have to dig a little bit deeper when you when you Google search all those big ones that are paying for advertising are going to show up at the top so you might have to scroll a little bit and then one thing I would recommend this is something that's helped me. Quite a bit is you know a lot of my people I'm connected with on LinkedIn Instagram Facebook are fitness professionals and like the first thing I ever spoke out over 10 years ago was because I was friends with someone who put. And he put a video on Facebook and said hey I'm looking for people to speak at my event here's how you apply and that's how I spoke at my first event. But then that's how I also find other events and they do happen all over the place I'm out here in California I'm speaking at something in Austin, Texas next month right and it's not a big thing it's for that particular company. But yeah it'll be cool and Jenny check this out that it's they're doing it at a retreat center so I'm going to be outside no audio visual. So I'm going to have to have some notes or something so I remember everything I was supposed to talk about. It is going to be a different event and if you know them, but I know it's Austin but I think I'll have to have my jacket or something with me. That's awesome. And it's a typical opportunity right and that might lead to something else you never know who will be at the events who might meet you see you you know expressed an interest in what you're doing or you might a lot of people will like not only dating opportunities right but. And so I think that's a great opportunity to see you might come across something we're like, oh I'm interested in pursuing that and find other opportunities as well. So yeah I love that people are asking about this John there's lots of opportunities to do live in person workshops and continuing education pursue it ask questions. Talk to other questions questions around you chances are they might know some things to but in online searches a great place to find some of the big ones. And so I think that's a great opportunity to see some of them that are virtual now so you can get continually education that way and some of them are doing like. They do little breakouts where it's kind of networking to where you get to network with other attendees or like some of the vendors so let's just say. TRX is there as a virtual vendor at this virtual event and you can log in to whenever they're doing their thing and they can talk about their products you can get their discounts you can ask them about the products so so some of them are doing it that way too. So that's a great question to end then today. Thank you guys for joining us for office hours after hours and keep those questions coming lots of great questions coming in each week John. Yeah, this is always fun. Hopefully this has been official for you guys and make you know what Jenny we're going to start doing this now if you're watching this on YouTube. If you want to go ahead and comment and say that this was helpful or not I mean I don't want to tell you how to feel. But I think Jenny and I are going to start paying a lot more attention to the feedback that we're getting from you guys because now that we're asking for it I'm kind of expecting to get a little bit more and hopefully it'll kind of shape the future of how we do these things. Absolutely I love that John. Yes, we want to hear from you guys. Did you like this was a helpful what suggestions might you have. So that in the comments underneath this video. Thanks for joining us guys and we'll see you in class. Bye everybody.