Welcome back to everyone for another I SSA talk. I feel like I've been on hate for a while, but I'm glad to be back with an amazing guest who has been on our podcast as well. So keeping ear out for the episode with American Barbell. Welcome back, Mr Doug. Could you want to how are you doing fabulous? Good to connect with you again. Always good to see your smiling face even though I know your voice is a little trash. It is. It's volleyball season. We were talking about this offline. It is volleyball season. You know, it's it's conference season for you and teeth. These and so our voices are a little sensitive instruments and mine is a little strained right now, but we're going to do this. I'm super excited to chat with you. And of course, I SSA is now developing a partnership with the American Barbell. Super great partnership. And again, it's not just so that we can chew down on horn and say we know everybody. We're offering some really great things for our students. So I'm excited for you to share more about what that partnership looks for and what our students get looks like and what our students can expect from that partnership. But Doug for those who haven't heard the podcast or who don't know who you are. Start by introducing yourself and then we'll talk a little bit about American Barbell. Yeah, so CEO partner and also the head of training and education for American Barbell. Gotcha. I always say that the industry chose me. I never chose it. I was kind of one of those athletes turned what do I do people. So I did my undergraduate work at the University of Southern California, fight on go Trojans. And I did my graduate work at Concordia. And I was always kind of one of these. One of these athletes that understood the foundational benefits of strengthening and kind of had a natural innate sense of coaching people and understanding body movement. While I also had this bias towards understanding product product development and things like that. So I literally started out as a personal trainer back in the day and grew some gym gyms together with another partner. And when I exited there became an athletic training consultant for a least Steinberg who was the Jerry Maguire, subject of the Jerry Maguire movie. And you know, have been around athletes and movement and exercise science and programming my entire life. And gosh, I still haven't woken up one day not wanting to go to work. You know, the industry really has been good to me. And it really, you know, for those of you listening, if you can sink your teeth and just programming and basic movement stuff, you know, that's really the industry's going in the whole whole strength and conditioning is coming back. And I'm so happy that it is, but you know, that's where the trends are. So yeah, super excited. Absolutely. And I agree that the strength and conditioning that focus of performance, whatever that means for someone is absolutely coming back because people want to not just live long. They want to be functional and moving like not just sitting in a chair for the last 10 years of their life. So I love that as well. So what brought you to American barbell? So I probably not late in the mid 2000s. There's that was transitioning. I was brought on as the CEO of World Gym International. And the the charge there was basically grow the franchise network and then develop something that we exploded over the course of two years throughout Canada and the US called the World Gym Athletics. And it was a combination of designing strength and conditioning rooms with metal product barbells and making it almost feel like a division one or a professional football strength and conditioning room. Because that's where I had a lot of the experience and through that got to know the benefits of American barbell. And I knew the founder in a prior life and I knew the president at the time. And the synergy was just there and then when COVID hit, I started talking to the founder and we just found, hey, this was a perfect fit for us. Let's join forces and that's what we did and that's kind of what's happened over. I would say with the course of three and a half years American barbell has really become intentionally has become a recognizable brand. But we've really innovated right we've we've brought on some very unique product and we're in it right like a lot of other equipment manufacturers like us. They're not like us we actually train on our stuff I'm training every day on our stuff I'm I'm in gyms all week I'm that guy. I'm not the guy I'm not the CEO that sits around and yes, I look at the finances of course, but I don't that's not me right and in the fact founders the same way you can find him out on the floor of our warehouse with a welding helmet on still innovating some of the best product in the world. So we're kind of the role of persuades guys that honestly do it sincerely because we just dig it we love it. I love that now speaking of the equipment dad talk to us a little bit about some of the equipment that you guys have been innovating and creating and I know a bar but our barbell's not a barbell. Right we can't say that all the barbell's are created equal so it's actually just a little bit about the difference with what you guys have created. I mean think of it when you walk into a bakery and you see a phenomenal well designed artistic cake that you don't want to eat because it looks so good and you know that the ingredients in it are amazing. That's kind of the the ethos if you will behind the product. You know the the barbell's there's a proprietary blend of the steel which is really important to know. The tolerances meaning the space between the materials that we use makes our bars extremely quiet and also they'll last a lifetime. But yet they're at an approachable price because hey, I was that guy not making a lot of money and I knew the value of value. So so we've really kind of leaned into that and keep in mind, you know we're very well known as an OEM company right so we make product for a lot of the very large chains that you know about. In some of the other equipment manufacturers that we actually make their product so we've kind of been known on that but now we're this forward facing training education and equipment innovators if you will but a lot of the bars you know polished sleeves on our barbells and you know this is something that I have. It's called a race that the barbells go inside of the very unique piece of our product that allows the rotation of the barbell inside this race. This is actually a needle bearing like a needle bar that you compete with. We tend to spend a little bit more money on these types of products that our competitors will. But we do it for a reason so I'm okay giving up a little bit of margin to you be able to provide something that's a you know it's a Ferrari at a BMW price. Or less down so yeah I mean that's that's really anything anything with our product is. You're going to find that the pedigree is the same across the board whether it be our new metal product. I mean our new honestly I wasn't going to bring this up but I will our new platform our drop zone technology is the best in the world. I encourage you to go out you can go out to most gyms now and find it 24 our fitness and a lot of the other ones that we've done but yeah I mean that's just across the board. Because we train on the stuff and we beat it up our you come into my garage gym and you'll see stuff that we're beating up right now because that's what I train on. Love it and one thing you pointed out that I wasn't aware of that you guys make equipment unbranded and sell it to other companies and I love that because they recognize that what you guys are creating is the best in superior as well. And for those of you guys who aren't familiar with that type of concept think of like I'll give you two examples. Lule lemon right we all know what Lule lemon is it's kind of a higher price point out of reach for some people but did you know. Intent wink wink you need a Costco and a lot of their athletic wear is made by you see the same lines the same stitching the same cuts it just doesn't have a logo on it. It's literally we call it loopay lemon with my friends but it's literally the same stuff without the logo on it you're welcome another great example Rolex everybody knows what a Rolex is super high end watches. They used to make the the time piece the actual mechanical parts for omega. Right my my husband's a watch guy so I know this right it matters right sometimes you don't have to buy the for. And I would say so that's so genetic at the great point because what I would also say is. If you're searching for a high quality product let's forget about fitness for the moment you probably need to do some research. Yeah do some research on the people that are making it meaning the company that's making it and if you find somebody that was making stuff like Bosch headlights is a great example right you know Ferrari or McLaren or whoever can use but they're going to Bosch because those are the best. Right and and people are coming to us you know again some of the best the equipment brands that you know are we're making those barbells and and your thing bumper plates there are but they're putting their name on it and they may be a much larger company than us right so. Yeah love that and one thing that has been always says is don't buy things from companies that don't make that thing right you wouldn't go to Gucci to buy a watch Gucci. I don't watch it. The founder of our company says in it's a thing to me goes like if you know keep in mind that fitness equipment can be dangerous. Stuff can break you know there's there's a lot of liability in it in other words. He filled fill our founders says you wouldn't go into a strip mall if you needed heart surgery would you? You know you you go to somebody that's qualified that's been around the block a few times that's experiment that's also failed. That's got to the point where they know what those ingredients should be in that cake to make it taste the best but also that's not going to kill you. Yeah, that that part. This is not home in a diet to dig. Oh, no not at all. I love it so you mentioned the drop zone technology the barbells of course the bumper plates. What other types of equipment what other pieces you guys have? Probably the the most well known for a lot of new that are listening you could probably go into any planet fitness and see it you know we have something called a series one dumbbell it's actually patented dumbbell. We always say the more you drop it the stronger it gets it's a splined patented technology. That doesn't even really technically require a bolt on the dumbbell head to keep the dumbbell on it's a Euro thing dumbbell. We make them for all the Marines for example there's been gosh I don't know the exact number now well over two million pairs made with. I don't know one or two returns maybe. Nice so again it's just part of the pedigree of the product and now that we're. kind of resuscitating strength and conditioning in the industry we've really leaned into the metal product I think the industry you know the whole functional training thing is. I don't really know if I understand the word functional anyway. I'm using it isn't it all functional. Yeah, I think that I'm glad to see strength and conditioning coming back and it and that just lends that that's our wheelhouse that's what we do. I'm not going to make an electrical treadmill right I'll call my buddy Paul over an aerosol and he can take care of you for that but for me it's it's we're going to stay doing the what we're good at right not going to go out. I'm not going to try to make stuff we're not good at absolutely so I love the fact that that everything is so sturdy the more you use it the better it gets kind of like ages like fine wine and I love that the way you work in a commercial space which is why you guys are in so many commercial spaces and showing up everywhere. I see you guys everywhere all the gyms that I go to L.A. fitness in the village here in Arizona. Your stuff is everywhere which is awesome and a lot of high-cutchen environment right a lot of people touching it messing with it using it correctly or not who knows. But whether you're buying it for a commercial environment or if you're a private trainer or an in-home trainer like I do and you take your equipment with you it's valuable to have things that aren't going to break that are reliable that you know any client should be able to use. I love that. Yeah, and I think to you know my wife would love this I'm a neat freak right so so but. And so it's filled our founder we bring the same approach to to our product like I want product. That's going to look really good. 5 or 10 years or now under heavy usage and that's part of our development process. Is to assess that right I mean I've got an American barbell original we call a USMC read it's a red sericote barbell that I've had in my garage gym for seven years and I clean it I take care of it. Other than my cat sleep and on once in a while but it's you know it looks as good as it does today as it did seven years ago and all those tolerances. Everything is you know is perfect so we you know maybe that's our fault because we're going to make stuff that lasts a long time so if you buy a barbell for most of me I have to buy another one maybe that's a bad business move on our our side but no that's that's our intention is that hey we care about our stuff we want to last a long time and look good. Absolutely so speaking of we'll get to I have some other courses for you about some equipment but what is the partnership with I. SSA and American barbell look like what can our students expect from. It's great it's a great synergistic relationship so we're going to help I SSA with promoting the vast amount of online seminars and certifications that you all do which I think you are the best. We are the best at doing live seminars on power lifting weight lifting we're even doing running mechanics. The coaching and leadership development is really exploding we're doing a lot of work with New York sports clubs the CEO of Bill McManamey. Great visionary so really it's elevating fitness right what I believe I SSA is trying to do and Andrew's trying to do is really elevate. The quality of fitness right not not cheap in it and so I buy into that narrative and so you know we're helping I SSA and alive seminar side and and we're feeling comfortable to say look I SSA has the power and the strength to do what you guys do best right that's that's something we don't do and we do stuff you don't do so it's it's a perfect marriage. Amazing so as far as the live sessions that you guys have and the equipment are there any discounts being offered to the I SSA student or member. Yeah um. It varies from 10 to 20 percent right which is really good by the way but you guys have a code as I SSA members and all that so yeah that's all available and you can just hit the website for that. Perfect and we will link that in the description of this episode guys so you have all the information that you need to log in and get access to that discount because who doesn't love a good discount. Sure I love that so those of you guys who are looking for your own equipment or equipment that you can use at clients because again that hybrid training or in person where you bring your equipment and stuff again that's my specialty it's becoming a lot bigger and we can still take a good. The nice the nice thing with us is that we've. We own our own factory as well so we we there's a lot of other things like you know slam ball med ball. All the stuff that you really need to completely outfit something we've evolved into that so it's not like you have to go to you know 20 different places it's all kind of under one roof and that was kind of our intention anyway. But I you know I was on that side of the fence for a long time I understand it it's not very fun to have to source multiple different products and then you're paying more for shipping and everything else. Oh yeah I know all about that because what it took me six years to build but I have been my garage right now. And it's a lot of equipment that I carry with me for my athletes and my clients and yeah sourcing it finding it finding it the right price and yeah shipping especially on the heavy stuff. Well that's it you can double your cost doing that way and that's right for multiple places yeah I get to be really expensive for sure. Well we're good because we're shipping out of we have warehouse and Las Vegas and Memphis so depending upon where people live it actually saves a little bit of money to because you're not. Slying something from the place out of California for example and shipping into New York which is really expensive. Mm-hmm absolutely that makes perfect sense. Yeah, now Doug as far as the equipment goes is there any single piece of equipment single piece of equipment that you would recommend any for any trainer use with any client or have themselves. This is one of my favorite questions. Nice. So there's one piece of equipment and I was trying people for a long time that you should have if you wanted to do the most variety of exercises. Squat press deadlift and it's a barbell. It really is right and I mean not just because I'm a barbell guy but what can't you I mean anything from a good morning to a deadlift to a squat to a press to a clean you could curl with it you could lunge you could I mean there's so many things you can do and and oh by the way If you're training correctly you should be getting stronger you should be moving more load and you can just keep putting more load on a barbell. So yeah I would say a barbell by far and outside of that obviously I'm gonna say a pair of dumbbells so you know I wish when I travel because I travel a lot that I could find more barbells in hotel jams but usually I go straight to the dumbbells so I would say it's one of those two pieces. Amazing and that that aligns actually very closely that's what I was gonna say next is the exercise variety. Yes variety is great too much variety not so great right that's just like a human thing but the two pieces of equipment you just named the barbell and the dumbbell you have some pretty massive exercise variety that you can do with those two pieces of equipment. Is there anything else that you would add? The only thing I would add from a personal trainer or coach perspective is I think what I see when I go into a lot of jams I see Focus on the barbell and the dumbbell stuff I see a lot of trainers that are trying to almost I don't want to say make up exercises but they're doing so much accessory driven movements that really don't Compliment what the person really needs most of the time from a personal trainer perspective like if you can squat press and deadlift and you just programed off of those three movements You're probably gonna be really successful and if you just focused on Skill and technique of how people move they're not gonna get hurt they want to learn more and I mean I've been squatting pressing and deadlifting for 25 years and I'm still learning all the time So I always say to be effective as a fitness professional less is more But make sure that you get those basic fundamental set and in people don't care how many exercises you know It's it's how many you can do really well and teach them how to move efficiently I think that's that's my advisement for trainers on that stuff Absolutely and all the exercises you this name their deck are great foundational exercises for human movement in general Absolutely applicable to every day life and there's no reason that every client Shouldn't be doing those things unless they have some kind of contra indication of course Does it mean that every single one of them needs to do them as happy as possible? No, that's not over say You are correct, right? We want to modify and use them appropriately because I was tell people when people say Oh, everybody should be death that deadlifting I was saying do you want to tell my 77-year-old mother with a near-place man and a bad hip that she's gonna go dead them to really have eat? I'll stand back and let her smack you We did we did some seminar a couple weeks ago in New York and Somebody said something along those lines, right and I said Which you're correct in what you said I said You can vision them out to eventually they will be dead so if I said Deadlift that doesn't mean you're pulling it from the ground you made me be doing a rack poll You may be doing some sort of modification so even though people have those injuries Limitation that they're you should still vision them out so this is where you're going with it, right? And I think that's where trainers again if you want to hold onto a client for a long time You should be visioning strategically on those things and at least hey those are your goals and aspirations, right? Just because somebody's hurt doesn't mean they can't move or reclaim a lot of that athleticism Absolutely great point Doug and is this is the kind of stuff that people are gonna learn in these live sessions, right? Wester Regress or progress some of these exercises because the variation within a single exercise or movement pattern is tremendous and there's no one way to do any of these You are correct absolutely so speaking of these live sessions. I love live education and there's Especially when it comes to equipment Doug, there's nothing better than getting your hands on it and trying it And then maybe watching somebody who doesn't Look like you isn't as strong as you do, doesn't build like you do it as well and get some tips on how to Q it because Qing that verbal part is really tough for some trainers How can people learn more about American Barboles live seminars and where can they connect with you? Can reach me anytime Doug get American Barboles that's easy you can find us on Instagram We can find we're on all the social channels. We're just roasting a lot of the seminars on our website so you'll see those And you know the live seminar thing since we've been doing them I mean the feedback we're getting is amazing because to your point You know I always say in the seminars you can't coach what you haven't done Yes, so you can read about it look at videos But until you actually you know put your hand on on a barbell and and screw up and not move well and then learn how to move well I mean and that's the stuff that makes you super valuable as a fitness professional because you you can speak from true practical experience Agreed agreed amazing so we will post the links for all of those in our description for this episode you guys We'll also share the link for ISSA partnered with American Barboles show you that link so you can see what we're offering as far as this partnership goes For those of you guys who are members with ISSA you do need to be logged in to take advantage of that discount that Doug mentioned We want to make sure we keep it exclusive over here So all you have to do is log in to your courses at ISSA trainer calm along the top You'll see the tab for professional division click on that there's a section for exclusive benefits in discount when you click there You'll see a list of all of our partners including American Barboles right there at the top and it'll show you how you can redeem that discount So Doug thank you for joining me again I know you're super busy out there in the world doing all the teaching and things Yeah, no I'm happy it's always good to talk to you your your your breath of fresh air all the time I I appreciate you appreciate what you're doing so I'm happy to come on anything Thank you so much and hopefully you guys will see me at some of these American Barboles live sessions soon Doug and I are gonna connect Yes, you're looking to work out. Yeah, but thank you guys for listening. Thank you for being a part of ISSA and will we talk into you soon guys