John, we're back so many great questions last Friday, the 20th of September that we had to come back and do some more office hours after hours. How are you today? I'm good. I'm good. We don't want to leave you guys hanging. There are plenty of good questions that are worth us answering, not just for the question to ask her, but you know for everyone else. So hopefully our answer to these questions will lead you to some good answers or maybe some different direction in the course or your career. Yes, so this year first time joining us for office hours after hours first of all welcome and welcome to our YouTube page. This is where we post these. This is gonna be I believe our fourth episode of after hours. So every Thursday and Friday depending on whether you're in the nutrition course for Thursdays or the CPT course for Fridays. We do an open office hours where we get to answer all of your guys's questions and when we have more questions that we can answer in that hour like John said. We want to make sure that we're answering your guys's questions and not just for the people asking the questions, but the answers to these questions could potentially benefit all of you guys. So we preserve some time the following Monday, which is today to answer the left of your questions and then we'll make sure to get this live on our YouTube page. We'll make sure you guys go and check out so you have everything that you need. So John, why don't you kick us off with one of the questions that we did not get to last Friday. All right, so the question says, I hear a lot about sauna or ice recovery. So basically using heat or cold for the purpose of recovery. How do ice and sauna work as recovery on our body is ice and flammatory for the muscles? How does sauna work physiologically? I know they're not for everyone. How do they help? So okay, so a lot of questions and you know this this platform isn't for us to go way in depth on all of these things, but cold water immersion and heat through like sauna or maybe steam, but usually sauna and there's infrared sunas are some of the inflammation that you create in your body inflammation has turned into a bad word, but sometimes we're supposed to be inflamed. If you just worked out you're supposed to have some inflammation and that's part of what causes some of the responses your body will have to potentially give you results. So you wouldn't want to dumb down that that inflammation. Right away. So again, just kind of understanding some of the some of the why the wind how a lot of us you can learn in our recovery course we do have a recovery course and then there's there's other sources information podcasts we've had a couple of great people on the podcast talk about ice and heat. I'm sure something we'll talk about again because it's pretty prevalent. But yeah, that can be very useful tools they're not the answer to everything like they're like you know it is kind of presented online it like cold plunging is turned into like it's own like lifestyle for some people. And I don't know if it needs to be that but it is a useful tool. Absolutely. I think that last sentence you guys that John just said is super super important it is a tool right it can be used to help improve blood flow or help with physical recovery so that you can go back and do what you need to do and continue to get your training volume in or whatever. There's I would argue that there's other things that most people probably need to focus on first before they start thinking about advanced recovery techniques like cold water immersion or sauna or anything like that right so think of some of the big ones sleep. That's kind of important not only are you getting enough sleep, but is it quality sleep right that's probably something that's more impactful for most people hydration. Are they adequately hydrated for for their activity level for their environment, et cetera their nutrition right and then are they training appropriately right so I would say there right there is four things that maybe most people probably need to maybe let's look at these things and make sure that these things are in order before we start worrying about supplements and recovery techniques and things like that because like John said it's not a magic bullet just because you do cold water immersion or just people. Because you do sauna doesn't mean you're automatically going to get these results there's other things that need to be in order as well. So love that you guys are interested in this kind of stuff, but let's focus on the big for first, but definitely do some research there's tons of information out there about a lot of these recovery methods like John said. So start digging started doing some research and if you're interested there are certifications available for this very thing. So great question John, I like that and while well answered I like that. Thank you, but you know by the way, I might be cold plunging and sauna today as a matter of fact I'm going to a new place to have all that stuff so I might I'll definitely do the sauna the cold I'll let you know. Right I know John is done cold plunging far more than I have I am a big fan of the sun and John I will do sauna every day. But that brings up another great point about these techniques you guys that John they make sense right if cold plunging could be the best thing in the world for sub an individual. But if it's something that they do once and are like yeah that sucked I don't really want to do that again and then they never really do it do you see how it doesn't matter. Because if you can't do it consistently you're not going to get the benefits from it regardless of what those benefits are and I know personally I have called plunged maybe twice John and I am not a fan so it's not something I will do regularly it's not something I'm going to force myself to do because just I don't enjoy it it's not fun for me but again sauna I'll do it all the time so I can find out more about the benefits of sauna how that would benefit me personally and I absolutely make use of that I don't mind being hot but making myself cold for no reason. Hard mess. All right our next question here it's that John in your experience how would you handle when a client gives you push back or attitude. Interesting question I have follow questions right so I'd want to know what you mean by push back. I just asking questions and maybe you don't know the answers to the questions or are they saying no I don't want to do this both of those we could work around right so if they're asking questions and you don't know the answer to the questions well then you might want to start learning maybe and figure out the answers to those questions so you can provide them and it's okay to say you know John I don't know let me get back to you. Right hopefully it's not about your programming though because if you wrote something down for programming you should have a reason for writing it down so you should have those answers already done but it is normal that our clients might ask us something where you're like oh I don't know if I have an answer for that. Right that's one form of push back but maybe it's just because you aren't aware of the answer but if it's somebody when they were talking about push back here John if somebody says I don't like this no John I'm not going to do that. I don't know that that's really push back that's them giving you feedback right that's that's a great opportunity to say well tell me more what about this do you not like why are we choosing not to do this. Right maybe get some more information and maybe this hurts their joints or they just don't they have PTSD from like elementary school with this whatever it is. They might have a reason for saying no I don't want to do that so I would question whether it's push back or feedback right and then attitude. I also want to know what that means to because hopefully you get to know your clients hopefully you guys build a relationship with them. So attitude I don't know what that really means like is it sass because again ask questions what what is this I'm sensing from you right. Where is this coming from are you mad at me right now like how can I change this for you I would ask questions so in my experience to answer this question how do you handle it when a client gives you push back or attitude. I would handle it with asking questions right I wouldn't take it personally but maybe it's something that I'm doing or the way that we're going about something that they just don't like and this is the way it manifests for them but if we don't ask to find out what is it that's truly going on or what is it that you dislike about what's happening right now. I feel like we can't really respond without that information would you actually want to know your opinion on this one John would you agree or do you have something else say. I would say it depends depends what you mean by push but I've never had someone say like John your terrible you suck like I've never had so I've never had to deal with that. But you know on one hand like as a coach we we we say we should encourage people to ask questions right well some people we don't have to encourage they're going to ask. So sometimes you know it's an ego thing for us trainers like why is this person questioning my techniques or why are they questioning my programming but maybe they just want to know they want to know why am I doing this this way. And you know maybe that's a little bit more challenging but it's a good way for you to be able to provide them with the answers that they're that they're looking for it is nice when clients do everything you say and like yeah you're the trainer I'll do whatever you say that's nice because it makes you're job really easy right. But sometimes some people want to know a little bit more I would be one of those clients if you had me do something that I I'm not used to doing or doing it in a different way I might ask so why are we doing it that way. And you know that that's just me looking for information now again I can't speak to every person not every client is going to be great some clients are tough and some clients are are going to have quote unquote attitude like the like the question said. You're best off like Jenny said asking some questions trying to get down to the bottom of what's going on and worst case scenario you and your client are not a good fit. And if that's the case okay there's other clients I mean it's probably a bad experience for you too if. You know if if the client doesn't seem to like the experience so you know it's it's okay to part way sometimes when it's not a good fit but like Jenny said I think it's good to ask questions when your your client seems to have some push back or some attitude. All right what you got next here says I currently work in a gym and when I tell my group to do a certain exercise I noticed that some of them can't do it correctly or just can't do it at all. My question is what can I say to make them feel not so bad for not being able to do that exercise I want them to stay confident. So. Typically when you're teaching groups you want to make sure that you're not choosing overly complicated exercise in the first place so I'll start there and then whatever exercise you give. Exercise you give you oftentimes want to give like two or three versions so that people can kind of pick which version is the right one for that meaning like the basically easiest to the medium one and the hardest one right. And then there's different ways in which you can go about giving. Feedback to clientele in a group setting depending on how large the group is here's the main two that I used there's the big coaching voice or like okay everyone do this do that your your your coaching. Everyone and then you get near that client and you get in and you say hey you know if you can straighten out those feet a little bit that'd be great things so again quiet you just get to that client give them a little coaching or. Let's just say you have someone and this was probably my main go to if someone is doing it great. And I'm just going to highlight great job Jenny great job great job with the speed great job with the direction great job with everything I say loud enough so everyone can hear and then they'll look at themselves and be like. Uh oh I'm not doing that so let me let me be more like Jenny now so. So okay that those were the two ways that I would do. Yes, I agree and for this one. I would also say and somebody we both taught in groups and I still do. If they you notice that people some of them can't do it correctly when you start teaching groups whether you know the people in the group or not no matter how long they've been doing this class. If it's your first or second or maybe third time there you might want to start by teaching them the movement the way you want them to perform it. I love what you said they're job giving them options but maybe in the beginning like we're doing a squatting movement or a lunging movement maybe the first time it comes up in them exercise you cue how you want it done alright we're going to start upright. We'll take a big step back make sure we're on railroad tracks now to balance being making sure your feet are at least hit with the part here's the option your option is you can hold on or here's the like right and then you give two or three options but you literally demo it and teach it almost every time. Eventually it'll get to the point where you're like alright all of these people have been here with me for months. Okay, we're good everybody good on their lunges. Like John said use your coaching voice right get them engaged hey everybody good on their lunges today. We're feeling good about it and have everybody physically give you some kind of cue that they're good. Alright let's go you know what I'm looking for and then I still give my cues right railroad tracks not about being right whatever those cues are that you're using. But I like what you said they're done giving people options and and don't always start with the easy one and say if you want to make it harder right the way you say it makes a difference because then what if that person's doing the easy version and everybody else is doing the harder version they're going to feel some kind of way about it right why not start with the way you ideally want it to be done option you can do it this way option you can try this and don't label it as easier easiest hardest et cetera option. Right I love that anything else that came to mind for this one John. You know let's let's just say out loud a couple of our couple of other common ways we say things in a group setting so that everyone gets gets the point and maybe gets a couple maybe a couple of pointers if you want to teach some groups. So when I would teach I would give like three different options of exercise I wouldn't necessarily say easy medium hardest here to the three versions right it would be obvious. You know if one is just a squat where your feet stay on the ground and the other one you're jumping it's clear which one's the harder one right. But I would let them know all right for each interval we got 45 seconds of work you choose which one you want to do and you can switch just do whatever you want just do any of those three but you got 45 seconds of work try to keep it moving. So that way they know the goal is to keep it moving not to just stick with one. And then there's a couple other ones like if you ever teach a large group and someone all of a sudden is leaving the group in the back of your mind is the coach you're like. Uh oh what's going on. So my Q is hey if you for whatever reason you got to leave just leave and try to make eye contact with me and give me a thumbs up if you're good. That way I know they're good because I don't want someone walking off and they got a who knows maybe they're throwing a who knows the throwing up who to I don't know. Because I'm teaching the group I can't stop the class and be like, Jenny are you all right. Okay, you know what I mean. So so I always instructed people if you're leaving if you got to leave or whatever reason just give me a thumbs up so I know we're all good and I'll see you next time. So I mean again, like you have to think differently when you're teaching groups because the experiences different the cues are going to be different. And and that's true for for the coach and for the student so if you're used to one on one like I was I had to learn all these things after having done one on one almost entirely for like seven right years. So I kind of had to learn these things you know kind of as I went and I got some good poinish from other people but you know those are common cues that you want to think about in the group setting. Absolutely yeah, I like that and John some common ones that I would use I have a very different I have a big personality and people that came to my class they knew and they came because I would I had no issues when I coach that orange theory for example at a microphone on I never turned that join off. I would talk to people with the microphone unless I was like right like John said right next to them, but generally I could be across the room and call somebody's name I knew everybody's name in my group and I would call them across the thing and get their attention make I contact with them and then give them a cue from across the room. I had no problem doing that but I also made sure that people especially new people to the group knew that that was the way that I coach because if you don't like that I might not be the instructor for you and that's okay. But this is the way that I run my room so that I'm not running all over the place trying to catch people. But that was just me but I also demoed everything every time and I asked for everybody's attention I's on me I have a demo I's on me here's what we're doing right and I would literally look around the room and make sure everybody's eyes wrong me and if they weren't I would say I'll wait. And then usually if the person next to that person who's like my papering attention right so that's just me but again, find something that makes sense for you that's comfortable for you that's comfortable for your participants and the situation that. You're in but one thing that we always teach right John and this is what I think we'll leave it here consistency right whatever it is that you do your cues the way you go about running your class the way that you warm up your class all these things we talk about being consistent. Not only for you so that you know what the structure is but also for your participants so when they show up they know what to expect from your coaching style they know it to expect generally speaking from your class they know okay when we get here. Oh I'm going to be two minutes late I know we're going to be doing the warm up. Right so they know what to expect when they come in and it's not like oh I don't know what we're doing right it's that competency competency part everybody wants to feel like they know what they're doing and if we have some kind of structure or consistency. And the way we're running things even one on one training right some kind of structure and consistency people walking and sitting alright I have an idea of what's going on. And that makes people feel safe right would you agree with that John. Yeah, I mean there's nothing really there for me to disagree with but that you know as we're moving away from this one hopefully you take away the point that teaching groups different it's a little bit of a different skill set than teaching one on one. Absolutely that's what there's certification for that. Right it's not about the training park that's what you guys are learning as is CPT's it's more about that cue and communication putting together a workout that makes sense picking appropriate exercises like John started the conversation with you'll make sure we're not doing over. Overly complicated things that we can't keep up with etc. Alright John next question here it says say your client is doing great with workouts, but isn't eating how they should be and they get upset about not seeing any progress. What is the correct or nicest way to tell them that why they aren't seeing their progress and know it's because of their feeding habits but they don't seem to understand that. So this would be a conversation right this is why chapter two and your textbook guys the beginning of this course is about communication. So if somebody is not seeing progress they know you know that their nutrition is a big part of why they're not seeing progress. What if you communicate it's a them about their nutrition and how it impacts their progress. Right hopefully that's part of your goal setting conversation helping them be up become aware of the fact that they're nutrition they're sleep by hydration and of course they're training potentially matters. So if they don't understand that and they seem to be getting mad and their nutrition is not where it needs to be. Sounds like we might as gifts something or they might not fully understand how impactful that is. So to me that's a conversation where we sit down and reconfirmed with them do they understand how impactful their nutrition is. Here's some things that I'm noticing that you're doing that might be hindering you not John you're doing this wrong John you're messing this at John you're eating like a poopo. Right it's hey we need I did you to understand that I'm pretty sure it's your nutrition it looks like this is in order this is in order. Let's take a deep look at your nutrition okay I see some things that might be holding your back here's why. Right and just make sure that they're aware that this is causing them issues and at the end of the day all we can do is bring awareness to it and explain to them here's some things that we can do to change this. Whether or not they take those steps or want to take those steps right that's a whole mother story we can't force people to do anything. But bringing awareness to it making sure that they truly understand the impact of their behaviors so in this case nutrition is step one. What we do next well that depends on what stage of changes this client in right are they ready to make the change still thinking about it etc that's why we learn these things. Because the conversations that we have how we go about coaching someone in the different stages of change will absolutely vary person to person. Okay great question. Next question so how much money could be made posting your own boot camp and what's the maximum amount of people I can train the app. I mean we can we can come up with all kinds of things with teaching a large group you can make tons of money I know that's a that's not a specific answer but there's not a specific answer to this. I've known people that used to run something called adventure boot camp and they would have like 50 60 people show up at a time like maybe 10 times a week. For like three or four months out of the year and each one of those people was paying like 199 a month to come to those sessions I remember I did the math once and I was like man I'm blowing it I should be doing that. So it depends now I will also say this though for 50 60 people they had like three or four coaches out there. Which is which is kind of best right if you're trying to give a good experience and this was an outdoor thing and they didn't even bring equipment like they have people bring their own equipment. And then there was there was something that used to do were like if once if someone showed up X amount of times and like two months and they went up prize so there was something kind of cool about it. So it can be a lot it can be a lot now if you're just trying to do more like one person teaching a group like 20 to 30 starts to get. You know it's a lot of people so you have to be pretty organized. And it depends on the space like if you're doing indoors. Then what kind of space do you have at your at the facility that you're working in. You know, do you get to do it in the blue backs room that will give you a little bit of space. So so who do I mean there's there's there's a lot of factors that play into this but if you're running this on your own you would have to consider the space you would have to consider the equipment that that you may have to bring into it or what you're going to ask people to bring into it you're going to have to consider what is it like to program and just. You know keep keep people organized when it's 10 versus 20 versus 40. These are all things that you have to think about and then the pricing the pricing is going to kind of dictate. You know what how much money you'll make and usually with this sort of thing it's more of a lower price but you're going for high volume. So again, that no specific answer there because it could it could be a lot of different things depending on size your charge rate the space you're using any other overhead you might have. And agree and the thing that I would add for this one John all great points I agree wholeheartedly with everything that you're saying. The biggest one that you mentioned that I want to harp on again is if you have larger groups say over 20 people you might need help right it depends on the it depends on the level of the participants it depends on what exactly you're doing right the more complex the work that you're doing obviously you want more eyes on people. It depends on the space that you have people are super super spread out that might be hard for one person to manage with five people or 50 people right so you might want to consider getting help. I personally run youth training groups John and my groups are between 20 and 35 kids depending on the time right I do 30 minute blocks at a volleyball club. So sometimes it's smaller groups sometimes it's slightly bigger groups and I always have at least two assistants with me right so sometimes it's super simple right super simple work where. I could technically do it myself but I still have my assistants there because the kids also connect with that other people that I have with me and we'll just mill around and help them. But some days where it's a little bit more complex but we're doing faster movements box jumps right things like that where I need or speed ladders where I need them to really master the technique. I will assign each of us something to focus on hey Kylie you're going to watch this ladder and this is what I want you to focus on with the older kids. Sydney you're going to be over here with the younger kids here's what I really want you to focus on with them and then I'm going to be right here doing this so that way we can kind of divide and conquer. But each of the groups still gets the personalized attention that they need from somebody from some adult that's in control. So no one way to go about it but it's a matter of like John said who are you training right if it's an adult when I did orange theory I could train a room of 50 adults by myself but 50 children. I don't know if anybody here's ever been in a room in general with 50 children it's a lot. Right it's a different population love that question lots of questions about group training. Yeah and maybe think of one more thing right once I'm ahead so I think the largest group I've ever done by myself is like maybe 50 and I once did that twice in the same day. And one thing I learned that day is that when you're working with 50 if you don't have like some sort of sound system then you're basically screaming for an hour straight. And so then if you have to do that twice you might start to have voice like that's a lot of screaming that's a lot of yelling and that's a lot on your voice and then also it's exhausting it's exhausting to have to. To run those things and yell that much so so something to consider if you do go with really large groups a mega phone can go a long way. Well I actually bought a megaphone down and I used it all the time except for that when I was in a gym or a space with other people training or like other teams work it didn't work it was too much. But if you're out in a park or something absolutely I agree with John a megaphone goes a long way. All right. Next question here when starting a strength training program with a client should you determine the one rep max for every exercise and then start them with 85 to 90% first and move up from there after a couple of weeks. So maybe right I'm assuming when you say strength training programming meaning training for strength maximum force development in muscles right. So strength training the intensity that we use is a percentage of one rep max so how heavy is it generally speaking yes we need it to be heavy right so 85 to 90% is the guideline the starting point for where it should be you adjust upper down from there based on the client. But determining the one rep max for every exercise I don't know if I do that there's a lot of exercises out there right we're talking about movement patterns right maybe that would make more sense hinge squat push pull lunge and locomotion right so maybe push pull squat and lunge. You can figure out an exercise or two for each of the movement patterns to eventually assess. Oh a true one rep max assessment you guys the point that I want to make here it is it is hard okay most people are not going to do it. It's too difficult so multiple rep max is that's why we talk about that in the course check that out. And where you they might view five or ten reps to failure and then you estimate their one rep max using a calculator online you don't need to do the math or there's a beautiful table that's a couple pages long in the textbook. Where if you did this many reps at this weight here's your estimated one rep max that's all you need to generally know right now would you start someone a brand new client at 85 to 90% of their one rep max I would dare say no. They might not be that strong yet right so it depends on the client it depends on what's their starting point they're training a telling them they've been training because if it's a brand new person who just walked enough the street and says I want to get stronger. That's probably not going to be the best idea right now if it's John who's been training for 25 years now. But whatever however long you've been doing a straight training that might be a little different but even then if you just met John. I trust you John but I don't know that I trust you to tell me that your deadlift is 500 pounds so we're going to start at 450. Let's start at 300 and let me see you move right if this the first time I've ever seen John move let's start a little bit lighter I just want to see you move and make sure your form is where I need it to be. Right let's make sure you actually know how to do these exercises and then we'll bump it up from there cool right so I think it really really depends you have the idea though this person is the idea of strengthening protocols yes in a perfect world. Okay but you want to pick the movements to assess for your one rep max or multiple rep max that makes sense for this person. What are they trying to improve strength on. Right give me some information here and then maybe pick one or two movements per movement pattern and you're not going to do these assessments all at up front right and might take you a couple weeks. But the biggest thing I've said it a couple times already John communication. John you wanted to get your upper body and your lower body strength better right so we have a couple assessments to do here's the ones that I would like to do for you to get your one rep max to make sure we're using the appropriate weights for you we're going to do this over the next three weeks. Right communicate it so that John knows over the next three weeks we're probably going to do multiple assessments so there's going to be some hard days in here but we're gathering information for these first couple weeks. To make sense anything else you would add for this one John. Yeah I mean. Once you've been a trainer for a while yeah I mean you should start to have a feel for some things so what I mean by that is like if you do a one rep max estimate for someone's pushing strength with like a bench press. I don't know if there's going to be a big need for you to do a one rep maximum for tricep extensions and you know what I mean like so. So if that's what you met by the other question should you do a one RM for every exercise. Definitely not because like I mean unless you're entering the bicep curl world championships or something. There's not really a big need for that whereas you know if you're trying to help a client get stronger I want to kind of know how much they can pull how much they can push. And then you're squatting and dead lifting those would become the main ones that I would I would want to have baseline for strength with and the rest we can kind of fill in the blank assuming that you know we have feel for their strength on the big movements. The next question I would like a deeper dive into the mind muscle connection so this I mean this is a great example of a very vague request. Yeah I mean who knows what exactly we want to get to here but what let's just say this the mind the brain and the muscles are inherently connected. So we know this through understanding the nervous system right the muscles aren't going to do anything unless the nervous system has them do it. So there's that. If if you're referring to getting your client in tune with how to fire a muscle in a certain way at a certain time and a certain amount that's that's practice that's I mean that's really just coordination right that's just coordination. So that's that's about practice now you know the more practice you do that have it something the more coordinated you are at repeating it and repeating it in the same way. So you know without knowing exactly what the question asker was referring to I think I might just leave it that but again yes they are connected you can't avoid it. There's certainly discussion that can be had about your psychology and how that affects your physical activity and physical qualities like performance qualities but that's that's a whole other discussion. Yeah, I think you nailed it done with the neuromuscular connection right it's coordination and that takes reps getting a muscle or too fire because the brain tells it to. Sometimes they might need to practice it to make it a better or stronger connection. Right, so yeah if somebody whoever sent that in is here watching this and the other additional questions be specific and send that back to us. The next one John is pretty straightforward are there any practice tests available so yes right not within the course you guys you have quizzes throughout the course that are 18 quizzes in the personal training course those are meant to help you not only learn how to answer multiple choice questions. And also test your knowledge on the information in each of the chapters that you go through on the way to the final exam but we do have something called a study expansion pack right it's offered through I SSA which is the only way that we can guarantee that what you're getting is associated with our material. Okay, so keep that in mind people like to go online and there's quiz let and all these other places online that say they have practice tests for I SSA guys if they were not issued by or written by I SSA which none of those other ones were we cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information you are learning. Just throwing that out there so use that's at your own discretion but the one that we do offer is do our study expansion pack and it also includes things like crossword puzzles. Which one coloring book and that make coloring books some other ways to test yourself some flash cards and things like that that are included in this so if you like to find that and get that practice exam as well. It is go to I or our website I SSA online.com at the top there will be a little search button or a little magnifying glass hit that search bar type in study expansion pack and it will pop up and you can purchase that right there on the website it will pop right into your course right away cool great question. Next question as a trainer starting out new is the best to start at a health club or a gym or independently so as a lot of you know we answer this question pretty often and the answer is depends. The way this question is where did the answer is it depends who are you you know are you like. Personal training was like my first adult job right so I'm glad I started in a gym where I never had a job before where I had to consider anything about revenues and expenses and sales and any of that stuff. So for me it was great for me to start working at health club because I got to learn a lot about the about not just the business but about business in general and then certainly about how to be a successful personal trainer. You know if you're going to be independent run your own business why are you doing it. Why are you doing it like do you think you have what it takes to successfully run your own business. Then the great you know and by what it takes I mean lots of things. There's lots that goes into running a business and there's lots of things that you have to know as a personal trainer in order to have all your ducks in a row like you're your insurance do you have a business license. Where are you doing business at is it at your home where you're going to contract somewhere and pay rent to use space because you know you need probably the equipment so you know somebody spaces that you've went out might have a equipment so. So there is no best there is no best it's what's best for you and I 100% I'll tell you it was best for me to start at a health club. Same same yeah it's a great place to learn the systems get you say everything right but it's not for everybody like John said so you have to figure out what works best for you. Great points John. Alright John the next question here what's the what is the difference in muscle fibers so I'm assuming that this person's asking about the muscle fiber types like type one type two and type there's two different types of type two type two and type two X fibers. So the difference is the energy systems that they rely on to do work that's the biggest difference right our type one muscle fibers one mile an hour slower than two miles an hour easy way to remember type one muscle fibers are slow twitch muscle fibers they rely heavily on the oxidative energy system meaning they can do a lot of work for a long time there are skeletal muscles that we can use all the time and they don't really get tired very quickly. They can last for a very long time okay our type two muscle fibers are our fast twitch muscle fibers they rely more on the ATP CP and or the glycolic energy system. Okay our type two X fibers if I'm getting this not mixed up are the more the ones that can have a little bit of oxidative and a little bit of glycolic right so they can last a little bit longer they fatigue a little bit. slower than the type two a fibers or genetic at that backwards. But the type two X and type two a fibers are slightly different as far as their metabolism so which one last longer job did I get that right type two X last longer type you a. It's going to be it's going to be type two a type you a okay type two X or the ones that are faster fatigueable that makes sense okay so our type two a fibers last a little bit longer. Then the type two X fibers but basically what's the difference in the muscle fibers the way that they go about metabolism. Just support the activities that they do so fast twitch versus slow twitch if somebody has a specific question about these. Let us know can you train all of these fibers yes absolutely the way that we train in the gym. Use this different energy systems right if it's quick powerful explosive short duration long duration somewhere in the middle right the intensity level matters. We can absolutely train the different types of muscle fibers based on the way that we're training in the gym and I love that that came up because. Guys that's really why we're learning about the energy systems because it's absolutely related to the way that we train. If you use a certain energy system a lot you might want to train that energy system at some point make it more efficient at generating energy and supporting activity. Next question what are some good conversation starters to have with your clients. So the way the question is is stated like conversation starters with your clients so this is already a client. Then to me I mean obviously you can do the basics small talk by hey do you have a good weekend great in how's the concert what I mean you can do that part with an also. Okay how things been going you know we had some homework you're going to try to go for walks at lunch how's that been going. We're able to do this I mean like if you're if you're being a good coach and you've probably done some goal setting with them there's some behaviors of trying to change so ask them about ask ask about those things and then and then you can also seek feedback to like how are things going do you feel like you know some of these goals we set for you you know they are you able to. You know are you able to kind of meet the demands of the program. You know how's your body been feeling what if they're already your client. Then I would say that you got to be talking about what you guys are working on that's that's the conversation now let's just say this is not your client and you're trying to like have some conversation starters in the gym just so that you can have more. You know more connections within that within the gym more potential leads that might turn into clients now this opens it's up to all kinds of things right like it could be something as simple as mentioning their shoes. You know I were like barefoot style shoes not the toes shoes but people barefoot and it's not uncommon for someone to say something about my shoes to me. When I'm out and about her in the gym so that usually starts a conversation but I mean you know Jenny you tell me. Conversated conversation starters with non clients in the gym it seems to me it can be about almost anything right. Yeah as long as it's HR appropriate absolutely. Yeah that's right that's right and you know here here's some example I'm trying to think of just over the years some examples sometimes someone's looking up at the TV there's a game on and so then you you that's that's obvious right you say something about the game. You see someone kind of looking around a little lost a is there something I can help you out with. That's that's an easy one right. I worked in places where he and towels like little towels so sometimes I walk around towels I've learned this from another trainers and that effect and just see if anyone wanted a towel and then that might turn into a conversation. So again it could be almost anything. So I guess it would be whatever you're comfortable with. Yeah I agree. If you have more specific questions about that let us down. John Leigh of a ride and our final question for our office hours after hours for this week. The question is what participating in the movement observation stage of the initial client interview process. Do you prompt the client to use weights for the movements for example when observing a hinge movement do you use a barbell and put that in their hands and ask them to perform a hand or should use lighter weights. Or is this all body weighted. So this is discussed in the manual. It's right there's a whole section in your course guys below all the modules. It's an additional module that you're not tested over but it's a great information to help you understand someone's purpose status and preferences as you get through the interview stage and start training a new client. Okay. This person's asking about the movement observation there's a whole guide in the whole section in the manual about this that talks about what how do you do this right? Does somebody have a preference for you know traditional exercises or maybe less traditional helping pick the exercises but generally speaking you guys when we do assessments for movement often they will be body weight right or minimal weight. Right because we're not trying to see how strong they are and how well they could move 50 pounds on a barbell we're trying to see how well they move in general. So generally speaking like if you were to do a hinging assessment you could do it with a broomstick or a PVC pipe or a dull rod that has minimal weight to it but a barbell do we recognize that barbell is already where from 35 to 45 pounds. So for some people that might be too much weight to be recognized that so using something that's similar to a barbell as far as it's shape but has a little to no weight to it might be a better if you're doing a movement observation just to see that move through this pattern. That might be a better way to go right but it also could depend you can't say John walks in and I'm like oh I want to see you squat. I don't have to do it if John is experienced right and I know John I know you can do a back squat so maybe I use a barbell. Right it doesn't have to be a dull rod but we have to know the client we have to know where they're starting from what do they know how to do right have they ever done this movement before because if they haven't I would absolutely do it unloaded to keep them safe. But there's no wrong answer here it's what makes sense for this person would you agree with that John. Yeah more or less and like you know to do something bodyweight there's nothing like. I would say it's start light right like I could do a bodyweight hinge but then if you put. 20 pounds in my hands do the hinge if there would be no difference because that's still light it's still light so like once you went to establish that someone can do the movement pattern under very little load. The next step would be what happens when you put them under load it might be a moderate load and if if their movement becomes. You know if if the movement's not so good once they're under moderate load and that tells you a little something right they may not be strong enough yet to control that movement pattern while under moderate load. So now that gives you a clue about how to train this person right you're probably going to be low to moderate load with this movement pattern. High reps in order to kind of practice the coordination of it and so basically working on like kind of muscular endurance but also movement quality. And then once you get to the point where they've done a whole bunch of reps and they seem to be progressing then that tells you. Maybe now I'm going to test them with a little bit more weight maybe a little bit more weight and then again now you're there now we've gotten better doing the movement and you've you've progressed now this is something that that is over time so. The reason I say that is because I don't want us to think that if we take weights out of our hands something magically happens and then the the bodyweight thing is. So much different than just lightweight because sometimes it's not but what what Jenny is saying is just keep it light to assess the movement but then at some point you do want to see because eventually you are planning on. Challenging the movement see how they do with moderate load maybe for some people even heavy load if the movement quality is still great then great. And then then you get to challenge this person quite a bit but if their movement quality suffers under load then you got to work to do. Yeah and that brought up an example I want to give you guys from what John saying it's I absolutely agree that what if you do a hinge assessment with somebody with a barbell or a dollar doesn't matter and their hinge is not great right well we know how to teach them right you can use the dollar you can help them strengthen the parts that they need to strengthen depends on what happens during the hinge doesn't it right if they're shoulders roll forward at their head falls forward. There's different deviations that can happen right so we would address those things based on what we see but what if this person John is training for strength right and they need to do some heavy rows and we have plans to do a bent over row which is from a hinge position but their hinge is not there yet. Well guess what guys this is why we learn movement the way that we're teaching it to you guys because there's if you want to do a row. There's 500 different ways that you could do a row most of which you don't have to be in a hinge position we can work on your hinge right client welcome back to this we're going to continue to work on your hinge and get this right but if we're looking to do a heavy row for strength training we can do it from a seated position we can do a supported face down on a bench right there's other ways that we can go about this that takes that hinge out of it. Where we can still get some strong rowing movements going but we'll work on your hinges we go right until we get you to the point like John said maybe it's in a couple weeks or a couple months where we master the hinge you feel good and you're strong in it and now we can add in the bent to a row where you're unsupported in that hinge position because your hinge has been perfected right so this is why we learn movement the way that we do there's far more than one way to do everything that we want to do so find some find another way to do it that makes sense. Great questions today John great questions any last words for this group before we shut it down today. Yeah today we we got to talk about a variety of things I like that we got to talk about teaching groups because it is a great way to kind of maximize your money making potential. In a short amount of time which is really attractive just make sure that you know what you're doing with the group because it's very different than one on one. Agreed a great variety of questions today, but again we remind you guys when you guys send in questions be as specific as possible because if we don't really know what you're asking we can't really give you the answer that you're probably looking for. So if you ask the question today that we did quite answer the way that you needed it ask us again but be more specific. All right, but thank you as always for watching this you guys we look forward to seeing you guys in the live sessions and we hope you have a good rest here at any. Bye bye. Bye guys.