Welcome back everyone for another episode of I.S.A. talks. I am Jenny Scott, Senior Content Development for you with I.S.A. and I have an amazing guest that we actually had on our podcast recently. So if you listen to our podcast, we hope you do. You've probably heard this guy. But we're going to talk a little bit more and about some different things. I have with me, Jared Cudzel, how are you, Jared? I'm doing great, Jenny. How are you? I'm great. Thank you so much for joining me again. It was a blast talking to you on the podcast. I'm super excited to talk with you again today. I'm a win-triest all week. Right? I know. And here it is a Friday that we're recording. Couldn't have ended the week any better. I love it. Let's go. So for anybody who doesn't know who you are, we share with our watchers, who you are and how you got to where you are in the industry so far. Well, I'll definitely share it. I'll just give a quick bullet point. I've been in the industry longer than I would like to admit. But it was something when I first got involved in fitness, I didn't really look at it as a full career. I thought it was just going to be this awesome job where I can train and impact other people and help them achieve the benefits that I was getting from my own training. But I thought this was just kind of a job that once you get a real job, you turn into something else. Fortunately for me, I started down a personal training at a very young age 19 years old. I got certified, but I just fell in love with the business. All through college, I got different opportunities. I got involved in management. And that just led to other opportunities throughout my career. It was always like a building block. But first and foremost, what my true love was training and coaching. And so there's been kind of a roller coaster ride to be honest with you. Because when you're in these management roles, sometimes you don't have time to do the things that you really love to do. And fortunately after a certain period of time, I was able to get back into it. Do everything I can to inspire people, motivate people and also most importantly educate people. And so I've served as a general manager for a really great organization called leisure sports. They were branded clubs sport. And then went off, tried my own thing, operating my own facility. And that was fun for a while. But really the difference maker for me is I also served as a mastermind business coach for Todd Durkin. So Todd and I go way back. And I coach for him for eight years up until recently. And coaching fitness entrepreneurs on their business. We covered everything from leadership to sales and marketing to programming to, you know, in the trenches kind of stuff, right? And so it's always awesome when you get to hang around a guy like TD. And but you know, back in 2018, I had this unique opportunity where I was invited as a performance coach for a group called Alpha Warrior out of San Antonio, Texas and served as a coach for the US Army Boston Championships in Fort Braggin, North Carolina. And what we did is we brought all of these soldiers from all around the globe at all these different bases. And this was the championship for two and a half weeks. And I had, I had the awesome crew from Bechenza Italy. These airborne just savages, you know. And so, but that's also where I met at the time. I didn't know it, but he was going to become one of my best friends, Yancy Cole. Yancy and I were both coaching throughout the 16 days of the competition. We ran first and second place with our teams and we were rumored together, right? We were in this little 16 foot RV that was, it was really tight quarters, but we just had a blast with one another and we were helping each other out with the teams as well. And from there, we just really developed a strong bond and we were always trying to figure out different ways that we could collaborate. And one day, Yancy, you know, admittedly, he sends me a FaceTime video out of an event called Hyros. And it was in Miami, Florida. And I was like, what the heck is that? I want a piece of that, you know. And so it was just this full functional fitness event. It looked like just like this crazy magical boot camp, right? And so Yancy, you know, I call him Gettie Brink, because he's on, if he has one idea, that means he's got a thousand ideas following it. And, you know, he calls me out of the blue one day and he says, hey, I got this idea. I, I like hy rocks. I love what they do, but I feel like I've got something here that maybe you and I can consume on for a little bit and beat it up. And that's exactly what we did. We just, so we came up with something called Decafit. And it was 10 functional training zones. And each zone was preceded by a 500 meter run. And so, you know, we went through all the 10 zones. Like really beat up the zones. We wanted this to be a full body functional fitness test that was basically going to be a competition or an event. Well, the other thing that was important is, you know, in order to really give this a platform, Yancy had a really strong relationship with Joe Decent of the CEO of Spartan Race. And Joe said, hey, I love the idea. What do we got to do to make this happen? And so, Yancy presented the idea to him initially and, you know, Yancy and I continue to beat up the zones. And Joe bought into the idea, thankfully, because Spartan gave us a great platform to launch the product, right? And this was back in December of 2019, just a few months before the pandemic closed us down. So immediately from Boston, you know, even in the Boston airport, I have to say this, Yancy and I were still arguing about the zones. We were doing, we were doing sit-ups in, you know, in the in the in the gate areas and so forth. And people are looking at us like, which wrong with these guys? And so, um, needless to say, we, we started, you know, scheduling events out in our first one was going to be here in Denver, Colorado. And, um, you know, we went and shook hands with a lot of jim owners and fitness professionals throughout Denver. We, and I essentially lived in Denver for three months, and introducing the idea. And we were, we were even coaching modified deck of workouts. We, um, and we were just trying to build participation for the actual event, you know, Joe had this idea and has had and Joe thinks big all the time, right? Because I want 2,500 people at this event. We're like, man, like, this, this brand isn't even breathing yet, right? But, you know, that was the goal. And we ended up having 1,200 people sign up for it. But the way we did it was, it was just relentless. We were just, you know, we were so passionate and so excited to introduce this to the world of fitness. It didn't even matter if it was this 16 hour day. We never, we were never, you know, mode in or line in about long days, and long hours are being away from our homes. And, um, you know, we also, we rented out this, um, we rented out this old abandoned team art. And this came art was in terrible condition, right? I mean, you, you, you should have been able to sign a waiver before you walked into this place. Because when it snowed, there was a good chance that that snow was going to fall through the roof, right? Yeah. But we had to come up with the concept so that we can mimic what the real deck of course would look like at the Denver Broncos training center. So we had this epic event planned at this awesome venue, right? But for now, we were bringing in club members, gym members from all over, uh, Denver and in Colorado Springs to come test it out and people loved it. They didn't care that the heat wasn't on. And this was the beginning winter. Well, and for some we started hearing about this COVID-19 thing, right? And about 10 days out, um, we officially canceled the event. I remember just being really emotional on the way home, you know, it was like, thing, you know, I thought this was going to be our thing. You know, this was going to be the thing that launches something for all levels of fitness. And, um, you know, so I got back home, I was living in Tennessee at the time with, um, my, my fiance now wife. And, um, I just thought, okay, we're going through this pandemic. We don't know if it's two weeks, two months, or however long it's going to go. Joe calls, I said, uh, geez, he's, uh, he's probably going to, you know, cut us off, you know, because of this pandemic thing. And Joe's, Joe's phone call was more like, I don't know what the hell you and Nancy were doing in Denver. But if you got 1200 people to show up on a brand that nobody knows about, what are we going to do to keep this, this train rolling? And so that's when the antsy and I started going to work on some different ideas, like, how can we support the fitness industry? How can we support these gym owners that are hurting with these closures? And so, uh, we came up with these ideas of like actually being able to host modified DACA fit events at the gyms. So we came up with two new products, uh, DACA strong, which were the same 10 functional training zones, uh, but with zero okay. And then the other one was the DACA mile, uh, where it each zone was preceded by 160 meters of running. Now, there's a big difference between the two. And I love the DACA mile because it's that nice hybrid between DACA fit, which is, which is the 5K course. Oh, no. But the DACA miles that hybrid between DACA fit and DACA strong. And you get a little bit of recovery, right, between the zones. A lot of people look at DACA strong ago. Oh, I could do DACA strong that there's no running, but there's no recovery. Like, like, you go through zone one, which, which is the reverse alternating lunge weighted, then you go into a 500 meter row. And then you're going to 20 box jumps or step up in overs, right? And your legs are just, you know, they're, they're hurting. And so, um, anyway, we just, uh, so we created those and started playing around with them. And we were able to, uh, we, we called our vendors all of the equipment netters and said, hey, the insane I are going to do a road show up and down the Florida coastline. Okay. And we're going to introduce DACA strong to all of these gyms, DACA strong and the DACA mile. We're going to do it for free. But, you know, we'll give you guys some promotion and, you know, we're going to Florida because they were on another planet during the pandemic. Yeah, right. And so we were able to do that. And we went to 14 different gyms and 16 days. And we, uh, we, okay, had these these pensky trucks going up and down. And it was awesome. People loved it. We created this, uh, we, you know, our team put together this leaderboard so that, you know, if, if Jenny performs her decades strong in 18 minutes, she's going to be up on the leaderboard. And it was defined by her gender, her age. And it just gave her something to shoot for, like, you know, and, and really, you know, we're, I know we're going to talk about this, but it gamified fitness. It showed their demonstrated exactly where Jenny was on her fitness journey at that time. And it could also serve as motivation to, because Jenny's gone, you know, when I was in Zone 7, I held back a little bit, you know, conserving for 8, 9 and 10. So I think I can do better. So we actually had people following us from city to city so they can improve what we deemed their decamark. Now we call the decamark. We call the decamark a new standard of fitness, right? Not that not, not the only standard of fitness. We're not sticking our chest like that, but it's a standard of functional fitness, you know, and it's, and we don't care how quickly you can do it, but we want you to use that as a barometer for where you are, you know, like I said, on your fitness journey to show the progress that you're making, right? And it can't view something objective to shoot for. And the other cool thing that you would get, you know, when you finish a decastron and decamile or even a decafite, you're going to get a really cool, decashered, you're going to get the metal and your name's going to be up on that leaderboard. But, you know, I know that's, that's very long-winded, but that's, that's really what we launched during one of the hardest times that I think the fitness industry has ever endured, and it just took off, you know, within a short amount of time, we had over 150 gems across the country, now, because when we came back from that trip, what I left out is that we built an affiliate program. We said, hey, if Jennings, the owner of this facility, you know, for $99 a month, she could be hosting these events at her facility, positioning her, her gym as the authority in her market when it comes to fitness and bringing all these communities together, because all the all the other gems show up for this, even the other gem owners. And they're applauding one another and bringing people together and they're celebrating fitness, you know, and I think that's what's really important. I mean, all of us can go beat somebody up, right? You know, when it comes to fitness, whether it's a hit class, bootcamp, whatever it is. But when you get to celebrate your fitness with others and like-minded people, that engagement is so invaluable. Absolutely. So, I think that's so cool, the way that you guys are able to branch this out, because a lot of people think of fitness products as like a physical thing, right? Like a ball or a fire hose or a kettlebell, but there's ideas and you guys had an idea and your chip fitness and you made it fun and you mentioned the word, let's talk about it. Game of the occasion or you mentioned sportification before we got on our call. What is that and why does it matter when we're talking about fitness? Well, I think, you know, and you know this about me already, but I think that the masters of gamification or the ones that have had the most impact when it comes to gamified fitness is my zone and I know there's other products out there, but you know, shout out to my good friends over there at my zone. Love those guys. I was an early adopter when they first, you know, were launching their prototypes. And I tell you what, right now we're hosting a my zone challenge and that's what's keeping me going every single day, right? Like I see my friends, if I see Jenny on my phone and she's getting her work out done, that's motivation for me to get my work done and I'm going to give Jenny a like, I'm going to give her a comment, you know, and if she didn't go hard enough, I might talk a little bit of trash. But you know, it's all about fun and it's that socialization, sportified fitness is something similar to that because I think, you know, and I'm guessing you think the same way, I believe all of us are athletes in this game called 100%. Right? And we forget that in sport, sometimes we never discover that interact with within us. And this is a way to rediscover it or find out, you know, that you are an athlete. And again, I think when we created something, it was for all levels of fitness and we created different bookends, you know, we've got that novice beginning, you know, fitness participant all the way to the elite athlete. And we have them all. And then we have everybody in between that is doing their best to be the best version of themselves. And I think, you know, we have people show up at these deck events. And there are some of them are just there because my friends are there and they wanted to do this and they dragged me to this. And I had a blast and I completed it and that's the mountain I wanted to climb this, you know, today or it's, you know what, the last time I did this, you know, this is where I was and this is where I want to be. So now they're competing against themselves. And what we used as our mantra and we've all heard it, but it's you versus you, right? And then we've got that other book in that says, oh, Jenny Scott, you wait, I'm going to crush you out on the court, right? So it just ran the gamut. And so when I say it's fortified fitness, it's something to train for, you know, and I think a lot of us got involved in fitness because of the training aspect. I remember the first time I got dragged to a gym was by my uncle. He was he was training for college football. I was training for for high school football. And I just fell in love with it. And I knew that if I didn't train for the sport, I wasn't going to do as well. And so DACA in itself became this sport, but it also can be deemed as a test or a competition for yourself or against others. And that's, and I think sportifying fitness is, is really important because again, I think a lot of people join gyms or they purchase personal training. And there's some great trainers that will measure that progress because we know progress and when we get recognized for it, that that gives us results, but also motivation to continue and also the discipline necessary to live a healthy lifestyle. And I don't think we do that enough in our industry. This gave us a fun way to assess and test where you are on that fitness journey like I mentioned earlier. And to me, you look at DACA as a sport. You know, that you're going to have fun doing it, especially when when you progress and you shorten down those those DACA marks. Yeah, I really like what you said about training for it because people, I tell people that all the time if we want people to be consistent, right? As a fitness professional, I want my clients to be consistent, you have to give them a goal, right? But not everybody has a goal and want to lose weight. I want to gain weight. I want to do this. I want to do that. But if you give them something to train for it like, hey, the next time we're doing your decades, it's going to be in two months. You got eight weeks to train, which part of that did you want to improve, right? And then they have focus now when they're in the gym, which is why I had bodybuild. If I'm being honest, I retired air quotes from bodybuilding. I don't know how many times over the last 13 years. But every time I go back to it because I'm like, I'm forward, I had nothing to train for. Nothing to work towards. But when you give higher sportify, you're giving them something to work for. And I think that's awesome that you guys thought about that. So you can't retore people and help keep them engaged. Well, and we, the really solid affiliates that are out there, the deck of affiliates that I'm referring to, they get that. So they're hosting six week programs leading up to their event, which builds viral, it builds more participation for these events. And these events, by the way, are just magical. I mean, they're just energy fast. And some of the great gym operators that they're out there, they've got live DJs out there, they've got vendor booth set up. So it's really cool. And then we, on top of all that, we built what we call the deck of training system that address three pillars. Okay. So workout number one for the week, you know, because we're encouraging at least three workouts a week. Number one was, was focused on strength and power. We called that deck of forge. The second one was anaerobic conditioning. We called that deck of burn. And then the third one is endurance. We called that deck of grip. You know, so it was all about, you know, branding the workouts and just having fun with it instead of being overly technical. So cool. I love that each one of who has a name. That's so sorry. And it keeps people like that. A few civil focused engaged. And they, their each workout has a purpose, which is cool. Yeah. So it's amazing. The hear the story of how you guys put this together. Again, who all started with an idea how do we get this out here at one of the hardest times in the fitness industry. You can imagine you're absolutely correct to anybody watching this that maybe has an idea like, oh, we could do this or I could do that. What advice would you give them as far as like taking that from a ceiling and how do you make it grow? You know, I, again, I've worked with fitness entrepreneurs, you know, that have their own gyms. And so fortunately, come up with these great ideas that can impact the industry. And I, I totally get it. But you have to be all in. You can't be distracted. Like if you really believe into something, that means that you might have to quit that secure job or whatever you're doing on the side or if you own a gym, you might have to find a manager to run that gym. But if you want that product, that innovation that you've created to thrive and get out there, you've got to get completely behind it. You've got to introduce it to the world. You've got to be repetitive. You've got to be consistent. You've got to be able to share the solutions to the problems that you're addressing. But you got, I guess the number one thing is you've got to go all in. You go all in on all the marketing platforms. You go in with your network. You get them behind it. You get, you know, whether it's a street team or ambassadors. You get people behind it. And I'm not talking about just influencers. I'm talking about people that are in the business of fitness that understand business that and they understand the challenges with it and they're out there speaking towards that product. But number one, you just, you have to go in and you really have to identify what the solution is to some of the problems that we face. And the thing that we felt with DACA was, hey, we're trying to get people off the couch, you know, just like the rest of the gyms. But we look at this as something inspiring. Yes, I can sit down with, you know, with my phone and track everybody's workout and or their their progress that they're making. But when I get to go celebrate fitness, that's motivational. Very cool. Yeah, you definitely have a passion for fitness and for helping people and for encouraging people and it comes across not only in when we're speaking to you, it absolutely comes across here. But in the product that you guys created, like, how could you not be motivated? Even if to your point earlier, if you're just competing against yourself, right? So say maybe you're not ready to compete against other people. You do it once. Everybody wants to improve their time. Or I slow down on this this leg of it. I can do a little bit. I know I can do better next time, right? Just like when athletes test for, for example, their 40-meter dash, right? 40-art dash. Whether you're competing against other people and being ranked or whether it's just your time, can you better? 100% of course, you're going to try and then go beat it. Right? So we know there's entities out there that it's all about the PR and so on. But I love that. That's the game of vacation piece of it. Yeah, and there's still opportunities out there, right? Would you say there's an opportunity for decades if it's a continue to grow? Oh yeah. I mean, it's, you know, I just got off the phone with you know, one of the representatives from Deca, Europe. And you know, so now it's going global. And it's, it's, it's really been impactful for those that have actually given it a shot. And, you know, there's going to be so, it's not the fit for everybody. Sure. But, but it is something that I know for those that want to impact the lives and their communities around them. It's, it's something fun, but it's also something that's going to produce results. I just don't think there's anything out there like it, just yet. I mean, you can, you can argue CrossFit CrossFit's awesome. I love CrossFit. Napserves a community, the bodybuilding community. We all have our different segments and avatars in the, the deck of community, you know, again, what I'm proud of, I'm proud of that that woman or man in their 50s or 60s and they're walking the course and they're finishing their and getting their Deca mark to me. That's, that's just, that's a true victory from my perspective as a fitness professional. Yeah. And I think we have to make it, especially strong point to anybody who has an idea or wants to get involved in something like this. There's, for you, there's no limit to who you work with, right? Because this is a product for literally anyone and how many people are on this work for right now. Like 8 billion people, you don't need all 8 billion of them to love this product. I always use the term Sama Naut all. This is great for Sama Naut for all, right? But out of those 8 billion people, if you've been captured half a percent of that 8 billion people, that's a lot of lives that you're changing. That's a great opportunity to make money, right? There's, you can be successful capturing a small fraction of that market. But if your idea is a little bit more near, I'm to say it's something for personal trainers. Well, I know I actually does a research recently. There's something like 400,000 personal trainers. They say in the US alone. So around that up to globally, there's over a million trainers out there estimated if you can reach a fraction of a percent of those million people, you can still have a pretty darn big impact. Be successful financially. Like do all the things you want to do. You don't have to reach all of them. But then you also have to do what you said, which is, figure out what are you trying to solve for? Right? What's the issue that you're trying to solve for? That nobody else is solving in that way, which you agree? Yeah. And you have to love what you're doing. You've got to, and you've got to remember your mission every single day. And again, coming from the wise talk dirt, and it's all about passion, purpose, and impact. And I think that that's what makes a world-class trainer or coach is remembering those those three pillars on every day basis. That's what gets you out of bed on those 430 AM mornings, maybe a 4-ning, maybe a 330. But man, when you get the chance to, you know, I don't really say change somebody's life, but maybe enhance somebody's life. Man, that's that's purposeful, and that's a reason to get out of bed and get after it and inspire others. So cool. And I know you've had some amazing mentors in your career. So what if somebody wants to make you their mentor, or really reach out and find out more about what you're doing? How can there be words reach you, Jay? A couple of ways emails an easy one. So Jay Cogswell at enterpriseaffleet.com. And then also on Instagram, just like everybody else, JAROD underscore Cogswell. You can find me on there. But yeah, I'm always out there helping people as much as I can. I've made more mistakes in this business than most, probably because I've been in it for a long time. And what I try to do is write those wrongs and help somebody else. I love it. Well, thank you so much for sharing that. We'll definitely make sure to put that in the show notes so that everybody can reach out to you. Well, also sure to be guys, the web address for decades, so you guys can check it out. Do you guys have any big events coming up in the near future here? Oh, there's always big events. And the biggest one coming up for DACA is the DACA World Championships in Atlantic City next month. And so it's been so fun watching all this on social people just going crazy trying to qualify for the World Championship. So, you know, and again, Spartan Race is impacting lives indoors and outdoors now, which is which is really cool. But Joe DeCentra was really gracious to give you an to an eye that that opportunity and it's amazing what it's become. Love it. Love it. Well, make sure that if you're posting on social at the World Team being tips, make sure to tag ISSA online so that we can share it with everyone. Sounds good. Well, thank you so much for sharing your story and a little bit more about how you put this together, how you've engaged people, Jerry. This has been awesome. Well, I appreciate you, Jenny. And you know what? I love watching you on social. You are a true girl. I mean, you just read and sleep fitness, but also fun. So it's been fun getting to know you too. Thank you. Yeah, I love everything I do. I tell people everything I do in life is fitness related. Even when I go to sporting events, like I go to sporting events to be like, what are the trainers doing? Like at the beginning of a sudden basketball game. I'm like, I don't care about the basketball. What are the trainers doing down there? Could you go down by the court? I know. I want to be those guys every time I see them down there. I mean, I would not hate it. Put it that way. I would not turn it down. Well, I love what ISSA is doing to the to the world of fitness and it's incredible to watch the team grow and all the great things that you're bringing to all of us. So thank you. Absolutely. And thank you, Jared. What we talking you see in first video, that one guys, if you haven't listened to this podcast episode should be out. Sometimes before this comes out, so nice picture. Go back listen for a judge episode. And let us know what you think. Thank you again, Jared. Thank you. Absolutely. Thank you guys for watching. What we talking to you, Steve?