Welcome everyone. Hello, I am Jenny Scott, Senior Content Developer with ISSA. Super excited to have you guys here for another edition of ISSA Talks. We are talking about golf and surprisingly, I know I've got muscles, but later now guys, I am a golfer and I'm actually pretty decent. I started what three years ago I think actually golfing and I'm not too shabby at it. So that's super exciting for me. But we have an awesome guest with us. We had a blast with you on our trainers talking truth podcasts recently. Mr. Greg Johnson, how are you Greg? Thank you so much. I'm great. Yeah, I love talking. So any trainer talking is my gig absolutely. But yeah, and for the record, welcome to the new now golfers have muscles. So you're good. Yeah, I know we're getting stronger. It's easy. Can crank the ball. I love it. Sure. Yeah. Of course, we want to pick your bait about golf fitness coming up here. But first, tell our viewers a little bit about yourself and the business that you built. Yeah. So if you didn't hear the trainers talk or hasn't come up yet, I didn't intend to actually get into ball fitness. So I actually started my career after I got through a community'sology planning on going into physical therapy. So when I moved out to California at 06, I actually started working for a physical therapy company that also just happened to be doing golf fitness and that company, which I still work for is fit golf. So that's kind of how I started. This was over 16 years ago. Since then, I've really gotten into personal training as well. Started as an independent contractor of my own business and I have my own facility, very max fitness. And we still run the physical program out of that. So what started as kind of like a physical therapy injury prevention rehab golf program, like obviously the way the direction that the sport went, the direction that golf fit is when a personal trainer is now the primary one that people are looking for. So we can prevent those injuries to begin with. Absolutely. And then really help people get stronger in their game. Absolutely. Yeah, everyone always wants to hit the ball further, but injury prevention is the really the name of the game is being able to play play for a long time, play for your entire life and enjoy it. Yeah, now speaking now, actually random question, what are some of the common injuries you see with golf. It's a rotation for it. So what do you see? Yeah, absolutely. I think for most amateur golfers, I think the number one and I'm sure most people agree with this is the low back. And I can say right off the bat, the two biggest issues is depending on how much we want to get into the anatomy is you're supposed to get most of your rotation from either your hips or your thoracic spine. And that's where most people are tight because they sit at some computers all day. They're struggling with their own joint immobilities. So when those two areas that are supposed to rotate do not. You're low back. That's not supposed to rotate ends up getting over torque. So that's where a lot of people just get bad back. But when you find some of the more advanced golfers, the golfers that do have better range emotion. You tend to find more. Different joints like elbows and shoulders because they're creating all this power and speed, but they may not be able to control it. You're seeing a lot with juniors going through these growth spurts and all of a sudden they can swing extremely fast, but they can't control it. So they're ending up with these little aches, pains and twinches and more like the movable joints, the wrists, the shoulders, the elbows. Sometimes even knees. So amateur golfers definitely your typical low back in like golfers elbow, but once you get up to a different level, it's kind of a different set of injuries. Yeah, I've been I've been seeing a lot of knee injuries with golfers, right? Because they don't have to either hips and then they translate that down through their like probably their feet up through their knee. Your knees aren't supposed to rotate like that. So yeah, exactly. Yeah, we don't want to either. A whole other animal, right? Love it. All right, so great. You're a golf fitness specialist. So tell our viewers what does that mean and what credentials did you earn to become a golf fitness specialist? Sure, absolutely. So I actually this, like I said, that's kind of how we started my personal training career was in golf fitness. And a lot of that was in the physical therapy component. So like number one educator is experience for sure. But way back in I want to say 2006 or 2007, I was actually an early adapter of the timeless performance system. So there are the ones that kind of first introduced me to the stability and mobility model. And as we talk about like the ankle small, the knee is stable, the hip is mobile and where we kind of got that from. So that was my first certification in sense and I've gone through level one fitness on the TPI level two fitness level three fitness. I decided to go to level two medical, not because I'm a medical professional, but it gave me a better idea of what medical professionals are doing. That way I can have that conversation with them as well. And then as they continue to build, I went through level two junior level three junior and that level two power. So all of this is under the the timeless performance system umbrella. I do have a couple other like more kind of generalized golf at the certifications, but TPI is where I got not only the bulk of my golf education. I've taken so much from TPI and just brought into general training. Aside from that, I'm a certified strength and conditioning specialist and I have a master's in community theology. And at the end of the day, I'm still training in athlete. And I think that kind of gets lost on a lot of people is I'm training a rotation athlete. So I'm going to take anything I would do working with a quarterback or a pitching coach and use that experience that I gained from that. To help golfers as well. Love it. Yes, there's a lot of different education that you have. I love that you're a straight coach in general and to your point. You should be able to train any rotational athlete not the same right, but it does to their sport. And D.I. for those of you that's interested in tireless performance institute. Definitely check out the description. I'll include the link for their programs as well because they do have a plethora of golf related programs. And you mentioned, Greg, before that they're going more towards just general sports overall, right? Yeah, absolutely. I mean, this is not a pain endorsement of them or anything. But do you think even if you don't work with golfers, it's an amazing certification. And what TPI did really well is they brought in all these experts from all these other rotational sports for baseball from hockey to throwing sports like track and field. And they said, how can we take this and get our athletes better? And then all of a sudden what they found is they had all these geniuses in the room. And I runically the with the CEO of the golfers actually on their advisory board and now they're medical advisory board as well. And now they're realizing, wait, all the stuff that we just put together can help every athlete, not just golfers. So they're starting some on-base you some tennis courses and I just think you're going to expand out into a whole other athletic performance thing. But so even if you don't train golfers, it's a great certification. Very cool. Yes. So definitely check that out. You guys. I know it's one that I've been fighting to get and make sure that I have to say pays for it. So I'm working on that one as well. Absolutely. All right. Great. I've heard you differentiate to when we're talking to you on our podcast about golf fitness and golf skill training in your role, which of these you focus on and why. Sure. Actually, that's a great question. I think it doesn't get asked enough because a lot of people think I teach golf like golf lessons and that is absolutely not the case. Hey, if you've ever seen my swing, that's probably not great. But one more importantly, when I work with a golf. I'm also working with their golf pro. I want to know what they're working with. So one number one, just as a marketing standpoint, I don't teach golf lessons because golf pros are one of my number one referral sources. So if someone is seeing a golf coach, they're not going to send them to me to think that they might get golf lessons. All right. So that's that's probably the priority standpoint right away is I'm going to stay within my my school practice. Those guys spend their entire life learning how the mechanics of the golf swing is going to make each person better. I decided to take my life and work on the aesthetic performance side. So more importantly, it's actually a team in TPI talks about this as well. It's getting that team together. Having the golf fitness professional, working in a hand with the golf pro and depending on where that person is with the medical professional in the nutritionist in the recovery specialist in the short games coach. These golfers, especially at a high level, have many different coaches and they all specialize in certain things. So my goal is I'm specifically working on the body and how to make it as efficient as possible to swing as much as possible. Love it. I love that you mentioned staying in your lane, right, working alongside everybody, but everybody stays in their lane. Right. Love it. Yes. So the game of golf is really exploded. I mean, it's been around for like ever really, really great. It's a very old game. But it's really blown up in popularity. It's all over TV now. They have contracts for that. There's the live golf thing. There's the PGA and all the different USDA organizations here in the US. What trends have you seen? No on the fitness side of this sport. Let's the skills less on the court more the fitness side. The biggest trend is fitness. Yeah. So yeah. When I started this back in in 06, it just wasn't around. Tiger Woods, a few other guys were really the one guys really like adamantly working out and have it be known. I used to work with golfers all the time and I do what's called trap art deadlifts or hex bar deadlifts. And I used to have to convince people like, no, I seriously. This is a great posture exercise and gluten power. And they're like, I don't want to do deadlifts is bad for my back. And then low and behold, Roy and Macro, I jumped on Instagram and does a 300 pound hex bar deadlift. And also everyone wants to know what that is and wants to do it as well. So I think what you're seeing more of is more of the public eye seeing what these guys do off the course. It used to just be, I'm going to hit a million balls and I'm going to get as good as possible. But now you're seeing the the Johnson's the kept because Tiger Woods getting back into the routine. Dish in both like all those guys and those guys are athletes. These are not just people who just swing the golf club a thousand times. So when you hear these guys spend like eight hours in the gym, it's not they're just like grinding away to eat it for eight hours. They're doing body work. They're doing recovery. They're doing in again recovery is actually probably one of the other big like trends. And I'm starting to see more because with the increasing golf fitness. Some of these people don't know how to recover. So now they're just going into the gym and working out nonstop. And then even the gym and going to hit 100 balls 200 balls. So this recovery aspect of it. I think the thing that's you're starting to see peak right now is there's a trend in golf swing speed. And as much as I love that and as much as everyone can benefit from more speed when it comes to playing. I think what you're seeing is there's an inadequate amount of speed training compared to stability mobility flexibility strength recovery because if you're not doing the foundational things flexibility mobility stability. And you just jump on a speed training program. You're going to end up injured. So what's happening is there's this big push and fitness. But people are only picking and choosing what they want. They're like, oh, I want to do weighted box jumps because I saw this person do it. Nobody wants to do pelvic tilt and bridges, but that's really actually what they need more. So it's making sure that people understand there's an abundance of information right now. So it's. Whether it's talking with your swing coach or personal trainer finding what you need for your game and it may not be the most sexy exciting thing in the world of the the the most crazy program. But if it gets you to hit the ball further, that's kind of the benefit. Yes, I agree with that. Completely. And that's kind of what any sport right all the other experts is I just want to go out there and perform or go faster run by a certain jump higher etc or swing faster right you do have to do all those other pieces because yeah. Nobody wants to sit on the floor and do rotations with that. It's the right. Exactly. It would be worth it. Yes, right. But that's part of what you do as a trainer right, as I've been in the coach with all you have to explain all the aspects of this to clients right. Right. And we not only do we use the 12 major tests from title is but fit golf has another gamut of tests that are a little bit more kind of on the medical side to where we're looking at a Thomas test and hip flexors and degrees of rotation and all these joints to really like break down. Okay, what is this person need? We also do and I forgot of this certification before but we use the K best, which is a 3D analysis system. Now again, I don't use that to train. I use that to correlate what we see in their swing with what we see in the test. So if I know and measure them and they can't rotate. I'm assuming I'm going to see something on the K best and it's usually going to tell me that. Whereas if they pass all my tests and they're they're swing is a train wreck, I'm going to say you need to go see a coach. I'm going to be able to help you get stronger, but you need to go see a coach. So my job is to really kind of find okay, what are your goals? Where are you currently at? What's your coach working with you on? And how can we make everyone's shop a little bit easier by giving you like maybe some of these nuggets of if you're willing to give me 15 minutes. I'm going to give you a 15 minute routine. Not everyone needs to work out for two hours every day. I actually found that just giving us a few people some foundational flexibility mobility work. I'm going to start getting the ball further. I love that. And that was actually kind of answers my next question, which is going to be what do you focus on in golf training for most people. But I guess it's going to depend on the assessments and the results, right? Right. And I mean at the end of the day it's athletic performance. I'm trying to make that person a better athlete and especially when it comes to juniors because I do work with juniors. I'm just trying to make them a better athlete at the age of 18 and 21 and 25. So I would say for most of my clientele like I work with juniors as young as eight. I work with long drive competitors, both male and female. I work with so many tour players, but my foundational clientele is my local guys, my country club members, and then the guys and girls that sit at desks all day. So mobility is probably the biggest thing that I have to tackle the most everybody is just getting out of that that flexed for computer position or kids with their cell phones constantly. It's just mobility mobility mobility and it's kind of one of those things is you could walk out of this door in a perfect symmetrical situation. But as soon as you go back to a desk, it's something that they constantly have to fight. So a lot of it's just understanding that this is a lifelong journey. You're not just doing these stretches for the next five weeks and you're good. This is what you need to do to combat unless you plan a retirement in the set of times soon. Can bat that like flexed forward position that most of our golfers are in. Yeah, when you started mentioning like flexion degrees, a flexion in your hips and through your thoracic items that I set up a little stereo. Yeah, but it feels matter. They matter for all sports more than people realize, but especially in a sport like golf, we're so precise right you can't just it's not like you're swinging a bat that's too far right you're swinging a club that's a couple inches of a face right. So you super precise with what you're doing, meaning your body needs to be able to mechanically move correctly. Yeah, and unlike a lot of other sports, this is a dominantly one sided sport. True. Even if you're playing baseball on your pitching and you're throwing, you're still moving, you're still having to run your song to change direction. Golf is just a dominantly repetitive thing over and over and over again. So you have to pay attention to your body to make sure you don't get those repetitive injuries. But yeah, absolutely. It's just kind of one of those things like we're paying attention to the body as a whole. Whatever gets them a better body to move, whether they're doing golf and other sport or just stuff in their backyard. That's going to, that's going to attribute back and forth. I love that. And I've actually never thought about it like that, right, but you put it at it's a one sided sport. You're right, even as a pitcher, you still bat, I mean, right, that you changed directions. You saw the run, right, you're still doing all these other things but golf. You thought you could run the other way. Right. And that's one of the things that we focus on in the gym and there's a lot of swing programs out there. That was originally based on Tom House's pitching protocols. And when you work speed, you swing both directions. And not because you're trying to get accurate at, like, for example, I'm a right hand a golfer. Not that I'm trying to get better and accurate at left handed. But neurologically, when your body works both directions better, your primary direction will continue to improve and get better as well. So there's, there's an absolute neurological component to that as well. Love it. Yeah, that makes so much sense. And I never thought about it like that. Awesome. Okay. So somebody wants to specialize in something like golf fitness or any sports. What advice would you give to them to set themselves apart? Well, the first, the first part of advice I would say is don't shut off golf fitness. When somebody mentioned said, I'm, I talked to a lot of trainers. I don't know what I'm working golfers. First of all, it's a very lucrative business. It's a money sport. It takes a lot of money. And there are guys that will, are willing to pay a thousand dollars to beat their buddies for 20 bucks. So so I didn't intend to get into golf fitness. It kind of fell in my lap and I just happened to have the opportunity to run with it. But if you decide to go to golf fitness, like, like I said, TPI is a wonderful resource. If you work with any rotation left, just know that you already probably have more of a background than you think. And then obviously, I still work for fit golf. I've worked for them for 16 years. Fit golf is a franchise. But even franchises like myself, we're looking for satellite locations. We're looking for employees. So fit golf is also another great resource. I'm over here in California. We have one down in San Diego. The headquarters is in control, in Pennsylvania. So we have franchises all over and we're always looking for more franchises, obviously. But even the franchises that exist, like if you're in Sacramento, come challenge me. Because I'm always looking for more people to help. I would say there's kind of a shortage of golf, and especially because a lot of people don't know that we even exist. I literally just have a conversation with someone at the day. Like I didn't even know this was a thing. And I feel like we've been around for a while. So you know, I'm not marketing right? Or we're just not getting out there. Absolutely. Yeah. So if you guys are interested in working for fit golf or franchising, check the description of this episode as well. Greg shared with us the link for the Sacramento fit golf, which is where he is. But that also can link you to the fit golf website and franchise information and employment information, right? Absolutely. And we, like I said, we've actually been doing a lot of great things with some of the franchises. So I'm not going to see here and say I've done this on myself. Fran and Dave were kind of at the corporate level. They made some great connections with the local PGA chapters. I'm now currently an education provider for our local NCPGA. So they'll come in and learn from me, the fitness stuff that they don't know, which allows me to kind of connect with them just one more way. So we've had some great opportunities here. So it gives us a little more of a system that otherwise I wouldn't have. So it's a great opportunity even though I do all my own facility. It's still fun to kind of have that kind of on the side to be that I got on that national level too. Absolutely. Yeah. Good to have connections. Remember you saying like you're not great at golf and you don't golf often, but you coach golfers. Yeah. Exactly. Once I open my business, my golf game is kind of a correlation that my golf game started going downhill. But yeah, my goal is to make other people as good as possible. I could spend five hours on the front range or five hours doing a podcast seminar or learning more to help other people. So I do that. Absolutely. And guys, Greg is a great example of the fact that you don't have to necessarily participate in a sport in order to train people that do because he also mentioned on our podcast that he's working with equine writers or horse writers, right? A question. Yep. So yeah, another random thing that kind of fell on my lap of question. And I also work with a lot of law enforcement. And I'm obviously I'm not a lot to say, they're good. I'm not law enforcement officer. I get that a lot of stuff. But it's just kind of one of those. And an opportunity to route a rose and I decided to do as much research as possible to help certain people. And like I said, with golf fitness, I actually used to play when I first moved out to California. I mean, there's no offseason that we have from Maine. We had three, three months ago. Yeah. When I moved out to California, I golfed quite a bit. But as I continue to develop in the field, I mean, golf is a time consuming sport and so is running a business. So you pick and choose like I can hold my own in the scramble, but I don't know if I'm going for any club championships and something right fair enough fair enough. All right, Greg, the million dollar question. Who is your favorite professional golfer to watch? That's kind of interesting. Golf is really fun to watch right now. And I'm not someone that was sitting front of a TV watch golf, but I personally just because I'm Irish, I do like Rory Mac Arroy, but as it pertains to what I do, the film, Michaelson kind of stands out because he's a guy that 10 years ago was doing arthritis commercial arthritis medication commercials. And then he even talks about his journey in fitness. And at the eight going into his 50s, he's now swinging faster than he was 10 years earlier. So I think that that technique makes with more people because a lot of people just assume, well, I'm getting older, I'm not hitting it as far and it's it's not because you're getting older, it's because you're not training for speed. So as a as a professional, I think, Bill McElson kind of hits hits a little harder because that that's really the direction that most golf is going is they realize and they can play better in their 50s. And I may have been that 30s. So a lot of things have changed. Absolutely. You just focus on it. I like that. He's I like him to nice my favorite golfer is Dustin Johnson. Not gonna lie your little namesake out there. Yeah, that's the thing like when they started talking about fitness and I was saying everybody's getting on this type of coach with training wants to work out and train he was one of them who did it, but he didn't get overly big like he didn't like Bryson D Shambow. He got a little too big for a while and had to cut that. Yep, right. And he's a phenomenal golfer. He's really consistent. Has a great swing. He's just fun to watch. Yeah, and I hope I'm not wrong with this. I do believe he works with Joey D. And that's actually another great resource as far as golf golf fitness. I know I know he's got at least one book out. So it's just kind of there's a lot of resources out there that really is. So it's just like taking those resources and depending where you live like I said, I'm from Maine. We don't really like all three months out of the year. There's still golfers there. And if they're not in vacation there. So. Mm-hmm. Absolutely. Nice. Well, where can our viewers find more about you? We're going to put some links in the chat, which are in the description. What's your day to look in part? Yeah, so again, my my facility is very max fitness. That's just in Sacramento. It's my own personal. It's a one out. But also if you go to fit golf or Sacramento dot fit golf dot com, those are private to easy ways to find me. My Instagram is G Johnson fit and if I still have a Facebook and I think it's auto shares, but it's great Johnson fitness. So that's usually the East Way to find me better at email. So you're welcome to go through the websites. Still working on my social media game. There we go. We got to get some you got to post some videos if you're training some golfers. That's right. Like share subscribe. There we go. Watch me. Oh, nice. Yes. I'm right. I know way back to my. Love it. Well, thank you for joining us yet again, Greg. Hopefully. Thank you. I'd be happy to. I love talking. Awesome. Well, we love having you. You've got a lot of great information to share. So you're a great resource for our students. Thank you so much, Greg. Appreciate it. Thank you. And thank you guys for tuning in. Hope you learned a lot. Watch rewatch share. All that good stuff. But thank you guys for watching. We'll be talking to you soon.