Well, hello, everyone. Welcome. We're going to give it a moment before we dig in. I know a bunch of you guys were at the door ready to go and join us. We'll introduce ourselves all these talking heads over here. But welcome to the ISSA Live Professional Panel. Super excited. This is the first time we're doing this format for you guys, but some very familiar faces. You'll see popping up to join us as we talk about health coaching career pathways today. So standby, we'll get started in about 30 seconds here. Welcome, everyone. Take a look at your screen as you're getting settled into you guys. You should have access to a chat where you can send messages to the panelists and the people that are on this call presenting for you. And there also should be a questions section. If you guys have questions for us or any of our panelists, please throw your questions in the questions tab and we will make sure to get to those as many of them as I should. We can by the end of the presentation today. All right guys, let's do this. We've got a lot to cover in this hour. Welcome in. I will introduce myself in just a moment here, but welcome to our live professional panel. You guys are going to be exploring the future of training and health coaching and some different career pathways. Super excited that you guys could all join us. I know we had quite a few people registered for this webinar. I think it's one of our best attended yet, which is absolutely amazing. You guys are all interested in changing lives, which is why I would say that all of our panelists and myself are here as well. So I want to introduce everyone that's going to be talking to you guys today, so that you know exactly who you're speaking with and you can ask the right questions of these people. I will tell you first, I am Jenny Scott. Hello and welcome. I know a lot of the names that are popping up here today. I am a senior content developer here with ISSA, which means I help create a lot of the courses that our students go through. I also co-host our podcast and teach our course material and host our YouTube series. So I'm kind of all over the place, but super excited to be talking to you guys about careers in health coaching. Health coaching is something that I personally have done in the 14 years that I have been certified as a fitness professional and I'm still working in the field. So super excited to share my expertise, but more importantly, I have three amazing guests here with me who have some great insight into different aspects of health coaching. I'm going to have them each introduce themselves and tell you a little bit about themselves and I will start with Jessica. Welcome Jessica. Hi, thank you, Jenny. My name is Jessica Grazer. I am head of success with Flo. So for those of you who are not familiar, Flo is a company we are partnered with ISSA proudly and what we do is we help health coaches get started. Kickstart your career, start your own business. Personally, my background, I've been a certified health coach and clinical nutritionist for nine years. I did start my own successful health coaching business about eight years ago and it took me a very, very, very long time to do so, which is why I am working with Flo. I'm working with Flo. I'm working with Flo. To basically cut your time in half. So we are giving away the secrets and helping, you know, kind of raise new health coaches up and out to really make an impact. Awesome. Thank you, Jessica. Good to have you back with us. Next up, we have Katie Dean. Welcome Katie. Hey, Jenny. I'm so excited to be here. So you are certified as an ISSA health coach, correct? Yes. So I am a certified health coach through ISSA certified personal trainer, nutritionist and recently, parallel thing instructor. So that was a lot of fun. Yeah. So I am super excited to be here. I started my own business early last year. So with the help of ISSA of course, so couldn't have done it without that certification for sure. That's amazing. So we're super excited to hear your insight as someone who's certified with our course. That's amazing. And then last but definitely not least, Mr. Chris coach Chris from Flexet. Welcome, Chris. Hey, guys. Thanks for having me. So my name is Chris, we're going to have a senior elite trainer for Flexet Fitness, which is kind of like an all-in-compassing program that has any type of wellness you could imagine. Holistic stuff. Physical training. Anything you could imagine we get it done. So thanks for having me. Absolutely. And of course, we'll hear more about flow out and Flexet coming up here, guys, so they can really explain what those platforms are and how they can help you really grow your career. So we have a lot to cover today. So I will go over our agenda really quickly. We're going to start off talking about what health coaches do. You have to understand what a health coach does in order to see if this might be the right career for you. We're going to talk about how to launch a career as a health coach. Okay, lots of different ways that you can go about starting your career. We have some tips and tricks and tools that can help you start your career even faster. We're going to talk about how health coaching can complement fitness and wellness certification. So for those of you like me, like Katie, like Jess, like Chris, who have other credentials and maybe even working in the fitness field already, you can expand yourself with health coaching and we'll show you how. We'll talk about some of the benefits of joining a program like flow well. So I'm super excited towards the end today. Guys will go over what you learn with the flow well program. And so you can see for yourself how it can help you build your career. Not only build it, but build it faster. That's the key. And then of course, we're going to talk about some amazing career opportunities that are really taking advantage of the atmosphere that we live in now and some programs like Flexet. So I'll have Chris talked to you guys more about that. Now again, make sure that you guys put your questions in the questions section for us and we can make sure to get to those before the end of the day. Now as we get started today, I do go and tell you guys a little bit about I. I say for those of you who don't know about us. We are the global leader in fitness and wellness and we've been in the industry for more than 30 years. We got started in 1988. And our mission and vision you guys has always been to connect people with healthy living year after year and we're well on our way to our goal for that. We currently offer more than 50, 5, 0, 50 specializations and certifications in fitness and wellness and nutrition. And we're super excited that that number keeps growing. We love to be a one stop shop, but of course there's tons of education and more to learn out there guys. So always be expanding. And we do offer world class support for our students in the form of student success coaches and teams that are here to help our students not only as they study to get their certifications, but as they're out there working in the field. So we're very proud of that. Now those of you guys who are here obviously you're here and you registered for this because you're interested in health coaching. So we want to talk about what you can do with health coaching. It is actually an incredibly fulfilling career. It's something that you can spend a lot of time a lot of effort doing, but it can be lucrative and of course very fulfilling when you're working with people and helping them make changes. You can help people and have a positive impact on your own life and your client's lives and the world around you, which safe to say you guys all of you guys are here because that's what you want to do. You're able to start your own business and we'll have Justin some of the guys here talk about ways that you can start your own business and routes that you might be able to take. So lots of opportunities start your own business, a side hustle, but basically enjoy the freedom and flexibility that comes along with that. And then of course, want your career that you love and over me I'm speaking for myself and I think I could speak for Katie, Justin Chris that when you do the things that you love you guys you don't work a day in your life. They all say that right, but it's true. If you enjoy what you're doing, it doesn't feel like work at the end of the day. All right, so lots to cover lots to talk about with health coaching, but without further ado guys enough about me, I'm going to start interviewing our panelists and let's get some information from them. All right, you guys ready. I'm going to start with Jessica Jessica I've got a couple questions here for you. Where my first question, what can you do as a health coach? I love this question. So I always tell the coaches that work with us. They're really is no ceiling and there is no end to what you can do really as a health coach. We have our scope of practice, but if you are more clinical, you can go in a clinical direction. If you want to work in weight loss or mental health or hormonal health, you want to work with only women or only men, you can literally choose whatever it is that you want to do. And you can shape it to fit exactly what you want to that you have the most fulfilling career. I mean, we'll get into kind of the pathways and there are different ways to go about it, but I mean, we have nurses that come in that, you know, maybe they work in like nephrology and they want to, you know, go health coaching instead of going the clinical route, but they still stay in that clinical setting. You can literally do whatever your heart desires when it comes to health coaching. That's awesome. So lots of avenues, lots of opportunity. I mentioned like being a nurse and having some of these other credentials. So we get a lot of people who are coming from healthcare or coming from other fields that want to get into health coaching and not only is it a compliment to most fields, but those people actually setting themselves up at an advantage, would you say if they have a nursing degree or say they're a licensed massage therapist, right? They can do a little bit more. Absolutely absolutely. There's some trust that comes along with a different certification and quite honestly what we're seeing a lot of is people in the healthcare industry are going the health coaching route and going more holistic because the burnout on the clinical side is severe. And so we're seeing so many people from the healthcare industry coming in and saying, I just can't do it this way. This is not working. And they're taking a different approach and still helping people and getting a very similar outcome, which is incredible. Absolutely. So I kind of leads me into my next question here, Jessica, what are some career pathways that you're seeing the most as far as getting into health coaching? Yeah, so what we're really seeing the most is so one thing I like to say this although it doesn't sound very positive. A lot of health coaches, you know, get certified every single month. Unfortunately, the amount of jobs full time positions that are available really are very limited. I want to say that there might be about like 500 jobs available a month and about 5,000 new certifications coming out. So that doesn't leave a lot of room for us to find full time jobs. So we really are seeing the majority of health coaches go and starting their own business. So whether that is as a side hustle, maybe they are nurse and you know, they're working part time at a hospital, but they still want to take the help care at the health coaching route. They'll do it on the side and then quite honestly after a little while in a little taste of the side hustle. They end up going into their full time business. That's what we're seeing the most of. Because you have that autonomy and you have that like, oh my goodness, on the boss, I can call the shots. I can coach people how I want. You know, and it's you can make it everything that you want it to be and then we see the coaches are truly fulfilled. So that's usually the path that we see. They try and find the full time job. Maybe not so successful there and then going into their full time business. I love that. And thank you for the transparency, too. We don't ever want to say, oh yeah, you're fine. There's going to be jobs out there. I'm really happy. Sounds like a lot of health coaches are working for themselves or kind of contracting doing something to that. And we'll hear about that with Katie as well. So that's a great option. What do you personally love about health coaching? I think it's your smile. Just got a little bit bigger too. You know, I love this question. So I come from a very clinical background and going into health coaching. There is such an intimacy that we get to have with our clients that on the you know on the nursing side on the nursing side. The the physicians that you don't actually get that and the fact that my clients have come to me and they have enough trust in me to like strip down get vulnerable. You know, talk about things that are super uncomfortable or so personal. I am so grateful that I can do that for them and be that support and that they chose they choose us. And that is something that's so special and I would never give that up ever to me that something that I don't know we should relish in that because it's wonderful. Yeah, being trusted building relationships that's amazing. That's awesome. So in your experience Jessica, what does it take to start and maintain the successful career as a health coach. We've gotten some questions already about this one. So what does it take. Yeah, so in one word. That would be the first thing and quite honestly one thing I wish well, I mean, I wish that I had flow while when I started flow. Well, did not exist everybody back in the Stone Age. So I wish that it did because really you have to have to find a business coach or mentor in order for this to either get off the ground really and to maintain your success because things in the industry change so much. And as you're building your career. Things are also going to change and there's imposter syndrome at every single step of the way and without finding a support system. Whether that is a flow, right, that we have a community of health coaches and mentors that we lean on every single day. It is really difficult to do it alone. So that to me is the very first thing and really to get started. We're buried under like a mountain of information that we can Google every single day. It's very confusing. It's just you know overload. And so when you have somebody that can say, okay, now you're going to start here. We're going to do this and this and these are the steps you're often running. I'm so sorry if you can hear the rain. And you're often running and then you have that support system the rest of your career, which means that you're never going to fail. So to me that's it. Find your support system. Find flow. I love that. So our clients are seeking help. We can seek help as well. The great great call out. Awesome. Thank you, Jessica. You'll be back. Dan Bye. All right. I'm going to take a little aside step here. Let's talk to Katie Dean. Katie, super excited to have you back on just a little backstory guys. I'm at Katie. Gosh almost six months ago now interviewing her about getting her health coaching certification. My first time talking with her. I absolutely fell in love with this. This young lady. She's like her demeanor is amazing. And I would say that about all of our guests. You guys listen to the way that they're speaking. Listen to the passion in their voice. Not saying you have to be exactly like any of us who are running this call, but these people have been successful in the field. So take what you can from these guys, which is exactly why we're doing this panel. But Katie's super excited that you've grown your business already. So first and foremost, Katie. This is not one of my questions that I had planned, but how long have you been doing your business has been over. It's been over a year, right? Over a year. So I officially started January 2022. So I guess you're going to have now. That's awesome. So guys, she's in a space where a lot of you guys are brand new, starting your career. She's a little bit in. She's learned some, you know, gone over some speed bumps, learn some things. Let's hear what she has to say. Well, first and foremost, Katie, why did you choose to go into health coaching after getting certified? Yeah, absolutely because it's so much more than just food and fitness because being a certified personal trainer is one thing and you get, you know, you get the gains that way and being a nutritionist is a whole other, you know, avenue. But being a health coach, it really resonated with me because I myself struggle with anxiety on a daily basis and has struggled with anxiety with going to the gym and working out. And just the, you know, the struggle that comes with with that. So I wanted to be a certified health coach so I can help others not feel how I felt in the gym or like waking up and feeling uncomfortable in your own skin. I want to keep my clients and my community to feel comfortable and to feel, you know, empowered by what they're doing. Because the only live one life. So why not live it to the fullest, right? So the health coach just as that, you know, the holistic aspect of it, the behavioral aspect of it. And we can kind of just chill and talk like, you know, I'm not a certified therapist, but it can we can talk about whatever is bugging you during the session and kind of like, you know, get your anger out through the weights too. So it works. Absolutely. And that's a great call. I want to just pit stop on that for a second. You said you're not a therapist and we aren't and you're absolutely correct. But as a health coach, you can dig a little deeper and so having some of those conversations where like Jessica said people feel comfortable coming to you and kind of spilling their guts a little bit. All right versus, you know, a personal trainer and that all personal trainers, but we only have them for certain amount of time, right? I might not have time to get into the nitty gritty. Whereas health coaches actually sit down and talk to their clients about things that are a little bit deeper, a couple layers down. We can help under uncover what might be causing their setbacks or keeping them from achieving their goals. So it's a really unique position that you guys are in as certified health coaches and speaking of Katie, how do you actually work with your clients as a health coach? What does that look like? Yeah, absolutely. All my clients are virtual. I love it. When I first started my business, I was so desperate for clients. I was like, I'll drive to you. So I was driving like 150 miles a day. I was crazy. So yeah, you know what? For jewel please. So yeah, it's all virtual. We have weekly check-ins. We go through like mini goals together, which really helps them keep them accountable to their goals. So if you have like a 20 pound weight loss goal, that's great, but let's divide it into weekly bites. So you're not so overwhelmed and then burnout and then crash and burn at the end because you didn't lose three pounds within your first weekend. So just having that accountability and helping them as a health coach. So they know that they're not alone and that they can work through it both mentally and physically. That's awesome. Now, as far as like putting together your health coaching programs or who you coach, when you have personal training clients or even powerlifting clients and know that something that you're into and are certified in now too, is it something that you include with every client that you work with or is it an option that they can opt into if they want some additional guidance? So I have it as a bundle. We, so me personally with my with my tears is that I do like a tier one through three kind of thing and they can opt into the health coaching. So if you're one to just I just want to go to the gym, don't tell me what to eat, don't tell me anything else, then that's perfectly fine. I'm here for you. You're paying me right. So it's all about their goals and what they want to accomplish, but if they're like, yeah, actually I do struggle a little bit with anxiety, then I'm your girl. Let's talk about it. So it's all up to the client. I like that and that's good. So you're not forcing it down people's throat, but if they want it, you have it and it's it's all at one stop shop. I love that very nice. What types of things you mentioned a couple things, like as far as like overcoming anxiety setting up their schedule, what kind of things are you really helping your clients with as a health coach? Yeah, absolutely. It's definitely. I know this might sound cheesy to some, but the self care practices self care looks different can be different for Jessica can be different for Chris can be different for you, Jenny, and it's just it can be meditation yoga or it can just be like chatting with friends. It's just being able to understand what works best for you and incorporating that on a daily basis. You take what two minutes a day to brush your teeth, you can take two minutes a day, you know, of some sort of like self care even if it's just staring at yourself in the mirror and telling yourself that I'm worth it or I'm worthy, then go forward. It's just having that like that, you know, momentum and adding that to your day. So yeah, I help with the self care, the stress and anxiety portion of it and also like the stress of the sleep as well. So not as you know sleep expert at any means, but being able to give you some tools that you can help incorporate so you can sleep better because when you sleep better, then your mental health goes a little bit on the incline and then your workouts go on the incline too. Absolutely and that goes along with the fact that most people don't know what's impacting their outcomes until they address it, right? So they're sleep a hydration or nutrition like just being organized little things like that. They might think this is perfectly normal. I always look like that when I think about people with chronic pain and Chris you're up next when I talk about this, you get that person who's like, oh my back always hurts and they're like, well, this is just my normal right it's every day it just never goes away. It's not normal until until we can help them address that and understand there might be things that are like causing that or leading to it or encouraging that. Like once they address those things and all of a sudden that pain goes away or that stress goes away, they're like, oh man, I didn't know it didn't have to feel like that. So that's one of those aha moments that I love working with clients. That's really cool. Exactly. Okay, Katie. One more question for you right now. What does the typical day look like when you're health coaching like take us from a win Katie wakes up to encade goes to bed. What does it look like? So yeah, we have clients from 5am to 7pm, but it's all virtual. So it's rolling out a bed and going to the office like the home. So yeah, so it's just it's being there for them when they need it. Going over their programs with them like the fitness programs and we do like the weekly check-ins like we were talking about before like helping them keep them accountable with like the many goals and stuff. But just being able to stay up to date with like health and wellness in general going through the ISSA website and NASA website and just being educated because these clients come to you and they're like, hey, I saw this lady on Instagram said this thing or you can snatch your waste this way. And it's like, all right, let's chat about it. So being able to stay up to date so you can tell them the right things and talk through it. So I love it. Yeah, virtual is definitely a lot more flexible, which is nice. And do you have clients that are outside of your geographical area? I do. So I have some on the west coast. I'm on East Coast. I'm in Maryland. So I do have someone California in Washington and I do have a Ontario Canada client as well. So very nice. Yeah, so there's no time and no boundaries on this. Exactly. Thank you for sharing Katie and we'll be back. Stay in the Bible. We'll be sprinkling back. Let's jump in with Chris. Certainly not last or least, but Chris coach Chris. When we talk about flexi, I don't know how many people. I don't mean people are always like coach Chris is the best. So we've got the best here with us. So first and foremost Chris, tell us about flexi what is flexi because I think we got a question that you might be able to answer. Okay. So flexi is alive one on one or some group class program that it's all our own software. I'm right first started with these guys were reason to do them for the first and while and then we introduced our own thing. It's super slick. I could screen project videos and workouts and share audio. I could, you know, we have our own chat service. So I could, you know, if you're going to visit me, I can program your day. So you know exactly what you're doing. And like I said before, we cover all facets of fitness. We just recently introduced health coaches that work with our trainers and nutritionists and really provide like 360 degrees of wellness to the client. I chat just as much with fellow trainers as I do with my clients, drive my wife up the wall, but I'm always on my phone and it works. So it's good stuff. That's awesome. So yeah, this online platform is amazing. And I love all the features that you guys have for the people that are doing the coaching or the training for your client. It's flexible and you just basically have to set your schedule and you have your clients fill into that schedule. So there was a question. I want to pop over to that question real quick that came in. I'm as a question originally for flow well, but I think based on what I know of flow well and what you guys will learn very shortly about flow well. It's a program to help you guys build your business. But the question says I'm looking to take my career online and do personal training nutrition fitness classes and health coaching. Can I do all of this through they asked about flow well? I think flex it would probably be a better opportunity to actually perform all of those things. Would you agree? Absolutely. Yeah, we've got we've got quite a number of trainers with different specialties and we've all kind of lean on each other and go back to back to solve any problem that anybody might have any client, whether it's coming back from injury. Your physical third session is ran out. We got guys that specialize in that bringing you back to 100%. So anything at every day. Awesome. And then real quick to jump over to Jessica as far as what flow well could do for someone who wants to do personal training nutrition fitness classes and health coaching online. How real quick. Tell us how flow well can help them get ready for that. Yes, absolutely. So if you are this is your own business. We literally work with whatever it is that you want to do. So if you are a personal trainer, we build your business around that. If you're a trainer and your trushness and you want to do fitness classes and health coaching, we will build it all with you. So that way you can literally shape it. However, you want your business to run. So again, like Chris that anything everything. Love it. Yes, the flow. What a help build and really get your community and your network down and then Chris has the the flex platform, which is how you deliver it. I love that. So that's why we've got all these people on here. You start to connect some dots here guys. There are all different pieces of this pie. So Chris as a fitness professional as somebody who's excelling in this virtual space. What does health coaching mean to you. It's just it's everything. Talk to bottom. It's not just, you know, we're going to do three sets of 12 backsquads and that's lunges. It's just like Katie and Jess mentioned before. It's getting your sleep right and figuring out what the underlying issues of everything are and trying to attack those instead of just going to the gym to work out. So a little bit of everything. You know, it's more complete approach than just doing some bicep curls. And that's what I'm going to say. Absolutely. I would say yes, but would you say that this is going to be far more effective for 99% of people when you address all of it and not just fitness and nutrition. 100% and like Katie was talking about her tiered programs. The people having the opportunity to really go let me go let me let me jump in instead of just dipping my toe. Those are the people that make a real big difference. I love it. Yeah, you have to be all in right and it's half doesn't really work or it takes you a whole lot longer to get there. I do definitely appreciate that. When you're working with your clients, Chris, you've been doing this first of all, how long have you been with flexing. Just about four years. Awesome. So that's a lifetime in trainer speak. So that's awesome. When you're talking to your clients and talking about things outside of just their exercise, their lunges, then they're nutrition, right? What are you hearing from them about holistic health and wellness training? What do they want? Mainly, it's been a little bit, you know, they're asking a little bit more question about it. And it's been nice to see because like you guys were saying before, it's ever evolving. You know what I mean, you could be an expert in your one little tunnel. But then there's other tunnels opening up around here and I'm much you're staying on point with everything. You're going to have a lot of unanswered questions. So one of the things is I direct them. I direct them to you guys. And I'm like, listen, this is your resource here. Nice. Absolutely. And I know that we'll talk about this too, but flex it. You mentioned is starting to offer health coaches. You have health coaches on staff. You have nutrition professionals on staff. So it's kind of a one stop shop. Everything they need. If you can't help them. Someone else in your in your sphere. Absolutely can. But is there a way that you've incorporated health coaching into what you're doing with your experience with your clients as far as programming or the way you communicate with them? In the way of communicating. Yes. I'm always always on top of anything going on in my clients lives year 70 year old has a soccer tournament on Sunday. I want to know how you're dog. You know, broke us like I want to know how they're healing. So just always being there making sure it's like the first question. How to sleep less night. Did you get enough sleep? How does that blood pressure are these things coming down or are we getting within normal ranges? And just going there just being there and asking questions that everybody kind of needs to be asked. Yeah. I love that. And you're making a good distinction here, Chris, that you don't wait for them to ask you or bring something up. Right. You're kind of preemptively asking based on what they told you and and and just we'll talk about this too. You have to be a really good listener, right? And you're listening to what they're telling you and then you follow up with it and that's super important. They'll remember that too. They'll remember that you were listening. I love that. Tell us a little bit more about how flex it is moving into the health coaching space. Tell us more about the health coaches you guys have. Okay. So we've got two health coaching staff right now. I spoke to one just the other day just I quick get to know. Yeah. I didn't want to see you guys on the blocks. I want to know everybody coming in. And and yeah. Like I said, we're going to be working with our health coaches. You're going to be working with our nutritionists and dietitians and our trainers and anybody else that has anything to do with the wellness space. And we're going to give you three hundred and sixty degrees of effort on every on every front to make sure you can be the best version of you. Thank you. I love it. You guys are making that program even more well. We're on the than it was before that's phenomenal. Awesome. Thank you Chris. Alright. We're going to circle back and we'll do a little open around Robin here in a second. But I want to pop over to Jess. I feel like you're one of the most experienced people I know as far as career opportunities in specifically health coaching. So can you talk us through the information that we see here and some of the opportunities for employment as a health coach. Yeah. Absolutely. So thank you for saying that. So there are three really three pathways that we see most of the time. So we're going to talk about full time employment, which we did touch on before. It's nice if you can get it, but the opportunities are not always there. But should you find something. You know, you can go into corporate wellness. We talk about, you know, big corporations and organizations. They want their employees to be healthy. So they are we're starting to see them spend a lot of money on making sure that their employees have health coaches or you know mental health. Like therapists in their office. So that way their productivity goes up. You know, they help them with their exercise. Make sure that they're moving. Make sure that their their mental clarity is there. And so that they can get more work done. So that's one of the biggest jumps that we're seeing right now as far as the full time corporate employment. You can also go into fitness and wellness centers. They are starting to bring on health coaches in addition to their personal trainers. So we're starting to see that a lot as well. And then of course in the clinical settings. So functional medicine practices. That's a big one. Because if you know functional medicine. They want to get to the root cause. They don't want to just treat the issue if they want to get to the root cause, which is very, very closely related to health coaching. Moving on from that we have full time business ownership, which is like our bread and butter, right? This is where we really see most health coaches go this route because even working full time employment. For an organization. A lot of times you are restricted. So everybody listening up you are restricted. You have to follow their rules. You have to coach their clients, right? You don't really have a choice. And so we do see that. It kind of gets a little bit old. So we want to be able to do our own thing and teach the way that we want to teach. So you can do that in the way of private one on one. Helping coaching sessions group sessions. You can do online virtual like large webinars and classes that way. If you want to have a really large reach. There really is no end to what you can do when you have your own business. You can also educate through content, which I personally love. I like to do a lot of copywriting and blog writing. You can create online courses. And then you can sort of a massive amount of people. If you don't have the bandwidth for just one on one, you know, private coaching. They're really are so many options to doing it. And then we have the side hustle. So for everybody here, just so that you know we get this question all the time as far as I work full time or work part time. How do I start my own business? Like, is this can I even do it right because do I have the time and the answer is yes because 99% of the flow coaches right now work full time or have full time families are like full time state home moms right. And so when they want to go to the side hustle route because they just have this passion and cannot let it go. They take our course and they go through our program and have a very successful side hustle business and they only work part time. So, you know, you can do that as a nurse. You can do it as a physical therapist. You can do it as a state home mom. You know, that was me for a little while, right? So there is a way to do it and most of our coaches. Gosh, it's not all of them are all doing something on the side. Like that's they have something else, right? And so a couple hours a day there you go. You can start your business and start helping people. Awesome. Thank you. Yeah. So again, lots of opportunities. Guys, we can't stress that enough. Don't think within the four walls of a building, right? Think outside of that. We talk fitness professionals that same thing. It's endless. It's just not knowing where you want to go and then picking a route to get there. So think about that. Now I know some of you guys on this call are already certified, whether it's in fitness certifications or some of you guys might be health coaches. Some of you guys might be certified or licensed and things outside of fitness and wellness. If you're looking to get certified as a health coach, it's important to understand what it is that you're going to learn. So I'm going to give a little plug here for the ISSA course, of course, because I'm with ISSA. So I do want to talk about our ISSA health coaching curriculum, which is based on what you need to know as a health coach and I have people here who can confirm it for me. We've done a lot of research in this industry. Guys, but we cover a whole lot as you get certified. We're talking about you're going to learn about client coaching and communication. Of course, cognitive behavioral therapy and psychology. This is why we make choices. How we can change those choices is a whole process to this behavior change. And a lot of you guys who have been certified in fitness and wellness, you've seen this before, but we did even deeper. We're talking three chapters on psychology. It's that important you guys. We really good at helping people understand their behaviors and then make changes to those behaviors because those behaviors were working. They wouldn't need us. They'd be exactly where they want to be, but they're not. Okay, so that's key. We talk about chronic health conditions. Not saying you guys as health coaches, that's all you're going to work with. Again, we're thinking beyond just exercise and nutrition. But you do need to know the chronic health conditions that a lot of people out there think about how their health is impacted by these conditions and how their health can impact those conditions both ways. Okay, because they can absolutely impact both ways. We will talk a little bit about exercise, science and fitness. So fear not if you are not certified in the health and fitness industry just yet. Of course, we dive into nutrition because that is important as well. We talk about some of the things that Katie and Jess have already brought up and Chris as well. Sleep and sleep hygiene. Right. That's super important for physical and mental recovery. Guys, we are humans. We are animals and we need to sleep. You don't sleep. You're not performing very well. And that affects all aspects of our life. We do talk about stress management, which is really important. We're also humans. This world is busy. Okay. This world looks a lot different than it did a hundred years ago, 200 years ago, etc. We have a lot more on our plate. We have a lot more stresses. A lot more things coming at us. And if we can't manage those stresses, we're going to struggle. We talk a lot about goal setting, which is an amazing aspect with health coaches. They will help you figure out how to make a goal that is achievable. Same thing with fitness professionals like Chris, we help you guys figure out what is the goal that you're trying to achieve and let's make it realistic. Okay. Something that we can actually get you to and then let's make a plan. Of course, we cover ethics. We want to make sure that you guys are staying with you. Coloring with you in your lines. If you will, staying with our lines as helicopters and then we never leave out business development. That's a big part of what flow will helps you with. Please, it's like flex it will help you develop your business. But we'll give you the basics to get you started. And I remember what route you go. You're going to come out the shoot knowing exactly what you need to know. And I'm going to give the floor back to Jess to talk a little bit about flow well because again, flex it is more of a platform to help you deliver all of the things that you're delivering to your clients. Flow well is a program that we've found that helps you guys. Basically introduce into your business. What all the things that you need to know that you didn't know you need to know, right? Just. Yes, absolutely. So you will be amazed at just how long this list is. I was amazed when we put it together. So our curriculum, we break it up into three segments. So the first one that will go over is the build. Which is the very beginning, right? We work with people. So you do not have to be certified to come and start with flow. So you can say, okay, I'm going to go. I'm going to become an help coach. I'm going to go. I'm going to work with ISSA. And I'm going to get certified. Why wouldn't you take the parallel path and start your business at the same time you're getting certified? What do you want? You want to graduate with your certification and get clients and get to work because the worst thing I'm telling you the worst thing is when you get that certification and you're like, I didn't. Oh, I don't have anything to do. So, so you know, by the time you're done with your certification, you will be that and ready to go. So in the build phase, we get your business set up legally, right? So we teach you how to get your LLC. What kind of business insurance you need? You know, and it's state dependent, it's area dependent and that can be literally like people just stop right there and they don't move forward because they don't have to do it. So it seems little but it's really monumental. We want you to be set up for success and protect yourselves. So that's why we start with that. One of the favorite resources that we have for our coaches is the mindset business on our mindset development because we're so used to being employees being a business owner is very different. So we practice that the entire time. So we start with it and we never give it up. We bring it with us the entire time that we define your niche. So any coaches that work with me if you're on this like if you ever work with me, you know, this is my thing. If you talk to everybody, nobody can hear you. We have to find your niche. We have to find your target and then we build your program offer, which is what are you selling? What program are they going to be in with you and what does it look like? And we get very, very detailed with that. And then we will build your customized web page, which is your sales page. So everything on the tech end of it don't worry about it. We've got you. You send us your specs and we build it. So that way you don't have to get bogged down with the technology. A lot of people stop there also. And then you launch your program. So this is really all within a couple of months like the first two to three months. And then you're starting to work with paying clients. Then we go into the growth phase. So social media marketing is scary for a lot of people, but we make it really fun. We give you all of the ins and outs. What to do how to do it and then what kind of content to build for your audience. Not just for social media, but for your program as well. So any resources you're delivering to your clients. We teach you how to create them deliver them. It's a lot of fun. We teach you how to get the testimonials that sound silly. Like, oh, I can get a testimonial. There are testimonials in the form of everything. We teach you how to grab from emails and screenshots and text messages and recorded video calls. There's little nuggets everywhere that you can grab when we teach you how to get them. You will start partnering with businesses, physicians, people in the medical community wellness centers. And we literally take you through how to build a power partnership and how to solidify that. And then you just keep on getting leads consistently because you build that relationship. And then we launch your second program offer. And that is, that is that's the end of six months. That is at the end of six months. You have paying clients. You have power partners. You have two program offers. You're marketing on social media and we're not even done. So I'm not even done yet. And then after that the last three months we go into this scale phase, which is actually, this is really fun. This is. You start renewing your clients start saying, you know what? Yeah, I'm going to stay with you for another three months and another three months because you're building these relationships. And then we teach you how to develop a referral program. So when these clients love you, that's powerful. Now, they can go ahead and say, oh my gosh, go work with Katie. I've been with her for nine months. Right. And so how do we refer people are, you know, what is the incentive? We give you all of the information around that. And then once you get those testimonials, your case studies and your transformation stories, what do I do with them? We give you really, really unique ways to share them how to leverage them with your partners. And for leads, whether you're on social media or you're doing outside marketing. We kind of give you the ins and outs of that. Hey, per click ads so paid advertising across social media. We go through everything with that so that you can host a profitable community events. Something like this, this is free, but you can do a talk, you can do a webinar, you can do some kind of seminar or workshop where you can market it and bring in new clients and bring in new partners and new faces. And then at the very end, we talk about passive income and then you get you make money wisely, which is the best. And then and it says and more because it just doesn't end. And you have the success specialist that you would work with on your teams. We are health coaches. So we have done this. It's funny the way we were talking about our clients were, you know, we're like, we asked the questions, if we go a couple levels deeper, we do the same thing with the coaches. And then we work with we're like, you know, what's stopping you? You know, why are you fall starting? Because we have that experience of motivational interviewing and getting to the bottom and the root cause of like maybe why you're stuck. So it's a really nice benefit to work with other health coaches that have built businesses because we have been stuck in the mud. And we had to like kind of sludge through it, but you would be paired up with somebody like basically. So yeah and one thing only because it's not on here and I just want to say it just super fast. I know I tend to talk a lot but. If even if you're not certified, you can go ahead and start with low L hour program price is going to be going up on July 1st. So because we're partnered with ISA. You guys get a 25% discount just because we're partners, which is always there. However, the price will be increasing by like 40% over the next two weeks. So if you're thinking about it kind of wanting to do it about to sign up with ISA, sign up for flow as well because you're going to be missing out and you're going to end up paying a lot more in two weeks than you would today. So if it's on your mind, I would go ahead and say yes and it's flow well.co. So or you can Google flow well and get to that site before the price is full. Perfect. Thank you for calling that out and I'll actually say two guys we also have a partnership with Flexit. So those of you guys who are fitness professionals whoever said in that question in that you want to start like your online business and get into online for over a 12 coaching you guys. We do have an in with Flexit where we can get you a guaranteed interview. We can't guarantee you a job because you have to get through their little they're a little gates over there. But we do have a small CEO where we'll make sure that you know everything you need to know about their platform and coaching people online. And then we'll get you into the door so you can knock and get that interview to see if that's a great spot for you to be. So we have partnerships with both of these organizations you guys. And it's all designed for you. It's we don't really benefit much from it. We want to make sure that we're putting you guys in a spot that makes your career easy to build that's what this is for. All right. Now I want to go through a couple more questions as we go through. So my first question I had the bottom here. What advice would you give someone who's considering a career in health coaching Katie. I want to start with you. Sure. Yeah. Absolutely. Definitely don't doubt yourself because I have had struggled with doubting myself through every step of the way. And it's got me nowhere but like you know brick walls. So definitely don't doubt yourself acknowledge that anxiety because the anxiety is going to be there. I'd be like, no, thank you. I know you're trying to save me right now, but anxiety can go like wait in the corner and I'll perpetuate it. And understand and posture syndrome like you are worth it and you are empowered to do this like it doesn't matter if someone else has a million followers on Instagram and you're if you was tried to be that way perfect. Go for it, but you are you you're the only you in this universe. So definitely don't doubt yourself and have that support. So you don't struggle with the the imposter syndrome. I love that. It's all about support. Just what would you say for this one. What advice do you have for someone considering a career in health coaching. Yeah, I'm going to second what Katie said as far as the imposter syndrome because they will always sneak up. It doesn't really ever go away will always come back. But when you have the support system, it makes it so much easier, but my advice would be do it. Just do it because we've all waited. I'm sure everybody on here has waited right and six months later. You're like, well, I still didn't do it right. And so think about where you would be six months or a year from now. Are you happy with that? Where you would be if you didn't start probably not right. It's still going to be on your mind. Just do it because everybody up here. Everybody is here to support you. You have a net. You have a support system. Join these organizations and you will succeed. There is no doubt. So just do it. I love that. And Chris, I pose the same question to you, but slightly different. Advice you have for someone considering like moving the career virtually or expanding their fitness career right now. Well, with with when I went exclusively with with with Flexet, I mean the pay is great. The flexibility is incredible. We got to move all 1000 miles away from everything I know went from New York, that Florida. Super hot today. That's why it's in me sweating. I apologize. But the flexibility is outstanding. You know what I mean. Super super kind of the pay. You're going to get what you're going to get. You're going to get what you work for. No, my schedule is wide open. I spend a lot of time working, but I'm happy because it's not work. I'm hanging out with my friends all day long and laughing. I'm making people better. You know, and it's like you said before, Jenny, it's a they're doing you love it. Never going to work it in your life. And that's that's how I feel. So awesome. Very nice. Thank you for that. What about this one guys? What have been some of the most gratifying accomplishments or interactions you've been doing. Or interactions you've had as a coach, a trainer Chris will start with you. I mean this is so late at account to be on you know, four years like it says a lifetime. And the one that jumps to mind is I've been 81 year old client from England. A couple of injuries here and there he came to me. Yeah, just torn his quad and he just wanted to get back in the work just back in the swim and you know the guy went skiing last winter after after work with me for like eight or nine months. And which was incredible giving somebody your confidence and credit. And you know you're never freaking together the time they tell you hey I walked up the stairs with the laundry basket by myself without having to ask anybody for help. And that's that's just prices. You know, it really really is makes getting up and four o'clock in the morning worth amazing amazing jazz. What would you say for this one would have been some of your most gratifying accomplishments as a health coach. Yeah, again like Chris I've been doing this a long time so it's like too many to count but being able to empower my clients or my patients to advocate for themselves. For me just because I am more on the clinical side of things. A lot of times the health literacy is not quite there and so being able to educate the clients on exactly what is happening in their bodies. What what are these disease states what does this mean. It gives them the opportunity to then ask the right questions you know to their doctors and I would go with them virtually to their appointments just as a second set of years and to be able to kind of ask the questions and then they get used to it and then they do it themselves and you know then they know that they can do it on their own and know that they're being well taking care of and if they're not getting the answer they know to ask again. And not to just sit back and say oh okay well I didn't get it so that's it they you know they advocate for themselves and for me that's the biggest win so far. I love that I love that and Katie what about you. I'm going to go the powerlifting route with the slums so I have a client that started out he wanted to lose weight that was his main goal. And we started together last summer and we were doing you know whatever it takes to get to get there and I was telling him about you know the powerlifting competitions that was doing and just talking to him about that and he was like oh so what is that what does that entails so he was just like asking questions like every time we're meeting. So he got into powerlifting his first competition is next week I am so freaking proud of him because he came out of his shell like when I first met him he was just like one already answers closed in his little. In his little house and with the encouragement and being there to like just you know lean him along and be that little cheerleader like now he's able to like express himself through the weight training through the powerlifting and now he's so excited for the first powerlifting competitions I'm really excited about that. Awesome doing things they never thought they could do I love it. All right guys one more quick question for you so what qualities I want you guys name two qualities each what qualities you think someone becoming a health coach needs to have like what makes a good health coach Chris let's start with you. You need good organizational abilities could you get a lot of information when you're out there and you're talking to a billion people you need to be able to organize them and. Still not see them as a number that's still human being you're talking to with the same kind of problems you got trying to get better this thing where we all are. So organization is a real big one that's another one of the reasons flexed helps all ideas concentrate on my clients everything else is taking care of them scheduling and that's all done for me so it's a helps me give a superior product you know. And just just understanding that these are people and you know you're supposed to connect with them and they're not it's not just a number it's not just I did this many sessions per month it's like I affected this many people per month and once you start seeing it like that you can become a much better trainer coach or whatever you know. I love that thank you just how about you. So for me my two would be the first you kind of to be a little creative because you know what you think might work for everybody is not going to work for everyone and you might hit a wall with a client where what you were doing before is not working anymore and you have to really think outside the box and always said that a lot over this last hour but think outside the box and find new ways new and interesting ways to get them to keep reaching and keep you know hitting their goals because they will hit a wall at some point so keep an open mind of creative. And also you have to be an active listener so we do not want to just yes our clients or our patients to that that's not what we're here to do you know let them know your listening ask really good questions ask open ended questions you know to me use your motivational interviewing that you're learning through this certification and you know really let them know that you're there you're paying attention and you know. Repeat things back to them so that they know that you're listening just like Chris and how's your dog doing right how's your grandma all those things let's them know that you're really paying attention and you're you know giving them your attention. Love it love it and last but certainly not least Katie what are your thoughts on this one. Yeah I'm going to pick you off with what Jessica just said it's definitely needing to be a good listener for sure good listener and being empathetic to. To yeah to show that you're human being as well you're not just someone to show up and train them for an hour you're there to help them through it and to understand what's going on if their sleep is off of their anxiety is high like being able to talk through it and be a good listener. So they understand that you actually care if you're not there just to like Chris said it's not another session it's another person that you're helping so definitely a good listener being empathetic. I love that not even adding guys being detail oriented correct me from wrong like we deal with a lot of details as coaches as fitness professionals as health coaches and it's a lot of the details that our clients don't know they should be paying attention to. But very very detailed oriented being able to pick up on the little things that they're doing they're saying right their body movements their body language all that kind of stuff is super super important and of course you'll learn how to do this and with practice comes proficiency so you'll get really really good at this okay. Awesome guys well thank you so much lots of great information was shared today. Not yet no guys stay on with us. I've got some prizes and you must be present to win so stand by okay and we do have an amazing offer for you guys so I know some of you guys are already certified there's some questions just for you about flow well we'll get to that one about being in the middle of building your business already where do they start so stand by whoever asked that question. But for those of you guys who are interested in actually getting certified you haven't started that process yet not building your business that you need the education first. Remember what you get with our course you get your textbook it is an online course which is absolutely amazing because it's so flexible. Unlimited support from our student success team there are quizzes and of course the online exam to test your knowledge and get you ready and reinforce your learning. Downloadable templates of all the different health coaching documents that you'll need along the way and then places like flow well we'll get you everything else that you need and then of course the online final exam so everything you need guys in one spot which is amazing. We do have a promo for you guys so if you're a note taker jot this down we'll leave it on the screen for a little bit here you guys get 250% off and we're giving you a free course we're including our life coach course. Okay, so again even more even deeper into how to help people change their behaviors understand their behaviors get their lives together coach them in all aspects of their health their wellness and essentially their lifestyle. Okay, so as you're able to say $250 on the health coach elite program which includes three amazing courses health coach which we talked about today. I'm just a very interesting course which Katie has also done and our online coach course which helps you build an online training business again just a general fitness business great place to start and then let's make it specific for a health coach as we move forward with organizations like flow well and flex it. You guys is H.C. panel so I'm going to move from the screen that I'll bring that back up if you guys are looking for where to go and our website is along the bottom of all the slides guys. Okay, we do have some prizes so those of you guys are here I have a little a little person behind the scenes who's throwing in some names for me. Each of us are giving away one thing so with I.S. as a we're giving away one free specialization course and $800 value flex it has offered up a yoga mat and a t-shirt for one lucky winner and flow well guys is giving away one program scholarship a $1,300 value. Okay, you get to go through the flow well coaching program for free okay so I've got my winners drum roll everybody for the free flex it yoga mat and t-shirt and whatever email by the way you use to register for this session is what we have and they'll be reaching out to you independently. We have a Lex Schlosser Lex Schlosser congratulations you got the yoga mat and the t-shirt from Lex it for the ISSA specialization our winner is Kara or Kara sorry for said it wrong Lewis Kara Lewis congratulations and you get to choose which one you want and we've got over 50 so check it out and then for the free flow well program scholarship the big guy here are winner is Travis. Coral. Travis Coral congratulations. Nice to see some boys in here love it. That's awesome congratulations Travis. Guys so the email that you guys registered with Lex Kara and Travis we will be reaching out to you to get to your prizes this is amazing. All right so I know we got a ton of questions and we've got five minutes left so I'm going to start with the one that was sent into my little chat here and then I'm going to pop over to these ones. Jess there's a question for flow well what if you are already in the middle of building your business do you have to start at the build curriculum. This is no this is a great question so we do meet you right where you are so if you're coming in and we kind of assess where your business is at you can start in the grow some people come to us and they're ready to scale. We will do whatever we need to to grow your business from where you are and that is very very personalized so you don't have to wear it's not cookie cutter. You'll come in you'll meet with one of us and we'll go through kind of like Riff I Grant and see where you're at and start appropriately. Perfect so they'll meet you where you're at I love that a question for flex it Mr. Chris are there any Canadians who work for flex it or are they eligible to work for flex it. I'd have to I'd have to go up chain on that one I'm not 100% sure but I do know we have employees all over the country in other countries including Australia so we do have people all over the world. I'd like to say I'm 90% sure that we we've got people in Canada we've got I know we've got people in every time zone so I'm glad that I'm I was close to sure as I can be that we do have people up top. Awesome and I know Lisa from flex it is somewhere on this call so Lisa if you could chat me and let me know to confirm I think we're good to go there. There was a question how do I transition from a full time job into your own business what obstacles did you guys face so just let's to let's pose that to you. Yeah so there are a lot of obstacles I think the biggest for myself was that I was working full time had a couple kids and was trying it was like nope I want to start my own business and I didn't. I didn't have anyone to ask questions too so where I struggled the most was like spending hours and hours on Google trying to figure it out like what do I do next and that was probably the biggest hurdle because it took a really really long time. So if you can you can work full time if you have you know a couple of hours a week to dedicate to the flow out program you will succeed because our steps that you saw in that curriculum. Those are very strategic in that every single move to the next level moves the needle on your business so there is no guessing you don't have to say oh my gosh is this right should I be doing this or this like you don't skip around you go through the curriculum we built it that way so that you do not hit those speed bumps so. That would probably that's probably the biggest hurdle was like figuring out what to do with very little time so and that's why we exist because we wanted to to eliminate that issue so I hope that help. Absolutely yes thank you and that question was I believe from Charlotte good question to follow up on the last question about working from Canada. Looks like Lisa popped in here they can work for flex that as long as they are authorized to work in the US. Okay so you do have to be authorized to work in the US to work with flex a great question. There's another one here which I can answer real quick I already have a Cpt power lifting transformation youth and senior. Yes whoever this is nice work through ISSA is there need to add a specific health coaching certification to set me up to practice. Yep that's what I was referring to with the health coaching course yes guys you would want to be certified as a health coach in order to take your health coaching business to that next level. So that's going to be an important step. It's a great way to renew your already existing credentials so for those of you guys who have credentials you got a renewal anyway. So this would be the next step that would give you the credentials that you need to specifically move into health coaching. Great question. Diamond had a question and I think I'm going to host this from the Katie how do you get people to give you a chance or just engage with you or get hired in the industry. If your image does not display the ideal for fitness I love this question what would you say for this as an independent business owner currently. Oh yeah that's a great question because it's all about your niche and who your audience is because everyone is going to have something you know negative a say about anyone so if you are you know a size zero or a size 20 a personal trainer. If you have the credentials and if you have lived this you know fitness life then it's your you know up for the job you're up for the team so yeah absolutely. Definitely keep that keep your head up high and don't listen to the haters because haters are going to be everywhere. Absolutely yeah I love that thank you all right one more that I think all of you guys can have a little input on before we end our session today and thank you guys all for being here. The question was how do you guys maintain your own personal boundaries on time and energy with health coaching this person felt like the past clients were contacting them 24 seven. This person had a hard time persevering and maintaining their own physical and mental health with the constant accessibility. They didn't they wanted to be available for their clients but it was wearing on them Chris let's start with you how would you maintain your own personal boundaries. It's something that we're going all the time to be honest with you. I block off a specific time a day for myself to get my workouts to these stress to go shit and the pool to whatever. And then I just had my phone set up and do not deserve after workout and it doesn't matter you know unless it's an absolute emergency it's going to voice me I'll check it in the morning when I'm up to my network and that's really really helped me out you know. I love it. I love what about you, Jass. I still struggle with us because I'm just like take everything to take all my time and I still struggle with it now. So one of the things that I really try to focus on well I lean on my team all the time which is again going back to that support system. Being able to you know have them tell me it's okay to keep those boundaries just that it's fine you have to so I I do lean on the team. The other thing is that I communicate with my clients and the coaches that I work with that flow well to say this is what you can expect for me as far as response time. So they know that you know if you send a message in the chat you'll get a response you know in this many hours or if you send an email allow one full business day. Things like that like you know we don't meet outside of our meeting hours things like that that we're the expectations are set and there's very clear communication. So that way there are no surprises but I still again like Chris like I have to practice this every day. Love it. Yeah, what about you, Katie? Kind of the same between Jessica and Chris. Yeah, I establish those expectations right away with my contract with my clients. So I say specifically since it's all virtual they expect you know right away answers. So I say I will respond within 24 hours but these are the hours that I will respond in kind of things. So nothing you know before 5 a.m. not that anyone wants that or like after 7 p.m. kind of thing. So being able to establish those expectations right away so they know so they're not like why aren't you responding it's four clock on the afternoon. So just being able to set that boundary for yourself. So you can show up for your clients when you come. I love that and my final two cents on that you guys absolutely studying those expectations put it in writing go over it with your client and make sure that they sign it and agree to it period that way they can't say they never saw it or didn't know. But set those expectations for yourself and then I am a huge calendarer like I schedule everything and those of you guys who know anything about me. I do use sports performance college sports performance. I coach volleyball year round. I coach club volleyball year round. I have private clients. I have online clients and I do nutrition coaching like when I say that's people they're like I'm exhausted. I'm not because I schedule it. I'm sure that I schedule everything including my own time my own gym time time to hang out with my husband and my dogs right. My time to not do anything there's days where I don't want to do anything don't call me on this day. I'm not doing anything. It's almost a big scheduler and I stick with that schedule. So great questions you guys. If you guys are asking these kinds of things because it's important if you want to have a career helping people. Yeah, you do take on a lot of load like Katie said they're almost many therapists right we take a lot of heat for other people. But we have to take care of ourselves and we talk about self care today and really digging and taking care of yourself first. I would like to say you're no good to anyone else if you're not good to yourself. So never forget that. Katie Jessica Chris this has been phenomenal. Thank you guys so much for joining me today. No, this is a great and thanks every single one of you guys for being here this session was recorded. So everyone who registered will sheach you over the video in the next couple days once we get it edited down and stuck in an email for you. But again congratulations to our prize winners that congratulations. That was Lex, Cara and Travis excellent job you guys. But thank you so much for being here. We hope you guys are considering a career in health coaching building your business taking your training and your experience online. We've got everything that you need here. So thank you guys so much for being here again. I'm Jenny Scott and we will see you guys next time.