

=== FILE: 4 Things I Wish I Knew When I started Yoga #YogaAwareness [IVy-VcSE614].txt ===

Here are four things I wish I knew when I first started yoga. Every yoga teacher talks about the breath, but not often do we have a chance to discuss why the breath is so critically important in your yoga practice. So here they are. Number one, your breath is the way that you communicate to your nervous system to relax. When we get into the poses, oftentimes we're triggering that fight or flight response as we're uncomfortable. When we are triggered, we tend to make our breath shallow, harsh or forceful. So by slowing down the breath, you tell yourself that you're okay. This changes the way that you start to respond both on the mat and off the mat. Number two, your breath is like a thermometer or a thermostat. When you are consciously paying attention to your breath when you enter poses, you can watch as your breath starts to struggle or get shallow or short. When you're paying attention to the breath in this passive way, you're using the breath like a thermometer, helping you to understand just how much pressure or how much fire is in your practice. It's also like a thermostat. By consciously controlling your breath, you can regulate the amount of energy you're receiving and you're giving into each of the poses. Number three, and this is one of my most favorite breath isn't just about bringing in oxygen and releasing carbon dioxide. Yes, we want to breathe it out, but we also want the space of the breath. When you take a full full inhalation from the belly to the chest and even into the upper chest or shoulders, not only are you bringing in fresh oxygen, but to make room for your lungs, your diaphragm is going to squeeze against your internal organs. This causes a spike in your blood pressure. That pressure rides the 60,000 kilometers of blood vessels or cardiovascular system. So as the pressure grows, you're literally creating space from the inside out. So lastly, put it all together for number four. Each pose is just a shape for us to breathe deep into. Each pose targets a specific area of the body. It opens it, it lengthens it. That makes us uncomfortable. That's where the fighter flight response can kick in. By breathing slow, we soften the nervous system. By breathing deep, we encourage the space from the inside out. And by controlling the breath, we regulate the practice using the breath as a thermostat. So the next time you're in your practice, breathe deep, breathe mindfully, and center your entire practice on your breath.

=== FILE: 5 Common Beginner Mistakes #YogaAwarenessMonth [3OSpKRfHREk].txt ===

Number one, rather than straightening your legs in downward facing dog, be very generous with a bend in your knees. When you bend your knees, you free the movement of your pelvis. Lift your thighs up into your hips and feel that angle of the pelvis shift, providing more length for your lower back. The second beginner mistake is much like the first. Straightening the legs prematurely in a halfway lift. If I straight in my legs, notice how around my back is. Instead, just like down dog, bend your knees generously. Pull your hips back, feel for the length in your lower spine. You can even put a hand there to see whether it feels like the low back is rounded like an arch, or it's concave just like a dish or a plate. Then press your hands into your shins and pull lightly upwards, feel the muscles on your back engage. Number three of the common beginner mistakes that I see is going so far into the lunge that you begin to collapse in your back knee or back foot, which can cause a lot of pressure into the knee or into the ankle. Instead, start these lunge positions with both your legs nice and straight. Then, put your back heel into the ground and feel the strength of your back leg is engaged. Then, paying attention to the back leg, start to rebound your front leg, going only as far as you can keep the back leg strong. Number four of the common beginner mistakes that I see is the rotation of the back foot being too far out in warrior poses. When the back foot is turned out, it takes the hips and turns them towards the back foot, causing the front knee to fall into the inner arch. This puts torsion on the knee. Instead, we try to use the outer hip to open the knee, but when we turn the back foot first, it allows for the hips to turn slightly forward, and now the knee can easily access that line in front of the right middle toes. The last common beginner mistake that I see is a lack of movement in the pelvis, when moving from warrior to into extended side angle. If I go into extended side angle, without moving my hips, notice how short the left side got and how long and curve the right side is. This time, I'm not allowed this left hip to drop, the right hip to lift and roll slightly forward. This movement of the pelvis allows for my spine to stay long as I come into the pose.

=== FILE: 6 Easy Ways to Grow as a Health Coach! [DDyzG6oDbqU].txt ===

•

=== FILE: 9 Surprising Jobs for Health Coaches! [Yfmq-fUk4GY].txt ===

l

=== FILE: Are You Making These Glute Workout Mistakes？ [muf_7Nk9-p8].txt ===

Come here with a book and show up!

=== FILE: Better Health Outcomes Through Functional Nutrition [8o4vH-dehUk].txt ===

Welcome to Better Health Outcomes Through Functional Nutrition, where today we will shine a spotlight on the role of functional nutrition for fitness enthusiasts like you. My name is Tammy Neale and I'm the VP of Communications with the International Sports Sciences Association, you know as as ISSA. I'm pleased to be with you today to introduce you to a brand you may not yet be familiar with, the functional nutrition alliance. Andrea Nakiyama is a functional medicine nutritionist and educator who has led thousands of clients and now teaches even more coaches and clinicians around the world in a revolution reclaiming ownership of both their own and their clients health. As the founder of functional nutrition alliance Andrea draws on systems biology, mental models, root cause methodology and the therapeutic partnership to offer long awaited solutions for the rapidly growing chronic illness epidemic. Andrea lost her young husband to a brain tumor in 2002. Following that loss, she discovered a passion for using food as personalized medicine and is now regularly consulted as the nutrition expert for the toughest clinical cases in the practices of many world renowned doctors. She trains nearly 4,000 practitioners each year in her methodologies so that they too can become the last stop for their clients and patients as well as a trusted referral partner for doctors in their area. I am pleased to be joined today by Andrea Nakiyama. Welcome Andrea. Thank you, Tammy. I'm excited to be here with you. Yes, I'm excited to be here today and introduce ISSA students to this new world that like me. They may not be familiar with. Yeah, hopefully we can remedy that before we're done here today. Before we do get started though, let's set the stage with our intention and what we hope to achieve in today's conversation. My hope is that we can empower all of our listeners and viewers to achieve better health outcomes with diet and lifestyle modifications. Does that sound good to you? All right, let's start at the beginning. I feel like I have a baseline understanding of what nutrition is. I mean, I learned some of that in school. However, when you add functional ahead of nutrition, I'm unclear what that means and I'm guessing some people here today might also be unclear. So could we start with what functional nutrition really means? Yeah, that's a great question and it's a perfect place to start. So I always like to say that functional means it works. And when we're talking about functional, we're talking about the body. So you mentioned that I practice systems biology. I look at things through the realm of the therapeutic partnership and systems biology. That means that we're not just eating in a way that looks good on the outside. The shudds or the cuds, the macros or the counting, the calories. We're saying what works for this individual. So we're taking the place where food meets physiology. So functional nutrition is in keeping with the practices of functional medicine, which is a form of medicine that was developed in the 1990s. That's in keeping with the realm of systems biology and how everything in the body is connected. So I know a lot of us today are familiar with the gut brain connection or thinking about hormones and the liver. That might be a little bit harder to grasp, but we know the gut brain connection. We know there's a lot going on in there. So those are the concepts that we really embrace in a functional medicine and functional nutrition practice. We understand everything in the body is connected. Everyone is unique and all the things we do matter. It's not just about the right and wrong. It's about what we're doing in relation to who we are and what we're experiencing. I love that. It feels really personalized to each person. What it is to you is going to be different than what it is for me. Exactly. I can tell you that we should all eat broccoli or a certain amount of protein, which happens a lot in the physical fitness arena. And yes, we can look at what that could be or should be, but then what if you have difficulties digesting proteins for a number of reasons or you can eat as much fiber. That's where we individualize it. We call it bio individuality, which means that we're eating in a way that's right for our body and our body's needs. Okay. I love that. Thank you for explaining that that way. Yeah, you're better. For the certified personal trainers that are joining us today in the simplest terms, how do you recommend they best describe the difference between functional nutrition and what's called regular nutrition to their clients. Yes, so for me, when I talk about nutrition, it is again is what exists outside the body. So we can read reports on whether coffee is good or bad or red wine is good or bad or how much of this or that we should have. And that's nutrition. The science of nutrition exists outside the body. The science of functional nutrition exists inside the body. So as a personal trainer or fitness instructor, you may have clients who are coming to you either complaining. Either complaining about certain symptoms, whether it's PMS that's keeping them out of the gym or migraines or something that's disturbing them. And that's where regular nutrition can fall short if somebody's seeming to do all the right things. Then we have to move beyond nutrition and go to functional nutrition because it is tailored for your particular needs. And we do the inquiry to uncover. Hey, Tammy, what are your particular needs instead of hey Tammy here's how you should eat. I love that. That nutrition exists outside the body. Functional nutrition exists inside the body. So I can feed my family a nutritious meal. But how my son's body reacts to it and my husband's body and my personal body react will be different based on the functional nutrition requirements of our bodies. Exactly. And I think when it comes to maybe meeting the needs of 80% of the population nutrition is just fine. It's when we get to that 20% which we're all encountering. I'm sure we all encounter the people in our practice who have been diagnosed with cancer, diabetes, have IBS and their digestion is impacting them. It's the people who are sick and not getting better or experiencing symptoms that are unresolved. It's those people who need a more bio individual approach. Okay. So this idea of functional nutrition. It feels like a new concept to me. I haven't been familiar with it for that long, but based on your leadership and the programs you've developed and the work you've done in this field. It's becoming more and more ingrained in conversations around wellness. Why do you think there's a need for this today? Are there current systems in place that aren't working? Are we being taught there wrong things? Is this just the next level once we've put on quote, nutrition that now we can take it to that next level? Yeah, that's a great question. And I do think that there are a lot of gaps in our healthcare system. So I'm not here to vilify our healthcare system. I think it does many, many things incredibly well. And it's based on a real protocol system. So it says, if you have Crohn's disease, here's your protocol, right? It's based on protocol system. And there's ways in which the individual has been left behind. And I just want to pause here and recognize that in my world, I encounter more and more people who are left behind or fall through the cracks in our current medical systems. So when I talk about the 80, 20, we can say 80 people 80% of the people do well with regular nutrition or nutrition as a handout or a blog or a book. And that's just fine. And it's just those 20% like my husband was like, I am I a poshimoto. So I have an autoimmune diagnosis. But I believe that as we age, that 80, 20 flips. And so if you're working with anybody who's in an aging population, meaning over 45 for women really when things start to shift with our hormones, right? So things start to shift and people start going, wait a minute, what's happening or what I used to do doesn't work or why am I working out as hard, but I'm putting on weight. We start to encounter in ourselves or the people we're working with some of the cracks in the tried and true systems. And this is where we have to go a bit deeper and understand what's going on for the individuals. So in my experience not only are there gaps in our standards of thinking, whether they're medical or health and wellness related, but there are also gaps in our understanding how to work with people, understand individual needs. And I like to call what's going on in there. And there are more and more people who are raising their hand going, I tried that that doesn't work for me. That's not helping me that causes me pain. And so I feel like there is a rise in the need for a functional nutrition or a bio individual approach to nutrition. That's really cropping up all over the place. I think we all see it. And you said it right there of like, that doesn't work for me. That doesn't mean doesn't work for everyone going back to specifics of this being very individualized. Yes. Obviously every individual can benefit from having a understanding of the impacts of nutrition nutrition on their own body. And so this is a really loaded question, but I do want to empower those certified personal trainers listening today. How could you describe the types of individuals who see the greatest impact with a lifestyle change focused more wholly on a functional nutrition? Yeah, again, these are the people who just aren't getting better. And we all encounter these people in our practices. I have a lot of coaches, a lot of fitness professionals in full body systems. And they're there because they've encountered it either in their own body or with the clientele that they're seeing where there are people who I'm just going to say they're sick and they're not getting better. And that sickness could be a niggling little thing like I'm bloated all the time. I don't know what I'm doing. I'm eating like you told me to Tammy. I'm doing all the things you told me to do. Why am I bloated? Why can't you help me? What's going on with me? You're my trusted resource. It could be little and miggling or it could be big. Like I said, a diagnosis that's all of a sudden come about. It could be the diagnosis that a partner, the of somebody you're working with has experienced. And so the people who benefit from functional nutrition are the people who kind of hit a wall with what's considered to be regular nutrition and all the best practices and they're still not able to move through. And what functional nutrition does is help us say yes, they're still away. It's not our job to heal to diagnose to treat. It's our job to look at what's going on physiologically so that we can change the expression of any of the signs, the symptoms or the diagnoses that people are experiencing that keep them from feeling optimal from performing top notch. So I do want to clarify you said for people this will work best for people who've hit a wall and I want to clarify that you mean in their overall wellness right maybe with. Something that they're battling in turn you don't mean if they've hit a wall like physically in the gym right we're talking about like what's happening on the inside. We're not talking about strength training and things like that exactly not my expertise. So that's where I love the opportunity to train all different kinds of professionals so they can bring functional nutrition into their practices whatever those may be. And so what I do want to say in addition to what you're seeing is we see a lot more people who have fatigue and they can't do their workouts or they're not able to perform like they used to and they can't figure out why that also is an internal thing. So hitting a wall not in the way we might think in a physical world but hitting the wall of the limitations of feeling optimal performance at its optimal level. People on the single you you said something that I realized I'm now part of an aging female population since I over 40 and men and women obviously have different hormone levels women have different hormone levels I different stages of their life lives. Does how does functional nutrition look different for men for women for women at different stages of hormone levels what should. Yeah, so there's a lot to know about this. As I've joked with you before so when we're looking through a functional nutrition lens we're learning about what's going on inside the body and we're using that as clues. Understanding what hormones are how they change over time hormones for us as women change throughout the month through the cycle there's different levels of different hormones when we're tracking and looking at that we can start to detect. Oh, this is happening during this phase or this phase or where can we relate signs and symptoms to what might be happening in the body and then those hormones change pretty significantly as we age as well and as we go through different periods of our life cycle. So there's lots of different ways to help people with their hormones and depending on whether they're male or female through their gender expression whether they're taking hormones whether they're doing anything that impacts their hormones it really is individual and then in functional nutrition if we need to we can be looking at specific testing. Again, not to diagnose or treat but to understand the metabolization of hormones so we have hormones in our body I like to think of them as magic sprinkles and they have to be made they have to be utilized and they have to be excreted and so understanding how we actually work with hormones internally helps us as coaches as clinicians as trainers to help people with their hormone changes as well. I love that it's magic sprinkles. Magic sprinkles because now we can look at it through a positive lens and so you're attated with our hormones when we don't know what's happening. We need those hormones we want those hormones. We've discussed that every person's body is different and for the trainers listening today what what could they pass along as a starting point you know again every trainer is coaching different individuals at different. phases of their lives. What is a starting point that everybody listening today could take to get the conversation started with their clients. Yeah, well, I'm a big fan of inquiry. I'm also a student of what's called narrative medicine so I always want to understand the needs of the individual. I don't think it my job to tell somebody how to eat or what to do unless I'm understanding what their needs are. There needs are so number one if you're working with somebody and you want to be making recommendations around their nutrition. It's really important that we do what I call assess so we call it the art of the practice over at functional nutrition alliance art stands for assess. Recommend track and that's cyclical we're staying in that relationship like we would in a fitness situation seeing somebody regularly. So before I even tell you anything I know it's not the answer you want to me because we want to say like he protein or like eat your greens. But the first question is to sit in that place of inquiry and curiosity who are you what are you looking to achieve what have you tried in the past really anchor in on what we call an intake to understand what somebody's history is with their body with. Body with food it can be a real. Insult to the person and I don't mean personally I just mean to their body to make recommendations that don't really recognize where they're coming from so I always want to say. Start with inquiry get curious if you want to work with somebody around their food about their relationship with food about their relationship with their body. About what they're looking to achieve with their body and then very graciously see where there's room for making recommendations based on what you learn. I love that so assess. Recommend in the tea is track track so that's the art process is that what you've earned of the practice yes art of the practice assess recommend track. I'm a little bit that tracking comes back to assessing because we learn more like if we say to a client hey see what happens when you eat breakfast instead of just starting with coffee let me know how you feel let's look at your energy levels in the morning how you feel during your workout we whatever it is we can track hormones we can track whoop which is one of my favorite things to track we call it food mood poop tracking mood is. Any science so we just start with getting curious and that's really something that. I drive home in the full body systems training okay so I've never been taught how to properly grow tree shop I probably grow tree shop when I'm hungry I like to go shopping in hungry and then. You know I go up and down the inside I also which you know the food that's better for you is on the outside the perimeter of the grocery store I learned or I go up and down every I would not have a list or I'm only driven by the queue bonds that I have with me but. If I want to practice the. Assess react and. And. Recommend recommend all. Assess recommend and track if I want to do that. Is there a starting point like on my grocery list of what I should start with. Yeah that's a great question and I'm going to give you the three principles of food that I think of because there's never one protocol because what works for you Tammy may not be what works for me I may not eat foods that you eat food that you eat. So there's three principles that I work with around how we eat and we're all going to work differently into those principles so principle number one is what I call fat fiber protein every time you eat. It should include fat fiber and protein now you may have 50 million questions for me based on that which fats what if I thought that was bad what you mean by protein how much protein. I don't care I just want fat fiber protein as a starting place for you to be asking yourself every time you eat wait a minute does this have fat fiber protein. Do I need to ask my trainer does this is this right does this have fat fiber protein so that's principle number one that helps with our blood sugar it helps with our satiety meaning that we feel full. It helps with our recovery from our workouts so principle number one principle number two takes you to back to the perimeter of this store because it's eat the rainbow. And this is where I really like to get playful with people in terms of what colors did you eat today and what and I mean natural colors so not the lucky charms but when you go into the produce I'll what do you see is there something new there that you don't know. You don't know about could you replace a red onion with a yellow one for a little bit more color. Oh look there's purple cauliflower maybe I'll try that instead of the white cauliflower because I'm already eating some other white veggies got the potatoes whatever it might be. So really just beginning playful with the colors and if people have kids it's a really fun way to get the markers out to see which colors were eaten in a day it's super playful so principle number one fat fiber protein principle number two which is probably the easiest to start with eat the rainbow. Principle number three comes back to that bio individuality so it's creating a yes no maybe list and in functional medicine and functional nutrition we call these mediators and Tammy if I were to ask you and I don't know if you have an answer. I'll answer for myself so I don't put you on the spot but if you were to ask me let's put it in that word. What foods make you feel better. What foods make you feel worse and what are you unsure about that's my yes no maybe list me knowing my yes no maybe list is empowering. That helps me to understand wait a minute I'm in a decision if I decide you know. Eating dairy isn't my number one thing that makes me feel great I'm in a risk reward decision that's my decision nobody's telling me good or bad I'm saying you know what. I don't feel great when I eat dairy it hurts my digestive system but if I eat goat dairy I feel fine and so once in a while if I go to a restaurant I'm going to make this decision for these reasons I'm empowered because I know my yes is drink my green tea every morning make sure I have fat fiber protein at every meal I know my nose. I can't eat gluten that doesn't work for me my face is going to get all puffy and I'm not interested in that result and my maybe's very sometimes works sometimes it doesn't and the more I know of my mediators the more empowered I am to make decisions in the grocery store so those are our three principles that move towards that bio individuality because we're each going to breathe in or live into those principles. I just learned so much in the time you answered that question that I did in my entire life done eat the rainbow that's my new thing I'm going to eat different colors as many colors as I can in a day and fat fiber protein that's just that's simple I'm. I'm you know I've counted macros before so I know how much protein and how much fat I'm eating why not count the fiber to like that's that's easy enough yeah and hint hint all of those principles help with your hormone balance so you're already ahead of the curve nice. So from an ISS a perspective we we know that ISS a certified students are not only passionate about our CPT program but they continue coming back for more and more CEOs. From what you're describing the full body systems is more than a CEO it's a 10 month really intensive program and certification course that you lead yourself correct yes. And it's not only can increase the breadth of their knowledge but this type of intensive could potentially catapult someone into a whole new career yes what could that look like. Yeah so we do have a number of people like I said who are from fitness backgrounds personal trainers people who come from other physical related backgrounds and they start to build functional nutrition into their practice so they're doing. Both things at once everybody in full body systems which as you said is a 10 month program in the science and art of the functional nutrition practice is taking it into their corner I realize I couldn't help all the people that needed help through functional nutrition and that my biggest passion was helping others who were realizing the limitations of what they were doing with the populations they were touching and wanted a new way of thinking in their practice so. That person could still be in the gym working with people or in some kind of studio working with people through both of their physical fitness and their nutrition fitness and nutrition to me is about growth metabolism and repair so it's not just about food it's about dietary and lifestyle modifications which incorporates that exercise and movement so it's just more encompassing so that person could do. And so that's what we're doing. And so we're doing a practice like that they could do even a online practice we have people who have written books who are social influencers who are podcasts producers who work in other settings with other. And so we have our own conditions or providers so we have graduates who come from all different backgrounds and then who go off and do all different things and it's really this beautiful melting pot of people who are coming together recognizing that there are some gaps in our medical system with those who are again I'm going to say they're sick and not getting better but it could just be that they're not feeling their best and not able to. You meet their performance goals. Okay so that full body system scores I learned has been completed by more than 8,000 students across 60 for countries I feel so far behind eight ball since before this conversation started I didn't know what function on the Christian was. So of those 8,000 students they've all worked with you directly that I'm going to put you on the spot here is there like is there a student success story that like stands out to you most maybe someone who came in and wasn't sure of what they were looking to get out of it and then it's just impacting lives left and right. Yeah, oh my gosh so many stories it's hard to pick one I'm thinking of to at the moment so. Yes, I've created the whole curriculum and we have a team that helps to deliver at all the main teaching is through me it's all the systems that I've taught but the team is really in support of the entire community as we move through the curriculum. I'm going to tell a story about Kate who comes from a military background she was an Air Force pilot and is a military wife and when her husband was deployed her children were starting to have a lot. of health issues and she started to realize that there was anxiety there was IBS and her daughter in particular was not getting better and she couldn't find where to turn. Ultimately started to recognize the impact that we could make for her daughter and that turned her on to the powers of food as medicine that led her to the curriculum now she's a very successful practitioner. Her practices to fold she volunteers in a free women's clinic once a week and that has really positioned her in her community with a number of other providers who turn to her for a lot of resolution for gut issues hormone issues blood sugar issues and she's really established herself as a lead in her community. Through that volunteer work and that has helped her to build a very successful practice outside of that and she has a real passion for working with people who come from military backgrounds recognizing what her kids went through when her husband was deployed and what her husband went through when he came home from deployment and so there's a lot right there that helps you to see how a story manifests. I'll tell one more story which is about Dr. Vaish Sartay. She has a doctorate through research not through the medical field and she has a son who is both autistic and has Down syndrome and has really been able to work with children on the spectrum. Who through food and lifestyle and even a different way of thinking systems thinking that helps people to make a significant difference for these folks that we may think are in a medical situation that can't be helped in specific ways. So those are two students that I feel just came to mind they're not from a fitness background but we do like I said have people from dental backgrounds massage therapy fitness yoga there's health coaches there's a lot of people from all different backgrounds who are experiencing different kinds of success based on how the training has supported their passion. What a gift of those two students that what they learn were able to apply to their families and then to the communities around them. I hope you recognize like the impact that you're making globally here. I guess so proud to know you and call you. I know we're only scratching the surface here like we could go on and on and I'm sure you could talk for days about functional nutrition. I don't want to overwhelm ISSA students today because I'm already feeling overwhelmed with a few things but I'm like I'm going to start applying these and then I'm going to come back and ask for more. Anyone who's watching today we're can make it more information on FXNA and the full body systems course. Yeah I'm sure we will include a link below this webinar where people can come through and get on our mailing list we have great content that people can learn from and always have opportunities to come learn more from me in live sessions so. I'll just leave it to the link so that we don't guide anywhere anywhere that is in overwhelmed I know it can be overwhelming and I'm super passionate about this work and helping others who want to help others in their practice so check the link somewhere on this page and. I'm sure you get everything you need okay and then in partnership with ISSA I believe we're extending a discount to ISSA students today correct. Yes and if you find that you are. Coming and speaking to one of our admissions advisors please let them know that you're an ISSA graduate they will extend their special discount to you to ensure that you get our very best pricing to come into the curriculum. I love that I'm so that's what I gift. I'm so appreciative of your knowledge all the work that you've done the impact that you've had. Introducing me and the rest of us today and a bit more into functional nutrition. It's truly been a learning experience for me understanding that what I was calling nutrition happens on the outside of the body functional nutrition happens on the inside of the body. I'm going to have a rainbow I'm going to eat a rainbow every day that fiber protein is going to be part of every meal so I've learned so much today thank you thank you for that. And thank you to everyone who's joined us here again for more information on functional nutrition and the full body systems course we're going to have the link below. To learn more about functional nutrition alliance you can go to fxnutrition.com and go forward and good health thank you Andrea thank you Tammy. Thank you.

=== FILE: Building Muscle： A Lean Bulk Meal Plan [GL43LQEKV0I].txt ===



=== FILE: Building a Personal Training Business： Brand Building Tips from a Fitness Icon [yPcJrPgDXWI].txt ===

Hello everyone, look at that. People bust in the door. Welcome in you guys. Hello, hello. We will be getting started in just a moment. We're going to give everyone a chance to settle in and join us. Looks like you guys are super excited. I am as well. This is going to be a really great session, super insightful. And don't worry, all the talking heads will introduce ourselves in just a moment. And then we'll get to the man of the hour. Welcome in guys. Wow, we're up to 175. Hello everybody. Oh, yeah, I recognize some names in here. Hello everybody. Some of you guys already know who I am. Love it. 184 people with us guys. I think this might be one of our literally best attended webinars. And I see why and we got quite the draw with us today. Love it and a lot of you guys have found the chat. Hello guys. The chat will be open throughout our presentation today. You guys will feel free to have some conversations there. I'll let you guys know where to put your specific questions in a minute here once we get going. What's up everybody. Oh, nice. We got some CPTs in the house. I love it. Nice. And we're over 200 present. Nice job you guys. All right. Well, it looks like a lot of people are here. So we're going to go ahead and get into this guys. Welcome in. I will introduce myself in a moment. But my name is Jenny. Welcome to our webinar today. We have an amazing guest Mr. Mike Rashat, Machita Sierra for us. We're talking about building a personal training business. Everything from of course getting your certification. Some of you guys here already certified, which is absolutely amazing. But then we're going to talk about how to build a brand and Mike has built an amazing amazing kind of companies and amazing brain for himself. So we're going to get a lot of insights from Mike. So let's start off here introducing the people that will be speaking with you guys today. So let me make sure you guys know who we are. I'll start us off. I am Jenny Scott senior content developer here with ISSA. So I help create a lot of the courses and things that we sell. I host our podcast in our YouTube series. And I am an actual personal trainer as well. I've been training people sports performance in private clients for 14 years. So super excited to offer a little insight. I can along with our guest of honor. Next let's kick it over to Greg. Greg Connally welcome. Thanks Jenny. Glad to be here. Yes. Tell him a little bit about your stuff real quick. Sure. So founder CEO of Tri Effective. Have founded multiple businesses in the past. And you know the value I'm trying to add on this call is really telling you guys about how to interact with brands either as a creator or eventually an influencer or in, you know, Mike's case. Eventually you become a CEO. Shareholder, etc. across multiple brands. So you know, really giving you guys the download on the business side of the fence on how to partner directly with brand partners. Perfect. Yes. We'll be here for a couple of times. Stay you guys. And then of course, the man of the hour Mike go ahead and quit give him a quick intro. We'll talk more about you coming up. Give him a quick intro. Hey, I was going on my machine. Thank you for the intro Jenny and Greg. Yeah, I started out just like a lot of you all as a personal trainer and you know, went from. Excuse me in person training to online training, but I did go across multiple different verticals in the space and fitness and try to maximize it and you know give the biggest impact possible and with that. They allow me to make a lot of you know, a lot of money by helping people so we'll get into the nitty video all that and just a little bit. Awesome. Thank you Mike. People are throwing around words in the chat like legend over here. I love it. But I know we're going to hear a guys a majority of today is going to be all about Mike. So don't worry. We will absolutely get to it. So today we will be covering quite a bit guys. Shamous plug in the beginning here. We're going to kick it off with just a quick introduction to ISSA and try to expect us brands just to give you guys a little background on us. And of course, I think most of you guys are here to learn from and about our guest of honor Mike. So we'll get lots of insights from him today about his career and what he has built. We'll help you guys learn about some really unique ways to build your career in fitness. Some you may have heard of and some you may not have. We'll learn about partnering with many of the health and fitness related brands out there like trifecta something Greg will give us some expertise on. And then guys, we've got some prizes at the end. So make sure you stick around till the end of the webinar today because you must be present to win. All right, because at the end of the webinar, we're posting random names out of the chat and those are going to be our winners. So stick around all the way to the end. And of course, guys, the chat is open feel free to have nice little conversations and shout outs to Mike as we're going. But if you guys have actual questions for us or for Mike, please throw those in the queue and a. So you can look at the little menu around the bottom of your screen. Click on Q and a. Who dumped the Thomas the sending you hearts over there Mike. Click on the Q and a and throw your actual questions in there guys and that way I can find them at the end and I can post some questions to Mike and get you guys some answers. All right, so again, chat is open. The Q and a is where you can throw questions specifically for Mike that I can throw his way at the end of our presentation. Cool. All right, let's dive into this. Let's get through this stuff first here. So a little bit about I SSA you guys. I just want to make sure you know who we are. Some of you guys are certified with us. A lot of names I recognize in there. First and foremost, I SSA has certified more fitness and wellness professionals than any other certification company in the industry. We started in 1988 in our mission and vision has always been to connect more people with wellness and healthy living year after year. We currently offer more than 50 certifications 50 five zero guys. It's a lot of certifications and it's growing every day. And we have a huge library of continuing education courses covering everything from specific nutrition topics to special populations and health conditions and specialized treatment techniques. So we cover the whole gamut. I also have to mention we offer more support for our students than any other company out there. Each one of our students gets access to a whole team of student success people that are here to help answer your questions as you get certified and even after you've completed that process. And we offer live in person learning experiences much like what we're doing today as well as self study options too. So we've come so far, but we're here to help you guys go further as well. Last little bit about I SSA before I throw it over to bread to introduce trifecta. And of course, this is due expand past personal training. Again, guys, lots of different fields that we cover in our certification material several different brands. And again, this is growing every day, including NCT, CBT, the functional aging institute, even revolution running and trained off fitness we've acquired. We have many different accreditations including NCCA and even we are yielded a lion certified now as well. So depending on which you're looking for guys, we have a lot of things. I love it. I love it. Lots going on out there. Now Greg, I want to hear more about trifecta. Talk to these guys about who trifecta is. Yeah, absolutely. For those of you aren't familiar with trifecta, we are the largest organic meal delivery service in the United States. We built some of the most famous nutrition programs out there like the USC fight prep program CrossFit's nutrition program. We title sponsor the Mister Olympia, you know, a whole bunch of different sports and fitness organizations MBA and a fel teams, etc. But vast majority of the people we partner with are personal trainers and, you know, the clients that they support, which is why we're talking you guys today. And we have a personalized fat loss and muscle game program that's that's run through the trifecta app. And for you guys as trainers, we do have a large affiliate program as well, which is a way to drive significant additional revenue. You know, above and beyond your trained fees that you're charging your clients. We have tons of meal prep options, you know, for everything for macros to specific diet types and you guys know having, you know, an amazing physique like Mike is a key to building your audience building your your fans and of course, your training business as well. So, you know, partnering with brands like trifecta can be a key way to bring an additional revenue as well as building your personal brand. Love it. Thank you. And you guys have great food to let's talk about. You guys are good of course programs that are specific to what you're trying to accomplish and I'm not just saying that because we partner with them guys, I've actually tried their food and I used to do it all the time fabulous food as well. Okay, yeah wonderful Jessica agrees Jessica agrees I love it. So enough about us let's get to the man of the hour okay, looks like you got some fans out there Greg I love it. Okay guys, so I have some questions that I'm going to run through with Mike a lot of them were already sent into us so we're going to start there, but if you guys have additional questions again, the Q and a is a great place to throw them. All right, you ready for this Mike ready dig in. Let's go. Let's start from the beginning take us back how did you start your journey into the fitness world. It's funny I always I feel like I've always been in fitness because I started training at an early age when I was a kid. My father had me in boxing. I started boxing when I was 11 years old so I've always working out and I always loved lifting weights doing pull ups running just being athletic. So I was a typical boy going up so on my life I've been in shape. I've always been the ring leader all my friends about working out. Excuse me so as I got older. You know I was boxing and I stopped boxing for a while and I was like, you know I need to make some money so. I said I was going to be a trainer right I know I worked out in the training so I get there but I didn't know I didn't. I know the business of training so I started out at goals gym and long beats like many years ago many many years ago and you know I had to learn the whole process of you know the business of training selling it. You know taking getting people you know sitting down and doing assessments just under third. I was first describing a legit program for the call for my clients the whole night. I learned so much in that period not whole lot of my success to go as gym. Even though they didn't pay me much they paid me a lot in wisdom and a wealth of knowledge and information and I still use it to this day so. You know I think them and you know the first thing first they may be certified. I got to tour one or two months grace period until you certified and I actually did multiple certifications and I said is one of them and I felt like it was. It just helped with credibility right like when I opened up my folder doing an assessment with my clients and they see my certifications over here. I did that kind of like as a flex you know like without saying hey I'm certified by so so just they they'd happen to see it there it gave me a lot of confidence but also just the information that you learn you have a lot of confidence when it comes to talking to your people because. You're you know personal training is a sales job essentially you got to be in shape you got to know how to get people in shape that's a given but you're never going to be able to do that if you can't sell yourself and sell your services. So you know having a legitimate certification that education process it gives you the the the ammunition you need to sell. So with any of my businesses my biggest marketing tactic is educating people on what I'm doing or my father so whatever so. I'm having that foundation like I said is it's is you know so no brainer so back anyway back to the question I started out personal training. And at the same time I was doing YouTube content and I was doing it strictly using it as a utility because you know everyone had before an after picture that our clients. But I thought it would be more compelling to have video of you know Jennifer only able to do one pull up and now she's doing 10 showing that progression. So that's what the majority of my content was back in the day and if you guys go to my YouTube channel. And you go all the way down to the bottom. I love a lot of those old videos on it so people can see the real growth and progression. I was filming stuff with my computer. It was not there was low definition. You know what I mean 180. And I was just message out but it was bad but it worked and people liked it right and it was like you know people seen themselves and my clients. And then every now and then I will put my own stuff. My workouts up there too and people really liked it. So I started growing like on YouTube and then I got on Instagram and doing the same thing and back then it was like 10 second videos. But they would love it you know and the pictures and all that stuff. So I was putting about an information that people could use like showing like oh check out this ad workout and this is before people knew how to build brands on Instagram and YouTube right. So it happened very natural and organic for me. I was genuinely trying to show and share what I do right and people love the workouts. But one thing that separated me from a lot of other content creators that was working out online was I was sitting down and explaining everything right. I was I was proud of my my the method of my madness right it wasn't just these small window thought right and that gave me a real good solid foundation with my audience and my community to be able to you know so products and services. And because they trusted me because I I spoke to them all the time so all of that stuff is a combination of things that blew me up and then. Regan I met. 2010 or 11 or something like that and we partnered in another business right that didn't do as well as my fact that but it was still good and you know people see me like really diversifying. And as fitness from the fitness face to other other genres and they were like really compelled so people started looking at me as my business guy and fitness so I already different combination of things that really made me stand out from everybody else. And you know the rest of the history. But since then, Greg and I you know we got together on tri-factor right in the beginning stages and Greg I remember on the first month hitting the $100,000 in sales and a month. And he flew down to Arizona like this is the business now 100 grand you know it's a thing but now we you know that wouldn't mean enough you know that but. You know it just shows like the growth over the years and you know not tri-factor is big as it gets you know as well as my company and brochure. And I think it's a big and tri-factor but we're on the way you know and and I all a lot of man Greg is like my big bro even on older than he's so smart with business he's brilliant and I watched him over the years just hit home runs and then a grand slam. I would try to factor and I'm super proud to call him my friend I always brag about him you know that but I do this mass smart you know and if you guys ever have the opportunity to be in this presence man he's going to teach him so much. That's all he does is just space knowledge because you know so much about so many things in terms of like business so you know my high soft to Greg you know flowers you know. But I appreciate it. Yeah so yeah I just met a lot of awesome people over the years in the industry. We're being one of them another one of my buddies Sean's where body he's back here and I just stay I stay connected with the best people and that's the beautiful thing about fitness you you meet some awesome people you know yeah I think about this. The mindset of a person that's in really good shape. They get up every day and go to the gym every day even when they don't want to right there mindful about their nutrition and food is the biggest drug the most powerful drug there is right because food is the number one killer and our country at least. What they're being hard disease or diabetes is all related to food people not being able to control how much they eat right so. So you know you meet these people and finish that all these in shape they never fall off. You know from the outset they're going to be some awesome people right some discipline people some people that really love themselves and you know you can't love somebody else if you don't love yourself right. I'm not saying just one being in shape is the end all to anything because it's not but it's a good indicator that's a solid person you know and what my experience I met some really awesome people in the industry. And we've made some lifelong connections of relationships that also turn into business relationships which is what we all need is in the day. So yeah that's a little bit of my my growth in trajectory. I love it well I want to dig more into that because you mentioned your company and broja and the chat just lit up people love your products. Yes working as a personal trainer how did you level up so we know that you used like your platform you created content you know they were filmed with a potato they loved that one by the way. But how did you change that and level up and really turn it into your own business I want to know Mike when did you first decide that you wanted to start in project. And broja we came up with that around 2015 I believe I had a company before that and that company did well it's still around but I saw my half of it. And I was working so much so hard trying to people all day shooting content I was starting to like lose energy and not being in good spirits when my people were coming to train. So I started you know dippling and dabbling with supplements and everything that I took. It will kind of I kind of liked it but there will be side effects or something like like with three workouts and stuff like that like the itchy skin and my scalp and feeling flushed in. So what I would do was after work every day well every day I take pictures of different supplement bottles right just the ingredients. So after work I will go home and I will research these ingredients I would like try to figure out what did what in each thing because I don't have a game is back around from school. So I taught myself so I did this like every night for months and I will follow Steve when my laptop on my stomach you know studying it was real so I started identifying the things that. That was not necessary that maybe feel XYZ and I'm like alright so let me see if I can just buy these ingredients and make my own stuff and I had no it wasn't necessarily to make a business out of it. It was for me you know and maybe my peers in a gym and make my clients so I started ordering. Romaterials or raw ingredients from China it wasn't the best stuff but it worked right and my kitchen look like a laboratory so literally making stuff in my kitchen and almost killed myself in the beginning because. I didn't know this I couldn't find a milligrams scale right you can find a grand scale we can't find a milligrams scale those are different right so. I would like a tablespoon of caffeine and hydros no no no milligrams X amount of milligrams of caffeine and hydros. They got to keep tapers for I don't know. It was way it was to say that was too much it's an understanding so this is funny so I take it is one of one of my and I felt great like five in the morning go down to the gym that started early. I'm like feeling good but then I'm feeling sad right I started slow down and I was wondering me and I wasn't even thinking about I took this stuff. And I like I told I can't say the rest of my clients like I got to go home so I went home and I literally slept for like two days right it was kind of like a puny and a coma or something. I woke up so the height like my mouth could barely open I was so dry and I was you know all felt emaciated you know I'm saying but what happened was I took I took enough caffeine to kill myself right you know I didn't know and the amount that you were supposed to put is like such a small amount because it's so. I didn't know that back then but I learned traveling era so since then I smartened up got with a guy who you know my popularity was growing so people were coming to me all the time pitching different ideas. They were pitching in a sense of like me being like an athlete or you know whatever I want I want to do a business you know because I feel like. If I have if I only I'm going to make your work versus you just giving me a paycheck you know and I'm not stupid like I know that if somebody's willing to pay me 10 grand a month. They probably making 30 40 grand off of me you know I'm saying so I'm like let me figure out I can do that so that was what I did so I got what I partnered the time and we made a company and it it well. But I dream big and I wanted to big things in my partner and I wasn't a line on that he's a good guy I never have anything bad to say about him but we had to just go ourselves away because he was comfortable where he was at and I wasn't so my soul of my portion. Within that time I'm a buddy shine and Mark will go in and I know you're heard of him as my boy we put together and brooding it was like a passion project you know and then brooding me food for the gods right I love like science fiction and. Like ancient mythology and all that kind of stuff so and brooding that food for the gods for like the gods on mountain and this I'm like that's all right so. We was like let's make. Back then the movie limit this that just came out and I saw it I'm like I need to make that right. Yeah, so you know just research everything is really going to market found the best one and I think it was alpha brain and I like that's our target let's make something better than that. So that's what we did with mental jules I was our very first part of and it just killed it. So we wasn't even we were what I'm Rosa we wanted to be very. Innovative with our ingredients and what our formulas want to be very intelligent about it and do things that nobody else was doing that's what we did we wanted to max out on the science but still make it affordable this is a ultra premium company but it's affordable which is it's kind of crazy but we're not we're our own the niece right. We didn't have the typical products that most people have we had products that was really hard to sell but that's why I was talking about earlier. My marketing got really good because I would educate people when ingredients on why this is important about it needs it what happens if you don't have it XYZ and one thing that I learned about people was people want to do good they want to be healthy they want to eat better. If you expose somebody to something that's really good for them they got to have it so that was like my marketing play it was education simple so you know the company just started growing growing like crazy. We started doing tours like an Australia UK just feet to around doing seminars educating people won't what we got and it just started growing so. Yeah that's when I sold my other company and I was like yo I won't all in with him rosette and we're doing you know it's doing pretty good right now so. It's awesome congratulations to you. Thank you. So cool love the journey to so I have so many more questions for you so I want to take it back to when you were training clients okay. Okay, so you don't mind I'm last you have questions that's kind of taboo but how is it making when you are initially starting the train clients we make. Nothing is off the table and no I was not making good money at first now when I first I was working for goals gym right so. You know the benefit of working at a gym is they give you clients right when you do start now is kind of impossible to get clients right especially you know trying to start out with content oh that stuff. So it was good they gave me clients however they only paid me 35% of what what I charge them yeah so. So they gave me clients and they also gave me the framework on how to do assessments and how to sell to them right so I'm massive that so I was listen I carry that tune right so the managers got their bonuses because of me so the P.T. revenue I brought in like 90% of that every month without like religious it was easy but I was making like three four grand a month in California so there's a point of perspective so. I had a plan out of one year plan to work for the gym and then go and dependent I wrote it down I forgot that I wrote it down and like. Ten months of so later I found that book and I let oh I did say this so I talked to my people I just some research applying gyms in the area. I found one for a natural flex I know you suddenly I probably carried that legendary metro flex on each. When it worked out I deal over there for me to go I love the gym so much that I didn't even bother taking my clients their first right they were like just bring your clients for month for free see they like it I had no they're not like it. Yeah so so I told all my clients like look this is the plan yeah when the counselors go almost everybody came it was a little bit further from like downtown Long Beach so and typically people like to stay within their little like small block radius. The gym grocery store whatever and that's very understandable but despite that most of my people came with me so that was pretty cool to be developing the culture and a cool so. Went to Long Beach so I went my first month of training independent but I can charge the same and I collected all myself I think I made like 20 grand my first month so from there yeah I made I started making one more better money. As a personal trainer so you know but I had to go independent it's hard to do it working at a gym you're not really going to make that much money. However I'm not I'm not like crap and I'm working for gyms is perfect for somebody to start now because you're going to learn a lot right and they're going to give you clients and if you work those relationships properly those clients will stay with you for life. Yeah and you're absolutely right it's it's tough when you first get started and you kind of mentioned it earlier that you got more education and you thrive on educating not only yourself but your clients. So when you started adding certifications and bonus you found a new place to work that appreciate what she will work and you're able to charge where and get more out of it. Did adding those certifications really help you not only find more clients but really make more income to that really set you up for success. And my opinion it does and I tell you why so when you work at an independent gym a lot of them don't require certification but I don't think that that's okay right I think that you should have your your on certifications regardless you should take your craft series or your not serious right so. I was a person in my gym that how multiple certifications of a master trainer right and you could say somebody can be really little with testing get a master certification and be crappy with training. You can bring up that argument but that's not the case when you know I'm not good at taking tests and I'm a good trainer so I earned everything that I ever accolade that I had. So and it showed in my work I took everything very serious there was a lot of guys in the gym at the same time and I'm the only one maybe two people out of that gym that really like took off you know I'm saying and I was the busiest guy in that gym I had to turn away clients so I think that that does have. When you take your craft series and shows right you walk different you talk different your work shows right and look my people incredible I was making something incredible transformations with my people and I was on point I was always in shape as well so I was very very much so invested in what I did and I've always been like that on my life so. You know and I had multiple certifications like I said even cross big certifications so I just took it very serious and people can see that and look. People you can try and go work for a gym without a search all you want that's cool but you're not is not like you're not a real business you know saying you're not going to be taking that serious and people are not going to have that kind of confidence in you like this other person with with their certifications you know. So I highly recommend you know if you're just trying to be in the space. I love that and I love that you're doing what's best for you that's something my parents always told me you're always looking out for yourself obviously not doing it at the detriment of other people. But you've always worked for yourself and I love that about you so when it comes to brain partnerships so of course you have an version things that you were doing your business when you have brain partnerships have they helped you advance your career and if so how did that help you. Yeah well you make extra money so that's good. But outside of that is just people see that your hot people see that you're desired right now you won't see me doing thing with brands nowadays because I don't do anything with someone that I'm not apart from right that's my own personal standard. I don't say that everyone has to do that for that's me because I know I'm like a marketing like a beast right so I know that once I turn on the market I have a whole team here so I know that once I turn on the market in the machine. It's going to get a lot of momentum for whoever I'm marketing for and what and I've experienced this before like you know they pay me I do what I do for them. But what I've done for them exceeds like greatly exceeds what they pay me right and you don't know that in the beginning and I have to go through that to run that to know my value so now when someone a brand wants to do so. I'm like look is guy to be some kind of partnership keep your monthly money I need a piece of business. It's going to be better for you and for me and you know I get offered like six figure deals five figure deals all this time. Simple posts but I just won't do what I have a standard for myself. I love that and that's that's amazing to point out mate because there's a lot of people out there that want to get where you are at least touch your feet where you are right get close to you. And that's a really great point to make that you don't just partner with everybody just because they have a check in your hand like right what's in it for me where is this going to go and how can we develop it to be something bigger right because you already know you're an legend like you can make it bigger but you want to make sure you get your piece out of that I absolutely love that about you. So when you were talking about so working with other brands is one thing but with your personal brand right my crush is a brand right hey we're not talking about him or we're talking about you as a person when you're building your personal brand and what you stand for and what you present to the public where did you start. Look it's the constant starts with the constant really it starts with who you are as a person you know and I this thing like I always got to be good with what's in the mirror at night at the end of the day so that's me I'm authentic I don't like anybody on this I do good business with people and and I care I fight in my work you know sometimes it may take me a little longer to put certain things out just because I wanted to be good. I really care about everyone that patronizes my businesses or even just I care about people that like follow me and like my consing like that matters to me so I always want to give them. Really good stuff you'll never see me you've never seen me post anything negative you've never seen me post anything talking bad about anybody criticizing whatever you only see me posting thing that have been efficient to people. good information motivational stuff teach them stuff you know I'm saying so that's me that's where it starts and I think people. I think I'm going to be a good person who far too often think about building a brand I never thought about building a brand not once never in my life so everything that people get from me is really why I'm this is. I'm in a sense I'm in like all kind of like history stuff and sometime that's the content that I'm giving not everybody likes it but that's why I'm being authentic to myself and our people that do like that stuff right. I think this is my foundation in terms of like business but my real foundation is like being a stand up guy and being a solid person so that's why I'm. I always preach like people loving themselves because you're not good to anybody if you're not good to yourself. I really love myself what's it those and so people you know when I'm dealing with people they get in a lot of love because I love myself and I shoot myself good and I shoot myself good enough to like work out every day. So fast once a week to hit the sign out of coal plunge like all of the things right to read to me myself better. That's the best way to build your brand is by pouring into yourself right and not thinking just business brands social media stuff because I don't think like that. Yeah, I love and that kind of goes into my next question I was going to say what advice do you have these guys for these people that are here all these people that want to and I think that's a mic drama moment right there like take care of yourself and be authentic to who you. And that's a great way to build your business right people are attracted to you as a person right. Correct and listen. Listen, be good to your people I don't care if you charge 20 thousand hour 20 thousand hour you give them excellent service you know excellent the worst thing in the world to me is bad customer service you know and so. Treat even if you don't work for the business right you're working for someone I'm sorry even if you're not working for yourself yet right you're practicing working for yourself you know I don't care if you work at McDonald's work that job would try or if you're too good for quit you know don't take their money you film me so whatever you do like do it well like really give them. Give your people an awesome like when I have my gym and Miami which I'm reopening some. I will tell my staff like look the gym is a sanctuary for most people like myself a lot of people. I said it's easy for y'all to make sure that each person you encounter has a good day just a compliment as your day you know just being nice it. Right and we create that kind of culture in my gym because they see me we're not coming to gym. I really will greet everybody because I'm like I'm happy like man this person paying a hundred thousand month to be in my gym you know I'm saying so I would like read everybody how you doing so which working on today. Oh for oh once you try this you know this feeling people out just touching the people and my staff was like that and the biggest compliment that I would get. I remember I was in Australia for an expo and there was people that visited this gym that lived there and it was like your staff was so awesome. That was the biggest compliment I could have seen because it showed that we developed the real like legit. Culture in the gym so that's what it's about so about culture. That's awesome and you kind of let in the right expression like I was going to find out what are you doing next what's next so you said Miami is opening when are you reopening your gym there. I'm actually living this weekend to Florida again I'll be there all week in meetings because I got so I told a few people out there that I you know I'm about to get back out there so everybody's hitting me up because people look. I've done a lot of good in the space right so people are trying to like attach themselves with me business wise. Sure and so we can do this together and you know I'm open to it for the right with the right people so that's one I don't have us a friend date yet but it's not going to be long. But one of my one of the things that I'm working on right now and I'm most excited about. Where my career has led me to is I'm doing a lot of like mentor mentoring right so. You know I have a good students right now that I hope you know. I was teaching them it was called the rich trainer challenge so I was taking personal trainers teaching them how to take their business from and just in the gym to online and even people that's already online teaching them how to scale it right so I have a you know my own. I'm a person training business called out for shred and I have almost 5000 online monthly recurring clients so I'm just teaching people how to do the same thing so. I have a bigger one now for people with like all types of whatever you do is not just business but it's personal development so master is called the sacred society and it's is really legit is teaching people like just just foundational things that everybody should have that's going to benefit you with whatever you do. But with it I have you know I've gained so many friends so many leaders in different industries they're all one of the part of it teaching their you know like say for instance I have a buddy that does government contracts he teaches people how to get government contracts I have a buddy that teaches credit repair he's going to be teaching that right my thing is still training person training. But we have something for everybody but the the maintenance of it is just self mastery right is developing like real like emotional resilience is fortifying yourself mentally physically spiritually and financially to that's very important as well. So the very first event the kickoff event is in September is Labor Day weekend if anybody is interested it's open to anyone I need you to pay a for us but it's sacred society dot I hope sacred society dot I hope is going to be legit. You know it's going to be a three day event in Miami Florida and it's going to be special it's going to be special as all guys say. That's amazing but that's what I'm most excited about right now. Nice yeah so it sounds like you have some big things I love that you're sharing what you've learned along the way not only here but you have programs for it now. Yeah, I was in the chat below and it up September Miami like they know it's okay guys you can use sacred society you said take a side to I. Right. Yeah. Definitely take a nice let me say this too like people I understand people want a lot of people want to be made money become you know financially free and I think you should right and don't be embarrassed about that because life is better when you have those resources to do what you want to do you know. But I got to understand this there's only one way it's only one is a couple ways but one main way to make money is helping people. You know, people are giving you money for you giving them information of service or photo and exchange so that's what I'm all about. I always say that I'm a serving you know and I live a life of service and it affords me a very good life. I'm a great he's he helps people by making it easy to get delicious and healthy food and a timely manner without having to cook go to the grocery store all that stuff right so he's rewarded for that so people are understanding you out of think about how am I going to help people. What can I do to help the most amount of people and the more people you can help the more money you're going to make you know I'm saying and I'll talk I talk about money all the time because society tends to like demonize that like as bad but it's not. It's good you know, it's nothing wrong with making money and and because you get to do the more money you have the more good you do for your people your family yourself. Or just have things whatever don't matter whatever you want to do what you do right whatever's important. Yeah, yeah very nice yeah so guys Mike is giving us so much information and some of you guys are already certified some of you guys are looking into it and when he's talking about getting certified he's given us some great information about why it's important. Talk about credibility. You're talking about making something making money which is important doing something you love and you can tell this man loves what he does his passion is unrivaled you guys. You can improve your own personal fitness he mentioned that earlier it's not that you have to look a certain way but being in shape is important right whatever that means you we have to be healthy and fit ourselves. You got to share the benefits of fitness with other people helping others he said servant leadership right that's what we're looking for be a servant to other people and that's going to really drive your career and there's so many career opportunities to work with people in different ways right it's not just in a big box gym I can's living proof from that plenty of ways that you can take this and make money doing it. So Mike I want you to talk to these guys about some of the different career opportunities that you've had and we'll start off with obviously entrepreneurship is something you know a very very well. Can you speak a little bit about entrepreneurship and then we'll go through some of these other ones. Yeah entrepreneurship that's that's my way and that's what I do. Everybody it's something that a lot of people can do here's a thing though when I first started with everything I was doing everything by myself and I'm going to tell you right now it's impossible to scale like like that right and then you got to understand and recognize with just strong at and where you're not strong right right so. Where I wasn't strong where I was strong out was like ideas concepts creativity execution marketing right but I was not good at systems at all you know so a lot of things that I did it cost me a lot of money. It made me a lot of time you know things like that but when I got with a legit partner and I'm a shadow my brother Sean Torbadi. She he's a systems guy you know I'm saying he loves sitting at the computer managing inventory is that a third. I'd rather stick a pencil on my I think that kind of stuff I can do it but I don't want to I want to be I want to do the creatives I want to you know I have a visions and I want. There's nothing like when you have vision you have a team behind you that can help you execute that right the leveraging my my creativity I'm leveraging their systems you know and that's what makes real entrepreneurship and real business grow. And also with entrepreneurship you have to think about this you have to think about. What do people need that they don't have or what can be better with what's up there right now how can we do this better right not I have no desire zero to do something that everybody else is doing. Or at least doing it the same way right so I'm hoping it's wouldn't space or doing something. I got I know that I got a better way of doing you know I'm saying so and I'm going to go out there and kill it if people want to love it so and I have supreme confidence with it. I don't I am not a plan to be person. I'm really planning it it's the only way to go right is going to work right and if it don't look like it work. That's just market research and we pivot and we calibrate and we keep going at it is just like to stop market you don't lose unless you sell. And less than what you bought in for you know I'm saying this whole long so I don't I don't fail I don't lose I don't do plan to. Yeah what about traveling for fitness maybe you didn't do this initially when you were working for yourself or like a bad gold jam or in your other studio. But traveling or owning your own gym or being a private trainer talk to these guys a little bit about that. I'm traveling I travel a lot I try to slow down my traveling past couple years but it's back up high crazy. But traveling is part of the game you know for a business person like I got businesses well first I used to travel a lot for different events different expose and. I'm going to tell you all right now when you're going to start getting traction for yourselves and getting attention and people are requesting you at different events make them pay you. And I'm saying because a lot of these companies they got money they have budgets but they're they're it's a person in between the checkwriter and the athlete that's found us. These people will type to get you know I don't know why but that it's a lot of companies is not it is greedy and not they're not generous for people and we try to be generous for everybody I know I am and you know if you want me you got to pay me you know saying. If you pay me you know so make know your worth and your value and for claiming and people respect that look if they don't respect you and not don't pay you so you don't need to be dealing with them. And I'm going to respect you they're going to write that shit to you that back but you have to be realistic where you are you know saying so make sure you're able to bring some value. And I want to make them so money because if you're not on his pay just to pay right just because you're cool or shit you don't work like that you have to have some intrinsic value that you're generating. Yeah I love that that's a big distinction right you have to bring some kind of value if they want it then they can for it but you have to also have enough value in yourself like you were saying earlier to ask for that or demand it right and just saying oh it's okay they never brought it up no of course they're not going to bring that you just mentioned that. And I'm going to try and squeeze that so that they don't have to pay you but they can they got it. And listen like and people respect people that fight for themselves that stand for themselves you know so I know I do so. You know just don't people fear like. They're not going to call me for this or they're going to think that's too much like not just starting negotiation you know the sooner you put that in your brain the better the better off you be. Yeah love that well thanks for that there's kind of career opportunities you guys and he's brought up quite a few. I want to give Greg a chance to talk to us a little bit about brain partnerships because some of you guys are looking to potentially partner with different companies or organizations or brands so Greg can you talk to us a little bit about the brain partnership side of this. Yes absolutely and you know want to give tons of of props to Mike for sharing all the knowledge that he sharing. I think whether you're building a brand yourself like Mike has done multiple times or partnering with brands you know Mike's Mike's a major shareholder and trifecta he was he was literally our first you know partner when it comes to. Content creation athletes etc and like he said we we partnered on previous company even as well. You know engaging with a brand can be an amazing way to. Drive additional income as well as you know like he said about Sean you know build and learn about the systems that the brand is bringing to bear. You know well trifecta is is very popular on social media I am not my job is to kind of scenes to make sure that we're shipping out millions of meals a year that we're. You know we're we're sourcing the highest quality wild caught salmon or you know organic veggies or you know grass fed. You know beef etc. So make sure you are either plain to your strengths or. Partnering with brands that can ultimately support those strengths when you're first engaging with a brand I mean reach out to them DM them on social media email and you know come to a webinar like this and. People are already chatting with me in the you know the Q and A while we're going through this like make a connection with a brand. Show up at a fit expo or the Olympia or or something and you know talk to the brand at you know at the booth there are a lot of different ways to engage with them. And then the ultimate that the ultimately allow you to you know connect and start building a partnership from the ground up Mike and I met at the LA fit expo in I think it was 2010. So it was years you know almost 13 years ago at this point and you know there are a lot of different things happening in the industry where you can connect with people. I'll try and blast through these because I know we're trying to get to to the Q and A so a lot of you guys will look at Mike and go oh well you know Mike Scott hundreds of millions of YouTube views millions of social media followers. I don't have that. How do I become somebody that's able to drive the type of money that Mike's able to drive and for that I would say you can still partner with brands as a creator before you become somebody who's a celebrity celebrity athlete influencer etc. And you can do that by you know in trifectas case you know partner with us on our affiliate program and create content that is still valuable for trifecta that we can share with our audience and that that doesn't that's not just with trifecta that can be with I SSA that can be with Ambrosia that can be with any brand in the space but you can you can create value even if you are not famous yet and. Helping people by creating that value like Mike was talking about is ultimately what's going to get people to follow you and make you popular in the first place. I highly recommend you guys target brands that improve your personal brand you know if that's supplements like Embrosia if that's meal prep like trifecta that's online training like I SSA like all of these are ways you guys can improve your personal brand and ultimately. That make more money yourself they they improve what you guys are doing already on your social media with your clients you know maybe you own a gym or your trainer or your online coach. You know do partnering with these types of brands that makes sense for whatever space you're in is ultimately going to help you improve your your personal brand even further. You know the next one I wanted to make sure you know I brought up with you guys is like contract structure value add like in the beginning if you're not famous like Mike. You know the main thing you're going to want to do is look for for you know what we call affiliate contracts or partner contracts where you're able to. You know ultimately drive revenue for yourself by sharing revenue with a brand that's very easy to do I already shared in the Q and A how anybody on this call can can sign up online and become a trifecta partner you can do the same thing with Embrosia you can do the same thing with I SSA. As you add more value as a creator in the beginning and eventually as an influencer over time you can improve the amount of money you're making from the contract so. You know Mike is a shareholder in trifecta but we've also paid Mike. Hens at you know at this point hundreds of thousands of dollars you know over the years we've been we've been partners so it's a way to increase your your. worth over time as you increase the value that you're giving to the market. And that can start with you know simple things like additional revenue streams from an affiliate program like let's say you're making five grand a month personal training right now well if you get your. clients to each trifecta then maybe you're now making seven grand a month, seventy five hundred a month and your clients are all getting six packs because they're training with you and doing meal prep. You end up becoming more popular with your clients in the first place because you're you're partnering with supplements or meal prep or you know online training partners that actually add more value to your clients. So like these are the types of things that allow you to engage with the brand and you can do this at any level you've got. 200 followers on Instagram, you know you're still able to become a creator and create value for a brand and you know creators oftentimes can can drive thousands of dollars a month themselves just by putting you know. If you know additional effort into their brand partnerships so wanted to give you guys the backstory on how to like partner with a brand at any stage because you don't have to be. Famous like Mike is you know to ultimately partner with a brand you can come into. becoming a personal trainer right out of the gates working at gold gym and becoming affiliate with and brozier ISSA or trifecta so. Hopefully useful for you guys as you think through your journey from wherever you are today to. You know become in micro sheet and you know. Living in Orange County in Miami and having a maybach and all the all the fun stuff everybody. Absolutely. The big a big takeaway for me you guys with this that yes it's it's not easy nothing in life is easy it's simple to get involved with the brand but just know you're going to have to do work right you're going to have to get them some kind of value which we brought up that word value quite a few times today. Have you decided to subscribe to my statistics on how far in taking the work you've done and I'm fits you and everybody you're going to be there. Hopefully all of you guys can be there and a lot of stuff are going toologique that's making the deal got you why that. I don't know if you're sure about the things that sort of are different from hard even if the chatting you're going to need. Especially if we hadn't been very right for us in Atlanta- how did everyone in harbour and recipes that would be really I've just heard the next or the video for me in already think about them on here well and just you know that you're fully at my age. So to celebrate with you all through the high-고 ng compliment emotions is really so to think about. online build your personal brand without even thinking about your brand. That's a great way to go about it like Mike was talking about and build a reputation. This man has a solid reputation. Just because he was who he was, he's being authentic. And then of course, like Greg was talking about connecting with brands, other trainers, influencers, tons of ways to expand your reach and expand what you can make potentially at the end of the day. Because at the end of the day, guys, without money, we don't have things, right? That's just the way the world works. And he doesn't want more, right? Just like who doesn't want a better butt, I think everybody does. That's a thing, okay? So I want to get to the Q&A in the last few minutes that we have your guys, but first we've got prizes, who's ready for some prizes. So if I call out your name, associated with any of these prizes, just know, Dartanians said me, just know that we are captured your contact information from what you registered with this webinar with and we will be in touch with you to get you your prizes. All right? So we first have two specialization courses from ISSA that we're giving away. Our winners for this are Joe Wheeler, Joe Wheeler, and Zeffron Michael. Zeffron Michael. Sweet, those are two winners for those ones. For our Ambrosia gift cards. Mike has been kind enough, you guys, to give us $400 Ambrosia gift cards for the supplements. Our winners, we have four of them, Ivan Castillo, Rachel Rosensteel, Adam Cates, and Terry Allen. Congratulations, you guys. And then last but not least, Mr. Gregg has kindly donated $200, tri-fecta meal prep gift cards, you guys, two of them. And our winners for this, drum roll, Jaden Henderson, and Don O'Dell. Congratulations, you guys. If you heard your name, we have your contact information. We'll be reaching out with how to get that Tio. So cool. Great job, you guys. We do have some awesome little deals for you guys. Of course, Mike gave you some insight in some web addresses to go to for some of the things that he has going on. We'll make sure to get that out to you guys in some future email communications. But for those of you guys who are looking to get certified, we have a $200 off our CPT and nutrition bundle. We call it the fitness coach. We have a code for you guys, tri-fecta, $200 that you can use. And for those of you who are already certified, looking to expand your knowledge, like Mike was talking about, we have an extra $100 off ISSA specializations for you guys. The code tri-fecta $100. All right, I'll keep these on the next slide. But guys, I'm going to get to some questions that you guys had for Mike. We pulled these out of the Q&A. Some of my think were answered. But let's see here. How should I, what, there was a question here, Mike. What are some of the best platforms to use for social media? The best platforms. To talk Instagram, YouTube, Twitter. I think those are basics, right? Did I miss anything? Really? Snapchat? Yeah, I mean, I would say, like, one Mike did that is so smart as he started with the good long-form content on YouTube. So, you know, if you're creating content that allows people to get to know you, definitely YouTube and then TikTok and IG reels are where it's at. Video video video. Get them to fall in love with who you are as a person and they will ultimately end up following you and then and appreciate your advice. What should somebody do if they don't really enjoy posting on social media? Do they need to kind of change their mindset about this? Well, yeah, if they're trying to develop a brand and you want, here's the thing. It used to be, you need to be in a magazine, right? Everybody had the magazines and you see the supplement companies, little write-ups, and you would know if it was an ad or not, of course, the ad that they made it look like is not an ad, but now no one is picking up magazines, everyone's picking up their phone, they're going to Instagram, they're going to TikTok. So you've got to be where people's attention is at, right? It used to be a time when the billboards was where you had to put your money at, right? But now it's the plan feels level. You can promote your stuff for free when you're phone. So, you know, you got to, and I'll even take it as step further. When I started, I was doing YouTube, like, really early, and a lot of people were like, what was this YouTube thing? And I would tell them what to do. I would try it like this, but they would just do it in just work out. Like, you got to talk, you got to explain everything. And there's a lot of people who didn't talk, right? I don't like my voice, I don't want to talk, but no one's going to buy anything from you, you don't talk. You don't just work out and then have a product in it, and you think that's enough for them to buy it. You have to talk to them, they have to feel comfortable with you. You know, when you read an article about somebody in a magazine, you learn a little bit more on them, right? The same way communicating. Now, look, there's going to be people that's not going to like you. Good. They're not going to buy from you anyway. You don't want them. You want the people that's there for you that's going to like resonate with your personality, your character, your sense of humor, whatever. So, you got to like, you know, unless you're going to be a behind-the-scenes type of person, then that's fine. You don't need to be in social, but I think social is a good place to keep your pulse on things that's going on. You know what's happening, right? It's a good way to stay on top of the market. Sure. Yeah. So, it's not necessary, but it's kind of necessary. Right? If that makes sense, you know, like, I know you said that you started in person, and you worked for Gold's Jamie Sett thought it was a great idea to start in person, get your feet wet, and really figure out what it is that you want to do. But some of these guys were asking, is it best to start training in person, or could they just go straight into online training if they wanted to? What were your thoughts? Yeah. I mean, you can't, I would say if you're not making money yet, maybe start in a gym, but if you have a photo call, there's people like myself that teach people how to go straight on line, right? So, the resources are there. It's a learn. Here's the thing. Now, days look. Now, days, this is the easiest time that someone can become financially free, making $ million. You know what I mean? I'm washing it every day, literally. It is going on my mind. So, right now, there's a real legit time, but you gotta like know, you can't have any self-limiting beliefs, right? Lock it in on a plan, on a goal, and go for executed. You know how to do it? There's somebody that can teach you. There's plenty of people, right? So, the resources are there. But yeah, you can't go straight to online. Perfect. Yeah. Okay. So, let's do one more. I know we've run over. Thank you guys. Over 300 of you have stuck around, which is awesome. So, one more here for you, Mike. If you're in, I love this question. How do you build a brand or build your business in a place where people can't really afford a trainer? Nor is fitness something they're looking forward to. So, in an area where maybe it's not a thing. How do you make it a thing or make you popular and have to be a thing? Yeah. That's why we have online, right? Yeah. You can either move. That's an idea. And I think that that's the thing to do. I've been in certain places. I'm like, why do you live here? You know what I'm saying? So, and then there's other places where it's just thriving with energy, right? So, being a place where that energy feels good to you and the right people are there. That's one way. It's a little harder to do that. But you can say, if you get all that and go right online, you know, just build your online presence. You know, like take the courses that people are teaching, you know what I'm saying? The resources are there in and abundance. I could tell you that right now. You know, so, I mean, my stuff like we're teaching people a lot of different things in terms of making money online, right? To me, it's like, if I can teach you how to make, because here's the thing, I used to be like, a lot of people care about the people make money. But now understand, if you can teach somebody how to make money, they can, you know, and I've been doing that for the past two years now. So, and I'm not going to stop. So, the more money I can make somebody, the more money they're going to pay me. And that's a good thing. So, it's a lot of people that's teaching you how to get online and maneuver and figure out your lane and make money. And listen, I'm going to tell you these systems work. These systems, if you learn these systems, it doesn't matter if you're following, it's going to sell, you know? Love it. Yeah, you're right. There's definitely things out there that already have shown you the way. So, go find them. And guys, some of those things are some of the programs that Mike is offering for now and on a program, too, guys. So, I know a lot of you guys are already connected to the Human Social Media. If you're not, go find them. Looking up. He's playing his day. Go find them on social media. What's your favorite platform post on, Mike? I don't have a favorite. I don't want to be that guy that's like super religious to one platform. Yeah. You can change this, right? Right now, I'm having a lot of success on TikTok. With my company, we're making a lot of money on TikTok. And I'm late to TikTok. So, I'd show you all what respect I respect every platform and I use everyone. I'm on top of that. I don't have a favorite, really. If I was to say it would be, you know, YouTube, because that YouTube really helped me develop my brand. It gave people a real insight into who I am and it made people really like resonate with me. And YouTube is a success by having a lot of my businesses. So, it's my favorite, but I'm not married to YouTube. It's your favorite, but not your favorite. I like it. Yeah. Yeah. Yo, your YouTube channel is awesome. I'm not going to lie. My favorite video actually is the one where you were buying your house in Arizona. And you like when you took us on a tour of your house, I love houses. So, I was like, I was all about that video. So, I love it. Your content is like so expensive. I love it. It's not just one thing. It's about a lot of stuff. Yeah. So fabulous. You guys, make sure you guys are connected. With this, Mike, you couldn't probably see the chat, but a lot of people were dropping their Instagram handles and how do I connect with Mike? How do I connect with Trifecta? Guys, they're in here. We're going to make sure that they have the chat and no bread was all up and through the Q&A. We'll make sure that they have your contact information, but like they were telling you guys, you reach out. You find them. Go reach out to them guys. Connect with them. Direct message them. Get into some of these programs that Mike is offering. Great. I looked like a couple of you guys here have done that. So, great opportunity to connect with these phenomenal minds that are in this session with us. Gentlemen, Greg, Mike, thank you so much for joining us. This has been literally our best webinar we've ever done. Super great information. Awesome to have you with us, Mike. Can't express that enough. Thank you, it's a lot of pride. I want to real quick. Yeah, it's up. Yeah, I've seen some questions about my mentors, your sacred society.io. Yes. Sacred society.io. Also, y'all got a young legend in the chat right here. Greg, go and blow his IG. This guy is like sitting on a nine-figure business. You know what I'm saying? Like, this is not, this is rare. You know, saying you don't always have people like this in your presence. So, go to his thing. His IG and ask him questions that he's a wealth of knowledge. And I keep some sharp. You know what I'm saying? But you want to learn? Well, go to Greg's IG. Greg's, he's the guy. I appreciate it, Mike. And last thing I'll leave you guys with is give us feedback on what you guys want to hear from us on next. You know, like, we want to do more of these webinars with, with trifect in the ISSA. So, you know, and hope to have Mike back on some of them. So, you know, let us know what you guys want us to talk about that would be valuable to you guys in, you know, in order to, to do more of these type of webinars. We really appreciate it. Absolutely. Well, you guys here at your first, we'll be back. We'll bring these guys back. So, I'm looking forward to it. Keep your eyes out. We'll make sure to let you know when that's going to happen. But again, thank you so much, gentlemen. Thank you guys all for staying with us. We can stay on for another hour. I'm sure. But for now, this is where we leave you. Thank you again, gentlemen. Thank you to everyone who is here. It's been great. We'll talk to you guys. Thanks, guys.

=== FILE: Bulletproof Feet： Unleashing the Power of Integrated Care and Fitness [a64ly807Css].txt ===

Hello, hello, and welcome. First of all, I'm really excited about this educational opportunity. Today, we get to talk about bulletproofing your feet for movement longevity. Now we'll give it a couple minutes before we get started. And one thing that I like to do when we start these things, I always think it's cool to see where in the world everyone is coming from because we typically have students from all over the world. It also gives you an opportunity to find the chat and the Q&A sections on this webinar. If you've never used go to webinar before. But if you're able to share something like that, that's great. It's really exciting for us to see where in the world everyone is coming from. Again, this is an exciting one for me because today we get to hear from someone that I got to learn quite a bit from. Someone that's influenced me over the years and influenced the way that I train myself and definitely how I train some of my clients over the years. So again, we'll give it another minute or two before we jump all the way in. But again, today, some great information, some great prizes that are going to be coming your way at the end. And also some opportunities for discounts on products from Dr. Emway yourself and from ISSA. Dr. Emway, I think I'm going to get started. We've given it a minute. We've got a good number of people here. So, why don't we jump right in again? We're talking about bulletproofing your feet from movement on gravity. So today, the agenda, what we're talking about, we're going to learn about activating the nervous system. And this is going to be a really important point to take away because this is really going to be kind of the start of how you start to improve but health and improve functions. Speaking of that, we're going to talk on integrating foot strength and what that means is how we strengthen the feet and how that affects the rest of the body. We're going to talk about how stimulation of the feet can help with circulation and help with recovery. Then we get to do some Q&A. So please do get in the Q&A section and ask your ask away with your questions. I'll take note of them and we'll have a chance to ask Dr. Emway the questions at the end of our webinar today. And then keep in mind, we do have some prizes for you guys and you are going to have to be present in order to win these prizes. So when we make the announcement at the end of this webinar again, you will have to be present in order to win. And just one last thing, be sure again, put your questions in the Q&A in the chat so that we can have an opportunity to ask Dr. Emway all these questions at the end. Alright, next up a little bit about us and ISN say, we are the global leader in fitness and wellness certifications for over 30 years. Our vision at ISN say, it's connect 100 million people to the power of healthy living by 2030. 2030 feels like something in the distant future that number sounds so far out there. That really is right around the corner. We have over 50 fitness and wellness certifications and specializations and we have world class student support, including success advisors, online support spaces and live and structural lead classes for many of our courses. So a couple things about why today is important and some of the things that you might be able to take away from this presentation. You see, are your biomechanical foundations? They're your little foundation, but they're also very much the foundation of a lot of the movement, a lot of the exercise that we do on a daily basis. Dr. Emway is going to talk to us about stability and how that can include hip strength. We're going to learn a little bit more about how the feet are connected to the core, the fascial line. So if you want to actually functionally strong core, be better be taken care of those feet. We're going to talk about how there are thousands of nerves in the feet that control movement. And then we could talk about how this applies to your own personal fitness practice and your professional fitness practice. Okay, that's enough of me. I would like to introduce our speaker for today. We've got Dr. Emway's click on again. She's someone that has a lot of great education out there. Someone that I've learned a lot from and someone that I got to do some work for in the past. And her education definitely influenced the way that I take on my own personal practice. It's certainly influenced my professional practice. Dr. Emway, welcome. And if you could, please let our listeners know a little bit more about you. Of course, thank you so much, John. And thank you to everyone at ISSA for this opportunity. It is a pleasure. It's an honor to share with you a little bit about my background and how I look at fitness. But also about feet and how important it is to be bringing in some sort of foot-focused programming, and pursuing recovery. And I'm going to demonstrate to you a very easy way to integrate this. So if you're already doing a little bit perfect, if you've been curious to learn more about feet, then this is your opportunity. As John had said, my name is Dr. Emway Slickel. I go by Dr. Emway. I am a Penaetrist. So I am a clinician. I'm also a human movement specialist. But very, very proud that I have been in the fitness industry for over 22 years. So I've been a personal trainer of taught group exercise. And now I'm primarily on the side of fitness education. And I do that primarily through my courses to be at a global. I just say, actually just picked up some of our courses, including our barefoot training specialist. We'll have more information on that at the end. And then of course, novos, so novos is actually very integral to this webinar that we're doing today. So I am the CEO and founder of Novoso. And I'll be speaking about those products. A little social fun on the bottoms. If you want to say hello over there, make sure you check that out. But we are here to get some education. So my key takeaway for everyone through this hour is that I want you to understand that it is actually the consistent daily habits or rituals that you do every single day. Nice and committed to them. That has this positive, cumulative effect on your foot health. That's what we're talking about here's feet, but really it's movement longevity. And most of my messaging is built around how do you use foot strength, foot recovery, foot health to support really everyone's end goal, which is movement longevity. So consistent, make sure doing something daily. You want to train your clients to then be doing this daily as well. And it's really easy simple steps. You're just talking in like five minutes a day every day has an awesome accumulative effect. So what we're going to do is we're going to go into the pyramid of healthy feet. So you can think of this as the three layers of what I want you guys to start integrating with yourselves and your clients starting today. On the bottom of that pyramid is going to be activation waking up stimulating. Once we have that activation layer, then we want to build strength. So strength on top of these activated feet. And then of course recovery is going to be on the top. So we got activation strength and recovery. You can also think about healthy feet movement longevity based off of three different systems. And we're going to explore these three systems as well. Of course, the one on the bottom right musculoskeletal, it's very obvious. We probably assume that there would be some sort of musculoskeletal reference. However, I want you to also appreciate the really powerful nervous system influence that foot health has on movement longevity. And honestly, as I go further into my career, most of my passion actually lies within the nervous system, the brain, just it's really what is influencing movement and performance and recovery is that nervous system. And then finally, lower left, we've got our circulatory system. Really important that you cannot under appreciate the importance of having a healthy lymphatic system, healthy blood flow to and from the area that you're trying to recover. So that's going to be the last little piece that we'll cover throughout this. Well, let's get started. Step one, bottom of the pyramid activation, waking up. Obviously, we're talking about nerves, your nervous system all the way down at your feet. This is going to be your peripheral nervous system. And when we think about your peripheral nervous system, we actually can break this down a little bit more specific, because that's what we do is we get into the nitty gritty. You can break down your peripheral nervous system or the nerves into two main types. Now most people, when they think about the nerves and the feet and the ankle, they're going to use the word appropriate sectors or appropriate section. And many of you would probably say, yes, this is how I refer to ankle stability in the nervous system, right? If we're training on a wobble board, a bow suit, you're doing any sort of balance exercises, that is going to be quote unquote proprioceptive, right? An ankle stability, movement stability is based around proprioception. Now I'm here to tell you that it's not that simple that you actually can break it down a little bit more. There are another type of nerves that are called mechanoseptors. So now when you think about the foot and the ankle, I want you to think about proprioception and the mechanical reception, okay? So we're going to go back to the first one that we're familiar with, which is proprioception. Propereosceptors, muscle spindle, GTOs, if you remember that from your personal training exam, right? These are found within your joint capsules. So every joint, doesn't matter the joint in the body, is surrounded by a capsule, which is a soft tissue web that is blending into the ligaments, retinoculum. You have the tendons that come out of it, so there's a lot of fashion, and obviously it blends into your fascia. So it's a very connected tissue-fastial rich around a joint, and why those nerves are around the joint is they are signaling stretch. So when you move a joint that stretch to the capsule and the proprioceptors tells your brain where that joint is in space. That's referred to as joint position sense. So how does this go back to your clients and performance and movement is movement accuracy? Movement stability, athletic performance, is based off of very rapid perception of joint position and any shift in joint position. So you want to make sure that your clients are very appropriate, separately, aware, because that gives them better body control. So we need to wake up those proprioceptors. I'm going to go into a little bit on how you can do that, but right now if you're doing anything that is unstable, wobble board, both suit, dine and disc things like that, you essentially targeting the proprioceptive system of that ankle of the foot and the ankle. Now another one that I speak about in other courses that I have to EBA is that your proprioceptors are also very much based around carrying weight. So weight resistance and you can think of proprioception like a hug. And when you wear compression apparel, compression apparel actually hugs your nervous system and stimulates proprioceptors. So anytime I'm trying to wake up the proprioceptors, I tell my clients or patients to wear compression apparel to use wrist weights, weighted vests, because that essentially stimulates a proprioceptive system or to hold something that is weighted. Like at Nabouso we have a two pound stick. The two pounds when I hold this stick is technically pulling on my joint capsule, which is stimulating proprioceptors. So some fun tricks for you. Let's go to the other side. Mechanosception. Now mechanosception is my favorite, because it has to do with barefoot science, barefoot stimulation, surface science, and all of the footwear science. But mechanosceptors are found in the skin and the bottom of your feet and the palm of your hand. This is called glabra skin. This is called hairy skin. Grabra skin, palms a hand bottom of the feet, is unique skin that has unique mechanosceptors or touch receptors. Now when you think of these mechanosceptors, you can break them down into two main groups. If you look at the slide, you can see that there's an SAA and an FAA. The SAA means slow adapting. So they are constantly reading the environment. For example, for your hand, is if I'm holding something like my coffee, which is not coffee. This is lemon water. But I'm holding something and I'm talking to you. And there's this subconscious process happening over here to know exactly how hard to engage this cup so that I don't spontaneously drop it. That is based off of SAA mechanosceptors. Now in standing, because of course we're talking about feet, that would be standing in one place. That's called quiet stance. We all have a little bit of a sway and the SAA mechanosceptors in the bottom of the feet constantly read underneath your feet to maintain upright posture. Now the FAA stands for fast adapting. So it responds to a stimulus and then shuts off, responds and then shuts off, which means the best way to stimulate FAA mechanosceptors is through movement. Okay. So now real quick on here, how do you stimulate the different mechanical sectors? Because this is important if you want to activate your feet. SAA one, we're called this two point discrimination, also known as texture. This is actually the premise of everything behind Noboza. You can see the image on the screen or if I hold up one of our insults, you can see that everything has these tiny little pyramids. And if I push my fingers on it, do it on the mural ball, and I have the little dots that kind of looks like braille, which is exactly what we are stimulating. We stimulate the same nerve in your feet as your hand uses to read braille, which is called Jermorkeldesk. So it's a very specific stimulus, which is very powerful. Your SAA tuner finny ending is skin stretch. So this is when you might use some sort of kinesiology tape. Any other sort of athletic tape, you can stimulate your rfinny endings. And then real quick, your FAA one FAA two core puzzles. If you look at the slide, it says are sensitive to vibration. Where we experience vibration every single day through our feet is moving. So ground reaction forces are perceived by your nervous system through your feet and these core puzzles and is perceived as vibration. So real quick fun fact, if you need to use that vibration to understand how hard you're striking the ground to create a loading response to control movements. If you put lots of cushion in your shoes, guess what that does to that vibration? It absorbs the vibration, which means that the nerves in your feet don't get the stimulus. So it's a big part of where that minimal shoe argument lies is within your need to feel the vibration so that you can move well. Okay. Now I just want to give you a quick foot fat around this is that your mechanoseptors, the peak sensitivity of these nerves in the bottom of your feet is age 40. By the time you are 70, you need twice the stimulation to create the same response. So for all of my listeners right now, or if you're on the recording, if you were working with older clients, think about this. You need to make sure that you are stimulating their contact point with the ground because if they cannot feel their feet, they cannot control their overall posture and their movement. So I'm very passionate around what I call barefoot, baby boomers because I want to get barefoot stimulation, especially in that aging population because of this. Okay. So great fun fat. So here's some tips on how to wake up and connect to our peripheral nervous system, step one. Think about the shoes your clients are wearing. Now they don't have to go all the way barefoot. They don't have to depending on where your training, certain commercial facilities, you cannot do that. I understand it. Or could you train the client in the yoga studio in the group ex studio so you could control the environment and take their shoes off? Could you go into more of a minimal shoe, then a thick cushion shoe, right? So at least you're getting more of that stimulation into the foot or do you throw in something like an aboso insole or the socks which are shown on the picture. And there you go, even if they have cushion in their shoes, they got a sensory layer that is activating the feet. Your second, harder surfaces are always more stimulating than softer surfaces, which means if I had a choice, I would want to train my clients on a hardwood floor. I don't want to train my clients on thick cushy carpet on a wrestling mat. I want to get the money surface that is harder. So try to think about that when you train your clients. Of course, no bow, so it was a great way and then releasing your feet. So studies have shown that if you do just a five minute trigger point release to the bottom of the feet, you get an immediate improvement in balance. How cool is that, right? So I love everyone to start their sessions, five minutes release their feet, slide your shoes back on totally fine. And then let's go have an awesome workout. It's just part of how I do my movement prep. Okay. And that's what I want to show you guys. Now is how to do a five point activation. Now here you can see in the picture that I'm using in Neuroball. Of course not everyone has a Neuroball. It's totally fine. It's not required because I'm going to just show you the five points and then you can use a golf ball, a lacrosse ball. Or if you want to check out the Neuroball, then check it out. There's a reason why it's designed the way that it is that I'm going to show you momentarily. Let's see if this will play. Okay. So what I want to show here is if you can see the video, there's five points in the bottom of the foot. It's a five point release. You're going to do each point for 30 seconds. You can see the different points of where I am indicating on the foot. You got the heel. You got the middle of the arch. You have the ball of the foot. And then you have here the lateral side. And then the medial side. You got these five points is where you want to think about it. Okay. And then what you're going to do is if you have a Neuroball, if you want to check out the Neuroball, the ball is going to split into two pieces. So you can see that I'm pushing my heel down. It's going to split into two domes. The two domes are designed so that you can release both of your feet at the exact same time. It also allows you to do pinpoint pressure release much more effectively than with a golf ball or in the cross ball. So it keeps your hips nice and level without shifting those hips to asymmetrically if you think of with like a lacrosse ball. Okay. Added bonus is you obviously have the texture on top and the texture is going to wake up those nerves and it's also going to improve circulation, which is going to be the last thing that we're focusing on. So I'm just going to show you real quick here. So you can just see that I'm doing the five different points. I'm not going to go to all five points with it. But you have now the five points that you would stand and release. Remember, 30 seconds per point. If you have the neural ball, you could do both feet at the same time. If you don't check it out, but also you could use lacrosse ball tennis ball golf ball. Okay. So that's going to be really important thing for activation. That's your step one. Step two. Next higher level of the pyramid is going to be strength. Now when I talk about foot strength, the foot strength that I'm referencing is your deep foot muscles. These guys, the intrinsic, the intrinsic muscles of your feet originate and insert in your foot. You can think of them almost like your deep abdominal muscles, your pelvic floor, your transversive abdominals. And guess what? They actually connect to your pelvic floor and your deep pelvic muscles. So your deep foot core, your foot core is actually connected to your core core. So I call that foot to core sequencing, foot to core stability. And these muscles vary uniquely, contract, I symmetrically. I symmetrically. So that's how we want to engage. She's in guess what I'm going to teach you right now. How to do this in a very simple way, very simple way. And then I go much, much more into this in the barefoot Chinese specialist level one. And I have many videos on YouTube. But when I refer to foot to core sequencing, strong feet, strong core is really what you're looking for with your clients. Because if you think about it, let's say if I'm doing a squat, a box jump. I'm throwing a ball. I'm doing a launch. I'm doing a bias approach. It doesn't matter. You need your center of gravity to be stable. And where's your center of gravity? Right? L5S1 boom. That's where we need that stability. Why your feet are so important to that stability is that there are only concept points between the body and the ground. So if I'm going to have a client doing a bias up curl, I want them to not just engage with their core to be strong doing the bias up curl. But I'm going to have them also engage their feet. And then their core is technically stronger. And therefore their bias up curl is stronger. So we're just thinking about the body in a very integrated way. This is referred to as your deep front fascial line. It runs from the tips of your toes up your lower leg, through your aductors, pelvic floor diaphragm all the way up to the tip of your tongue. So when I teach people how to create foot to core stability, sometimes I'll also call this toe to tongue. So you want to be stable from the tip of your toes all the way to the tip of your tongue, which is super fun. And that is what we are going to explore right now. And I love having interactive engagement when I do these things. So I'm going to have you guys join me just the way that the computers are, the cameras. I don't see you, so I'm just going to trust that you're doing it. If not, don't worry. I'll just do it and you can take some notes and then see how it's going to work. But this is what I'm going to have you do. So I have my feet here. I'm going to have all of you stand up and join me. And I'm going to start by having you guys find what a neutral position is. Now right now I'm barefoot. So I would actually like you guys barefoot if you're an environment that you could be barefoot. I'm also standing on the nebos of Florian. So this is textured so that if I was your client, you could be using the texture to cue me and build an awareness of where my foot pressure is. So we all start by standing with our feet shoulder with the part hands up on your side. And I want you to shut your eyes, just shut your eyes for a moment. And let's tune into our feet. And I want you to feel and find where your passive pressure sits, passive pressure, passive weight. Okay. And if you sat the for a moment, you just assessed, do you feel like your body weight is even between your feet? Or do you feel like you have a little bit more pressure on your left foot? Maybe your right foot. And then if you were to assess the front and the back, do you feel like you have more pressure to the front of your feet? Or to the back of your feet? And then finally do you feel like you are maybe a little bit more on the inside of your feet? Or the outside of your feet? So just take a moment and assess. And then I want you to open your eyes and I just want you to think about where that pressure distribution is. I want you to do the assessment. I feel like my pressure is kind of to the outside of my feet and into my heels. So if I was your client and that's where I said that's my pressure, then you could say, well, the one-terdex, or at least because you're always on the side of your feet, why do you think you have a IT band issues? Why do you think your hips are always so tight, right? Because of how you're standing passively throughout the day was so much pressure onto the outside of your feet. So then you would want to teach me how to quote unquote financial. So what I want you to do is just kind of assess where that was and then that's my mutual. I want you to keep your feet shoulder with a part. You're going to find your foot tripod, which is underneath your first met head, fifth met head heel, lift your toes up, spread them nice and wide, and place them back down onto the floor. Now just doing that, you should feel like you are more balanced in your pressure and you could do a little assessment and see that. Okay? Now the next layer of what you want to focus on for finding a neutral foot, a much longer conversation than what I have right now. But if you see my feet again, if you look, if I'm standing like this, technically that's pronation we go into that and the certification. But if you're pronating like this, I need your clients to rotate. So I just externally rotated in my hip and that put my foot into a more neutral position. So I'm on my tripod, my toes are spread, and then I externally rotated my hips to put me in a neutral position. Okay? The final final piece to this powerful neutral foot is going to be engagement of our toes. And the way that we're going to do that is through a exercise called the forward lean. Forward lean, you're going to stay exactly as you are, please. You're going to imagine that your stiff is a board, stiff is a board, please. And I want you to gently rock your body forward to your leaning, kind of like a ski jumper imagine that, right? And the slide back into a vertical position, again lean the body forward and then back to a vertical position. So I'm just going to show you real quick my body from the side I'm here and then I'm leaning to see how much I actually don't even have to lean that far and then I come back center. I lean and then I come back center. Every time you guys do that, what do you notice happening in your feet? Your toes should be going boom, straight down into the ground. Do you guys feel that? Yes, if you do. Yes, what? I was activating a postural reflex. That postural reflex is a really easy way that you can get your clients to activate their feet without doing a complex queuing about toes and engagement in all of this. Simply do the forward lean and it will do this reflex. Now, if you want to bring in a little bit more specifically, you want to be able to do that engagement with your toes without doing the forward lean. When I do this, I like to teach people one foot at a time so I can be all centered on my right foot and then release, push my toes into the ground and then release. So I got my focus on just one foot. You can take your time going through each foot, engage and then to get it into your core. What I'm going to have you guys do is go back to your feet, shoulder with the par, foot try pod, spread toes nice and tall and this time as you lean forward and you feel your toes pushing it to the ground. I want you to engage your transverse abdominals, engage your center of gravity and then bring it back to a vertical position. Lean forward and engage your transverse abdominals and then bring it back. Now as you lean forward, the last little piece is just see what it feels like if you put your tongue to your palate. So I'm leaning forward and then I bring it back. I can't put my tongue to my palate and talk to you guys. Sorry, so just try again, lean forward and then bring it back. Okay. Your trick again is can you engage your feet, engage your core, tongue to palate without the forward lean and then release. I like to use breath to guide this as well. So the way that I would do that is I would tell the clients in health or your nose into your belly. And then as you exhale, keep exhale, engage your core, keep exhale in, push your toes down. Try not to do the forward lean this time. Keep exhaleing, bring your tongue to your palate and release. Great. So just real quick, how I tie that with clients, right? Is Leslie I'm doing, oh my dumbbells with me, but let's say I'm doing a bicep curl. It's the exercise for today, I guess. Is I'm going to set my base, spread my toes, engage them, engage my core, toes go down into the ground technically, that's called short foods. And then I'm holding the dumbbells and every time I curl, shhh, I push my toes into the ground, I'm engaging my transversive dominoes as I do that bicep curl, and release. You can do the same thing with the squat, you can do anything with an overhead press, you could do it with a lunge. But that foundation of foot to core stability, that's what we're going after. Okay, good, good, good. It's called short foods, called foot to core, total tongue. It is powerful, powerful, powerful, powerful, powerful, power, the power, foot to core, look at perfect that was. Okay, so that is going to be your second layer, is that we are focusing on strength. And when I talk about strength, this is where I am saying it is integrated strength. Strong feet have to be connected to a strong core, otherwise your feet are not strong, they gotta be connected integrated. Okay, your third layer, as we're wrapping this up here, is that we are going into recovery. And the focus of recovery is going to be our circulatory system. Okay, that circulatory system to have sufficient recovery, you have to have proper circulation. You gotta get the garbage out, right? And one of the best ways to recover, the best ways to recover the foot in the ankle and the muscles of your lower leg is through movement. And the reason that movement is such a powerful driver to circulation is because your calf is actually considered your second heart, how cool is that. And every time your ankle moves up and down like a pump, it brings that blood back up to the heart. So one of the most important things for optimal, just total body recovery, is that you have to get your foot an ankle moving, which is really walking, is the best way to do it. But it's you want to get that ankle driving contractions. Okay, so movement, calf pump, muscles contracting is a way that we want to drive recovery and circulation. Now, because you also, you've sensory stimulation, which as I said is one of my favorite topics is how do we bring in sensory stimulation to optimize recovery? And I'm going to go into a couple, it's not just no, so there's a couple other sensory stimulation. One of my other favorite sensory stimulants for recovery is going to be vibration. And here, we're talking about the whole body vibration platform. So if you're familiar with them, if there are any of the facilities that you might train out of, this is just one example of using whole body vibration and it increased skin blood flow. So they're showing that just 10 minutes of sitting your feet on a whole body vibration platform increased that foot circulation, which meant recovery to your feet, okay, which is really, really important. This one, which I love, is showing that after just 50 steps, you get an increase in skin temperature and skin circulation. I often get asked that if people their feet are always cold, maybe they have renaues, which is like a micro spasm, where like their toes can turn white and blue and different colors from circulation. I always get asked, what are different ways that I can increase circulation to my feet, right? Or if you do work with the older clients, circulation is a big concern. So here, we already have whole body vibration platform. Awesome. Walking, taking just 50 steps, that's huge, can increase circulation to the feet, therefore supporting recovery. Love it as well. Here's another one. If you allow the vibration of ground reaction forces to get into the foot, guess what? How does the body and the foot absorb the vibration coming in? The muscles have to contract, right? So by wearing minimal shoes and doing more bare foot movements, you force the foot to contract and it really is foot contractions, muscle contractions that drive that circulation process. Okay, this is actually one study that showed. Just in case of your really intimately shoes, here's a huge argument for you. It was showing that if you wore minimal shoes and just walked like daily walking in them, there was a 21% increase in FDB as your flexorjage torn bravest, but it intrinsic muscle size. That's huge, right? You're actually showing hypertrophy of foot muscles from wearing minimal shoes. And the reason is that sensory information is going through. So you're getting that contraction. And then of course you drive circulation. Might's all about circulation. And then finally we got to talk about nebosso and texture. Right? Is the ability to increase circulation using some sort of texture. And of course, we have seen research studies around this where they will use texture to then stimulate into your dermal layer. Because the dermal layers where the micro circulation sits, the epidermis is the exterior. One layer deeper is the dermal layer. And that's where your micro circulation sits. So what's cool, about the pyramid texture on nebosso is think the pyramids can actually penetrate into the dermis. They obviously don't break the skin, but it penetrates to then get that micro circulation stimulated, which is awesome. Love it. Love it. Here's an example of our recovery socks. You can see the little indents. We call that venebosso effect. And when people see that when they use our products, I just want you to think of that as like yes, I'm doing something healthy for my nervous system. I'm doing something healthy for my circulation. And then of course you're releasing the muscles as well, which is great. So as we wrap this up and I know that there's some prizes for you guys, there's time for some questions. I want to summarize this for you guys. So you can have your key takeaways that you can implement right away, right away. Okay. You got this pyramid of healthy feet. This three step pyramid are little steps, little steps that you want to do every single day. The way that I integrate this, let's say with a patient or in your case with a client, I'll tell you exactly how to structure it throughout their day. Activation, I would tell my clients, your patients or your clients, my patients, to release their feet every day, five minutes in the morning when they wake up on the neuro ball. Right? You get the activation. You get the circulation. You get that textual stimulation. So you got five point foot release, first thing in the morning, do it when you brush your teeth, right? You kill two birds with one stone, which is awesome. Walk around barefoot in your home while you are waking up and getting ready. You have course put slide on the socks if you want and that's getting the stimulation as well. But for me personally, every morning, I actually walk around in our duo in Solceez or in my house the first, that's part of how I wake up and then I do the neuro ball release. Boom, checked it off the list and didn't even have to take any time away from anything else. Two strength. What I have people do is still while they're getting ready. Ladies putting on makeup or you're waiting for the coffee to be made, something like that is the strength that forward lean, right? So let's say you release the feet, you're still brushing your teeth, you're getting ready. Okay, you did the neuro ball release. Awesome. Okay, fine neutral. Okay, forward lean. Do your forward lean. Five to eight times. Make sure coordinating your breath and your foot to core. Boom, that's it. Five to eight times and you did something for your integrated strength. I absolutely love it. And then when the client trains with you, you are going to cue them a little bit more and tenfold, toes down core in exhale when they do their exercises. And then finally, end of the day, you're done training clients or your client is back home. Say, guess what, that recovery, slide on the recovery socks, release your feet on the neuro ball again. When you brush your teeth, because you got a brush your teeth twice, right? Do it again so you get that recovery and that reset. So I want that to be a demonstration on how easy it is to start to think about little, tiny habits that you and your clients can do every single day to make a big impact on overall foot health and movement longevity. Super easy to do. And of course, you can expand much, much further on this with other intentful exercises. But this is my go-to way to really help people start to get into that foot health mindset. I really thank you guys for your time. This is the barefoot training specialist certification through ISA and I know that John's going to be coming back on to share some information. But definitely do check out the barefoot training specialist. There's a level one and a level two. Level one is all about understanding foot anatomy, foot core, the fascial lines, the sensory side of the foot and then of course some programming and then assessments. So really really powerful course for you guys. Wow, thank you so much for all that information. Hopefully you guys were taking notes. And there was a question in the chat asking how you can rewatch this and everyone who registered for this is going to be receiving, I think to be able to watch this via email tomorrow. So whatever email you submitted in order to register, that's how you're going to receive copy of this webinar. So we do have a couple of things that we want to get done before we wrap up today. We've got some offers that we want to talk about. We've got a couple of prizes to give away. And someone did mention in the chat that the neuroball and some socks seem like a must have where you have an opportunity here. Again, we have these offers where the prizes and then we do ask with questions. So the special offers for today from nevoso.com. And then bolso.com.board slash i as a say, use that code i as a say, 20. And then as far as specializations like the barefoot training specialist, you can get an extra of $100 off all specializations. But again, including that barefoot training specialist and you're going to want to use the code nevoso 100. All right, we have some prizes to give away. And hopefully we have some names sent my way. So I can announce who is going to win the neuroball and those recovery socks. Hopefully it's that first new comment that they must have. And then we aren't given away a free specialization of your choice could be the barefoot training specialist. So in the bolso neuroball and recovery socks are going to Jenny, Guy Tan or Gay Tan. So congratulations. You hopefully you're the one who wanted to neuroball in the recovery socks. I'm assuming all of you did. So so I'm assuming you're going to be happy with that. And then for our one free specialization from ISSA or winner is Terry Keller. Terry Keller. So again, for the neuroball and the recovery socks, we got Jenny, Gay Tan or Gay Tan. And for the one free specialization, we have Terry Keller. You'll be receiving some information from us so that you can claim your prizes. So congratulations. So again, we do have some questions for you, Dr. Emily. So you've got a few minutes here. Hopefully we can address all of these before we wrap up today. Okay, so our first question. If someone has feet issues like a collapsing arch, what are some recommended shoes or accessories to have? Yes. So let me go general on it because there's actually many different types of flat feet. You may want to look at using something like an over-the-counter arch support, possibly. The one that I do recommend for my patients is PowerStep. You can get it on Amazon. It's like 40 bucks. So it's not a huge investment for these individuals. And then for a kind of going true by a mechanics, you'd want them to have a slight heel-toe drop. So most minimal shoes are zero drop. You could actually find more of a transitional drop, which will be 46 millimeters. And you're giving them just a little bit more control in that foot. But that's what I would look at initially. And then of course, you have a whole rabbit hole to dive in that I could go into like hours and hours. I'm explaining the differentiation, but that's a really good question. And if you do come across things like that, then that's a reason for you to kind of start to dive down that rabbit hole. Yeah, and the good thing with that with Dr. Emily is if you want to deep dive a lot of this information, she's got tons of information at there. Plenty of videos at there tons of great information. Next question. This was asked when you were talking about stimulation. The question was, how does this work for people with neuroopathy? I love that question. Great question. Yes. So neuropathy, which is oftentimes sensory. So it's sensory neuropathy means that there's decrease, not necessarily complete, but decrease sensation in the foot and using different stimulation. So we actually have done pilots with nebosso and neuropathy. We're actually doing an IRB controlled research study. And we had profound effects that people had a photo and coat numbness from neuropathy. And they actually felt the nebosso texture and it improved their photo awareness. Their balance they feel much more confident when moving because they could actually feel their feet again and feel the ground. So not that I just advocate nebosso on it, but just realize that neuropathy and I can't feel my feet. I am coding this because it's what they would be saying. Does it mean that they're completely void? So get them on the vibration platform, get them on harder surfaces, try the nebosso products, try a trigger point release to try to wake up those nerves. Great, thank you for that. Okay, next question. So do you do this five point exercise before every workout or should this be daily or maybe two times per day? Oh my gosh, all of the above. Five minutes in the morning, five minutes in the evening, that's really what I recommend for every person. But then if you're working now, you want to use it as an activation. Let's wake up the foot, let's wake up the muscles. So then I would say on those days, technically they're doing at three times a day, right? And it's super easy to do. It takes, you know, two minutes to do it. Yeah, a lot of the stuff is really pretty simple. And you know, just to share this, when I first took some of your education way back when, I kind of thought of it as kind of advanced personal trainer education, but what I really found out was a lot of the stuff was fundamental to just being a healthy, happy human. And that's why it really really struck me as important information because although I looked at it as a fancier again, I found out that this was fundamental stuff for everybody. So thank you again for that. You mentioned that walking can be a good way to get some recovery for a number of reasons. Did you have any recommendations specific recommendations for how much? For how much walking? Yeah. Yeah, so I would, I mean, for that, I would say your clients just keep them active. I'm sure we've all had the workout where you're like, whoa, I can't even move the next day. We're really the best thing that you could do is to go back to the gym and just lightly walk on the treadmill, just get those muscles contracting, which gets the muscles moving the blood moving the ankle pump. Another way is if they are like super sore on it is using thing like the normal tech boots are really good because it's focusing on circulation. You could just go in and do vibration platform as a way when you're really sore. But the movement is really, you will recover much faster from that damage, essentially that you've done to the muscles and the tissue by at least doing something minimal moving. Got it, got it. So kind of building off of that. Now we're going to talk about minimal shoes. If you choose to wear minimal shoes, so this sounds like someone who's thinking about it. If you choose to wear minimal shoes, you have to commit to wearing them all the time. Oh, no, no, no, oh my gosh, absolutely not. So the way that I have people transitioned from traditional shoes to more minimal shoes, one of the best places to do it is in the gym. And if you're thinking, hey, I'm going to do, you know, my normal workout, unless the workout is very highly ballistic. Well, let's say you're doing just traditional squats, upper body, you know, maybe a few machines and stuff like that. Then that is one of the best control environments for wearing the minimal shoes. And that's why I'll have people do their adaptation to it. Then I'll have people do it, maybe around their home or around the office. I practiced in New York City for 10 years, so which is massive walking city. So it was very different how I would guide those those individuals to transition to minimal shoes. If you're more like a driving city, it's a little bit easier to kind of transition to minimal shoes. And then just make sure that you slowly increase the time. I will say that I have many, many patients who are personal trainers and they train their clients all day on their feet like eight to 10 hours a day and they wear minimal shoes and then they get planetarhyde is. So just make sure that you realize that standing is actually really hard on the body. It's not natural to stand on hours. It's natural to move your body is designed to move. Your body is not designed to sit and your body is not designed to stand. So prolonged periods on either of those, you've got to do a reset. Right, but you could, you could offset that by doing a neurobore release. God, thank you for that. So my takeaway from that is is to kind of start slowly. I think we've both known a lot of people who heard that minimal shoes are good for you, so then they buy minimal shoes and start training for a marathon and that's probably not quite the way to go bad. Right. All right. Next up, what would you recommend for clients already experiencing clenther fasciitis? So make sure that they see someone. This is what I was saying. It's probably the easiest one. To get a consultation, a lot of people don't ever go to a consultation and they try to treat it themselves or through all of their friends. I try to tell them how to treat it. So I would just say, hey, if it's consistent and they've had it for more than like a month and I would say, hey, just go see a podiatrist and they can check it out and then you'd be able to guide them a little bit better through that. But with planar fasciitis, I never do a no pain, no gain thing. I also don't do that anymore after I do 240. I really listen to the bodies. You don't want to know pain, no gain it. There's a reason why the foot keeps talking to them and they need to give it that true rest and recovery. Got it. And, you know, I've been there with the planar fasciitis and it is debilitating. So it's all here, you know, now one. Okay. So we had another question and it's kind of, I guess this person's trying to adjust to injury. They've had multiple healed fractures and some nerve damage and and modifying things have become a necessary part of their life. So that's kind of broad. But is that something you can speak on in terms of how this person can approach you know foot care because I'm assuming what they're talking about is these these fractures and nerve damage are in the feet. Can they message me? We've got the doctor Emily. Yeah. That is a big question, but it's a but an important question for sure. Yes. Yeah. No, definitely reach out. But I, I, I, it's probably a long answer. And, bear with me one second, I'm seen if we've got any more that have come through here. Looks like that might be the end of the questions. Dr. Emily, anything else that you'd want to add to any of the questions that we just that I just asked or anything else that you'd like to add before we start a wrapping's up here? I've seen the last thing is that I'd really like you were comment about feet and thinking about feet and foot recovery or shoes or foot placement as really fundamental, not necessarily advanced. And I think that that's a key takeaway that I would like the listeners to have as well. And think of it almost as up there, important with breathing and how it's really important to understand the power of breath during different exercises, the type of breath, the coordination of breath, the timing of it. And that's how I look at feet as well as it's as fundamental as breath. Absolutely. And it does look like we do have one, one other question here. And it's, it's again asking about if the ball would help with neuropathy, but then this personal sense that I teach older adults and do barefoot training through yoga, but looking for more things to do more exercises to help them with this. Yeah. So I would honestly check out the nabo so products and you know, disclaimer mentioned on that. I've known them, but they're really easy to incorporate the neuroball if you want. Obviously you're going to be doing balance exercises anyone who has neuropathy, you're going to be thinking about fall risk. Right? And what do you do with that client to mitigate their fall risk? Well, step one is you need them to feel their feet. So could you do that through barefoot on an abostal mat? Could you do that by teach them how to do short put in the forward lean, bring the insults into the shoes. You're doing things that helps them to really build that awareness. We also have a kinesis board which is a micro wobble board. So it's not like abosto. It's very micro perturbed. That's great as well. And then looking at I have a lot of videos as John had said on YouTube where I have a lot of lectures on neuropathy. And you could even go to YouTube and search Dr. Emily neuropathy. And you will probably find several lectures from me where I go into a lot of the science of neuropathy and how to start to address it. Awesome. Awesome. Well, Dr. Emily, thank you so much for sharing all this information. Again, for all of you listeners out there, I truly believe this is fundamental information for everyone's health and fitness. And I'm doing the deep dive into the education that Dr. Emily has to offer. Can be a game changer, especially for a lot of you out there who are working with people with a lot of these issues that the plan of fasciitis and neuropathy etc. So again, Dr. Emily, thank you so much for sharing all that information. Congratulations again to Jenny and Tutary RR Prize winners today. Again, keep in mind, you will all be receiving a copy of this via email. So you'll be able to watch it again and go back and kind of listen to Dr. Emily explain some of the basics of how to take care of your feet because again, it is a fundamental thing. I'm just not realizing I've never did actually introduce myself at the beginning. My name is John Bauer, one of the content developers here at ISSA. And this was exciting to be able to have you, Dr. Emily, on. So again, thank you so much for coming on. And thank you all for joining us today. And I'll look forward to seeing all of you again next time when we have another great webinar for you all. Thank you.

=== FILE: Easy Ways to Grow Your Fitness Business Fast [GVTZ2gxCKEo].txt ===

{\an2 하면. {\an2 {\an2 Lebanon. {\an2%© effective. {\an2© low-papa farmers.\//

=== FILE: From NFL to Fitness Mentor： Jawon Chisholm’s Powerful Journey to Purpose & Impact ｜ ISSA Inspires [FxwQF7nghKs].txt ===

I, as I say, Kurt Mangam, the second here, I, as I say, is VP of partnerships. I'm excited to bring you another I, as I say, in Spideyers with one of our certified fitness professionals, John Langeism. He is a former NFL running back. He's a standout college star at the University of Akron. He's from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. He's now back in his community as a business owner. Literally collaborating across the city, getting back as a public speaker, working with you, working as a student conditioning coach and an elite ISSA trainer. We're going to be bringing him right now to be able to share his journey with you all. What you can do to be able to follow in his footsteps or use his journey as some inspiration as you continue to elevate in a fitness industry. So really excited for how I say inspires and bring you all. John Chism, John. Thanks for joining us today. Hey, man. Thanks for having me. Thanks for having me. I'm excited, man. I was getting to do it. We're fired up. So I do want to start by saying, I'm, this is a special moment and really special for me because not only you're an ISSA certified fitness professional, but this is a full circle because me and you know each other before I, as I say, being teammates, John and I both played my graduate year. Got my master's university of Akron and played my senior season as a team made of Jowans. So I was chasing him around the football field trying to tackle him and practice and it was no easy feat. He was absolutely dynamic. Fat has all of the things that you want in a dynamic running bat and great size, speed, athleticism. And that's why he got an opportunity in a field with the Pittsburgh Steelers. So really excited to be able to want it to hear about your pivot and transition from being a college athlete and stand out star to being a business owner right and in the success that you're having now. But also what was that journey like in between? Could we have a times people see like the success of being a star and college sports and then they see now how many years successful business owner. But what was that journey like? Whether any valleys that you experience in between that process? Man, I thought that a lot of times, most of us athletes want to work this over. We kind of don't know what's next. And I always try to tell the young athletes this and hopefully something young athletes are on this to help them throughout the path and growing up and things that are nature going through the college and whatever else is next for them, even high school. So starting it out right, all goes good. We're doing great. We're being praised. We have a schedule, coach is telling us where to be, how to be there, the pan for food, their pan for room and boarding, it's telling me that for you, right? But the data that ends that all stops and life we have and certain different things, they cycle you down off of a lot of things. Sometimes when you fire right, you got a grease creator. When you got to get out of your house, you got a grease period. However, sports is not like that, right? So the data that you're done is the data that you're done. All right, so all of a sudden, I got to find out what is next for you on. What is next for whatever athlete that is. Who am I? I think who am I was like the most? That was the deep down side you really want to know who is your one. Like I am not carrying a football no more. What do I have to offer? You know, what do I have to offer? And then you start getting lost in those thoughts and it's like, all right. I don't know who I am. I don't know who I am and that's the most curious part because most people fall into addiction, they fall into depression, they fall into extreme anxiety. You got people that don't even never come out the house because of they don't know who they are. Or what should I do next? So that kind of was like my path, like going through the depression, going through what's next. And luckily I had a family that could back me, but in most cases a lot of people don't have a family or when it's over we all know most people treat you just like a normal person. You know, I remember working jobs. Pepsi to be to be as that. I would fill up refrigerators with the sodas. I was a merchandiser and I remember vividly the same people that praise you and told you you were going to be this and oh, it can't wait for you to get here and then do that. Or the same people that would walk right past you on the store while you fill it up sodas on the racks and in the shelves. That kind of was like that that moment for me. I was like, all right, then you who are you? You know, so going through that depression and then trying to get back going up to 260 pounds. Starting at 173, I wasn't 173 in college, right? I mean, high school. So falling through that deep depression and then coming back up to 260 found level food, right? I had to even know food with addiction, right? So I started falling in the level food, man. I started coming in the happy place. So it's just becoming one day is like man. This thing, this thing what God put me here for is this is not who I am. Having those deep talks with the mayor. Like I always tell people, I always tell people, talk to the mayor, talk back. You know, talk to the mayor sometimes. They talk back to you. So just having those deep, those deep talks like I man, you just put here for a reason. And once getting out of that through of course, a lot of help. Treatment to people like yourselves, things that I natured that motivate you throughout the process. And now today, what I do is more so give that same, that same kind of aura back to the people that I see going through it. They don't even know that I know that they're going through it. But I know from going through it. You know, so having that deep understanding of what it is and making sure that I'm giving back to these athletes of what I do today within the business that I own, also within fitness. So I do fitness and I do sports performance. I'm able to see from both spectrum, both parts of the spectrum like, all right, I see this guy that got up to 260. I don't know where you are. I know where you want to be. Let's do it. Let's attack it and give them that motivation and let them know that it is possible. Still showing my pictures of when I was 260. And to these athletes is keeping it raw as possible. Like listen man, you don't understand, like, all right, you, they say you four five star, but you and got four five star work. And when it's all ends, somebody is going to be sad, right? And I understand what that real sad is on a 33 year old guy. You're just 18 year old kid who don't understand what I'm telling you. And I'm going to keep it as raw as possible and I'm going to keep it as real as possible. So that's why I know that's my purpose today. You know, you know what I'm saying? I said, say help me really deep dive into that. No one, no one diverged it, no one how to talk, no one how to scale my business, no how to take it to the next level. And we two and a half years in man and well, see no signs of stopping. You just, just are killing it man, how are killing and really giving back, keeping it off then. I love it. There's so many jewels and gems that you just dropped in that moment, which I appreciate so much. And there's we got a lot of trainers and fitness professionals and maybe even people that are thinking about giving to the fitness industry that are similar to you have gone on their own journey, right, of discovery of like you said, having those moments in a mirror of like, I went to weight loss or transformation myself. I went through some of these challenges myself. I now want to pivot and do something different, right? Maybe I'm not enjoying you know, for me, I remember working in fast food. I am working in a coffee shop fast food, right? And this is after being team captain and all American and all of these things. And I'm dumping the garbage is and you know, scraping the, you know, the gum off of the, the bottom of the tables and serving people, you know, and people with treats you, you know, and this is an airport, people with treats you bad man and you know, kind of push a coffee back at you. So you have those humbling experiences. What was the journey like as far as the education side, helping you with the confidence that you can do this, you can pivot in a fitness because only being in the fitness industry or getting certified to want to have years ago to already have your own gym to be partnering with the YMCA, to be a public speaker in your community, to be given back on all of these ways. I think there are so many people that want that. What went in, I was just with love to hear more about just what went into your journey of I got certified. What were some of those steps in your process? I think first thing first is when I first started out, I was just in the gym for myself, not really knowledgeable. I will go on YouTube just like most of most of the watchers are whoever sees this, going YouTube and fine, just workouts, right? You see your biggest influence there, see them doing some crazy stuff and then you go and try to do it, but you not see those results. And I kind of was me, right? I will go in there and be on a treadmill all day, not understanding what really was going into this, why am I doing it? So once I became certified, which I recommend everybody to, especially if you want to pivot into this direction, it's like knowledge. Make sure you're getting in the knowledge so that you can be efficient what things you work. So being a efficient world, knock out the rest of the bull crowd, right? So getting certified, took me to that next level by understanding, okay, I understand my body, my body's not the same as Kurt's or the next person or the next person. Or my client might not have the same body structure as the next person or just plans understanding what to give out, understanding that if you got the knowledge, you can take it to another level. Yeah, you think you got the knowledge, but until you look deep down inside of it and get to the bottom lines of it, what's ISSS, I say help me with getting that certification and really reading it to it, really knowing the dynamics of how to take it to the next level. So I was saying anybody out there looking to get into fitness, make sure to ask a lot of questions, make sure that you get certified, whatever that is, I'm pretty sure they have plans for you to get certified. They have so many different ways you can do it. Don't be scared to ask questions, don't be scared to reach out, reach out to somebody. Maybe somebody can help you get that certification, maybe it's programs for you to get the certification. But in order to take it to that next level into the scale this man, don't be scared to ask, keep on building your knowledge, make sure that you're always in the books. And that pretty much what that pretty much simplifies it out. And also you got to have one thing, that's hard work. If you don't got the hard work, you can never take that next step. If you have the dream of doing it, but you don't have the work ethic behind it, I don't think you go anywhere. Even if you had a certification, are you, or are you had the money to go buy it? Whatever that is, you can't do nothing without hard work. Only how you scale up is through hard work. And in the beginning, as a business owner, you're going to have to do some things that people that 10 years in don't have to do. So just take the system, continue to work hard, grind, ask questions, and make sure you get certified. And the certification is going to take you to another level. And it's also going to get you into doors that the next person can't get into without that certification. Man, you want to such a great call out, because so many times, you know, there's, and you touched on it, there's people that, you know, social media that's posted and worked out videos, tips, different things. But not having the certification, there's so many, there's so many challenges, right, if you're not certified, just the fact of a client ask you, tell me, are you certified? Right? You don't want to be a situation where you can't say that. Now, actually, I haven't taken that step and gotten certified or you can't have insurance to be able to actually like train clients. I know you have your own gym. And so the certification allows you to have insurance to be able to cover your clients and those elements. I see a comment that we have here. And please, continue to drop questions, comments that you have for Joan. We're going to be going through. We're going to be answering these. We've got one comment here. Color the wind, yoga, which I love the comment. I went through these challenges that Joan mentioned as a musician. I had to say a lot of them has stuck my own yoga teaching practice. Joan, I think that's it up a perfect example of what you touched on when you said, there's different programs and opportunities. Everybody has their own language. So the way that you mentioned, strengthen performance. So you went and correct me if I'm wrong. Got your certified personal trainer, certification, also, strength of conditioning, working with athletes, working with the youth, also working with adults. So it's almost like you got a two for because you're working with the parents. The youth right and it allows you to have seasonal clients, your round clients, continue to grow, which is a great idea. But then, as this person commented, yoga is another pathway. You don't have to have a one size fit all approach. You can literally look at whatever certification, whatever path. And that's one of the things that I love about ISSA is that ISSA has 50 different certification. So if you're trying to figure out what's the right fit for you, if you don't know, I will say click the link in the bio and just literally do your research. Go in, check it out. Look around. Check out Google and see what's out there from about our website, ISSA online, has a ton of those options. And just like Joan, it can be that step for transformation for you. I'm going to go to some more to comments. Oh man, we got people coming, the gold, one of the most solid, man, Joan is most one of the most solid folks in the community. I know that. Come on, that's got to feel great. And to your point, you touch on something that I think a lot of times can be overlooked. You mentioned overcoming some of the depression and even some of the addiction. If you don't mind, just share more about your journey because I think there's some people out here that that can really help them bless because they may be at their lowest moment or their low right now. And they want to be able to have some inspiration to be able to get out of that right. So the touch on yoga and then I'm going to go right into it because yoga is on this line of what I'm about to say. Coming from that music industry, which I heard is kind of, you know, it's a little bit more different and we can translate that to sports, right? So all the same. Once it's over, once you get to love, you get to love, right? But through yoga, I was doing hot yoga, darn. Once I came out of my depression, I was doing hot yoga. I never knew the benefits of my fear of telling the levels are low. My dopamine levels are low. So I'm going to do things that I nature and once I got into yoga, I was able to be free, be a piece, just be myself. And I'm like, I didn't know yoga had this to get, right? So to anybody out there that may be going through something hard right now, please look into yoga. That's one. And just touching on the depression topic, man. Like, I just didn't know who was next. And I told with this hit, we in the house, I can't make nothing happen. Zero dollars, my wife's taking care of everything. I don't feel like a man. I'm feeling less than myself. I'm here, but I'm not here. I'm trying to sleep the days away, come to find out. That's the worst thing to do. You want to get up. You want to be active. You want to be out. You want sunlight. sunlight is one of the best vitamins that you can have. And just have that understanding and faith in believing in God. Like, okay, this is just a moment. You know, I always thought that this was just a moment. And some of my clients, when I post on them, my stuff, they were like, hey, what made you pull out the camera when you were 260 pounds? Or when you was 170 pounds, you just gone through this. I said, I remember, I always knew one thing. I bleeding God, one and two. I always knew I'd get back. I knew I would. You know? And my difference is coming out of football. And I just wanted to be numb. So for the athlete out there, for the music industry, the most famous question is what? Oh, you still playing football? Oh, you still saying you still rap? Well, a little dude must have been loaded at her. You know, it's kind of like, and then most of the time, I believe, most of you know you don't do this no more anyway. So it's just like that. It's just like that. You know, it's just, it's just that. It's not. It's not true. You know, it's poking at you. So that was one of the biggest things that I was just on a high from being back until my city from just being all the way up here. Now I'm back down here. So you think, and the reality once you become, you know, and and tune with yourself, you're not really, you're not really there. So for anybody that's going through any of that, just know that one day, you'll be all right. But, make sure you're taking it one day at a time because without what I come to learn is today, I'm way more patient than ever. What did I learn that through through those hard times? Do that depression, do that addiction? I learned that yesterday's not going to be today and today's not going to be yesterday. Just keep on moving forward. And it's just teaching you for something that's big to come with with things you're life and your life span. And right now, I couldn't be more, more thankful. Like, man, like, gratitude, man, like, let's forget gratitude. I said all the time. It's not too much things that can get me out of the norm. Like, I just try to stay present. You know, like, stay here and just remember those days, the hard times, like, things you want, like, you made it out of there, man. And I got to written down upstairs. You're going to help a lot of people. I look at it every day. Like, I got something written upstairs. You're going to change lives. That was back in 2022. That's we had 4,000 followers at that. We had 115,000 online platform. I've been paying over 300. I've been paying over 300 people by now and 2 and a half years. I didn't battle. Man, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't been through those spectrums, man. I didn't, I didn't been through those spectrums to where I can get back. Also, more powerful, more powerful testimonies. The three jobs that I was fired from. I now have a job with one. I now end the YMCA where I was fired from. And also, I have a visit with another company that I was fired from. Now through my business that I'll be going through. So I'm three for three. That's only got through hard work. The late doesn't mean denied. You give me, it gives me the chills here and now. I'm seeing the hearts and the fire flames getting dropped in the comments. And I see a comment here from body by AJ who said, I really needed this today. I've been, I've been, we all do. When he said I've been procrastinating. I've been procrastinating so bad. Thank you. And what comes to my mind is what you just mentioned about the 1% better every day. Because if we focus on just 1%. If that maybe is just making the bed today. Literally, that could be 1%. If that's just opening your ISSA certification and reading 1 page, that's 1% better today. And what happens when you stack those 1% days is that you get to be into the year and you're 34% better. What is 34% better look like? Right? You just mentioned going from, so what people see is, or what you just mentioned was going from 4,000 followers to over 105,000 followers on social media. It's one platform being an Instagram. I want to touch on that and how you are able to do that on the social media side. Because I know a lot of the folks that are watching probably have a business. They want to, I think people think that they need to have 150,000 followers to be successful in the fitness industry, which I would love for you to touch on and speak about that a little bit as well. I always say this. Be authentic. Share your story. There's, there's far more people out there that are just like you and where you at today. And we'll watch you every day. And you can post the ugly instead of ugly instead of the raw of the raw because once you start to elevate, they're going to see all of that rawness come together. And you're going to give somebody else hope that they can do it. And then that next person is going to give 10 people and then that 10 people is going to give 100 and that 100 is going to give 1000 and that 1000 is going to turn to 10,000 going to turn to 100,000 going to turn to a million. So just giving people hope people love to see success stories. And it's not so much of a success story. Just people don't. Everything is already glistening glamour. So that realm is already that realm. Show yourself. Now this thing for everybody, neither. But show those struggles. Or if you don't want to show it in the beginning, just document your process, document your process, put it out there. You only need one person to believe. Like I said earlier, one person is going to tell 10, 10 is going to tell 100 and then so on and so on. So don't be a shame on where you at today for once again I said earlier is where you at today, won't be where you at tomorrow, where you at today wasn't where you was at yesterday. So don't be scared to share your journey. Be open, be authentic as possible. You know, it's already too much thickness in the world already. So just be you. And each day you're going to grow. And each day also, I know, I put on look at it like this was supposed to meet it, kept me accountable. Because if I put it out there now, you can't go running high. If you put it out there, you got to do it. If you do it, you know, people want to start to notice, you know, so people notice, trans people notice, hard work, people notice patterns. You know, so I just build that pattern in social media, help me out with so many ways that social media never, never even know, you know. But you still got to deal with real life and things that I knaked here. But yeah, I say post man, post that story. You're going to help some body. Somebody right now is going through what you're going through and you're going to be able to help them. What life is all about. You give, you know, you just give, give, give, give, give, give, give. And it come back in a certain way. Don't be looking for it, give back. Just put it out there. Be authentic, be genuine and keep the face. I love it. I love it. We want to be that fountain. We want to be able to pull another people and have their, their cups be filled. But always come back to you as well. One last question before you before we let you go, I know you got clients in a busy day and schedule ahead. I see one question you have from Gabrielle. We follow the course in Canada, the answer to that. I can answer that one yes. I, as I say, is 100% online, you can study from your phone, tablet or computer. And 176 countries. So we're, we're everywhere. We're worldwide. So you're also a part of a community as well where you're able to, to hear from, you know, trainers like Joanne, whether it's here on social media, we share these success stories. But the last question that I'd love to get to, Joanne, before we have you go, we have a question here of how did you start your own gym? What was that journey like of starting your own gym? Wow, let's talk about it. So, we're trying to make it quick, but it's fine, not so quick. So I had two, I had two clients that I still have today, two sports clients. One was my cousin and one is like a coach friend to me. One says, I was going through my journey of transforming from 260 pounds to where I'm at today. And then like, hey, they knew I played professionally abroad. Like, hey, you're training my kids. And I'm like, man, I'm going to try driving at this time. I'm like, I'm driving across the world. There's no way I can get back in this time. Man, you're training my kids, basically what they said. So I kind of had no choice. I was like kind of like pushing towards it. It was like my purpose. This is God calling me to come and do what I'm going to do today. And I found a guy, a local guy. I know a lady that ran a business around here at one time. And she was like in this place, I remember this place. It was kind of like a little storage room. It was one night in there, full of spider webs. So I got in there. I finally got them to say, yes, to that. So I got them to say, yes, to that. So I went in there, scrubbed it all out, had equipment already in there. And then I just started posting things. Like, hey, training. This is my training sessions. I posted up on my Instagram things at that nature. Once I got that, I was like, ah, something told me I got to get out of here. It was too dark. So from going through the depression of the earlier states, I said, I don't like it here, man. Too dark. You know, so I got out of there. I came into my garage, started out my garage, cleaned out the fidgeted. I probably had like $300 left. I got my fidgeted, and everything moved out of the garage. It took about $300 plus dollars. Experts help from a few of my friends. Got everything out. And I just started there. I just had max on the ground for real. And like, one business, I bought off a Facebook market, please. It was like for like $50, $70. I used that into, I can generate some more money. I just kept on buying, I just kept on buying, clipping from there. And then next thing you know, man, I'm buying equipment. I got it painted now. I just just threw like a year, a year grind. Just keep on putting the money back into it. Not wondering about spending money or what the next person thinking me, I started here. Oh, well, everybody starts somewhere. Amazon started in a small office. Mickey D's Walt Disney. They all started in a small. So I did that. We scaled up. And then next thing you know, a year, a year goes by. And the YMCA director reaches out to me. I was training down and there. I will go down there. And it's funny. Because I was training that another gym, but this gym started acting funny. Because it's from her shoes gym. So I went to the YMCA. I went down to the YMCA. I met the director one day just sparingly. And next thing you know, super good dude, man. Chelsea and I'm saying, name Chelsea and super good dude. He says, hey man, would you be able to come in here and you know, maybe. So with the garage, taught me what's the only thing I needed with space. I needed gym. I needed space. So that's the number one thing you should go for. Look for space. Don't look for a gym. So it was a nice side space. I went in there and answered, that's it. Heck yeah. So we had three meetings. All of the meetings added up. Everything worked out perfectly to price things that I nature. And now we're year, we're year and there. We're two and a half years in. We've been in three spots already. Each one has been a bigger scale. So we're two and a half years in August. July will be the third year and we scaled up each year. So we've been in three different gyms in two and a half years. And everyone once got much bigger and all of them has been filled since then. Joannis is incredible. I know I said I'm a let you go with this. No questions. No. We get more questions than a chat. Because I think this is so inspiring for so many people. And I know there was one question that asked how long did it take to get certified and know for everyone. The journey is a little bit different. It is a self-paced course. So the certification is self-paced. We typically say six to eight weeks if you're only setting aside an hour or so a data study. But we I've seen students that finish that are really, again, it's self-paced. So you can finish in a week or two if you have some knowledge or experience if you're really motivated and want to study, study harder or more. So and we do have a lot of support with the certification that I say online. I love that you're tired and connected to that. So you got your certification. We have Chrissy who asks, how did you start helping people when you had no experience? That was the thing that I was scared of. And that's what made me get certified. And that's where I was just saying came in that. So you're going to have people with that watch you. Watch your journey. They're going to watch your hard work from what you put in. And the knowledge that you have behind it and that revolves back to treating people great doing the right business, showing up on time, being consistent. And one person is going to tell five, five is going to tell 10. It goes back to what I said earlier. And the next person is going to tell the next person. And then you'll be able to do it in the beginning. You'll be able to do it just off of the basic knowledge. But I always say this. Make sure that you're studying each day, rather than as you to things of that nature. But you won't be able to go too far if you don't go get that certification. And that's where I said, they came in for me. Once I got certified, it just kind of went through the doors. Because now what you see is people believing people was like, OK, taking this very serious, this is not just a facade. So I got certified like what? Seven months into it. Six five to seven months into it. So I think you should get certified earlier, rather than later, for to take all of my failures. I want to say nothing was a failure, because everything's a process here, your process is your own process. But if you can get certified, but if you can't in the meantime, just make sure that you study and make sure you know what you're talking about. Because if you want to climb, ask you something. You should know what you're talking about. However, it was risky, right? Because I didn't have insurance or anything. It was just to go hold much of faith and belief. That's it. I love that you mentioned that in your inspiring so many people right now when you mentioned the faith and belief. I want to shout out Tiffany, who's commented here and said, thank you so much for your talk. Tiffany says she needed this. She said, you gained a new follow as well. Someone said, this is the absolute true. So true. Thank you for motivating and inspiring. Something else, as we close out, one of the things that reminds me of and it kind of given a analogy that I really love somebody used is as when you mentioned getting your certification, posting your journey where that be at 260 pounds or at your lowest up 173 pounds, going through the lows, depression, going through different things. Like you said, addiction, different elements that you overcame, working three different, getting fired from different jobs, working and filling, filling the Vietnamese things, different things like that that weren't your passion to then getting certified, taking that leap of faith. What I hear you say is that people are seeing you. It's almost like your car. I think most of us have seen a car on the side of the road that maybe stall out or needs gas. And you see someone maybe waiting for someone to come help, right? And typically there's hundreds of cars that just drive past, right? With that person sitting in the car waiting for help or standing on the side of the road. But when you think about the difference, when you see somebody pushing their car on the side of the road, people want to pull over and help you push because they already see that you're pushing. They already see that you're going and putting forth that effort. So that analogy to me reminds me, you're one of what you just mentioned. Your journey, your friends and family are seeing you pushing. You're a former, you know, the clients that you have now, the director at the YMCA, which shout out to the YMCA, that's one of our partners that's now working with different way of seeing a location. So shout out to the YMCA, but the director saw you. He saw that you were pushing that car, that you were trying to better your life, that 1% better. And look how we paid off, how we manifested and opened doors for you. I know this is going to be a tremendous inspiration to so many people. That's the exact goal of these discussions. See us. We're going to be doing this every Friday with different I.S.A. and Spire certified trainers. So I'll be back in X-Fried. We can't wait. We appreciate everyone at Tune Dan. We're also going to be saving this. So this will be in the, we're going to collaborate on it. So you'll be able to see this on I.S.A. online, which make sure you give us a follow. Also follow Joann, I've been like this. We want to be able to continue to provide value and support. And we appreciate you, Joann. Any, I'm going to give it to you for any closing words that you may have as well. I'm at appreciate, Joe. I just got this work hard. Don't wait for no while to come save you. Believe, have faith. And be good to people. I think that's the most hidden thing, man. It's have faith first and be good to people. Be good to people, man. That goes, that goes the far way. Be good to people, man. Be a good person. Nobody looking. It's a hard one. Absolutely. And Joann, we wish you nothing but the most successful. We know that nothing but great things are happening. We're going to continue to follow and watch your journey with your clients and giving back as well. So thank you so much. And we appreciate you inspiring others. Much love. I appreciate you, Kurt. Thank you. Thanks for everybody for tuning in. Have a great day. Much love. Appreciate you. Thank you.

=== FILE: Fueling Your Future： Janet Layug’s Expert Tips for Success in Fitness with Trifecta [QrpVy55cSQs].txt ===

Well, hello everyone. Welcome. I know you guys are excited. There are 200 people in our waiting room ready to bust down the doors for this one. Today, super excited to have you guys with us. We're going to give it a minute or so here before we get started to let everybody trickle in and join us that will be joining us. And this webinar will be recorded. So all of you guys who signed up, whether you're here or not, we will be sending out the links you guys can rewatch this. I hope you guys have enjoyed the fact. But thank you guys for joining us. Stand by will begin started in just a moment. So excited to have you guys here. Sweet people are still coming in. I love it. Yeah, that's why that's why we just did another post. I feel like some people plan some people want to jump in right at the last minute. Which is perfect. So are sometimes you get busy. Yeah, 100%. Or. Or. All right, guys. Well, welcome into our webinar. So excited to be part of the trifecta and Janet Laiou. This is called Feeling Your Future. We're going to be hearing from our guests of honor and Janet Laiou. And I'm a bodybuilder. I've been doing it for 14 years. So I know exactly who she was when I met her. And I'm so excited to hear more from her. And then of course, celebrity and its own right. Mr. Greg Connelly with us will introduce ourselves in just a moment. But they will be talking about Janet's expertise on coaching partnerships and diet. So diving for success in fitness. So we're super excited to share everything that we have with you guys today. And we're going to go ahead and dig in. We will start by introducing ourselves. So you know exactly who these talking heads are over here. I will go first. I will be your host today. I am Jenny Scott. I am the senior content developer here with ISSA, which was actually create the course materials that our students go through to get certified. I am a working personal trainer as well and a strength coach and a volleyball coach and a bodybuilder and a volleyball player. So I'm still very, very heavy and active in the field as well. But I'm excited to be here with you guys. I will throw it over to Greg Connelly. Greg, I can introduce yourself. Hey guys. Greg Connelly, founder CEO of trifecta. Obviously very involved in the bodybuilding industry major partner of tr of ISSA and title sponsor of the Mr. Olympia, which is what Janet was competing in. All right guys. Hi. Thank you so much for tuning and I'm so excited. Thank you for being here. Keep going Janet. For those of you who don't know me, my name is Janet and I am a former Miss DeKineal Olympia. So for those of you who don't know what Olympia is. It's like the bodybuilding, the Olympics of bodybuilding, the top tier and just been a big fitness influencer for a very long time. And had the opportunity to become an entrepreneur in this space. So I'm so excited to talk with all of you today about helping your future in the fitness space as well. Oh, we don't have any. Thank you Janet. I'm sure we'll have a lot to talk about. There we go. Absolutely. All right guys. So let's talk about what we're going to cover today. We've got quite a bit to go through. We're going to learn a little bit more about who is ISSA. We're going to be the sponsors of this webinar. And also who's trifecta. We're super excited to have them as a brand partner and want you to learn more about them. Well, it learned some insights from Janet on her fitness journey. Super cool story. You guys will talk about the impact of training and coaching. What you guys can do with this if you're not already certified or if you are. What can you do as you grow your career? We'll talk more and we'll learn from Greg about learning to partner with brands. And we'll learn more about how you can even partner with brands like TriFecta. And guys, guess what? We've got prizes. We've got some prizes at the end of this webinar. But you must be present to win. So make sure you stick around all the way through today. And it was one of our last slides before we get to our Q&A. We will be giving out some awesome prizes. All right. Now keep in mind, you guys can ask questions throughout this. We can't hear you or see you. But there is a chat feature available. You guys are welcome to throw any questions you guys have in the chat whether for myself, for Janet or for Greg and we'll get to those at the end for our Q&A. As many as possible anyway. All right. So here we go, guys. Let's go ahead and dive in. I'm going to start us off and tell you guys just a little bit about ISSA briefly. Before we dive in, I want to make sure that you guys understand who we are. We are. We have certified more fitness professionals than any other organization out there. We started in 1988 with a mission and vision to connect more people with wellness and health in this industry year after year. We currently have more than 50 certifications, which is super cool or super excited about it. Basically covering every piece of health and wellness and fitness from specialized nutrition shape like we'll talk about today, special populations, health conditions and even special training techniques. So we kind of cover it all. I do have to mention that we offer the most support out there for our students as well, not only as you're learning, but even after you've gone through the certification process, we have live instructor like course options, which most certification companies don't offer and it's something that we offer for a lot of our courses. So take it for me as someone who 14 years ago was just handed a book and told to study for their exam. I passed just fine, but you don't you didn't use to have all these resources. So we do pride ourselves in having a lot of resources for our students. We have things that extend beyond just personal training. We extended to nutrition, health coaching and specialized training, and we've grown our portfolio of brands. It's not just ISSA anymore, which is exciting. We have the NCC PT, the functional aging institute, and even revolution running, and our own yoga 200 certification, which is an accredited certification. We do offer accredited and recognize certifications in personal training group exercise, indoor cycling, and like I mentioned yoga. So again, we're super excited to be able to offer basically a B1 stop shop for our students, everything that you need. We've got it. Okay, so that's just a little bit about ISSA. If you're interested, it will have some giveaways at the end, or when you get to the prizes. But let's hear from Greg, Greg, tell us a little bit more about trifecta, who is trifecta. Sure, so yeah, appreciate you guys joining us. trifecta is the largest organic meal delivery service in the US. So we ship meal prep food to everybody from celebrity athletes like Janet to average Americans like myself that are really trying to get in the best shape of their lives. So we have lots of different programs for people to choose from that are personalized for for fat loss or muscle gain, whatever your particular goal is. And for those of you that want to build or already have an existing fitness business like Janet does. We partner with lots of ISSA trainers, gym owners, celebrities, celebrity athletes, etc. With our affiliate program to drive additional revenue for them. So if you are a trainer already and you've got, let's say, a hundred clients getting some of them to also do their meal prep through trifecta. We'll not only make sure they have better results themselves, but at the same time it can drive a lot of additional revenue for you as a trainer because we pay the trainers that refer people to trifecta. So we'll talk a little bit more in a bit about trifecta as a brand and then how you guys can partner with other brands like us to maximize your revenue. And then above and beyond that for people to get really serious about their their meal prep we also have meal prep by weight or by diet type. So someone like Janet who does not weigh very much is obviously going to eat a lot less than four time world strongest man Brian Shaw who's 68 450 pounds. So we allow people to customize their macros and calories to really get incredible six packs get incredible shape so that you can attract more clients to you by having a phenomenal physique yourself. I love it guys and this is a huge resource as a trainer I can tell you myself we're not supposed to be writing meal plans. I get it people out there do it but we're not supposed to be but if you're looking for something to give your clients that can give them that nutrition resource yes you can be that education source but something like trifecta is a great option where you can send them and they can get them meal plan from trifecta. So you're taking yourself off the hook for it they're getting great nutritious meals they're getting them delivered to their home they don't even have to do anything for it. So it's a great resource and that's why we partner with them because it's so good and I've used it myself quite a bit but let's get to our guests of honor super excited to have a chance at lag with us so Janet let's get some insights from you now you've worked as a nurse before going full time in the fitness industry which is super interesting to know how long to that transition take for you and what were some of the key factors for you getting into the fitness industry. So starting as a nurse I was very much into the body the physique and even nutrition and I was working full time and like many of you guys were listening and you have other full time jobs and then you have this passion for fitness just like I did and I told myself. Okay, you know I'm very I just felt this real sense of passion deep inside and I'm like you know what I think I should go for this and I wanted to enter like the competition in compete and fitness but I knew well I have to support myself my family. And that's kind of a where a lot of people tiptoe because they're unsure of when to kind of you know take flight from that from their previous career but I said if I'm going to be successful in this I'm going to give it my all and go all the way and so there's a point where I was like you know I'm getting a lot more jobs within the fitness industry and. Kind of being able to support myself and that little bit gave me confidence and so you know what I can do this so. It was a little bit less time I was giving to the hospital and working those hours and you know what I think this is the time to take flight and sure enough you know turn turned into success with good long javit and I think if I could do it then everyone else can do it to. Absolutely how long ago did you make that transition by the way. So that was back in 2013 I was working at nurse at the hospital in the acute care room and I loved it but I also knew that you know what I'm I really love fitness I love learning about the body and. I started kind of doing a bunch of research down that direction and just like many of you who are maybe getting into personal training you want to teach others. I still keep up I am still a nurse and I still keep up with all of my credits and stuff but I'm also always learning anything related to fitness with personal training and. As aspects too so not only are you like have to learn the content of personal training or anything related to fitness or health and wellness but you do being an entrepreneur you have to know business as well so there's a lot of research I did on my part. That's awesome nice so that it is the 10 year anniversary by the way, have the anniversary. Thank you. That's amazing when you first got into fitness how didn't having a trainer coach help you become successful. Oh my gosh so. I know a lot of people who start out by themselves and I started as a competitor so for me I said if I'm going to do this I want to. Do it all the way and do it the right way and I felt that having a coach there along the way in my journey was going to. Give me the most success having a coach was able to give me accountability and keep me in check and a lot of times you know we fall off on the regimen of whether it's you know nutrition or training and you know if your coaches on you you have to check in. I mean it's kind of a good thing. I think it's kind of a good thing. I think it's kind of a good thing. It kind of gives you that sense of okay I need to be responsible and take the seriously this is going to be my full time. I got to put in the work every single day. And also we tend to. View ourselves very subjectively and I feel like having a coach. Is so good to give a different set of eyes on your body or physique or wherever your progress is at. I think it's a very crucial to have because a lot of times we're so hard on ourselves maybe we feel like we're not getting there we may have no improvement, no progress when reality or coaches over here like. To remind you look how far you come you know from when you first started and I think that's very important that we all kind of. So far I do tend to forget dipping a coach is so valuable. Yeah and bias set of eyes I like to say. Well and a lot of times you may not be able to have the support group around you. Maybe you're like the only one in your town that's you know focused on the specific thing like for me it was competing I didn't have a lot of. Competitor friends at that time because I was very new and I was able to. So talk with my coach, help me walk through tough times and like, you know, what I'm feeling emotionally and mentally like. So it's not just, they're going to give you physical advice or hey, this is what you need to be eating. It's more of kind of like also having a life coach and giving you advice like look, you know, there's times that we feel down or we may regress, but then we move forward even, you know, five steps forward. And a little bit of progress goes a long way. So I really found that to be important to have that more objective advice and mentorship in my life. Love that. Now I'm sure they've helped you with, of course, the exercise are in the nutrition part. So speaking of how is your diet changed over the time that you've been in this industry for the last 10 years. I've evolved so much. Let me just start by saying I was the person who did so much cardio. I barely ate because I thought that that was the best way to get in shape. Obviously many of us know now that is so far from the truth. But over the years it's one thing when you're competing for maybe like a bodybuilding trip, but not everyone's doing that right a lot of us just want to look good and feel good. And so for me, I've learned how to, you know, one, be able to successfully die it for a show. Also, I have to think about, okay, what about when I'm not competing when I'm in my like, coos season or off season or, you know, if I decide not to compete what do I do, how do I stay fit and I've learned how to, you know, make better choices. Especially when we go out to restaurants, it's really hard to not go somewhere right and see all these indulgent things, but you know, it's eating clean and being healthy and if you want to feel good. Most of the time, like that's, it's a lifestyle, it changed that you have to learn. So I run into a lot of people who they've competed before and they just don't know how to eat afterwards. So then they like rebound and it's a learning process of just, you know, simple choices and I just try to simple it down to like, okay, I'm going to probably have. Eat clean most the day and then maybe have like an indulgent meal at night or something like that, but I do have to credit, try effective for actually making it very simple for me, especially with competing or even if I'm a mom guys, so I'm live a very busy life on my schedule and. I'm not having a lot of time to be healthy here and there. So the best feeling is like I'm so exhausted, come home from the gym or from biz or I take my meals with me when I'm traveling. I can still be productive and eat clean, you know, stick to my my diet or eating clean if you will. Thanks to the fact that I just, you know, have a meal with me or pop it in a pan or in the microwave heated up ready to go and it all fits within like my macros and calories counts. So have to shut out for that, but it's definitely if you want to have longevity in this. Make it a lifestyle change, not just label it a diet, which is more of like a short term thing agreed. Yeah, and I'm glad to know that I'm not the only person who travels with my trifectomy of my freezes and then puts them in my bag and digs them on the plane and I got stopped at a little x right every time. So I'm glad to know I'm not the only one who does. Well, you know, I see a lot of people not just in the bodybuilding world in other, you know, you know, whether they're like runners marathon runners or, you know, my daughter's a tennis player. So I see a lot of tennis players out there on the go. They do the same thing. Even successful business owners who have busy schedules, but they they make their fitness and their health priority. It's all about just, you know, okay, making a top priority to whether it's prepare your meals, bring your meals with you. And having the willpower to say, you know, I'm not neat that I'm going to eat this because I know what this is going to provide me results. Yes, let's go get me closer to my goals. I love that. So speaking of food choices, though, do you have any favorite free or post workout meals or high protein meals that you got your go to. So I am I love training in the in the first half of the day. I don't know how many of you guys do that, but if I have to train in the afternoon evening, I will do it, but I love to get it out of the day like first thing. So typically when I'm training, I probably had breakfast for sure. And that would be lean protein like egg whites are all mix it up like whole eggs and egg whites together. And some kind of clean car that would be maybe like grits or oatmeal with maybe a couple blueberries. And to me, it just feels so clean. I know I'm getting protein. I'm getting carbs and that I can use for energy for the workout and something about just it just makes me feel good. You know starting your date off with the right meal. Just put you in good mood. Absolutely. And I love the food choices that you just mentioned like such simple choices. It doesn't need to be super complicated, right? No, like a lot of people are like, you know, they want all these recipes and sometimes it's good to like change it out with different styles, which is great for variety. But I always find myself that I'll do that a little bit, but going back to like the basic things of like for breakfast for instance, you know, your egg whites and other oatmeal. And then you know, if you're going to have a lot of little bit of weed or humor advice or grits, just or maybe like whole grain toast, avocado toast. Just going back to the basics makes it simple. You don't have to make too many choices. And that's what make gets things complicated. Yeah, I agree. Yeah, giving people too many choices is often too much information. And then it's really easy to go off the wagon when you have a lot of choices, right? Oh, I have a list of things I can pick from. Yeah, yeah, and that's why I'm simply like try fact. I know we keep going back to that and I'm going to talk to you. I want to learn more about your partnership with them and just a second. But with the trifecta bills, it is so simple. You can pick the same deals over and over again, or they have a little bit of variety, but it's not like 500 food choices, right? That becomes a lot to manage on both sides for that business and for you to figure out what you want to eat, but just keeping things simple is so much easier in a lot of cases. Yeah, it's I love that there's with trifecta. They have a lot of flavor, but they keep it simple with a simple, you know, category of carbs. Yeah, you know, high quality proteins and you're vegetables. So that makes it easy for me. And I think like for anybody, whether whatever kind of likes like fitness style that you have if your bodybuilder or if you are like, you know, want to be fit mom or, you know, whatever it may be, just you can create your own meals. It's all customizable. Love that. So speaking of trifecta, what inspires you to seek out partnerships of brands like trifecta and how is it impacted your career? What have you seen with that? Well, first of all, trifecta is one of those brands that is they are the leaders in meal prep and when meal preping became a huge thing on social media. There was a lot of them coming up, but you didn't know maybe the food didn't taste so good. Maybe there was, you know, issues with the company, but you always want to connect with and work with brands that, you know, have a good reputation themselves first of all. And secondly, that also align with your values and I think that getting to know more about the company what they stand for and how we can mutually benefit with each other. That was all up my alley. And I so a little bit of advice for everyone listening, I think is that, you know, if you want to, especially incorporating it with your personal training as well. You want to send clients to reliable companies. Do your research on the company. You know, try them out yourselves and make sure they align with like your values. That's so important. There's companies out there who kind of have their own agenda and maybe doesn't mesh well with yours. And you'll find yourself like maybe that was not a great partnership because maybe you're getting left in the dust with something, but with trifecta it. They're so like really close like family like you can come to them with anything any of your ideas very open to it and finding more ways just to be successful. Overall with on your part and their part they're willing to go above and beyond to meet your needs with your business as well. So partnering with them has been just a beautiful thing within the business space fitness space and I think they kind of, you know, their brand speaks for themselves and they've partnered with so many companies so many trainers and Other companies related in the fitness space that it's clear how they're willing to engage grow and you want to write that growing bandwagon to grow your company. So companies that want to grow you want to attach yourselves with that as well to help benefit your business. I love that I agree. Try affected growing but they want to grow with their partners and I love that about them. So in what strategies have you use or how have you used your this partnership with like trifecta or some of these other companies that you've partnered with to increase your income. I know Greg mentioned like how you can do an affiliate program and things. How have you leveraged that to make more money. Oh my gosh, there's so it's it's really cool and I think we're living in a very fortunate day and age to be able to make income off of social media or all these platforms that we have today and I, you know, with your brand you and the company that you want to partner with you have to be able to. You know, first off engage with your followers and I think a good way to help leverage. And your partnership with the companies, you know, be very active on social media, be very, you know, respond engaged to people coming on your stuff. There's so many ways to be able to grow in that space like for instance, maximizing your audience by doing collaborations. During promotions giveaways affiliate programs like trifecta has and that's been a way for them to grow but you also as a personal trainer or somebody in the fitness space can do the same thing just on a different level, you know, in a different way. And you know, you are very niche individuals so you have your own personality, you have your own audience and that's important to know like what is your audience want from you and how can you. Bring that to the table in your partnership. Yeah, I love that. Yeah, so there's definitely opportunity to monetize it with your following right and then using their following and then putting it all together. And another thing with another thing with, you know, your partnership with brands I think is really important to think of. Like the long long term building long term relationships for me that was very big I don't want to help around with brands and you know it's one thing if something doesn't work and it just kind of collapses but it's I think it's very important to. Have the both parties understand look we're here to build we're in work together and however long that takes and you know whatever links that we're willing to do that. It's it builds trust in your audience that hey look I truly am with this brand and not just like here for a short time. If I can jump in with with one comment the with with Janet. We we also and you guys should look for brands that do this we also wanted to invest time and effort in her personal brand you know her her website so Jansson entrepreneur herself so she's got. You know diet nutrition programs that that she writes and programs on on her website so partnering with brands that are going to. Invest in your success not just the brand success. I think is is definitely something to look for you know whether you're already famous like Janet or up and coming. And that's you know I bring it up because Janet and I have been talking a lot about it over the last few months and I want to make sure we we do get that out there to the ISS audience that. You know brands should want to invest in you and what you have going on not just directing all the visibility back to the brand itself. That's a great call out Greg because you see that a lot you guys whether it's a clothing vendor or a supplement company and you're like oh they want me to be a partner with them or they want to sponsor me. I think that's what I'm talking about. I think that's what I'm talking about because I'm talking about the things that actually mean right look into what that actually means and make sure that you're negotiating something out of it for you because a lot of them I don't do it much because I like Janet said it takes time and effort to leverage your following and beyond social media. I'm just not that person I just am not but I have a client who is she's an influencer she's a mom and when she gets a approach by companies if they just want to send her stuff and say hey post about this. She has every right to say no Jen has every right to say no just some of these brands that only want something from her but that's a great call out Greg they should be investing in you as well. I love that and just to add on to that comment like there for instance I run into this a lot of times with working with brands that when you are kind of like comparing maybe contracts are working with somebody someone a company may want to like pay you a lot. But maybe they won't really utilize you a lot and is that really helping your like your market your followers your growing your your socials growing your brand and visibility versus like another company who maybe they pay a little bit less but they're willing to do you know put you out there so much visibility for you and your brand. You're doing all these like make collaborations and giveaways and promotions campaigns where it's really pushing you like you're like getting marketed and that grows your following your engagement just it's like a snowball effect so there's to me I feel like there's more value in that and that in turn. grows you your brand and then that turns into you know more income at the end of the day then someone who might initially pay you higher it at first. I love it good point so is there any other advice that you would give to those that are here listening today. Who want to establish not only their personal brand but maybe partnerships with other brands any other advice that you can think of for them. Yeah, oh my gosh well you know it's social media there's lots of brands that are coming up personal brands and I think it's very important for some foremost to. Like stay true to yourself who you are and what you stand for. Being very authentic and real and you know posting valuable content posting true content leading people in the right direction there are lots of. Brands off there they're just probably posting reposting things you don't know what they're about maybe it's not clear who they are what they stand for. And maybe they're trying to be something that they're not and that definitely is you know will come to light but I think it's for me what has worked was always staying true to who I am what I stand for and putting out. True valuable information and these things you kind of have to offer free information first help people out for free and then in return that builds trust with your followers you get more people coming it more engagement and they say okay they keep you in mind and then that turns into oh baby they'll sign up for this they'll sign up for this package. That increases the income down the road so offering that free information versus is key and it's kind of hard to understand that comes up but you know you have to build the trust first. Yes, I love that it's a great call out Janet because we talk about that in our business courses for fitness professionals and we're teaching people out of build their business. Yeah, go and something for free so that every time they get something from you you're not asking for something from them. It makes them more likely to open what you send them or look at what you send them right and so then when they are ready you're absolutely right they'll keep you in mind. I love that anything else you can think of. I think that you know starting from like grown zero for many of you guys who are just starting out like. Understand to be patient and that you know just keep posting keep pushing your brand keep marking yourself the best way that you can. You know stay engaged beyond social media as much as you can you are the business owner you are your own brand. But even though you may be posting you're like I don't see anything you got if you keep doing it and have patience. It will eventually grow into results patients is you know patients is a virtue it is so important with growing your social media I started from like zero and then I just started organically posting. Like my journey in the fitness space and talking about my thoughts my knowledge things that I was learning and it was helping other people. It was also influencing them and inspiring them for their own journey that or something that they are going through at the same time and that in return. Came true followers that have stayed and I think that is important as long as you have patience you'll see it grow like for for my following today I couldn't when I first started I couldn't imagine I'd have what I have today. I know you come a long way and it's often to see super exciting. Yeah I mean with with the patient's point I mean how many years did it take for you to win the Olympia Janet you just kept at it continuously. Yeah like competing in the Olympia for eight years and you know that's something like even as a business owner. I love about my my entire journey is that all these principles that I've learned especially never giving up and believing in yourself even after eight years I could have been doing so many other things but for some reason I believe in myself and I knew. I was very passionate about this and it was my goal no one else is gold but mine and just sticking to it to it and. The belief in myself is what drove me eventually I got there and so everyone one of you listening whatever your goal is you know which you have to have a clear goal. Don't give up on it because you never if you give up prematurely you'll never know what it's like or what you could have achieved. Absolutely and if you don't try you'll never know what you could achieve well that love that so I feel like we have a mix of people that are here with us today some of you guys are certified as fitness professionals already some of you guys are looking into it are interested in it. So when you get certified as a personal trainer you have a unique opportunity to of course make money doing the thing that you love right training people being around fitness being involved in it. You have the opportunity to improve your own personal fitness because yes you're you're not being paid to work out. I know that's like a miss no more people like to say that that's not a thing right but yes you are around it hopefully you're learning and applying what you're learning to yourself much like Janet has done to build her brand. You get to share the benefits of fitness with people which is super fun I think most personal trainers I would there guess all of them like to help people. I think that's a lot of people who are very important to help others live a healthier life and there's a lot of career opportunities out there that could work for pretty much anyone. So Janet I would love to talk to you more about some of the career opportunities out there. Starting with entrepreneurship you are an entrepreneur so can you tell us a little bit about like how you built your brand what your brand is what does it mean to you I'd love to know that. I'm not just a entrepreneur in the fitness space. Yeah so like I said earlier that when I first started out it was just posting my journey about like myself and going through the process with like competing then I realized well you know I couldn't I'm helping these people out from all over the world like I want to be able to do more. I think that offering the knowledge of what I knew with training also teaching about nutrition was able to help people make real life transformations that. I mean to offer that changing the way you feel of increasing your confidence is a priceless and so that was definitely something I was like how I want to do more more of this so. I think that's a very important thing to offer personal fitness for other people was was huge and then winning the Olympia was able to. Have the opportunity to give back to the community so now I am promoter of the bodies a fitness event show. I'm a very shameless plug here so for other fitness competitors around the world can compete to that that is September 16 by the way in Port Lateriel if you guys want to come join come check it out lots inspiration fit bodies so much motivation but. I think you are at you know whatever level you are finding ways to. I think that's a very important thing to do with about your business goes a long way maybe they'll talk about it to somebody else and they're like oh yeah I know that I heard that oh let's go like and it just spreads like wildfire so. Let's not get lost into you know when they say like oh you're scaling it well you got to go back to the roots of like person to person. Yeah I love that and then competition training and coaching obviously something near and dear to your heart how did you get into that. Yeah well obviously I'm a competitor and there's so much that goes into it and whether it's the competition level or if it's something that you want to. Just transform your body I work with a lot of people as well who just they want a few good they want to lose that last five to 10 stubborn pounds or they want to learn how to eat healthier they don't know. So there's lots of teaching in that and I think I love being able to give that knowledge back but there's definitely lots of opportunity to create a business out of that. I love that and I think you have to be very detail oriented. So do you copy this and training and prep. Yeah so and with that everything is individual customizable keeping in mind that one. But one certain way does not work for everyone so you have to be flex way to be know that. One thing just it's you can't do anything cookie cutter just it doesn't work. 100% what about physical education and youth coaching you mentioned your daughter the tennis stars I know you're into this side. I am I'm actually like I'm such a huge supporter and advocate for for for the youth for their education and also for fitness and any opportunity I get to work with kids I'm all about it my daughter does tennis and I speak to her and the tennis groups that about a lot more about so I'm not a. tennis you know pro but I do I can offer the the mental side of it which with anyone whether it's with fitness or if it's with your business it takes a lot of. Mental strength and grit to continue on to push yourself to stay focused the persistent and. More so you know a lot of us were we're not motivated maybe we're not motivated to work or we're not motivated to go to gym whatever it may be we have to learn to be disciplined and there's lots of tools like that I learned with. first a training and bodybuilding that have taught me and carried over to life skills and principles so. I love talking with the youth about just creating a sense of you know I be dedicated to something use me to work and if you have to work hard. That a lot of time tell Ca�� whereOOOOOOOOAC do I deserve to the way guys enjoyed coming back. And that's, I think even adults, this information adults would love to. But yeah, that's where it starts. The young generations, we have to teach them early, right? Absolutely. And sometimes, like we have to go back to it as adults remind ourselves. The next one is something you know, a little something about being a social media creator or influencer. I'm curious about this specifically. How do you go about figuring out what you want to post about? How do you get so creative about that? Oh my gosh, yeah, like with social media, there's all kinds of things you can do. And it's just a great way to let your creative side come out. And of course, I love talking with the brand partnerships that I have. I love talking with them, say, hey, what do you think about this? I want to talk with your, maybe if you're new and you don't know about what to post, how to post. I mean, the talk to the companies that you're working with, they'll help you out if you don't know for if you want more advice or just more, I love discussing this with a creative content, directors and, you know, hey, does this work? What do you think of this video? And like you, you check out other trending videos and or does it make sense to my audience or what we're trying to talk about or trying to promote? Because some people might make a video. It makes absolutely no sense. But so it all depends on like, I guess what the goal is, what you're trying to promote if it makes sense. Yeah, I love that very interesting. And then traveling, traveling fitness professionals, right? You can travel all over the world for fitness. Yeah, fitness is everywhere. Fitness is a part of everyone, everyday lives. Anywhere you go, you know, people can relate to that space. And so that's the great thing about it. And I've traveled the world of fitness has taken me from, you know, all the way to whether Japan, Australia, Europe. And I can still talk with people there and have business like I did seminars in Asia and just talking about the sport and growing that and my own personal brand with coaching. And so it's a great way to think outside of the box not just local and trying to really grow your brand outside while you're traveling. Nice. And what about being a gym owner or even an online coach? Yeah, online coaching is huge these days. And that's very important. It's, you know, people who want to scale, maybe they're in the gym during personal training, they want to scale it for a broad. But again, for me, I feel like it goes back to, you know, don't forget that person of person interaction is very important and getting your brand out there. I've met tons of gym owners out there and they just, they love to meet people and they make you feel like, you know what? I belong here. I wanna come work out again here. And if you want, you know, that retention rate, maybe some of you own gyms that are listening. And you wanna talk, do things for your customers, your clients, like special things, make them feel good. I once well do like a little events or contests, giveaways and those small things, you know, they take a little bit of your time, but they go a long way for making your clients feel good and a part of a community, part of something valued. Absolutely, I love that. So I wanna dig a little bit more into the brand partnership side. So I wanna just hear from Greg a little bit and then we'll circle back, because I'm sure we're gonna have a ton of questions for you, Janet. But Greg, you have a lot of insight into building brand partnerships. Obviously you guys partnered with quite a few different high-level athletes and different companies and such much like us. But Dr. is a little bit more about how people can go about getting into brand partnerships and what they should know. Yeah, absolutely. And some of you guys are starting right now on the call. I've had a lot of people asking questions about where they can sign up to become a trifecta partner, which is in our partnerships page, which is at the footer of our website. I think it's the same for the ISSA, but coming to things like this webinar or coming to things like the Mr. Olympia or the Battle of the Bodies, where they're going to be brands that are there in your specific space so that you can connect with them and start a conversation. It's the easiest way to get going and ultimately start understanding what it takes to partner with a brand. Right out of the gates, brands are obviously not going to offer to pay you a monthly stipend until you are somebody like Janet. In the beginning, they're going to say, hey, join our partnership program, get online marketing training from companies like the ISSA until you can build up a social media audience that is meaningful and a brand can partner with you for your reach. There are also other ways to engage with the brands. So, I've got a bullet point on here, going from being a creator to becoming an influencer. And I want to make sure I differentiate those two things for people because trifecta will partner with people that are not super famous yet like Janet. If they want to create what we call user-generated content so maybe it's them eating trifecta, talking about their training, their clients, et cetera, and they're shooting that on video that brands can use for things like ads. So there are a lot of other ways outside of just being famous and winning the Olympia that you can partner with a brand. But having an open mind and really reaching out to brands and asking how you can be an effective partner for them is the fastest way that the brands are gonna open up their wallets and say, wow, you're a valued partner that's bringing value to the brand and building your personal audience and your somebody that we would like to partner with. When it comes to targeting brands that improve your personal brand, I think Janet did a good job of explaining this. So for somebody like Janet, we'll do photo shoots at our studio offices where we've got a studio gym and a studio kitchen. We'll shoot ads featuring Janet that we're gonna spend millions of dollars pushing out on the internet to expand Janet's audience at the Mr. Olympia, we are the title sponsor. So we have a huge 900 square foot booth that we sit Janet at and she can meet hundreds and hundreds of fans that wanna take pictures with her. All of these things are improving Janet's personal brand. So but Tart sheep partners with brands like TriFacted because it makes sense. We're a meal prep brand. There's obviously online training brands like the ISSA or even Janet does some for own online training. There's supplement brands. All of those brands are brands that are gonna make sense for the personal training space, the gym owner space, the IFPV pro or NPC competitor space. It doesn't make sense for you to go out and partner with a tire company or a construction company. I mean, those companies are in a totally different market than what you're in. Janet is a world expert on dieting and training. It makes sense for her to partner with a meal prep company. That is the type of brand affiliation that you're looking for as you ramp up your own personal business. It's partner with brands that make sense because you're building your subject matter expertise in that particular area. And let's say, I'm totally new to fitness. I'm getting my first ISSA certification. I'm building my social media audience on YouTube and Instagram, maybe even TikTok, if I'm super creative, partnering and becoming an ISSA affiliate makes sense. You've gone through the programs yourself. You understand what's involved in them and you can talk about them with your social media audience and your clients. So pick brand partners that make sense and ones that are going to invest both dollars and effort back into you as an up-and-coming business owner. So contract structure and value add. So I mentioned a little bit of this already, but in the beginning, you're not going to find a bunch of brands that are going to write you big fat checks because you don't have a social media audience yet. So that starts by building your audience, getting in great shape yourself, getting certified in multiple things, probably online marketing, personal training, master training. A lot of the things that are going to make you a subject matter expert on whatever you want your personal brand to be about. And then at that point approaching brands and saying, hey, I know I don't have a million followers yet, but I'd love to find a way to partner with you anyway. Is there a way I can create, use regenerated content or become an affiliate or do something where I can earn my way towards becoming somebody like Janet. Because I wanted to make sure I got out there how many times Janet tried to win the Olympia before she won. Now, she gets to spend the rest of her life as somebody who won the Olympia, let it took years of hard work for her to get to the top of the pyramid. And wherever you're starting at, you're going to have to put in that step by step brick by brick work on your own brand as well as your partnerships and your education to get to the point that Janet is at. Like nursing school is not easy. Becoming an ISSA personal trainer takes work. You have to do the courses. You have to go through the process, et cetera. She did that work to achieve what she's achieved now. And then I mentioned this a bit already, but yeah, eventually that builds into additional revenue streams, affiliate programs, eventually salaries. And if you become famous enough, brands will eventually start to offer you things like stock options and other things to try and keep you around. So the journey never stops. I mean, we were joking before the show that Jay Cutler just did his fit for 50. He's a four-time Mr. Olympia. And he's 50 years old and he still is going to events. He's still meeting fans. He is a great ambassador for fitness. Arnold Schwarzenegger is 75. And he is still a great ambassador for fitness. Once you reach the top of the pyramid, keep going. Keep building. You can continue to build wealth. Your personal brand. You can give back. You can do a lot of the things that JayNet talks about. I'm always impressed at how much in the conversations I have with JayNet she's talking about helping people. That is how you make money. Get certified, get brand partners, build a social media audience. And then give back to the community. People care about you helping them. And the more people you help, the more money you will make. It's that simple. So you guys can tell us, obviously, something I'm very passionate about. But it is absolutely doable from scratch to go from just getting started to at this point, trifecta's sold over half a billion dollars worth of food. I'm just a regular guy, guys. I didn't win the Mr. Olympia. I just worked really hard and educated myself with the internet until trifecta could become a large successful brand. So you guys can absolutely do it too. It's just a matter of following the right steps and putting in the work in order to get there. I love that. And thank you guys both for bringing up the point that it is work. A lot of people out there think it just happens or that JayNet just showed up one day in the social she is. It's work. You guys should've been doing this for 10 years. And it all starts with certification. So again, for those of you guys who are not certified, that should be your first step. And then whether you use that information that you've gained from certification to work on yourself, like Greg said, good and great chef, shave yourself, use this information on yourself. Or you're ready to go start using with clients. You gotta have that certification first. It gives you absolutely the credibility to market yourself. To clients, it allows you to educate yourself and maximize your client success. It allows you to learn to sell online and build a personal brand, build a reputation. Again, it takes work and it takes time. And it allows you to connect with brands and other trainers and influencers. But you all, everybody starts with that same credential. Everybody starts there. So that's your barrier for entry guys. I love both of you guys for sharing all this information. Thank you so much. But we have some more Q&A. So don't go anywhere you two. But guys, it's time for our prize winners. We have over 320 people, 320 people here with us. So that's our eligible pool here. It is time for prize winners. So first guys, I want to call out your name, just know that if I call out your name for a prize, whatever email you registered for this event with is the email that we will shoot you an email to help you claim your prize. So we have three prizes that we're giving away while three different things. We have two ISSA specialization courses that we're giving away. Janet has so lovingly offered up a free training program. And then we have two Tri-Factor $200 meal prep gift cards from Greg that we're giving away. All right. So let's start off with our two specialization courses from here at ISSA. Our first winner is Cody Skonewn. Cody Skonewn. Congratulations Cody around the applause. Our second winner is Sarah Silvera. Sarah Silvera. Two winners for the ISSA special congratulations, you guys. Are we getting an email with how to claim those? All right. There's a big one. The free training program with Janet. Our winner is, I believe it's Jennifer Riel. I think your name is in their backwards. So Janet, for me. Hey, congratulations. So Jennifer, we reached out to you. And then all right, here we go. Our $2, $200 trifecta meal prep gift cards. I want to win one of these. Can I put my name in there? Greg, we need to talk. One, two, one, two, one. So this guy, our first one is going to be Jesse Meyer. Jesse Meyer, congratulations, Jesse. And our second and final winner, guys. So the last trifecta gift card is going to be Alexandra Mori, Alexandra Mori, congratulations. Congratulations. Congratulations. So we do it. We're here. Everybody's a winner, though. So we do have some offers for all of you guys. We will be setting on an email. So you don't have to try and jot these all down. But for you, people that are interested in getting certified. If you're ready to start that process and take that first step, like Greg was talking about, we have a discount code for you guys. Use the code traffic to $200. And you will get $200 off of our fitness coach program, which is the personal training certification, plus one additional specialization of your choice. And we had plenty to choose from. For people that are already certified and are looking to continue their education and keep that knowledge going, we have $100 off of the specialization of your choice. Using the code traffic to $100. And then also, we have a deal for trifecta as well. You guys, hey, 40, 40, 40% off of your first trifecta meal order. Use the code ISSA on the trifecta website. So Greg, thank you for that discount code, buddy. Absolutely. Wow, congratulations. This was available like 10 years ago. Right? I know everybody loves a good sale and a good discount, I'm just saying. OK. So I don't believe those up on the screen for you guys if you haven't got them down, but we'll be sending on an email with that. But now it's time to get to your questions. So I do have a couple questions. Janet, Greg, because I'm most likely going to be for you. So the first question is, are there any particular courses that you would recommend taking to accelerate your business in the beginning? Janet, I'll give that one to you. Any particular courses or education to grow your business? Absolutely. I mean, I think the key to growing your business, you have to be open to learning and to so many avenues. So there's so many things that you can learn for your business of running the business, the niche of your business, if that's personal training, or if it's more on the nutrition side, died into any, I mean, there's lots of free information on the web. But if there's classes courses that you can take, sign up do it because for me, I'm like, every day I'm always reading and trying to learn, I always like researching people, like, what are you doing? They think I'm like, screwing. So I'm like, actually, learning reading because I think it's a valuable thing to continue growing yourself as a brand, but with the knowledge and research. And everything's changing these things. So you've got to stay up with the latest and greatest. I love that. I'm thinking of staying up with the trends. Someone else asked, how do you keep on top of trends, especially when it comes to posting on your social media, staying current, how do you keep up with all that? Yeah, you gotta stay involved on social media. You gotta kind of keep up with everything. What's the newest and the latest? How can you incorporate that new trend with your brand? And does it make sense to do that, too? Cause maybe sometimes it doesn't. Like, but when the new trends pop up, you have to say, okay, if it fits my brand, can we do this? How can we like maybe tweak it, get more creative with it, more innovative? And but that's exciting. Play off it, see how it does, whether it works. Okay, good. Go with it. If it doesn't, then you try it. And you at least try doing it and see if it works or not. Absolutely. And would you agree that for Greg too, because it has to do with the nutrition space and understanding what clients want, would you guys say that it's important to stay up with like industry publications and different magazines? And like all of that, not just social media, right? But there's a lot of other educational material and industry publications that are out there. Would you guys agree with that? Yes, absolutely. And I mean, courses for me, I would say, I know you guys have a marketing and search engine optimization course on ISSA. You guys have, you guys have a lot of internet marketing courses that I would say are very different than like personal training courses, but very critical as well. It's not just a matter of becoming a trainer. It's understanding how to market and build your brand as a trainer. So don't just stick to the science. Also understand the business aspect as well. And then yeah, to hear the other part of your question about trends, et cetera, from a not famous person, like Janet, I have to spend a lot of time. And our team spends a lot of time very in detail understanding and researching posts on social media. So we're looking at what type of content are people posting that we want to emulate? What is the lighting in their posts look like? Is the person head to toe? If it's a recipe post, like what are the key elements of the posts? Like break it down, step by step in a very detailed way. So that you can much better understand the trend. You know, other than just trying to do the ice bucket challenge or the milk crate challenge or whatever in particular is trending on social media. So really get into the details when it comes to either online marketing trends or any of these things. I saw a lot of questions about this in the questions. Like it is a skill, just like dieting or body building to market on the internet and to do social media. Just practice the skill and study what other people are doing. And you'll be able to understand how to really get high engagement and start to build a brand yourself on social media. I love that. You got to have been a lot of questions about education and things to do. I love that. There was another question. Do you feel that to be a successful trainer and coach? You should have a bachelor's degree in business or exercise science. As somebody who has a bachelor's degree in zoology and a master's degree in human resources and as a successful trainer of 14 years I can tell you that you don't have to have that. Especially if you're older guys, not everybody wants to go back to school for that. And Janet, your degree, your education initially wasn't nursing. Right? Nothing to do with exercise science. No, I didn't. And I even tell people who are in the health field as well. Like you're in the health field. So you know the science. You went to school for that. But you definitely need to learn the business aspect if you're going to go off and have your own brand with that. But you can, there's lots of research you can do and lots of certification courses that you can do. But you don't necessarily have to have a degree in it. Absolutely. Janet, there's a couple of questions that I know we're running over guys, but you guys have some great questions. So I want to get them out. Janet, somebody ask, well, it would be your number one piece of advice for first time competitor. Oh, I know this is like, I believe I know it sounds very cliche, but if, if no, if you're not believing in yourself, who else is? Your belief drives you to continue to push yourself, to keep moving, to get up every day without your alarm going off, to get the work done. You have to believe that you can do it to carry yourself through and finish to the end. Even in business, you have to believe in yourself. And as a competitor, there's many times where, you know, I wasn't winning. I was not placing where I wanted to. And that's very discouraging. It could send someone, you know, to maybe like give up the whole idea. But as long as that belief carries in you, you know that you can, you know, if you've got to put in the work, of course, to make the changes, but that belief will carry you so far. Absolutely. And I would piggyback off of that as a competitor myself, a 14 years and I've done what 28 shows now. So not as many as Janet, but I've done much of our shows. My advice would be find people who know what they're doing. And go with them, right? And like ask questions, not necessarily follow them or do what they're doing, but ask questions. Right? So there's a question how do you get started in competing? Ask people in your area, ask prep coaches in your area or Google it. That's how I got into my first competition. I googled it. Bodybuilding shows in Arizona. I popped up and I did my very first show all by myself. Right? But get with people. Yeah. And to add to that, like a lot of people who don't know, you know, what coach to go with or they don't really know what to do. And I always say, do your research. If it makes sense to you do it. If it doesn't, and if you're questioning it, it's not for you. You know, the last thing you want to do is dive into something that you don't, you're not really knowledgeable about and you then you get yourself caught up in something that you're like, whoa, what am I doing here? Always do your research and make sure it aligns like with what your goals are. And you know, if you feel good about it, do it. Love that. Let's do one more guys. I actually really like this question. I love you from both of you. Somebody asks, what advice can you give to someone who's not outgoing? Right? So if they're not like the Robotshire or type, what advice would you give them to get started, get clients, get brand partnerships, etc. For me, Janet can give her perspective too, but I would say focus on online. You know, you can build a very successful online business as a trainer and, you know, an entrepreneur without, you know, necessarily going to anything. But the, the other thing I would encourage whoever asks this question on is, you know, everybody has their doubts about themselves. I mean, to Janet's point about belief, like momentum builds momentum. So when you go to your first show or even going to the gym and meeting other regular gym goers, you're going to build more and more confidence and become more and more outgoing. It doesn't matter if you're an introvert. You can absolutely succeed in this business and, you know, you can focus on digital and, you know, building your confidence over time. That, that would be my two cents. That's a great question because for me, I would say I was always more shy and the less outgoing. And I was always like, well, you know, if I want to do something successful, like, you know, what are the steps that I need to get there. But it wasn't really my focus to be like, how can I be more outgoing. But that kind of just came naturally just like, you know, if I want to work with people, if I want to help people, I kind of have to know about them. I have to do this. So it was more like pushing myself to just get out there, even though I personally wasn't the most outgoing. And, you know, I didn't feel so comfortable, you know, reaching out to people or talking to people, but now I talk to thousands and hundreds of people. You know, going to events, hundreds of people, and I learned so much about them. So then I realized, like, wow, this is like an important tool. And so just kind of, instead of switching to think of, well, I want to be more outgoing. It's more of like, well, I want to do more from my business. And if this is something I need to do and get myself pushed myself to talk to people, learn about them, and that brings value. I love that. Yeah, I would say, yeah, be yourself like be authentic to yourself. And that's you. That's you. But be an expert above all, right? You don't have to be outgoing to be an expert. But if you share knowledge and like, just help people and like Greg said, you can get out there and do what you need to do. Then you'll, you'll do what you need to do. You'll build your business and you don't have to be a certain way to be successful. So I love that question. I think that was a great one to end on you guys. Well, Janet, Greg, thank you guys so much for joining us today and sharing all of this. Information. This has been a really good time. Thanks for having me. Thank you guys so much for tuning in. And this was awesome. Hopefully these, these nuggets and advice will help you guys succeed in the fitness space. It's, there's so much to be had. Yeah, absolutely big big thank you to the ISSA and Janet for joining as well. Yes, and thank you guys all for being here. This has been a blast. Thank you so much for joining us. Keep an eye out for the email in this recording. But hey, we hope you guys have a great day. Go eat some good food. Check out Tri-Fect in nutrition and check out Janet. If you're down in Florida, go check her out for her NPC show in September. Thanks guys.

=== FILE: Go from Passionate About Yoga to Professional Yogi and Launch a Career You Love! [7Ey77mgj12E].txt ===

Well, hello everyone. Look at you guys, chomping at the vet ready to go. I love it. Welcome in. We are going to get started in just a moment here. We'll give it like a minute or two and let everyone that's going to join us. Join us. Hello everyone. Hi. Hi. Welcome. Welcome to our session today. And then we're keep going up and up and up. Welcome everybody. Welcome to our session today. So if you're just joining us, give us just a minute. And then we'll get started here. We want to make sure we give everybody an ample time to log in. So you don't miss anything. Nice. Hi Katie. I Katie. We're excited to see you. As they help coach, I know that you can get us hello. It's super exciting to have you guys all here. Yep. Representing. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Super excited to have you guys all here. Yep. Represent. We'll love it. Hi. Oh my gosh. So many people. Where is everyone in from? I know. Yes. Tell us in the chat where you're in. Amanda. I'm going to have to put you down. That's a whole feet. Hey. Oh my gosh. Love it. All over the place. Can't. I represent. Can't. I do always in the house. Marilyn the Caribbean. Love it. I'm excited. I just said lots of Texas in here. Wow. And it's so awesome. London, Canada, love it. Yes. Welcome everybody. All right. Let's go ahead and dive on in. Keep those things coming in the chat. Letting us know where you are tuning in from so excited to have you guys here. We're a little talking. We will introduce ourselves in just a moment. But thank you so much for joining us for our webinar today. We're talking about taking your passion for yoga and turning it into a career. This is possible. We have what that somebody can absolutely tell you guys the ins and outs of the industry. So I'm super excited. But first I would love it to introduce ourselves really quick. So you've had no that way. You're speaking with before we dive in today. My name is Jenny Scott. I'm a senior content developer here with ISSA. I'm rocking on my allow gear today. But what that means is I actually develop and create a lot of the courses that ISSA puts out. And it looks like from the chat a lot of you guys have gone through our courses. Some of the names I actually recognize from one of the boot camp or other webinars that we've done. So welcome back. Everybody who this is your first time on an ISSA webinar. Welcome. You're in for a good time. Who's going to be fun. Not only do I work with ISSA, you guys going to do on a point out I am an active personal trainer and nutrition coach. I've been doing this for 14 years. I have private clients. I have online clients and I do youth and college strength and conditioning. So this is something that I love. I love fitness. I love I have a passion for everything helping wellness. And yoga is actually something that I practice regularly. I am a Sunday yoga goer. This week I'm going on Saturday. I will be a yoga person. So I'm super excited to be talking to you guys about this. And with me, I have a beautiful angel this stand and angel introduced yourself. Hi, everyone. I'm Angel. I am a. E. R. Y. T. 500 hour yoga teacher. I've taught yoga for over a decade. Um, taught internationally taught bachelor arts. And I'm going to go to a lecture in the lecture and study with myself. And I teach myself, I'm going to study with myself. And I'm going to study with myself. I teach a curiosity based practice in yoga and in life. And yeah, that's who I am. And then just real quick, Jonathan, you're saying you're seeing you're seeing you're seeing you were you would use. I would say yes because it's such a beautiful practice. And it opens up like a whole world of possibilities. But that is who I am. Absolutely. Absolutely. I agree with that to Jonathan. Yes, what was talk about a lot of things that you can use the old before in some ways that you can use it. You don't have to necessarily become a teacher right and so we'll talk about a lot of that stuff today. So welcome everyone again. Thank you so much for joining us. Got a little agenda here for you guys. We are going to be covering a lot today. So first and foremost, we're going to talk about what you need to know to become a yoga teacher right to get certified in yoga. What's the process. So we'll break that down for you guys. We'll talk to you guys about what you'll learn through a 200 hour online yoga teacher training course, which is what we offer and 200 hours. It's a lot of hours. But it's a lot of information that you're going to get to fully prepare to use all of this content. We'll talk about insights from our professional yoga this angel hearing. We'll be guys some great insights into the career and what she's been able to do with her career as a yoga professional. And then we've also got some amazing giveaways at the end. So make sure you guys stick around from our tools. Some amazing giveaways that we have for you guys. We're going randomly slept people from the attendees list. So make sure you stay here all going to the end to be a part of that. Make sure you guys obviously you guys know the chat is open. So please put your questions in the chat communicate with each other. Have fun with it. If you guys have specific questions from me and angel the best place to put those is going to be in the queue and a. So everybody down at the bottom of your screen. You should have a link for Q and A if you click on that. That's going to be the best place to throw your questions. So the at the end of the session will be open enough for questions. We can find those there. Right. But again chat and don't feel free to use it guys. We love it. So let's go ahead and dive on in. But before we talk. Let's talk about. Allow moves giveaways. Okay. Make sure you hang out with us till the end for your chance to win some of these prizes. We have 15 prizes guys right now. There's just a 90 of you here awesome. We have 15 prizes that we randomly selecting winners for and you must be present to win. So we'll be giving away a five. Allow, glory, your max. So self for 128 bucks. We have five. Allow uplifting yoga blocks, which goes for about 28 dollars and get this guys. We have five 12 month membership to allow moves, which are about 200 dollars a year. So we're going to be giving five of each of those away. So stay put. Okay. One thing to know about allom moves. It's a really cool platform that gives you access to anything yoga. Plotty is bar hit drink training, meditation, self care. So much more. And it's online and in app forms. So really cool members have to do guys are going to get access to just for being a part of this with us. Right. Now before we dive into yoga. I want to tell you guys a little bit about I asked to say it looks like quite a few guys are familiar with us. So we will. I love that. Keep it going. Well, for those of you guys we don't know, know. First and foremost, I Suzyія has certified more fitness and wellness professionals than anyone else in the industry and I'm not just saying that it's numbers guys, it's proven. Okay, we started in 1988. And our mission, positioned has always been to connect more people with wellness and healthy living year after year. We currently offer more certifications than any other organization as well as of today. We have more than 50 certifications that we offer. a lot of somebody guys are talking about you take a 10 and 12, but that's not possible anymore. Impressive. Yeah. There's so much here. We have a huge library of continuing education courses as well, covering everything from specific nutrition topics, to special population, and health condition, and even specialized training techniques like yoga. Okay? But lots to know. And I have to mention, we also offer more support to our students that you'll find anywhere else. Everyone of our students gets access to their burial and student success team. That's a team of certified professionals who are available to answer any question that you have as you learn and begin your career. So not just during the education process, but even after you've finished and you're out there in the world working. Our students also have access to several online spaces for support and community. We have live instructor-led sessions for many of our courses as well. We really do have a well-rounded process for our students and we're super excited to be able to offer that to you guys. And take it from somebody like me who back 14 years ago when I got certified, they handed me a book and said, good luck. We've come a long way. So so much that we offer for you guys. I want to make sure that you know that. Our courses extend beyond just personal training courses into things like yoga, which we'll talk about today, nutrition, health coaching, and specialized training, like I mentioned. We have a growing portfolio of friends. So we're not just making everything I have to say. We're acquiring a lot of different brands you guys, like NCCCPT, the functional aging Institute is a new one and a lot more to come from that one. And even things like revolution running in and our collaboration with yoga 200. And I'm going to chance to introduce you to some of the instructors that help us help us build yoga 200, including Intel here. So you guys will get to know a little bit more about them as well. And finally guys, we offer you accredited, recognized certification programs, no matter where you're at in your career. And we'll talk a little bit more about the accreditation for yoga in the coming years. All right. Now, when you become certified as a yoga professional, you get to do what you love and you have the opportunity to make money while you do it. Okay. As a fitness professional, again, a 14 years you guys, I can tell you honestly, there's nothing better than doing something that you love every day and getting paid for it. Because there's a lot of people in the world that don't like what they do. They might like the paycheck, but they don't love what they do. And if you can have both guys, you're in the right spot. With yoga, you guys get a chance to share the benefits of yoga with your students or your athletes or whoever it is that you're working with. Okay. You can share all the benefits. You can expand and deepen your own yoga practice as well. So for those of you who don't really want to teach yoga, this is for you too. Okay. You can use this for yourself. It's an a chance to experience personal growth as you learn, teach and then lighten not only yourself, but others. You'll have the opportunity to teach you, though, with a flexible schedule and several formats, which Angel will talk to us more about coming up here shortly. And guys, you get to become your own boss. I'm sure for the worship is real. Okay. This is an opportunity for you to become your own boss if you choose to make it a career. And there's many ways that you can teach the yoga practice and the best part is, it's all up to you. Okay. So lots of opportunity here. Now I'm going to turn the stage over to Angel, so she can give you some insights into a career as a yoga professional. Angel, take it away. Thank you. So welcome everybody. I know that if you're here, then you are interested in thinking about, like, how would you benefit from adding yoga to your practice? And I think just on a physical level, the more knowledge that you have of your body, the better. And I think the yoga practice is complimentary to every other movement modality that you can have. So I also wait left. I also one of my teachers that I teach risk. He's a marathon runner. Other people go to Ironman's. But the yoga practice is a really beautiful sort of touchstone for the rest of your, of your, like, life movement practices. So I do think that knowledge is never wasted. And once you start deepening your practice and your understanding of the body, then you start to be able to take it out into the world. And then the whole world just becomes available to you and the possibilities really become endless. And through this course, we teach you how to how to maximize your yoga training, everything there on the bullet points. We teach you how to plan and prepare for your classes so that you can make it very unique to you. And then when you have this information through the 200 hour, you can cater to exactly whatever body that you are teaching to, which I think makes you so valuable across the board to every single body that you come across. And then Josh Animal Flow, yes, wonderful. I love animal flow. And I got into Animal Flow after having a 200 hour base of knowledge. And this is really in depth and it teaches you so much about the body. So again, when you go out from this foundational place into the rest of the movement world and the wellness world. You, you can show up. I think a lot more confidence because of the amount of knowledge that this gives you. So we're also going to cover. And the importance of holistic fitness, like I said, and being able to match it with anything else will give you tips on starting your career through this 200 hour. And how to create a following, which is really fun, but creating a following is more about you showing up as you like your most empowered and educated self. In this yoga practice and just being like, this is what I know. This is what I have to offer. And the people who understand what you are saying in the way that you are saying it will be very drawn to you. And that is when the world starts to open up. So I'm super excited to share this like 200 hour with you because I really do think it sets you up wonderfully for success and the possibilities are just truly endless. So speaking of capabilities here, angel, let's say I want to go. And by the way, I want to revisit what you just said about like the way that you say things as a yoga instructor, you and I have had lots of conversations. We actually know each other, decently well. And she has said that she's one of the yoga instructors. I want you to expand on this before we move on. But you say things to your students like the way that you present and the way you teach your students. Some people like it and some people don't. Right. Doctors were about that. Okay. So the yoga people that I know with the biggest followings, if that's your goal, are very polarizing. And they're polarizing because they teach so specifically they're not for everyone and the goal is to not be for everyone. The goal is to have the thing that you can't not share. And then have the modality through which to share it. And for me, I cannot not share empowerment. And I cannot not teach you about the thing inside of yourself that is incredible and has so much potential for strength. I cannot not do that. And yoga is the vehicle through which I'm able to like encourage other people and speak to other people. So I think when you're coming into this training and you're coming into do I want to be a yoga teacher. What do you want to share. And how can you do that? And then once you have that, then all of these things open up to you international travel or sure I've taught all over the place trying to Switzerland, Mexico of course, and then domestically. You can create your own yoga brand, but I do I will also say that. Don't even think about your own yoga brand until you have the thing that you cannot not share with it. You once you find that again everything also opens up. Yoga for special populations Peter you said you had a hip replacement done in February. That's very simple to incorporate into the training because the training is not can you put both legs behind your head now that you have a new hip. The training is how does the like hip capsule fit into the acetablin and what is the actual movement possibility in there. What are the modifications that we can make for you because everybody should be able to do yoga and if you're a yoga teacher. You should be able to facilitate that and this program is designed to give you as much information as possible so that you can find that within yourself and have so many possibilities with which to express that. So you'll be able to find your niche. Again, yoga for special populations hip replacements I've worked with people that have had like bulging discs L4 L5 is out I've had people with neck issues shoulder issues if you understand the body there's a way to work with any injury. I've taught chair yoga I've taught like breath work I've taught leg only yoga there's also bed yoga anything again find the thing that you cannot not share and then anyone's restriction just becomes another possibility. So so much to know you guys if there are a lot of opportunities again we mentioned working with athletes there's a great way to work with athletes when you're yoga so for those of you guys again you don't play on teaching it we want to make sure that you know that there are possibilities. Now we started to play on real quickly Amanda you're saying would you have to get a different or specific certification to work with kids with disability. I would say this would provide a really good base of knowledge but then you wouldn't need a different certification but you might want to just practice with a lot of children or get a little bit more information in that vein but you would not need a different certification because this 200 hour would cover that. Thank you often. So I was too shy to go into a studio because I felt incapable for other reasons but I felt very incapable so I was too shy to go into a studio and. I practiced by myself in my house for a little while so and then I went straight from my practicing by myself in my house to taking a teacher training. So I do think that it is useful to have an established yoga practice before you start but the quality of information in here is such that you can start with nothing but obviously when you start getting into it I'm a super big believer in practicing what you preach. So if you're going to teach yoga please have a yoga practice you don't need to have one right now but let it develop get curious about it. Yeah, I love that and it's really you guys the reason for that is because yoga is such a deep practice that you really want to experience it for yourself. Things like resistance training nutrition coaching us for running group fitness classes for example. I don't have this same expectation but hopefully people have experienced what they're teaching others to do practice what you preach right and I know like a lot of you guys based on the comments and seeing so far child is a professional athlete like a lot of you guys are living what you're teaching other people and that is because we lead by. Yeah, we lead by example so having the experience of teaching these things or being a part of this practice it's super beneficial. When you complete the certification course in particular a 200 hour teacher training is what we're discussing today it's literally 200 hours between the materials for the videos the reading the activity. I don't leave anything to chance so we want you to know everything that you need to know including the history of yoga of course the yoga poses let's know brighter not a teach it and so much more right there's a lot more that goes into a yoga course and we'll talk about those things and detail coming up here. The depth of this course is what makes a 200 hour certification stand out for you as the learner and also for your potential employers. Your employers are going to be looking for this now angel can you say a few words about that about potential employees looking for specifically and a credit or 200 hour certification. Yes, first of all Michael yes your name is showing. Secondly for the 200 hour yes when I was just starting out and trying to get into different studios most studios and when I say most I mean like 97% will ask that your certificate be a 200 hour our YS. Because there is a level of information and there's a level of knowledge that is required through a 200 hour teacher training and they just want to make sure that you got all of that because some of these other certifications that don't have a 200 hour. And they might be 200 hour as far as the longevity of it, but if they're not a registered yoga school, they have they can do different things they can not teach you about anatomy as in depth or they can not teach you about sutras as in depth. So I think. As I was like trying to get hired it was so useful everyone asked where's your 200 hour certification ROS and I had it and that opened a lot of doors so it is very useful. Perfect and carries said yeah Elizabeth your name is still correct. Yes, yes, yeah carries that image that the studios that they would have only only hire 200 hour our way so that's why you're here that's awesome. And I think that's a very important thing that you've already experienced now once you're certified to you guys with a 200 hour certification like this that's accredited you have the opportunity to register with yoga Alliance. And this is the in there the industry leaders it upholding ethics in yoga instruction course framework and standards and that's key they accredited the process that you go through not the material. So we're going to help make sure that everyone learns safe and highly effective and quality material okay quality information but that you're also making sure that you're learning enough information like angels that you're not missing anything. And it's all about equitable teaching in yoga membership, including benefits like there's online workshops with yoga Alliance they have an online directory and you become visible in that directory so people are looking for yoga instructors whether it's individuals or employers they can find you. Lots of community engagement community meetups online resources and there's perks and discounts on yoga products and things like that as well so who doesn't love this count I love a movie. Angel what are some of the other benefits of you know why you know. I think that is really the main one it's just it's a language that everybody speaks and yes the yoga Alliance accredited is in Canada so the yoga 200 our way us it's really across the board in the yoga world so if I'm going to a. Yoga Shala in Cambodia I can show them I have my 200 hour and I have my 500 hour our YS and they know exactly what that means every yoga studio will for the most part globally understand what that means and so it just gives you an immediate sort of understanding between you and the person you're talking to of how much knowledge you have as your base. Perfect yes and then last night we've got to get out there you got to start teaching an angel can you practice all about that there are no wrong place for teaching you're right. No you really that's the hardest part is that after you have all this knowledge then you have to just stumble over your own words stumble over your own feet be teaching a pose and fall out of it in front of everyone. That will be the hardest part and it's useful to know that because then when you get to that point and you're like this is so hard that's normal but just get out there do it as much as you can. And there is again there's no wrong thing I would teach for those of you in Texas I taught in Austin at Silk or Park. I would do just like a evening flow and then we play volleyball and I did that and it helped me get like the stumble over my words out and that's really you just want to see yourself improve and the more you do it the more your own proof so get out there improve start improving as soon as possible fail fast and then you'll rise fast as well. And fail forward and you have a little bit of that. I used to go with my college athletes all the time and guys they get so excited when I tell them it's a yoga day they love it. So of course we've given you guys quite a bit of information so far so those of you guys who have maybe been on the fence about is this right from you or not. Really we don't want you to question this we don't want you to wonder if this course is for you the answer is yes. How you want to go about this or how you want to use this the answer is yes. The yoga 200 courses designed to give you a well-rounded and thorough approach to yoga instruction and how long you've been practicing. Okay, you get to take your passion that you have for yoga or fitness in general you guys this is aspect of fitness for those of you guys who are new to this and mindfulness and turn it into a career or addict to what you're already doing. And it's even great for those of you who are just looking to deepen your own personal yoga practice with no intention of teaching others. Okay, so there's really no like angels that before there's no wrong answer here. They're really busy. So I want to make take some today real quick and introduce you guys to a few of the yoga professionals who instruct this amazing course one of whom is on this call today and not only did they instruct this course these five people that I'm going to talk about here in just a second they all had an integral role in putting this course together. They're all also still involved with this course. Hence by angels here Alex teaches our live courses and such. So there's lots of different people involved in this and they're also actively involved in it. So Angel we heard a little bit from this amazing human earlier, but she's a mental health advocate and yoga teacher of cult survivor, a storyteller and the creator of the process by Angel. And she mentioned before that she's an E R Y T 500. But guys she has over 20,000 hours. It's a construction. That's a jake. But with the album, how many years of straight of instruction in that? That's crazy. Okay, so there's lots of different things that she's done and it's tons of time that she's put into this and the career. We have Andrew Cealy. He completed 200 hour yoga teacher training at the yoga center in San Luis of Biscoe. And his path of health and education continue him with high honors for graduation from the Institute for Integrative Nutrition. So he moved on to some other aspects of wellness as well. He finds joy and interviewing yogis from all walks of life and sharing their inspiring stories on his yoga revealed podcast. So he's still out there and I love his podcast by the way, super fun yoga revealed as well. It's called if you get a chance to check it out. We have Alex, our team yet on the right there. Alex actually teaches. Our live sessions will talk more about those with this course. There are live instructional sessions. Alex teaches imagery of those. And he's a yoga meditation and breath work teacher based out of Santa Monica, California. And since first teaching his first class in 2011, he's chosen to dedicate his life to studying yoga and his top over 5,000 classes as well. So he's right up there with angel as far as experience and actually teaching others. He's like retreats around the world and lectured on yoga philosophy and meditation in many many teacher trainings including this one. Buddy is awesome. Buddy is also by the way, Alex and buddy is both in our podcast. They're super fun. Buddy is a hoot. He is a force of nature and a micro influencer in the world of fitness and self empowerment. His career has spanned over two decades from being a personal trainer, a body worker and a group fitness instructor. He actually currently still teaching yoga straight training, cycling, rippy and meditation and sound. And California and angel works with him quite often as well. And then we have Vasu who is a big part of this course. He was born and raised born in New York and raised all over the world. If he likes to say, and he's been practicing the mind-body medicinal practices and lifestyle since 2011. So some really experienced professionals that are here with you. Angel, do you want to say anything about any of these guys that you're most involved with? So I know Alex and buddy. Alex and I actually used to teach together a back in like 2017. We taught at the same studio here in Santa Monica. And then I moved. I did some work with a football team and he stayed and then we ended up. Do now also teach together at the same studio again. It's a different studio, but we ended up teaching together again, which is wonderful. He's a great human being. And then I know buddy from one of the studios another studio here in West Hollywood. So they're all really, really lovely human beings. And I think they have so much valuable information that they're very generous with in this in this program. I agree. Yeah, and the opposite things slightly differently, which is cool. Yeah. All right. So let me tell you guys a little bit more about the yoga 200-hour course. Okay. This, your teacher training journey starts here. This is a comprehensive course. Again, there's over 200 hours worth of content. There's 30 hours of video lectures, two different guidebooks that are included, the normal manual and the Asana guidebook. We give you everything that you can need and there's a question just recently in the chat what styles of yoga will you be teaching? This course prepares you to teach Hatha and Vinyasah style yoga classes. Okay. So Hatha and Vinyasah are specifically what we cover. There's so many more you guys. And if we try to include all styles of yoga, it's a lot of information and be the book would be 9,000 pages. Okay. So we just focused on those two, which are commonly taught. This isn't a credited program you guys. Can't stress that enough. It's rare to, and I trust me, you can look it out. It's rare to find online RYS registered yoga schools with the yoga Alliance. We are one of them. Okay. Which means everything that you do can be completely online and it still qualifies to make you eligible to register with yoga Alliance. It's an interactive program too. We have live weekly virtual study sessions that are available for you guys. They're recorded too. So if you can't make the live sessions, Alex and the crew that teaches those classes record them and then they post them online. So you can go back and rewatch them later. Again, did you chance to ask questions to get feedback while you're learning? And of course, it's trusted because it's powered by the money and only I asked that say we've been in the industry for over 30 years. Guys, and again, we have more certified professionals than any other organization out there. My favorite part though is that it's flexible. You get to study at your own pace because it's 100% online, including the certification exam, which means you can study and take your test from anywhere at any time. And those of you guys who have been with ISSA before you know about that flexibility, right? So that you can absolutely do what you need to do handle your life and then move back into your course as you see fit. Okay. Of course, we offer tremendous support. I mentioned it at the top of the hour. I'm a limited access to your dedicated success team through phone chat or email. It's the same thing as what's the exam like. It's a multiple choice exam. It doesn't mean it's easy. If somebody thinks of multiple choice exam is easy, you've not taken one of ours. And so I think you've been blind guys. I was like the status because I teach our material. Think about the purpose of an exam is it's a tester knowledge and make sure you know what you're doing. But it's all multiple choice. No essays or anything like that. No live experience or videos that you have to send there anything. And it's simple. Okay. So with that online exam, you can take it anywhere cool. Good question. We'll have money back here and see you can purchase with confidence. If you don't get a job with this, we will refund your money. Okay. Essentially is what ISSA backs up pretty much all of our courses with. And it's mindful. We actually start every single week or module of the course with meditations for you to clear your brain and prepare for a learning. I think that's pretty cool and unique and they're usually led by Alex. And then of course we have expertise. I told you all the people involved in creating this course. Those five amazing instructors, the people who developed on the content and put it all together for you. I'm one of them, so I'm not just personal. But we have created quite the program for you guys. Okay. There's a question for Christina about using the GI bill. Let me get back to that because I think we can do that. So let me clarify for that and I will get you to answer at the end. I'll let you answer at the end here. All right. So let's go through a little bit. I told you I'm going depth about the curriculum. What you're going to learn. Let's talk about some details here guys. This curriculum means no stir it's known unturned. All right. We talk about teaching and cueing principles, right. So teaching yoga but also cueing your clients lots of different ways you can do that. Sequiting posing for a cohesive yoga flow. Of course we talk about anatomy and physiology so that no matter what your background is, you'll have all the foundational information that you need to be successful. We talk about meditation and propaneama, which is also breathing as well as we refer to it as breathing is super important. That's a big part of your yoga practice. We talk about the history and philosophies of yoga. We talk about ethics for yoga professionals. This is going to be super important, especially as it comes to building your business. We're really big. I asked you say about including business and ethics and a lot of that into all of our certifications and those who are taking them with us before you see this. We talk about a lot of professional development speaking of and angel talk a little bit more about that coming up here. But professional development, it's not just about getting certified in them being like, oh, here you go. Go out there and find a job. We're going to teach you how to do all the things that you need to do to grow. We talk about the asanas that yoga posture is, you have to learn those. You'll actually get to practice a signature foundational yoga practice with 37 different poses multiple times throughout the course. Each time we show it, we actually take you through different aspects of the flow. It's pretty cool when we get might be focusing on your gaze. The next week is on Qing. So we could some foot placement, etc. We go through it several times so you'll be able to learn it thoroughly and understand all aspects of the flow. And then we do talk about step by step guides for getting started. This is part of business development creating your resume, auditioning for your yoga teaching job for those of you who are going to go out there and work, Creating your class style and even sequencing your classes. Okay, so there's a lot here. Anything you want to add on this before we go forward, Indo. I would say that the signature foundational class Alex and I created together and so it is very intentional to try and give you as much information as possible, surrounding how to best teach each posture. What each posture is for and how you can modify it. So we built it together over the course of like a little bit of time and we just wanted to get as much stuff in there as possible. So you do of course get the anatomy, the meditation and everything like that, but having a base practice, a structure and an understanding of 37 different postures. You can mix that up in so many ways and say things with confidence because we give you so much information about those 37 postures and that also sets you up to understand hundreds more. So absolutely, and carry that investment in chat here teaching the same flow from multiple focuses pretty genius. I agree. I agree. So yes, we want to help you guys warm this in any way possible. Everybody learns slightly differently guys. So we do present quite a bit of information in presented in different ways. All right, so that's a sneak peek into what you'll learn. Now I'm going to share with you guys next about the different bundles, the way that you can go about this course. Okay, we offer different bundles because again, everybody's aim. All of you guys here, your aim on how you want to use this maybe slightly different. So on the left, we have our yoga 200 teacher bundles. This is our base package and it gets you all the fun, the fundamental information that you need about becoming a yoga instructor. So you'll get the yoga 200 course. We also include your CPR and an ED, you're welcome. And for those of you who already have it, you can hold on to it and use it when you need to renew in a couple years. You're welcome. Okay, and then of course you get the weekly virtual study studios included as part of the course. So if you're a judge here to get yoga and you've got everything else handled, this is your jam. All right, in the middle we have our elite package. This is actually our most popular, especially for people that maybe aren't in the industry yet, but are ready to get into it. Okay, notice nowhere in here, do we talk about the personal training certification? Because not everybody who does yoga wants to be a personal trainer. Okay, but we do offer that as well to say it. The elite bundle has everything that you need for yoga, your CPR and the weekly study sessions, but we're also throwing in nutritionists and online coach. So you have everything that you need to know about nutrition and helping people to hold that in for their fitness goals. Super important, but also how to take your business online. Okay, you can teach you that online you guys and this is a great way to get started with it. Then we also offer for my over cheaters out there loop loop throw it up. We've got the master bundle. Okay, this is includes everything from mail. So the yoga 200 your CPR, the weekly sessions nutrition and online. Also adding in exercise recovery specialist. This course is near and dear to my heart you guys. I helped contribute to this in a couple years ago. Everyone needs to learn how to recover better from stress and exercise. Okay, that's what this course is 100% about. We have the transformation specialist, which is all about the psychology, the mind work around making behavior changes. Hi, I thought yeah. And then the glute specialist and not only because I was actually the primary contributor writing this course, so I know all about me call me the glute queen over here. But Angel, tell us a little bit why yes from a white my gosh. I was so happy to see glute specialist in there because a lot of people come to yoga because of lower back pain. And this is just something that so many of us experience lower back pain and they come into yoga and sometimes the yoga makes it worse. And the reason because the reason why is because there's a lack of understanding surrounding the glutes. So the glutes being the biggest muscle group in the body. If you have a weak lower back that immediately tells me that you are not understanding your glutes and their situation. In the body. So I think this glute specialist is so important. And we do touch on that a little bit in the 200 hour, but I think having a like committed blocks to understanding the glute is really important and very beneficial to your yoga practice. So I'm super glad to see that in there for sure. Yes, and I'm so excited to hear people using glutes and sort of communication for more than just having a nicer looking booty. Yes, who doesn't want a better looking butt, but I'm just saying it is functional too. Yes. Yes, and exactly. Thank you. It's so helpful. Yeah, and Katie and Niren had questions in the chat. I'm going to find out the exact answer for you guys and make sure to report back. If some of you guys are certified already in some of the certifications included in the elite or the master bundle. I do believe it's not that much of an issue on our side. Let me double check though. I do believe you can trade out the one that you already have with something else. So let me confirm that and then I will get back to you guys. All right, so if you're already certified in some of these and you want to do for example, the master bundle, we should be able to change out courses. Let me confirm that. All right, so stand by cool. All right, oh, just as I love the transformation specialist. Yeah, yeah. I call it as huge. I totally agree psychology at the yoga practice is very psychologically involves it's very heavy in psychology and I think the more you understand about how the mind works and what people's mind tendencies are and how they show up in their practice. I think it's very useful information and the fact that it's in their Josh. Yes, it's really a very big bonus because again, it's not just a practice it's a overall like life practice, which means every part of your life is going to show up on the map. So yeah, I agree and as somebody who works with athletes, I call to do everything. I understand that. Yeah, it's all right, guys. So not only will I as a side group, guys, as they provide you with the education that you need to become successful. You'll also get again our unique education support. I mentioned it earlier. It's the dedicated success team that's here to help you. They're certified themselves. So it's not like they're just answering phone calls guys, they've been through the courses they do what you do. All right, any other questions you have along the way, they are there to help you. And also online and social media groups like Facebook and Instagram that where you can share your journey and ask questions. I'm actually one of the moderators on our Facebook page super fun, great place to communicate with other people. People post jobs on their all the time, by the way, just saying at least two or the kinds of week. And their moderated virus success coaches as well. Your learning is 100% online. Can't stress that enough for one of the few ROS programs that is 100% online. That gives you the flexibility to learn anywhere anytime. Remember, you can learn at your own pace. Take that exam when you're ready, which is also online for your convenience. And don't forget about the live studies to your sessions hosted by the instructors from this course. It will help you enhance your knowledge from this course and give you that opportunity to interact and ask questions. That's huge. You want you to interact and ask questions. We're also proud to be the only online fitness organization that offers this much support and convenience for you as you kickstart and grow your careers. Now, I want Angel to talk to you guys a little bit more about some career opportunities. How can these guys use this certification? So there are so many opportunities with this certification. And I think the main thing is just the fact that a whole different aspect of the world opens up to you. There are a lot of different opportunities. My favorite is in person because there's something different that happens in the mind in the body when you are in the room with another person. So that is my favorite. I teach mostly in boutiques gyms. I've taught in very large gyms and I've taught at like corpower, I've taught at boutique. I've taught at different gyms. I think, but again, because I do love the one on one, I love the smaller studio because that allows you a different sort of connection and to create a whole different community, which I think is really beautiful. It can also be your full time. It's my full time. I've done it full time for 11, 11 years I believe. It's been full full time. But you can also do it as a side hustle. A lot of my friends have gone through yoga 200 hours and then taught at their favorite gym at their gym that they go to. And I have one friend she has a full time job, but she also teaches Thursday nights and Sunday mornings. And those are her times to like catch up with her friends after the Thursday night. They go out and happy hour after Sunday morning. They go for brunch, mooses. So you can flip it into any area of your life. I also have somebody who teaches something called short yoga and it's the yoga for kids. And they do that every Saturday in a park. So it's really something that you can just slip in seamlessly to sort of every other area of your life. And then the other opportunities content creator. I also like I said, I do a lot of speaking opportunities on wellness through the lens of yoga. So speaking at I spoke at a heart conference on like cardiac health and how yoga can help that. There are a lot of different things that you can do. You can become your own bosses far as like being an online yoga person. There are people like on YouTube, yoga with Adrian is very, very popular. And it frees you up to do kind of whatever you want with your life. So I think whatever picture that you have in your mind of this, whatever picture that you sort of dream of or like, Oh, I wish I could like like like just know that it's possible because everything is possible. I've traveled with professional like athlete teams. And I have taught postpartum. I've taught prenatal. So everything that you want is available to you. There are a lot of yoga career opportunities like more than you think. I also have a friend who is a yoga teacher in what she does that she somehow made this a business is she makes playlists. Makes playlists and sells the playlists to yoga studios and like that is something that I never would have thought of as like a real job, but she loves yoga. She found her niche. She found what she loves and what she can't not share and this is what she's doing. So. Yeah, endless possibility. I love that and speaking out. I have a friend who just got the older certified as well. She went through a $200 program. But she differs in person. So it took her six months. Okay, and do it first of all to point that out. But my friend, Kristi, she actually does yoga through a for like a company that does bachelor rep party yoga. You guys. It's a thing. She actually has a lot of this weekend, which is why we're not going to yoga together on Sunday. I'm going to say because yeah, they do bachelor at parties with yoga and they just said in the yoga teacher to where they're doing the hotels, your resort, some house wherever they are, you go to yoga with the bachelor party. That's so much fun. Yeah, there's a lot of people in it's just contract work. She gets paid over $100 an hour. She can't be by the way, just throw them out there. But there's a cool opportunity to get out of like the four walls of a studio or a space. You can do yoga anywhere. So that's awesome. Now, before we move on here, do you guys want the good news of the good news? All right, I'm going to give you a day. I just confirmed you guys those of you who have some of the certifications that were part of the bundles. Yes, you can swap them out for other courses. You'll just have to call in so they can build it for you over the phone. So yes, it's kind of like you're going to bunch you guys. You might already have some of these credentials. If you want to trade them out for something else, you absolutely can. So we're here right now. Okay, so this campus, one of the studios that I teach at I teach there with Alex. We have actually co taught together. We did like a 90 minute vinyin class, which was amazing. But I teach there Alex teaches there and then whoever wins the alo moves, there's a teacher on alo moves, his name is Calvin and he also teaches here. So it's a fun space to be in and if any of you are ever in LA, just hit me up and we'll get you into class. And you can try different modalities you can come take Alex you can come take me come take Calvin, but it's a really fun studio so come anytime drop in. Cool and I know they have one, don't they have one in the floor that gives it my hand. They have one at Tampa and they have close to coast and they have one here in LA. Yeah, super cool. I'm actually going to be in LA in July for idea, but I'm coming from you. Okay, guys lots of different opportunities. Okay, so we're almost in to give away part and glad that that excited you guys that you can trade out horses in the chat and love it. So I just want to break down one more time for you. What is included with this course you get the 200 hour teaching training manual. They assign a guidebook with 80 fundamental clusters of two different textbooks included with your course, which again you have permanent access to by the way and you can download them. We have the live weekly virtual study study studio sessions. Unlimited support with your success team. There's some work sheets and suggested practice sessions throughout the course as well. You don't need to turn those in by the way. Those are for you to help you figure out your styles helping you sequence your classes. Okay, lots and ever worksheets and forms that you can use as you learn and once you're out there working. Of course, you get the signature foundational yoga class with 37 poses where we teach it multiple ways. And then of course the online multiple choice final exam. Okay, so everything you need is right here at your fingertips you guys. Okay, we got you covered. Now, because we guys are here with us, we're not only doing our giveaway on the next slide here, but we have an exclusive offer for you guys. You guys can save $250 when you enroll in yoga 200. Yes, Niri and no essays. I know. That's true. We're good. You guys are nice little discount here. $250 off on the own program. Okay, I will find out if we can apply that for those of you who are interested in the master as well, but I'm not sure. So I want to say yes or no. But when you enroll in the elite program, remember you get the 200 course, the nutritionist course and the online coach course, but again, we found out you can swap those out if you already have those ones as well. And also going to throw in a free course for you guys the life coaching course that we released a few months ago. This is for you. Again, it's online. So you can take it at your leisure focus on your yoga first and then dig on into life coaching yoga and life coaching go hand in hand yoga psychology yoga in general fitness yoga nutrition yoga goes with everything. It's like that perfect little black dress or little suit for those guys, right. So there is a website that you guys can visit if you're looking for that discount. It's right here on this page. It'll also be on the next page because guess what guys it's give away time it give away time or did it. We have some winners are first by four going to get the warrior maths. Okay, we have your name and based on whatever email address you use when you registered for the session. That's what we're going to contact you out. All right. So the five. Hello map winners are I have Jesse Meyer yes. Oh Stephanie Hoffmeyer all the Myers what's going on here. Jesse Meyer Stephanie Hoffmeyer. Hey, God. This is Francis Kelly me we three more. Jesse when I winner those maps are awesome by the way. Is it to Rica will will it from. This is it right to Rica. I believe so perfect. To more Amy Sariment Sargento. Amy is a winner and our last one for the yoga mat is going to be Linda Brown. Congratulations. Yeah, it is a great map absolutely. All right. Next five wait. Any questions that we want to answer in general quick or do we want to go into the next five. Let me just say real quick. I'm going to ask you a question about how much space between yoga practices do you need to answer the class you can do yoga every day. But I do recommend six days out of seven. So take a day off always a day of rest is wonderful. Awesome. There's another question to let's get to this year. We'll quick and then we'll get to the rest of the giveaway. When yoga be useful for a body builder when competing or in the off season. I can tell you all my guess 100% yes. Yeah, flexibility and mobility think of the aesthetic part of it you guys when your muscles are not it up they look short. Right. If you're stretching your flexible, not leaking you lift better, right? You can move better when you're training, but your muscles look like just they flow more. Absolutely. Great question. And then how did I start my yoga career. I started it in Austin at core power. They were just opening. And so I work at core power at this other who teach yoga studio called Suka, which is still going which is a beautiful space. And then at some gym, down there and in the park and for friends and really wherever I could and I started out very timid. Very shy, but I was very passionate about giving the person on the mat as much information as I had that would benefit them. And so that is how I started my career. Love it. And you guys have some great questions. We're going to come back to those. Let's get to our next five giveaways. So for the yoga blocks the all the lifting yoga blocks. So let me grab up my next five here we go Amanda Santana. Amanda Santana, you get a yoga block. I feel like Oprah here can not yoga blocks. Do you see Snyder? See Snyder wins a yoga block. I have Lindsey little great name. Yes, Lindsey little. I also have summer you. Summer one on a yoga block and Carolyn built in. Carolyn, guilt in. There are next five. All right. So keep your eye on your emails. You guys will be getting a message on how to redeem those and get your free items. Stephanie had a good question. I'm going to have to check on this stuff. Do you know the days and times of the weekly studies sessions. Let me check. Stand by. We'll come back to that question. There wasn't another question here in which one you going for. I was going to go with does being a yoga teacher require mastery of all poses. There are some poses I can't do. It does not require mastery requires understanding. Yeah, so if you can understand how to cue someone into it, even if you can't do it. If you understand how to get them as close as they can go and what how it feels to have a limitation. Then you don't need to be able to do the pose, but you do need to understand it inside and out. And then let me see middle-aged people to your classes and promote inclusivity. That's the you thing. So promoting inclusivity stems from who you are and people feel like you are inclusive. Then you will have a very diverse group to teach to. Yeah, and I think that kind of goes along. There's a question here. Are there marketing strategy specifically for African Americans or Black people not specifically by race essentially. But you just said it's something that you can absolutely. You have to do that. I will also speak to that if you're looking for. There's this group here in LA called Walk Good LA and they. They specialize in African American bringing wellness African American communities. They do a beautiful job. The reason they do a beautiful job is because it's led by African Americans. So they know how to create a safe space. But walk good LA. They have a really beautiful thing where they do walks they do yoga. They do a lot of yoga and mental health and breath work, especially for men, which I think is a really beautiful thing. I love it. I'm so really love that great question. I did find out the weekly live sessions are on Thursdays at noon Pacific time. Thursdays at noon Pacific time, but again, all of them are recorded. So if you happen to miss it or can't stay for the whole time. We will absolutely make sure that you have access to the videos where you can log back in and watch those. Go Thursdays noon Pacific time. All right. Let me go through my last set of winners. This is the big one. The all moves membership for 12 months. I've got five people randomly selected from our participants. First one, drum roll rose Mary how Rose Mary with the all the move memberships. We have Maya would all love it. Maya would all Tyler most. I probably messed up. Tyler most. We have to sneak up Parker is a winner for that membership and last but definitely not least booker Walton. Okay. So those are our five for the all moves memberships awesome. Okay. So remember to claim your prizes. Check the email that you registered for this webinar with and reach out if you haven't heard from us by probably tomorrow. Check the email that whatever email you registered for this session with that is where we will send you the information on how to get your prize nice work you guys. Well, that's a little bit more questions here and also I'm going to head back to these questions here. Yes. So there was a question I said can you speak to longevity practicing yoga long term 50 plus. I think that it's incredibly important to add yoga when you are 50 plus because the body starts to lose range of motion and yoga encourages the continued use of range of motion, which will allow you to continue. And you add we give like it'll give you access to your body for a longer period of time. So I would say if you want to begin a yoga practice at 50 or 50 plus look at Hatha for a year. So not necessarily been Yasa, but we do also teach Hatha in this 200 hour. So absolutely. And then how much body how much rest is the body need. Again, I answered that that's a using but definitely take a day off. But depending on the practice you do you can do it every day, but rest is important. There's one about doing MMA twice a week. Somebody who does yoga on their own. They want to grow their more interior yoga practice will this training help with this. Yes, 100% it will help with it and I think more than anything it's just that spark of inspiration and that spark of inspiration if you follow it. It'll keep you on your practice. So this will hopefully spark that that for you and you'll be able to follow it through. And then for mothers or soon to be mothers if it's paired with postnatal and prenatal. Yes, there are a lot and you'll see it on Allen moves. They have prenatal and postnatal apple does as well. So it is like all these big yoga brands. They do have this because yoga again is useful for all bodies, all minds wherever you are in your life. Yeah, there's one about seniors with osteoporosis absolutely guys movement in general. Like she's in the longevity. It's important for everyone. But yoga doesn't have to be like super intense with your handstands and legstands like all these things. You can do it. However, this person needs not saying all seniors need Cheerio or bed yoga. You can do that too. Right, but you can modify for their needs right angel. Yes, absolutely. It's whatever the person who is showing up as your student. It's whatever they need and you as a teacher want to have a large enough block of knowledge that when they come to you and they say, I'm immobile here here and here. I'm hypermobile here here and here. You can still like filter in your brain and come out with a yoga practice that is catered to them that they are capable of doing. I love it. And one more around this out here, you know, can you talk a little bit about the pros and cons of in person versus online. Online, you can reach somebody in Switzerland or Ireland and in person you get to be in the room with them. So there are pros and cons to both it just depends on what you're comfortable with. Absolutely. Yeah, and for me, it's how can you put it into your schedule. If it's something you're doing on the side. Maybe you don't have time. If you live in LA, that's a big place. Maybe you don't have time to make it 30 minutes away or an hour away to get to the studio and it's easier for you to do it in an online route where you can do it from home. So lots of different opportunities that just depends on where you're trying to accomplish and who are you trying to reach. There's a quick question. Esther asked how many sessions of effort alive sessions. Those go every week. There's not a certain number of sessions like with our group camps. Those go every week and you walk them along into those every week. They are ongoing. So great question. Congratulations to all of our winners. Thank you guys. Yeah, thanks for being here. And I love it. You guys are all awesome. Again, a lot of the names I recognize. I've seen you guys before. Congratulations. But guys, hopefully you answered a lot of your questions about you. If we didn't make sure you guys reach out. Okay, you can enter the website that you see there on the screen or give us a call. Our chat is open on our main website as well. I asked to say online dot com. Guys, we're here to help you. This is about you. That's why we're here. That's why we put this on for you. Angel, thank you so much for joining us. Yeah, this is good. Yeah, thank you so much. Hopefully we'll have you back. You guys are off the nominal. Thank you so much again for joining us. We'll be getting number according out to you guys soon. So check your email. You'll get it. You know what the links you can rewatch this if you need to. Okay, is it been a blast. We'll see you next time guys.

=== FILE: Health Coach vs Personal Trainer – Which is Right for You？ [JobmUG1tolM].txt ===

sizes below.

=== FILE: How Do I Build the Perfect Glutes？ [RDysyfT0Co8].txt ===

nuevo shaders i

=== FILE: How Nutrition Certification Can Change Your Life! [F5i_R09B-_o].txt ===

FREEL BY THE STUIN THE STUIN DIFFEL unite PRO responsible KIRSTUIN

=== FILE: How To Choose The Right Fitness Certification! [GxiuaWH8LEQ].txt ===

ぁ

=== FILE: How to Become a Certified Personal Trainer & How Long Does It Take [qELyIqnC50U].txt ===

["Wave a Hour<|cy|>잠"]

=== FILE: How to Build a Successful Fitness Career ｜ Q&A with Josh Bryant, ISSA Bodybuilding & Tactical Coach [b0MYGvGuAGg].txt ===

I, S, S, A, this is Kurt Make on the second I, S, A's Vice President of Partnerships. I'm really excited to be going live today and connecting you all with Josh Bryant, the world renowned strengthening and coaching coach, author of the I, S, S, A body building, tactical conditioning certification. Joe, he's going to be joining us here shortly. I'm really excited. Let me get, let me get Josh in here. Everyone joining in. Welcome. We're going to have Josh and Bryant joining us here in just one second. Josh. Hey, Kurt, what's going on, Alia? I'm great to see you, my friend. How you doing? I'm blessed. Happy New Year. Happy New Year. Yeah. Well, we're fired up. I want to start off by doing an introduction. And I want to introduce Josh Bryant. He is the author of the I, S, A body building, tactical conditioning certification. He's a world renowned, student coach. He trained some of the strongest people in the world from training athletes to bodybuilders to tactical conditioning, military, you name it. Josh is incredible. So today we're bringing an I, S, A, inspires feature. You're going to learn more about Josh, more about his background and story. The goal is that he can inspire more of you to continue down the journey of uplifting the others, staying in the fitness industry and really being successful. I saw someone said I want to binge a thousand pounds by the end of the week. I don't know if we can do that, but I do know you're talking to the right guy. Yeah. That's what you're looking to do. So I'm seeing people in the comments feel free to drop your questions. We're going to be going live for about 20 minutes here, sharing more about Josh. Josh, starting out, I just want to just welcome you and let you know how much we appreciate you joining us today. Honor to be here. Got started by, as I say. That was 20 years ago and here we are. Tell me more about that. 20 years ago getting started with I. Right. So honestly, the way it started is I was in junior high and I do know and I and Sal was at the YMCA and the salary on front half old owned it at the time. And they're like, I don't think you should go that heavy on close grip bench. I was in eighth grade and I'm like, no, I can do it. And they watched me do. And then I I made friends with, um, kind of made friends with them there and they kind of took me into their wing from there and got to meet Fred Hatfield and do a bunch of seminars with him. So that was in 94 probably. You're talking taking it back to 94. So let let let's people know how long you've been doing this. And the cool thing was I worked at it. So I worked at a gym in high school's hardcore gym and that's the first I have to say seminar. I went to was with Tom Plats, the famous pro bodybuilder. But Fred Hatfield and those guys came in and worked out there. So I got to see all this growing up and you know, people I've been reading the whole time on my own. Didn't even know about I just say just had read their books. They came to the gym. So kind of it's like almost like fade or something. And then learn, you know, it was awesome. I love that you said that it's like fate. So anyone that's listening right now, it's meant to be that you're here. And we appreciate you joining us because it's just mentioned. Sometimes it's meant to be that you're in the right place at the right time to connect with the right people to get the knowledge to get the access and the opportunity to tell me. So you're talking about meeting the founders of ISSA and Dr. Squad right and all of those things. Tell me more about your journey of going from new and just learning in the fitness industry to being a world renowned coach and expert. What was that journey like from back then? Okay. So I went initially. I was getting just one of these strength conditioning. So I got certified the ISSA when I was like 19. And I went down to UCLA to do an internship with Doc Cresu, done their start finishing coach back then. And from there, I learned a lot from him about the actual strength conditioning and like team settings because it's different. I've been working with athletes already since I was about 16. But doing in the large team setting, you know, the hundred people is different than one on one kind of thing. So I learned a lot there. I moved out to Nashville and I learned a lot from guy named Jeff Burkle. So it was like a more of like a kind of boozy personal training studio. You know, versus like UCLA was like more hardcore athletes and and so it was a good way to see a little bit of everything. I learned a lot from everybody along the way from there came down to Texas. And I started training people at the world famous Metro Flex channel. And I remember the owner set, you know, branch Warren obviously King Ronnie Coleman, all those guys who actually ended up training branch and Johnny later on. But it was cool as Brian the owner there told me he's like, you know, no one's ever made it as a personal trainer here. Like, just you can't the money's not here. But it was it's one of those things of like if if no one's wearing shoes and a village and here shoes salesmen, I mean, you hear a look at it as no one's wearing shoes or no one's wearing shoes, let's make some sales and before I knew it, it was rolling in more people that I knew what to do with by just kind of capitalizing the opportunity and bracing the niche of like this is a more hardcore serious gym. So instead of explaining to people, hey, I'm sorry. It's kind of dirty. You know, people are yelling. It's like make that like almost the mantra, the rally cry and embrace it. And then that product, different element, different crowd there and then it took off from there. That's incredible that you call that out because Josh, just the point that you were mentioning about the opportunity. I know there's a lot of people that are on live that are going to watch this live session and they're wondering, like, is there an opportunity in fitness? Is there a room to be made as a personal trainer? Can I have a living where I can feed my family and grow like a lot of people are starting out right now or maybe getting certified there in that first. There were you were back in the 90s, right? What advice do you have for someone nowadays in 2025 to be able to be successful and to make a living like kind of like you mentioned, right, with that opportunity and a gym or wherever they may be located. But one, I would learn business stuff too and really learn to read the room. So there's opportunities everywhere. So you can be a Beverly Hills. The good part there is personal training is accepted. Probably everybody has one. They're willing to pay a lot. You got a lot of competition though. Okay, or you can be an area where it's not as like a more blue color type area and it's not really accepted yet, but you could be the one to break in there. So every where's going to have a positive and a drawback. So you have to look at and then kind of read the room and figure out what we're going to do. You may not, you have to see, I would have recommend be yourself and do what you do, but be adaptable at the same time. For example, I started off, first of all, the athletes, then the more like kind of rich regular Beverly Hills type of Nashville, then go to Metro Flex, it's all athletes. Then I go to like world class bodybuilders like Branch Morning Johnny Jackson because what had happened was they saw me working with like high school football players getting them so much bigger and stronger. They figure if you can do that for them, what can you do for me? So you never know, you know, that's the thing you never know who's watching you. Always do your best. I mean, that's it. You know, even if you don't do personal training, you do whatever you're going to do. If you're working at Waterberger, the CEO of another company might come in there and see how hard you're working and get jobs or stories like that all over the internet. So you never know who's watching. So do your best. If you care about people, you're not in your phone, you pay attention to people. More than likely you're going to have success and just find your niche. It's like embraces strengths when you're marketing yourself. If you drop that high school, but you're champion bodybuilder, this is Tom Platt, so I'm going to read you said that to somebody. He's like, you dropped out of high school, but you're a great bodybuilder. You need to run with that. You put a poster up or a post online, talk about your bodybuilder. Okay, you're not in the best shape. You give a PhD, okay, run with a PhD. You need to like run with your strengths and try to be somebody else. That's like a huge thing. That we all have strengths. We do and into your point, being authentic and leaning into the strengths. That's almost like a hack, right? It is like, yeah, I can just, I can just be me, show up as myself, do my very best. And that can be exactly what I need to be able to connect with the right type of clients. And I want someone to ask the comment here and we are building questions. So please put your questions in the chat as well. We're going to be answering those. One of the questions that came in the chat, you're someone that certified and bodybuilding personal training. Right. I think Strythian conditioning said, they're having a hard time. They're trying to find an opportunity and a gym, looking for employment. What are your recommendations for somebody that maybe just got certified right? And they're now looking to start taking on clients or finding clients. Right. So I would get, so the first thing, I don't know your situation. So I hate to like tell you you do this and like it's, you're supporting three kids at the same time. So assuming it's not like you have to have a ton of money right this second, what I would recommend is getting hours and four. So LA fitness is going to give you 10 bucks an hour, right? But there are even 50 hours a week and you're not doing anything else. I would run with that versus the same amount of money doing like 20 hours because you need the hours. You're getting better, getting on the floor. It's just repetition repetition repetition. So initially, I would say get the hours and if it's not enough money, do you get a side household going or vice versa? If you have a job right now, I always tell people, you know, there's the old philosophy of like your stuck in the island, burn the life boats. You got to figure it out. That's not always realistic. I would say keep your regular job and build, if you're doing it on your like not working for a gym and build up this is your side hustle. Once your side hustle out does your regular job in switch. So what I did also in there is I actually started training the athletic director at one of the top high schools and Texas around here back in Metroflux, right? So he's like, hey, you know, you've done a great job. Why don't we make you the strength and mission coach for the high school? And you know, no schools back then for high school here had strength and mission coaches. So he found, you know, I actually got to be the strength and mission coach. It wasn't like, you know, a dude that comes in there was like legitimate like certified teacher of all that stuff and found a way I could do it over the summer and it was a great gig that way by doing a good job right there. So that was kind of how I wouldn't have there is then. So then I'm like, okay, this is cool. But they gave me really easy classes to teach by really didn't like being in the classroom. The honestly, I'm not meant to be in the classroom. Not a good fit. So I'm like, okay, no more of this. But I was a Metroflux too and you know, I didn't need the job. My business building, but I kept training clients so I'm like, okay. I'm going to make the full switch when my income at Metroflux surpasses what I'm making at the school. Gotcha. Once I decided that, it's, you know, you know, not to get religious, but it has to get God thing or something because boom, it just happened. And it was a whole story. This wasn't a fluke happened again. So I told the off-editor and said, you know, I just went over his house one day I said, I really appreciate this. Been a great three years, you know, his kid was graduating. Said it's, it's kind of a time for me to move on. I just told him, I told him the exact what happened like this. I said, I, you know, it's just not meant to be. And I didn't want to be, you know, kind of constrained by like a school necessarily. Like, because now what's cool about if you get this long enough, you do it long enough, you're going to choose who you work with. Yeah. Like you're going to say, if somebody's not the right fit, that's the other reason why if you can keep your regular job, you know what you're doing. This is very advantageous because what happens is, you know, then you don't have to, if a client's not the right fit, it doesn't have to be a personal thing to hate. You know what, you're not the right fit. You know, I train people that are really serious, you know, you, you know, come in hungover every time. There's somebody else for you. I'm not that person. No hard feelings. Here's your money back. Like, let's move on. Kind of thing. But if you're desperate for money, you can't be a selective. And then that kind of takes it to where, you know, it's, you know, you got to go. You got momentum going. When you're training the right people, they're loving it. You're loving it. It's almost, it's like synergy. It's an unstoppable, like life force that can't, it's cool. You know, you just build build build build. But it would be the wrong people in there. So that's why I always recommend keeping the regular job if you have one, build this up on the side. Once you earn more money doing that, switch it and you're going to have such good momentum going. Josh, that's such a great feedback because to the point that you're making being willing to start off wherever you can to get the opportunity to get the experience to get the knowledge. But then also finding, almost like finding your right clientele or who I want to be able to serve, Alex Treadwell in the chat asked to do, he was talking about resurification and Alex was saying, trying to look for a niche for Alex's talents. And it reminds me of what you just said. I think you just answered that question of, you were, you were training and looking for people that were more hardcore. I don't know much more serious about their training that were athletes are ready to perform at a high level. Being in the classroom, you were like, that wasn't for me. Which I love that you shared that because so many people feel like, oh my gosh, I've got to be, you know, I've got to have a master's degree in Kenyzeology or I've got to be a really a bookworm to be able to get certified or to be successful. And to your point, there's someone that maybe didn't finish high school, but they're about it building pro where they're super passionate or motivated. That can help them be very successful. Or more successful than the person that maybe has all of the diplomas on the wall or you know, waiting out of master. So I think that's a huge call out that that I really appreciate you mentioning that Josh. Let me see what else we have. I see. I also say, you know, you just, if you care about people in their success, that's going to be your main thing. Like I honestly notice like what I'm going to stop competing myself and get in this full time is I was having like, you know, like, I remember talking about wife, like certain clients and stuff hitting PRs and she's kind of like nice, but she's like, you lift more to wait waiting in that. Why do you care? I'm just like more excited about their PRs than mine. You know, so I'm like talking more to other people about other people's PRs than what I'm doing. So I'm okay. This is meant to be, you know, when you start viewing that, you know, you start their success becomes your success and it's just fun. I love that Josh and speaking of PRs, you know, just to just to give you an opportunity to brag a little bit. There's no shit. Can you share a little bit more about, I know, you know, correct me if I'm wrong here, but I believe you were the youngest person to a 600 pound wall flat. Yes, sir. Is that right? Tell me a little bit more about that. How old were you? How many wheel? How many 45. That's six. A little over six plates on each side and on each side. Go on each side through a huge press is like incredible. No, it's funny because I was always good at the bench press. I had to work a lot harder. Like my more proud lifts bragging would be like deadlift. That'd be like a longer conversation because that was such an obstacle to overcome. Where I mean, I was always good at bench press in action. I've been doing this since I was like five years old. I sneak into the YMCA in elementary school and when no one's looking just bench press. I mean, I always did. Like five years old, I'd be kicking kicked out of the weight room. So I was always good at it then. I just, I had the opportunity to train or some people that were really good. Move the round, visited. That's why I spent my spare money on would be like back then. Would be going around the country and training with various people and learning what I could learn. I love that you shared that Josh because you're essentially talking about your hunger and motivation and passion for fitness has also been a key part of your success as a personal trainer, as a coach, as an author now, is that you know, you saw, hey, you got these incredible PR, 600 pound bench. You saw your success individually, but you saw joy in helping others and seeing them reach their goals. And I think that's such a great message for so many people that are watching live right now and are wondering, how do I become successful or how do I find out if getting certified or being the fitness industry is the right fit for me? And I think the kind of the two things one is, are you passionate about fitness and do you enjoy helping other people? That's because if you say yes, you say yes to those two. It's like it's a no brainer to at least increase your knowledge and then at the 100 process of helping help others. Yeah, I like seeing it. Yeah, I like watching everybody hit PR's one of my self. That was kind of like a light one off. I'd also say this side piece of advice here. It would be if you guys are posting your workouts online, that's great. You see people like people see you training. So you're actually walking the walk very helpful. I would make sure what your, you know, don't post stupid stuff, you know, like you don't want to make, unless it's like comedy, you know, there's a difference between being seen as a authority figure and like a comedic kind of stand-up person, you know, different social media sort of presence. For example, the whole tactical thing happened. I was done parrotting. So I was training more for like general fitness, but I was, you know, more serious general fit. Basically, the thing I would say would be like a high level general is like good conditioning, good speed, good strength, well-rounded. So I was posting videos online just to show people I'm still working out, you know, not parrotting, here's what I'm doing. I literally kept getting emails from people in the military and police force and firefighters about training this way. It wasn't like I, you know, sought to market. You know, I just did what I'm doing. And I feel like when you're posting good purposeful content, you're helpful to people, it's going to kind of take off. You know what I mean? So like, that was a huge turning point. So like when you see people post stuff, it's like, if you're running a business, I'd be careful about what you post that's going to like someone like that guy doesn't really know what he's talking about. She doesn't know what she's talking about kind of thing. So just, that's a great call out because in the fitness industry, essentially each person is you are your own brand in a lot of ways. If you're working outside of the club that you work for, you know, you represent yourself. So there is an opportunity. And I think that's a great tip for one of the people in the chat that asked, okay, if I maybe don't have a lot of gyms around me or if I didn't get that opportunity in the gym, start sharing on your social media, your experience, the tips that you learn in your certification, maybe what you're doing through your own workout journey, because that can get other people like, oh, they know what they're talking about. Let me go ahead and reach out or that can become your clientele and help you grow. I've got one question here from Ella, Elliott asked, can you ask Josh about Tom have a land, which I know big time back around on how you and Tom started working together for those that don't know who Tom have been, is can you share a little, I know you've grown your following over, you know, 100 plus thousand followers. I know Tom's got hundreds of thousands of followers around and he doesn't post his face at all in the workouts. Like, you don't even know what he looks like. It's kind of a little bit of a mystery. Can you share a little bit about that, a you train time and that experience, a top started working with him. What was a basketball player in Australia? And he, I don't recall how we, we were looking at the other day when I was talking about 15 years ago, he reached out and I think it might have been through the website of the lead FTS, maybe. He might have seen me doing a Q&A sort of like this on here, but it written at the time and reached out that way. So started working with him and, you know, first he kind of stated some pretty ambitious goals. I've learned at this point like, it's crazy. Something may sound. You don't want to like doubt somebody, you know, you never know who you're talking to or whatever. So, okay. Let's see what he has. Did really well. And initially was training for just kind of power off the embarking them up. And then from there, he kind of wanted to transition into, you know, more all around. So he's become kind of like, I would say the most like kind of dominant physical specimen for lack of a better term on the planet of like when you look at all around strength, speed and conditioning because like if he says so and so stronger say maybe, which would be tough to make that case, let's just say you were right, are they in that good condition? Are they in a, you know, can they rock 20 miles? Can they, can they do tempo run sprints? Things like that, can they jump? You know, so basically Tom has become kind of the standard bearer of like being able, having the strength of somebody a lot bigger and the movement capacity and endurance of somebody a lot lighter. That's essentially to me what tactical training is. You say what's tactical training, we can go through all these different fancy definitions basically the power and strength of being bigger, the movement capacity and speed and endurance of someone smaller. That's it because obviously eventually size, even if it's all muscle like I've done hikes in the Colorado mountains, you just don't see body builders for the most part like hiking and that muscle is so lot to carry up those mountains. You know, you don't see people generally that, you know, are a hundred pounds of inch, five hundred pounds and so on. You don't see three hundred pound guys running five minute miles. We can go through all this stuff. But when you can kind of get, it's like basically being a high level generalist, if you can be like 90% good and all these different biomotor abilities or qualities, you're deadly. The difference with Tom is that's the goal 90% or so on. All these things, your point 0, 1% special forces kind of person if that's you. Tom's like a hundred percent all these things. That's what makes it such an anomaly because I'm saying you go 90% we're knocking this list down to about 10 people because I work with all these guys and there's always some sort of way we have to bring something up okay. But you're, you know, this that and if we have to get your endurance up because there's a assessment coming, you're a run five miles okay, you're this that in the other way, but you know, you're having trouble on this portion or whatever where Tom doesn't. That's a great point. That's a great point. I think that's that's tactical training is how do you, so that's the end objective then, you know, I know we're talking more about bodybuilder, but I think that's what kind of separate the ISSA tactical course was like a more coherent way to do this because you try to do it all at once. It's like almost like, you know, throwing a bunch of the wall and hoping you get a painting out of it. It's the odds of the master piece coming through are very low. You know, it has to be systematic. You have to paint each part of that painting. And I think that's what we did a good job is showing that that you how to actually do this. Okay, you're deficient in strength. Let's build your strength up at the same time. We can't make your speed endurance a sacrificial lamb of the kind of process. That's a great call now. That's a great call out in Josh as you're giving these tips. I see someone dropped it in the chat. Josh Bryan, my teacher is the best in the world powerlifting coach. So, you know, you got a lot of advocates that are in here and just so appreciative. I know we're going to wrap up in just a couple of minutes here. Right. For those that could not make it, we're going to make sure that we save this so you can check this live inspiring story with Josh Bryan out on our Instagram feed as well. It'll be uploaded after this. There was a couple other questions. One, one someone asked, man, they just finished their lead trainer certification. They said, man, can I intern with Josh Bryan? Before I have you answer that question, the first thing I was going to say is, I SSA partners with we have tens of thousands of gym partner locations all across the country. And Josh, you made a great call out earlier when you said, be willing to start off whether that's at the front desk. If that's, you know, just talking to the trainers, getting to know them, to get your opportunity, to get on to the floor, learn and that's where you start growing. Say something to that. So I started off at the front desk of a gym when I was 16. Football coach that I had went to this gym after practice and he told them about me and they gave me a job there. It was all the hardcore bodybuilders and parolisters like, you know, salary, all those kind of guys would go. And anyways, that was one of the most knowledge I've ever gained was one of the front desk. Not as like a trainer per se, but the bodybuilders and stuff there would come in and they kind of like, you know, back then it wasn't like they, they didn't have pre-work. I like I've now they'd buy these like sort of like energy drinks at the front and they'd sit there and like talk to me before they start training. So I could pick their brains and learn so much from them by just working the front desk. I mean, every single person that would come up there, even between sets, they come up and talk to me. And I'm here like asking those questions like, oh, okay, and then like most of them, once they realize you're like, you know, they like you and stuff would tell you anything so you could learn so much. I mean, that's where somebody inspiration from the book Jill House from came from was a couple of main guys were had been to jail and they would want me to spot them and stuff. So like they would do an example. So the bodybuilding course too, mechanical advantage drops. That's for example, you start a high-end client, go to failure, drop it to a medium-end client down to a low-enclined. Ask them why you do that. Oh, and prison there wasn't, we couldn't, there wasn't a bunch of benches so you didn't have a choice. You know, in the Sessie's mother-in-mentioned, you can't give a piece of equipment. Okay, cool. What's that, too? You know, that hits all the five percent chance ball of all. Okay, great note taken. You know, so instead of like zoning out in your phone, I guess that's definitely enough. You know, zoning out in your phone or whatever, or you could be, you know, if it's a gym observe people, because you never know where you're, I think it was, Martin Luther King said, there's every man's superior in one way. You're going to learn something from everybody, probably. Keep paying attention. Josh, I love that. I think that's such a great way to continue to develop is being willing to learn, being willing to take that front desk or opportunity. And I know as far as opportunities and fitness, there are, I want to say 80 to 90 percent of gyms are hiring, whether that's personal trainers, front desk. They're looking for people that are willing to get started. So that opportunity absolutely exists. And we are doing, we're going to be doing more things to connect people to those open doors and pathways as well. Josh, you are such an inspiration. I just saw that in the chat. Tammy said, Josh, you're an inspiration. I have a second that this was incredible. We appreciate you so much taking the time that they Josh to chat with us to inspire and motivate so many folks that are taking your certifications and bodybuilding or or tactical conditioning and following the path that you've laid going from starting off entry level, just learning someone that loves fitness to then helping people set records for the strongest bench ever for you having a 600 pound. It's incredible. So thank you so much. Any clothes that's going to leave the floor for you clothes for anything that you want to add or any take away for the audience. Now, I personally, I personally, I'm taking the courses and thanks for all the support for you guys over the years and and glad to still be here with I. S.A. Um, over say 2001, I said 20 years, that's 24 years. Yeah, right. First, I'm patient with 24 years. You know, so yeah, that's awesome. So I appreciate everybody and you don't have to do this again sometime. There we go. We will. We appreciate you, Josh. Having an incredible Friday. Happy New Year, everybody. And let's keep inspiring, staying motivated and sharing wellness. Thank you. Thank you, Kurt. Bye.

=== FILE: How to Find a Personal Training Mentor (And Why to Get One) [ADpK1UdAUq0].txt ===

OULD YOU KNOW THEY ARE SOON? Sänn was supposed to be the only maison part, when you were open to the party car. Stir by tossing in all ways. Thanks for watching! I NUMBLE!!! Haha, Sänn harder to run all this shit out of dynamize. By now my kind Ergebs! Darn hi shit Bitch!

=== FILE: How to Grow a Thriving Online Fitness Business ｜ ISSA x Leon Spencer III [FAKdIBL7_wY].txt ===

I, as I say, Kurt Magen II here, I say, is BP of partnerships. I'm super excited to be joining live today and bringing you Leah Spencer to third. Who is one of I, as I say, certified elite trainers doing incredible work. He's also an online coach. I'm going to have him joining in here shortly. Very excited. You all are in for an absolute treat. We're going to be taking questions. So please drop your questions in the chat if you're looking here from a coach that's absolutely crushing it. Not only doing online training, but is essentially used his I.C. certification to level up, help people all over the country. It's really exciting. So as soon as we get him in here, we're going to go ahead and be able to have Leah Spencer to third. Join us. Give us one second. Please start dropping the questions. We're excited to have you. Let also let us know where you're joining in from today as well. We want to be able to hear from you. I'm in Arizona. We're absolutely excited to have you. Give me one second. Get Leah in here. Perfect. I see something about certifications. Yes, definitely check your student portal as it relates to getting your certification. I see someone almost certified. Congratulations. Talk more about online training. Yes. Oh, Leah is great to have you. Happy Friday. What's going on? I have to Friday. Can you hear me? Yes. I can hear you. Great. So great to have you on. Thanks for having me, NASA. It's a blessing. Happy to be here. Absolutely. So I'm going to do a quick intro now that we have you on. Bringing you today. I. As I say in Spire's with Leah Spencer the third. He's an I.C. Say certified trainer. He's in a lead trainer. He's online coaching, doing incredible work. If you haven't seen his transformations after this check of the transformations for his clients. But also he's creating content and engaging and showing you different ways using his knowledge and information to inspire and also help people on social that may not even be as clients yet. Leah, we're so excited to have you. I want to pass the mic to you and please to tell us a little bit more about how you got into fitness and how you got certified. Yeah, man. I guess just to kick off right until it. So I got into fitness because I always wanted to be in shape. But I was the one that was always like, I don't need to try. Now I'm going to figure it out. You know, watching YouTube videos. I'm looking up bro science on the internet. Poly for years, man. Eight, probably seven to eight years. I was stagnant. I lost weight. I got asked. But I was like extremely skinny. So it seemed like I lost a lot of strength and I lost a lot of muscle. And then when I gained weight, bulking, I put on weight more fat than I did muscle. And then I was just like, man, this this just isn't working. So then I look for, you know, a way to actually gain the right knowledge with all being swindled on social media. And so also, I always wanted to be able to tell other people. I always wanted to be a personal trainer, but never necessarily want to be a trainer that's in the gym necessarily trading time for money. So once I kind of heard about online training, I said, okay, this may be the way. And then once I got certified through ISA as a certified person in training and a certified nutritionist, then everything just clicked. I'm in a best shape in my life. I'm helping others getting in a best shape that I like. And this a blessed man. So blessing to be here and also to connect with you to be able to share the journey. Come on. That's such an inspiration. I appreciate you sharing this. And I know it's going to be able to inspire so many people. We're already getting questions in a chat. So we're going to also open up with some questions too. So one of the people in the chat asks, how can I start? How did you get started? How do you know finding ISA? How did you find this? Yeah. So when I was looking through, you know, where I could have go to get certified. Of course, one of the things is cost, right? With a certification, you know, with the ISA is not the cheapest at all. But there's some parts today. ISA is recognized internationally for gym. So if you're looking at China become a trainer in the gym, ISA is one of the certifications where you can work out a 24-hour fitness occurrence fitness. These mainstream commercial gyms, ISA is approved. The second biggest thing on how I found ISA after kind of looking through a bunch of the other competitors. ISA offers flexible options. They offer the fast track. When in regards to payment options, you know, you want to pay over the course of a year, you can do that. They had a fast track program where as I say, you want to be certified in a month or less then here's the book, here's the area of opportunity where you can do so. So I personally myself did the fast track and I got certified in under a month. So I actually got certified, no, no, I got my nutrition certification on Christmas. But I saw today, I got certified in a month. So ISA is the best strength and then everything you can do on your own at your own time, there's videos, there's textbooks, there's multiple forms of resources where you can really gather the information. And last but not least, probably my most important thing about why I chose ISA is saying, I have test anxiety coming being in college, you know, taking tests is not something anybody likes to do. Not a good thing about ISA is because their approaches so thorough when it comes to the certification and taking a test is an open book test. So it's really not the way you can feel it unless you just don't know anything you didn't read the material. You still need to read everything to be able to understand and pass the test. So that's how I found that I said, that's the reason why I chose ISA. So you got tests anxiety, you don't like taking tests, you don't want to fail. I say it's really the way. It's not a shortcut at all. It's not a cheat code like hey, it's easy to pass. No, you still need to do the diligence. But it removes that piece of pain. Also, pain for taking the test. I did not want to pay the test. It's all built in with ISA, it's a mandate. They never won. That's why I'm here. That's why I cared it's here. That's why we talking to y'all, man. Don't waste eating what's on. That's about on. I appreciate you giving that feedback and touching on the test anxiety too, because to your point, like I think back to, man, I would know the information and thinking about the school, I'm noting information. I'm ready to roll. They set the test now. All of a sudden, it's like, man, is the war on the walls getting a little bit of room-grim smaller? Like, am I sweating? I feel like the imminent, my palms are sweating. So it is weak. Arms are heavy. My feet are heavy. You do it. As soon as it says comes out, it's like, wait, I got the no cards in my pocket. Yeah, everything. But to be able to take that anxiety and that pressure out, that is a great callout. And I'm so glad you mentioned that, because I'm not just going to help some people right now that are thinking about it or worried or maybe even are like, on the fence about getting started because they're like, ah, is it going to be too hard? Is the test going to be something that I don't feel comfortable and confident in? So great. We got another question here from everything, Tashi, who there are certified personal trainer nutritionists and health coach, which hats off for them, you know, getting their certifications, they ask how and what systems do you recommend using to create programs? Yeah, that's a excellent question because if you're not necessarily creating programs that work the right way, then you're missing out on getting your clients, gains, you missing out on tracking that progression, you're missing out on being able to give them feedback. You really missing out on the fundamentals of training. So in regards to that question, I personally utilize trainer rods. There are other systems out there, like, you know, my coach, I forget all the other ones because I mean, in my opinion, they're not really, they don't really matter. Trainer rods, and from what I've used it for is extremely robust. You build your programs within trainer rods, you can build in specific risk periods in the training set. So you can build in cardio, hit cardio, add training. You can literally put together a very robust training plan for your clients based on your knowledge, right? You don't need to go with anything outside of the box and based on what you know, like for example, you want to put together, you have a client that's like, I want to grow some muscle. Okay, great. From learning through I said, I need to put together a hypertrophy plan. You know, I need to make sure the rep range is between six to two or really eight to two of you know, I need to make sure that that risk period is 90 seconds to two minutes. And if I'm building this within the plan, then with when someone is following it, is really minor error for deviation and they have to get the gains. They praise you. You get paid and response, but overall, they've become a product that are product and then they spread the word because you show them a different unique style. You're not sending emails saying, here's your work out for today. You're not texting people. Here's the work out for today. You're not emailing meal plans. They have meal plans built within their, well, you can also provide feedback. It's just a great overall tool, but to structure the program, I would definitely say, trying to rise. I must admit there is a slight learning curve, but once you get past that learning curve, it's up because the average person does it want to go past that learning curve. It's too hard. Well, guess what, everything that's hard is worth it on the other side. So, challenge yourself a little bit. Well, I love that you mentioned that challenge and also the fact that you're talking about the importance of being certified is what also comes to my mind because you talk about how purger you talk about the rep range is the rest time. For those social media trainers that are not certified, you likely do not have that information in that education to confidently tell your clients because when you have the certification, you have to give you another level of confidence. Just like Leon, you're talking about, you can start helping people and know like, make my program, my knowledge is actually paying off. And we have another, so I'll see a comment here and was asking, are you touched on this? The second thing I'm really interested, Fidelas Khan, I'm really interested and asked about financial, you know, supporter options to be able to get into the program. I heard you already touched on the fact that we do have payment plan options, which is huge. So, being able to now have to put everything up front and be able to have options, break it up over a full year and you can actually get your certification and stay on that payment plan. You don't have to pay it all off and then you get your certificate. You can be empowered to start working in that jam and working online and really growing which is huge. I see I'm certified back in 2020. There we go. Ready, rail 2030. I love that. That's awesome. I'm just going through the comments here. Catch you now. We got some great engagement in the chat. Let me jump in on that comment, man. Let me say this. In regards to the I say, start getting and get the next question ready, right? I won't be long. But in regards to the I say, start a vacation, man. Look at this. Let's just say, how about that at least speaking, you want to get personal training, started five nutrition, started five and another certification, right? But then this people, let's say that's $1200. Let's say it's $2,00. Right? The ass person's like, oh, that's too much. I don't know if I'm a, you know, that's a lot of money out of pocket. Okay, if you break that up in the year, that's a $100 a month. So you mean to tell me, think about, think about your breaking in the analysis. You need to make more than $100 a month by hotiver means in order to be profitable. That's one client at minimal. If you get one client, you, you, you, you, you got, you got make money based on whatever you charge and write easily over $100. But get two clients, you and the money. Those two clients within the first two months, three months, they give results. They tell their friends, they, with other than telling their friends, they're friends, you know, girl, what you've been doing in bone, here you are being referred. Not that money is multiplying, because you took the chance on yourself and utilized the payment plan. Even if you got the money upfront, why pay the money upfront is just just pay it in, in 12 installments is easy man investing yourself. Get that money back, tell it yourself. 100%. No, I love that. And I actually go someone in the chat, Kate, I was fitness. You ever think you're investing in yourself and the money's worth every penny. You're absolutely right. Kate, I was fitness. And that actually goes to my next question. And you touched on it just now, Lina, where you said, getting one client pays for your certification, getting two clients. You're already, you know, profitable. How do you go about, especially in an online setting, a lot of people, the question that we probably get pretty frequently is how do I get clients? I'm certified. I just got into it. I may be on new. What are the steps that I need to do? We know what it's you do to help grow. How many clients do you have if you're okay with sharing that? Which is love to hear all of the ends of the mouth. I know it's going to inspire a lot of people. Yeah, yeah. So I'll start off with, you know, how do you go about getting clients? I'm a girl about my approach, because my approach may not be the best approach, but it's what I did and what I feel was necessary. When I first started out training, I trained three people for free. I said, hey, you guys, hey, I just got my certification. I want to use y'all as like testimony, proof of concept, just to show that, hey, I know exactly what I need to be doing. I know exactly how to train someone. And all three of those people within three months lost between 20 and 30 pounds. And from there, I recycled their results, the pictures, the testimonials, their data on weight, some of one person, reduced their blood pressure and cholesterol numbers, another person got off of hypertension medication. And so I just repackaged all of those great results. And so anytime that I was talking to someone, I already had talking points. And it came to putting it on on social media. I didn't really have much because nobody really knew how to train them. So it was more than the impression interaction like at the gym you go to. Or strategically get a membership to the gym that you don't go to and then make it make it a go to every time you go. Meet somebody brand new, connect, get the note of the plan field and the gym. Because everyone in the gym is looking to improve. So it's really do I trust you to take me to the next level. You look like you are at the next level. You can't just be a trainer, not necessarily look like one. You can, but it's a whole different story. So really just repackaging, taking a chance, getting some testimonials, getting some before and after pictures, getting all of this. So then package to the world like, hey, I'm now taking new clients. And so the second piece of that is marketing. I'm going to give y'all a three, a two year, four lesson learned. And I hate on doing it because I've had so much money just to kind of learn this and figure this out. But a lot of times it's not about the before and after pictures. It's really about can you actually showcase that you're knowledgeable and you know about nutrition. You know about fitness. You can give someone some good information. When you build that trust over time, you know, social media wise, people begin to look at you as the expert. And when people begin to look at you as the expert, there's background with pearls. There's a lot of people that's on the edge of ready to train with you and to they see something what you like, hey, I'm looking at training X amount of people. And this is really how you get your clients. But a lot of times it's the, it's the, it's the referrals. You train someone that loses a bunch of weight. It's the referral that comes. Oh, I saw my friend. I want, I want to do what you did to them. And then boom, here goes your business expanding. So summarize, do what you got to do. Get those before and after it's trained some people. Package the results. Be ready to utilize that for additional marketing, you know, put some free game out there but come that trusted person on social media or amongst your friends, your peers, your poll workers and then the classes just start the role and make sure you look like a trainer. There we go. No, that's that's so powerful that you mentioned that to your network and your referrals because if people know you, if they like you, if they trust you, they're likely you're going to be top of mine. They're going to think of you. I know I've sent you, I've either referred all my clients or, you know, people that reach out and say, hey, I'm looking for online coach. I'm like, man, I know, I'm really on a crushing it. I see the results. So I see that you enjoy what you're doing. You're passionate about accountability, helping your clients. I even saw a couple of your clients dropping the chat here and just said, the best coach I appreciate coach Leon. So I see that. Oh, you're, we, we have some people dropping the chat. Just, you know, the shot we out and so it's so powerful to see the impact. And I see Moh Kwasim asked, how long does it take? It's finished. It's sort of the course and get certified. I know you mentioned you did the fast track and finish under a month on Christmas. It is a self-paced program. So we'll get to take you six months to get to take you under a month. It literally is at your pace and it's a self-study program. So you're able to study from home, phone, tablet, computer. You're able to dive in. And so there's no barriers or boundaries. And to your point, Leon, I see a question here. Nilo mentioned, can we work in Canada as a personal trainer? The answer is yes. We have trainers all over the, the literally, the globe internationally. Canada is a market as well. And everywhere people are trying to get in a fitness, get healthier. We see with a lot of the different things that have happened just with whether it's flu, people getting sick. People want to be in a situation where they reduce their chances of getting sick or being under the weather, getting hospitalized and a cost to invest in a trainer and their wellness. It pays for itself many times over with how they feel. And Leon, you get in clients will so powerful. Any other takeaways that you have for someone that's either thinking about getting started or maybe just got certified and they're trying to be successful like you in the end. Yeah man, it is the best tip. This is not a sales pitch. I said, it's not paying me to say anything I'm about to say. So take it for what is worth. Get started five, man. If it's something even on a fence about, this is your call to action to make it happen. Because if you're waiting, you miss a knock on money on a table. You miss a knock on helping others. Helping a family member because not it's said that you certified and you know what you're doing. The next reason they get certified is you could be training people right. You could be a part athlete. You could be someone that's just passionate about getting people healthy or getting people into a nice physique. But nothing says, take me serious better than I got a certification. If it's you, not certified versus somebody that is certified, not sounds out of 10, they going to pay that extra money and go with somebody that certified. Because once you get certified, what you thought you knew before you was certified, you really won't understand that you were really at a bro science level. You could do all the research that you want, right? I said, I really bonnows all of this content for you, right? And once you finish the test, it's not like this all said and done. You still have access to the book. You could still go back and refer. You could still go back and look for answers. Where do you have some questions that clients have for you that you may not necessarily know? You can still go back to those resources and find an answer or analyze and piece of given and create an answer, right? The other thing I would say, and this is extreme gain, extreme gain. Get the nutrition certification. You can get a person, you can get a personal trainer, certified. I'll be honest. After I got, I think I lost your audio just for a second or a little. Yes. Yeah, my bad. So you're dropping your terminal to me. Yeah, somebody just got a lot of these blew it off. But yeah, when they caused the nutrition, get the nutrition certification. After I got my certified person, trying to certification and not observe others training, I quickly realized it's not the working out that's getting the results. It's literally the nutrition. And because I saw the gap, I went ahead and got the nutrition certification next. And the nutrition certification on top of the personal training, pushing on a very niche demographic. There's not a lot of personal trainers that are nutritionists. That's a huge gap. And that is a huge area where you can win in. So I'll tell you, 100% get nutrition certified. That's huge. I'm so glad that you mentioned the nutrition. And we always hear the saying, you can't outwork bad nutrition. It's hard if we, you know, eat not a fast food and go into the gym. At some point, we not consider results. Or the results can be so much better if we were really focused on the nutrition and being able to give that guidance. As we close out here, I just want to answer last couple of questions. I see shout out to the real brand market. It's always a great idea to invest in yourself. Hand-no-ass. I've already got a degree already. How do I apply for a job? It's actually a great question. This doesn't always come up. People don't always know. You don't have to have a college or four year degree or even a two year degree to be able to get into fitness as a personal trainer. But you do need your certification. And even if you do have a four year degree, you do still need your certification after that or in conjunction with that four year degree. Because that's what gyms are going to require. That's one of the things you're going to ask for when you go to get insurance, whether you're working on your own or start your own business. So those are key elements and benefits of having the certification is that it can be an alternative path. I know for me, I started working as a personal trainer. I was really my first real job that I was in college, coming home, working as summers at a snack fitness gym at Arizona. And those experiences I still remember because I got into the best shape of my life. I was also helping other people get in the shape as well. And that gives essentially keeps on giving. So Leah, it's been such an amazing time being able to chat with you today. People are talking about just how rich your content is, how much they appreciate your page, make sure you give Leon a follow up. You're not already following I.S.A. online, please do. And we truly appreciate the content and the wisdom a couple of takeaways. Make sure you're willing to invest in yourself. Get your certification. Also, don't be afraid to help a few people for free. It may be starting with a couple of clients or people in your network, helping them get results sharing that progress in that process, which can open you up to more referrals, more opportunities. And then obviously continue to invest not just in personal training, but also upskill into nutrition as well. Because Leon, as you mentioned, it opens up more doors and now it's an immediate upsell for those personal training clients as well. So, man, I appreciate you anything and closing that you want to say to the I.S.A. trainers and community, the floor's yours. I'm happy to be here. Then I'll then invest in this. I made this far. 100% worth it. I've recooled the investment. Times 10 already really more. Not gonna get a multiply number. But man, the nutrition, man, the nutrition. I cannot, I can't, I can't say it. It's any game that you're all that you're all in here right now. Get the nutrition. Sorry, if I can go back and do it again, I probably would get the nutrition certification because everybody can, everybody can be a trainer, right? Whether you certified or not. That's, that's a flooded market unless you drill down niche into exactly the demographic of who your trainer. Now, as somebody who's a nutritionist, as somebody who will talk to you about macros, as somebody who will talk to you about micronutrients, as your client about, be able to provide your client on what fiber intake is important. Tell them about what, what, what, it was exceeding their, the, the, the, the, the, uh, recommended allowance of cholesterol. Tell them how saturated fat impacts their diet. Tell them about how, how iron is the most common deficiency in women. It's this level of education that you won't get unless, unless, unless you are nutrition and certified, man. Don't miss out on that free game. I said it so many times. Please get that nutrition certification first. If you're looking at it, best case scenario of do both at the science arm, but just understand the workouts don't work unless the nutrition is in place. The nutrition is in place. The workouts could be 50% and still work. So the nutrition is heavy and that's free, guys. There we go. Thank you so much, Leon. We appreciate you. Thank you for inspiring so many folks today and having incredible weekend. We'll see the kills. Alright? I'll show the feelings.

=== FILE: How to Pick a Healthy Protein Bar That Still Tastes Good [11sKdnsSZoE].txt ===

�

=== FILE: ISSA Career Connect - The Exclusive Career Community for ISSA Fitness Pros [_HKtLV_r0EQ].txt ===

Pinot

=== FILE: ISSA Office Hours (After Hours) [3yU6-FzlG9o].txt ===

Hey everybody, welcome back for another office hours. We're going to call this office hours after hours. So, John, we do office hour sessions with our boot camps every single week for our personal training in our nutrition course, but guys, you send in so many amazing questions that John and I can't make it to all of them every time. So, John, tell these guys a real quick rundown on why we are doing office hours after hours. Yeah, so again, you know, when you guys ask us questions that it allows us to understand what you want to understand better or what you don't understand. So, that way we're kind of addressing specifically what you need or what you need to learn. You know, we know a lot about the course and what you guys need to do in order to pass the course and be a good trainer. But again, you guys might have some questions that are very relevant to not just you, but to everyone in the course. And you guys are doing such a good job getting all these questions to us. So, wasn't the case back in the day, but now we're getting so many questions that were racing through them during office hours and literally running out of time and we still have plenty of questions to address. We don't want to leave them underdress. So, here we are. Yeah, sorry. So, this will be our first inaugural episode. We have six questions that we did not get to last week, which is the week ending for an 419 April 19th, 2024. All right. So, each week, if we have additional questions that we don't get to, we will be posting an episode just like this one here on our YouTube channel, office hours. After hours, as quickly as we can on Monday or Tuesday of the following week. All right. So, our first question, John, someone asked, this is from Nutrition, by the way. All this questions we have are from the Nutrition office hours from last week. What is the best way to approach or handle a client who opens up about having a previous or current eating disorder? What would you say for this one? I would say address it directly. This is one of those things that's uncomfortable and it's easy to dance around it, right? And when there's an uncomfortable situation, it feels easy to avoid because it's uncomfortable, right? No one really likes uncomfortable situations, but as a professional, it is a big deal for us to know when we have to step in and be direct with, you know, addressing a situation, but then also in some cases giving a client some helpful advice that can push them toward getting some help. Because at the end of the day, that's really what's needed is potentially some help. And it's helped that's outside of the scope of what we do. We can recognize the issue, but it's not up to us to help fix it other than helping the point someone in direction where they can seek help. And sometimes for our clients, you know, that's the thing they need to hear. They may have friends or family members who are also avoiding uncomfortable conversations. And what a service we can provide to someone if we can be that voice of reason at the end of the day, when we get into this job, most of us say we want to help people. This is someone who, if they're opening up about having some issues with food, some potential eating disorder type things, that's someone who needs some help. So let's put ourselves in a position where we can't help. And I would say address it directly. Yeah, I would say directly, but also sensitive to you guys, because like John says, this is a difficult topic, but we are not diagnosing people. We are not hearing a tell people that they have eating disorders. So if you feel like it's outside of your scope or maybe this person has a preoccupation with food that's above and beyond your scope, you must wear for them out. And if you don't know who to send them to, start with their physician or a licensed dietitian, that's a great place to send them you guys. And then that medical professional can make a referral from there. Usually to a psychologist or somebody else who can help them with the mental aspects of their relationship with food. So don't be afraid to refer out, but don't try and handle stuff on your own, because we are not equipped to handle that. There was a second part of that question in this question. Let me post this to you, Jenny. What's the best way to handle advice or coach a client who keeps failing to follow their nutrition plan? Well, I love this question, John. We often get asked this question. So somebody who's struggling to stay on or follow their nutrition plan that you're talking with, like, something that you help them set up. They're just not sticking to it. So this happens all the time. The road to success is not always a straight line. It curves, it goes backwards, it looped, it does all kinds of stuff. It's not always a forward progress kind of thing. So one thing that I would say is first and foremost, ask questions. Ask questions, right? Somebody keeps getting hung up on something or they keep making the same quote, quote, mistake, they keep falling off the wagon and the same spot. What about that spot is causing them a hang up? Ask questions, find out what about that situation or that issue is difficult for them. But also, I would potentially look at what I have helped them set up. Maybe the plan that we have for this person is not appropriate or maybe it's too strict or too restrictive or doesn't fit their schedule or their budget or something. So we have to ask those questions. And then John, I would absolutely say maybe reevaluate the way that you're going about coaching this person, whether it's the coaching advice that you're giving them, the way that you're delivering it or the expectations that you have set for this person and make sure that they're appropriate for where this person is at now and what they can effectively do on a regular basis because the goal is compliance, of course, we want them to feel successful, meaning every day they can go to bed, saying, I did all the things that I wanted to do today and I did them to the best of my ability. But if we don't do that, think of the last time you felt that way, John, you wanted to do something. I wanted to go to the gym and run through miles today, but either I didn't go or I went and I only got one mile in and I feel like I failed. Nobody wants to feel that sense of failure. So let's maybe set something up that you can succeed in and then will progressively make it more challenging or bigger as we go. What would you say for that part? Yeah, I don't have much to add other than just kind of reframing what you said. The question is, what's the best way to handle advice or coach a client who keeps failing to follow their nutrition plan? Well, there's two main things we can look at. It's either the client or it's the plan, kind of like what you said. So we have to try to figure that out first. And if it's the client, then like you said, we started asking questions, what's holding you back? What are the barriers that are holding you back from following this plan? That might actually lead you to figure out that it is the plan because here's the thing, when people work with us or work with professionals, if we help design something for them and we say something like, hey, so this is doable. You think you can do this to help you move towards your goals. A lot of them are just going to say, yes, they're going to say, yeah, it looks great. Because they haven't tried it yet. Yeah. And then when they try it, they realize it's not as doable as they thought. This is where asking questions like, how is the meal planning going? How is that going? And if they say, yeah, I'm having trouble with this, this, this, then as coach, it's time to jump in and help because there might be something about the plan that although on paper looks like a good plan and application, it's not working. So again, if it's not working, it's either the person or the plan maybe a combination of both, but it just is, you know, the later so that you can adjust it based on now that they've tried it and they realized the original plan wasn't working the way that they wanted it to. Now you can make adjustments based on now they've tried it. Let's, let's now make the changes knowing what we know now based on what we originally said up. I love it. So hopefully that's helpful for you guys. Could you will? I promise you will write into clients who don't follow the plan. It is what it is. It's going to happen. So figuring out your best way or your most effective way of approaching it and John makes a great point focus on those two things either the client, right? There's something in them, maybe they're not in the right stage of change or something or it's the plan. The plan is not appropriate for them. We have to figure out which one's which or maybe it's books. Okay. All right. Next question here, John. There's a question that said, how can I get youth more interested in nutrition and where can they utilize the information and giving them? What would you say for this working with youth? So some of this is the same as getting youth interested in fitness, right? And finding some way to make it meaningful to them is the obstacle. It sounds like an easy enough answer but in practice I'm sure it's challenging but trying to find ways to make nutrition meaningful can be great. Now this kind of depends on the age because attaching meaning to something also means that you have to have some sort of logical reasoning. And if you're five, if there's a cake in front of me, there's no logic. If I've had cake before and I'm a kid and I see cake, there's no logic that's getting in my way. I want that cake, right? So we can't have expectation of like logical reasoning of kids at age. This is kind of a side note and maybe something for you all to research on your own. But as I understand it, a lot of kids' tastes or people's tastes are formulated within those first five years of life. This is something I've read over and over again. You can certainly research it for yourself. And again, if you've been exposed to hyper palatable foods that have that very scientific and credible mix of salt, sugar, fat, all that good stuff, then their brain doesn't know any different. They just know when I eat that thing, it is great and I want more of it. So there is, I think, something to be said for maybe holding out on that stuff until the kid gets a little bit older. I've had friends who have done this with their kids and it's shocking to me when I see a seven year old request more vegetables at the dinner table. But I've seen it because some of my friends did it because they kind of held out on kind of the sweets and cakes and things like that until they started having some social gatherings, but they partied and things like that where they were exposed to it. Yeah, I would agree with that one, John. And somebody, as somebody who works with kids a lot to, I would also caution you if you work with children, why are you trying to coach children on their nutrition? Because the general guidance with kids and food is most kids, right? Food availability is big, but most kids will stop eating when they're hungry. They'll seek out food when they're hungry. Or when they're full, they'll seek out food when they're hungry. Most kids make generally good choices, but the choices that kids make in their nutrition John are controlled by who generally speaking. The parents. The parents are their guardians, right? It may not be their parents, but whoever's taking care of them and giving them food. So keep in mind, that could be a guardian or a parent. It could be a school or a daycare or a caretaker or nanny, right? That's the person that I would go after as far as helping this kid make better choices. They're the people who do the shopping or give the kid food. So those are the people that I would probably go after first. Because the general recommendation with kids is kind of let kids be kids and let them kind of feel their way through it because what we don't want to do is make them like hyper aware of their nutritional choices too early to where like John says, there's no rational thought behind it and then they just become obsessed with good things, bad things the way we assign that to things or I can't have carbs because my mom said I shouldn't have carbs. Well, just because your mom doesn't eat carbs doesn't mean that's appropriate for the kid. Does that make sense, you guys? So I would be very, very cautious about coaching kids more than, hey, we're going to go play a soccer game. Let's make sure that we have orange slices. Do we understand why we eat orange slices? They're yummy and they give us energy, right? Keep it fun, keep it like keep it general. It doesn't need to be super, super specific when it comes to kids. But I would absolutely engage with the people who provide them their food whether it's coaches, schools, daycare, as nannies, guardians, etc. That's who I would go after. Anything you want to add on that one, John? No, I think you kind of nailed it. And you know, everything we said, none of it, I'll preface all of it with saying that none of it is expected to be easy. Because I've coached kids before. I've done like fitness classes with kids before. And sometimes just getting their attention is a whole ton of work. So adding into that, getting them to make different choices with the way that they eat. That can be a lot. I would say that a lot of that will fall on the education of the parents, a lot of parents. I mean, if they don't know much about nutrition, then that's kind of the information that's going to be handed down. Absolutely. All right. Next question, Jenny. Our materials provided once we obtain our certification to help us market ourselves. And are there any infographics or nutrition based digital assets available? I love this question. So take this with a grain of salt. I'm not saying you got to do it yourself, but you kind of need to do it yourself. You guys as far as to help you market yourself. There's a million ways that you can go around nutrition coaching. And there's a ton of different clientele that you could potentially go and coach. So no, the short answer is no, I as to say it is not provide you guys with stuff to help market yourselves. We give you advice on how to market yourself. Where to market yourself, the way the ways that you can market yourself. But what you create, make that your own, put your own little stamp, your own little personality on it. And it should be based on who it is that you're coaching and how. Right? Your specific business should be involved with that. So it's not something that we can really provide you because we don't want to put you guys in a box. We want you to go out there and explore and figure out how you want to do this. And as far as in photographics and nutrition, things like that to share with clients, 1000% that kind of stuff is available. And I'm going to say this. And if you've ever been to a bouquet and put me in John, you're going to be like, Oh, I totally knew this. Look at the nutrition guidelines in the US. It's my plate, right? Eat right or eat well in the UK, right? Search nutrition guidelines in insert country online. It'll come up with whatever resource for the governmental organization that creates and manages the dietary or nutrition guidelines for that area. And we've told you before you guys, there are so many resources, posters, flyers, handouts, color graphics, all kinds of things that you guys can use for free that are part of those guidelines and those governmental organizations release that for you guys. So again, go to a search engine online, search nutritional guidelines in insert country. And it will come up at promise you will come up follow the rabbit hole and you will find a ton of infographics and resources that you can use. No need to recreate the wheel there. There's literally a government funded organization that does it for you. Okay. And then of course, you can modify or adjust whatever you need to. Would you say anything else or add anything there, John? Just just in general, just learn a thing or two about marketing and some of the different types of marketing that are out there. Because some of them may speak to you a little bit more, may feel more user friendly or easier to do. Then others, but just have some general knowledge on how to market yourself and some of the easiest ways. I think social media is a very easy way to market yourself, especially if you have friends or followers on there. Those are people that you can start marketing to right away, not just for their business, but for them to kind of share that you have a business going on. So again, that's a easy, not very costly way to market yourself. So just kind of familiarize yourself with the different ways to get your message out there. Love it. All right, John, there's another question. What is the best type of proteins up there for people who stomachs our sensitive to protein powers? Well, first we have to figure out what exactly your sensitive to. Because there are different types of protein patterns. If you take away based protein, that's a dairy product. There you may have a lactose issue when it comes to that sort of protein pattern. There are plant-based protein powers and maybe there are some plants that you are allergic to and others that you are not. So for the question, what's the best type of protein powder for sensitive stomachs, it's the type that you're not sensitive to, which is a very blanket answer. But again, there's many different types of protein supplements. So we would have to figure out why you sensitive. What are you sensitive to? And then in other other protein sources that you are not sensitive to. Yeah, I agree, John, and I know you always like to say it this way too. When somebody asks what the best type of something is, remember guys, the word best is relative, best meaning what? And the first question John asks, can help you start to figure out what that means? Is there something that you're trying to get out of this product or something you're trying to avoid? Give me details. What are you looking for out of this product? And then we can find one or multiple brands or o-tipes that give you what you're looking for trying to avoid. Does that make sense? We have to know what it is that you're looking for or trying to avoid before we can tell you what the best one is. And you also might try that and it doesn't work for you. So does that make it the best? Maybe maybe not. So it depends. Is the biggest answer there? It depends. But don't be afraid to try stuff. I always say I always recommend when it comes to shopping. Not only for you guys, but when you recommend or when you're talking, we don't recommend supplements, right? When we're talking to clients about supplements, John asks me about a protein I'm going to tell John, if you're interested in trying some things, let's figure out what it is that you're looking for out of this. And here are some places you can go to purchase it because I am big on a, they have good pricing. Based on what I know, find some places that whether it's Amazon, the local sprouts, your wholesome, whatever. Where can you, where do you know that you've seen these things before, where the prices relatively good, which might require some legwork on our end to understand what these things go for? But also, I would tell John to go somewhere that has a pretty darn good return policy. So that if you don't like it, you can take it back and not have any issues returning it. And I would make that very clear. Hey, John, the sprouts down the street from us here has a quite a variety of proteins that you fit what you're looking for. I definitely recommend going check in there and they have a great return policy too. So even if you open the package, if you decide you don't like it, you can bring it back and get your money back. Right? That's practical. Or they're completely practical. Some solid advice, by the way. I think I've just been the person that would just throw away something if it wasn't working out for me, but that's some solid advice. And a lot of these places, John will take stuff back. You'd be surprised. But most people don't ask or that's how those, you know, money back guarantees always work because most people don't take things back because think about it. It's kind of a human thing. We don't want to admit that we were wrong or that something didn't work for us. So most people, when you give them the option to return something, they won't because they feel like they failed. That's not it at all. It didn't work for you. So we'll get your money back and try something else. All right. Next question. Another kind of parenting question. How can you help a parent who is having trouble keeping their child from overeating while at school? Oh, good one. I love that we're getting all these parenting ones, John, because neither of us our parents. However, both we both work with and have worked with kids before. So okay, a parent who's having to trouble with their child overeating at school. So I have questions. Right. I have additional questions. So like, are you sending your kid to school with food? And where are they getting this other food? If they're eating more than what you're giving them or which they should be consuming, where are they getting it from? It would be my question. Right. Are they, you know, eating somebody else's lunch or are they getting it from a teachers room? Like, I've had teachers before John, like, especially in elementary school, they had like candy in their drawers. And I'm not going to lie. I got caught stealing candy a couple of times. Because I knew where it was. And I'd go in at recess and dig through their drawers and then they'd come in and be like, what are you doing in here? Gilties charged. But yeah, my question will be where are you getting it from? And then I would address those. I have the parent anyway, because it's their responsibility. I have the, like, let the parent know, like you should probably address those things. In that school. Does that make sense, right? Because if I don't know where your food, this food is coming from, I can't really tell you how to make your kids stop eating it. But also, what is your kid have to eat in the first place? And, you know, is there a reason that they're seeking out additional food? Are they hungry? Still, or is it not like what you're sending? I, like, I have a lot of questions. What about you, John? Same. I, you know, I have questions. I mean, some would have to do with the availability, which was kind of what you're alluding to. Is there just a bunch of food available? And again, when you're a kid, if it's available, there's, there's the, there's a difference between hunger and appetite. Like hunger is your physiological need for some nutrients. Appetite is things are delicious, and I want that. That's, that's a more psychological thing, right? And again, when you're a kid, even, I mean, I remember, even through my teens, I wasn't really being logical about when about food. I just said, but it was available, I'd eat it. So, in much the same way, if it's available, I think a lot of these kids are going to make the choice to eat it unless, and that's, and it's structured otherwise, or we just take the way that availability. So, again, this might be a little outside of what me and Jenny normally do, but I will say that with adults, I've had to do kind of the same thing, right? Let's just make some of these snacks that you're snacking on while you're home, not available at home anymore. Sometimes availability is the thing that, you know, makes or breaks people's adherence to their own nutrition plan. Yeah, that's a fair statement. All right, Jenny, got one more question from last week. It says, what is the best way to address the information that your client is looking for that is out of scope of your expertise? So, this kind of goes along with what you're just saying. Like when you need to refer them to a dietitian or sports medicine doctor because their symptoms are complaints could be potentially a medical issue. Let's say you. This is where the medical clearance from a doctor comes in in the first place. You know, you can just, again, be direct with them and just let them know, hey, I feel a little unsure about some of the symptoms or some of the things that you told me you've got going on. Let's just get that doctor's clearance to make sure that we're good to go. And then if their doctor does not clear them, it's the doctor that's going to say, hey, I need you to go to a physical therapist or it's the doctor that's going to say, hey, I need you to go see this clinical dietitian or whatever the case may be. And now, it'll be coming from the doctor and it'll be just simply up to you to make sure that you're kind of reinforcing it. So we don't have to be the person that tells them exactly where to go to address their needs, but you can tell them that, especially if you don't have medical clearance for them from their doctor, you can at least ask for that. And if the doctor says they're good to go, then you're probably good to go. But if the doctor finds something else, then they will make the recommendation for their client to go see a specialist. Yeah, I agree. We have to get more comfortable. Normalize telling people you don't know, okay, or this is more than what I'm prepared to help you with, right? And again, like I said earlier, you guys, a lot of people are like, well, where do I send this person for this specific issue? Start with their physician, just send them back to the regular doctor. And doctors make referrals all the time. So they're like, oh, I can't help you with this. Let's get you to insert specific specialist here. And they'll refer them to somebody else too. Okay. So start with the physician. That's a great place to start. And then they'll refer them to where they need to go. But it's okay to say, I can't help you with this. But I'd love for you to get help so we can help you forward. Right? John, any last words as we wrap up our very first office hours after hours? You know, I, I like adding more time where we get to address all of our students' questions. So I'm hoping that that we can kind of grow this. It's we've been on kind of a hot streak of getting all these questions. But hopefully we can get some more and keep this thing going because I think we just covered just in a, I don't know how long we've been going 20 minutes or so. We covered some pretty relevant things. And again, we, we're not going to know that you want to hear about this or talk about this unless you ask. Absolutely. The only bad question is the one that you don't ask you guys. So keep those questions rolling in. Thank you for joining us for our office hours after hours. And hey, we'll see you guys in boot camp. Have a good one, guys. Bye, everybody.

=== FILE: ISSA Office Hours： After Hours ｜ Episode 2 ｜ Week of 5⧸3⧸24 [BM7BeqZFpcU].txt ===

Welcome back, everybody. We're doing another office hours after hours because there were so many good questions last week, John. The week ending May 3rd, 2024. Are you ready for this, John? Yeah, I mean, what are you guys doing to us? It feels like a whole lot of the job we have now answering all these questions. But it is a lot of fun to talk about the stuff with you all. Yeah, I was in say, I don't hate it. So let's dive in. We want to make sure that all of your questions are answered. If you send it in, we'll do our best to answer it. So John, let's start off with some nutrition questions. So from the nutrition office hours last week, which is on May 2nd, Thursday, there was seven questions, seven or eight, that we didn't get to. So let's start there and then we'll dig into some of the CPT questions from May 3rd, which was Friday. So the first question, this person was talking about, there's a lot of myths out there about carbohydrates. And they said that one of them is that they provide us with the necessary energy that we need. That's not a myth. That's actually a fact, right? But it also says the greatest, they also said that the greatest source of energy is fats, especially saturated fats. What conclusion can we reach? So I think this person might not quite understand these substrates as far as they relate to energy production, because carbohydrates are a source of energy. All the macronutrients that we eat are protein cards and fat. Saturated fats, if we're talking about fats, saturated fats are the less healthy fats, right? Those are the ones that are solid at room temperature. Those are the ones that when consumed in excess can lead to health problems. So saturated fats should not be entering this check. Exit the check. But when we're talking about fats as a source of energy, we can get a lot of ATP. We can make a lot of energy from a little bit of fat, right? More than twice the amount of calories per gram from the other macronutrients. And they're just a very energy dense molecule. When you look at the structure of them, that kind of explains it. But the circumstances when our body uses fats, it has to be right. It's a process to break it down. Our body's not going to do it if it needs energy right now. It's going to rely on carbohydrates or sugar. Because that's an easier source to break down. And in fact, it's a preferred source. Spend not only our body, our muscles and our brain. So what's a you for this? Anything else you would add for this? Just to make sure it's perfectly clear about these macronutrients? Yeah, like fat is a source of energy. But it's not in the form that we actually use it. Like carbohydrate and it's glucose formed. That's how we use it. It's kind of like, you know, when you pull out fossil fuels out of the ground, you don't just put that in your car and you go, right? It's got to be, it's got to be processed in the gasoline, because you can, so that you can use it. Thank you. That just happened by the way that you catch me. And this must be my PEW. This is my, my Einstein window. But yeah, so so fat is a source of energy. It is they say a great storage form of energy. But it is not the form of energy that we actually use in order to power ourselves into power movement. Yes, I love that. Well explained. So hopefully that clears that up a little bit. So it's not that it was a myth. It's just we need to understand these substrates and how our body uses them. So hopefully that helps with this question. There was another one here, John. Oh, this is a common, this is a form of talk about myths. This is kind of a common one that's kind of misconstrued. So this person asked, why did the human body not absorb more than 45 grams of protein per meal? Let's say you have somebody walked up to you and asked you that, John. What would you say? Yeah, I get it because this is one of those ones that you hear a lot. Over time and then there's only so much protein that you can use in any given time. And that's probably true of anything, right? Like if you ate like a 10,000 calorie meal, you're definitely not using all of that for function, right? That's just a ton of food to take in all at once. And since I've heard this so many different ways and some pros and cons, eating tons of protein and one sitting versus not. And the type of protein versus a different type of protein, I would say it's reasonable to say that it depends, but I don't think you have to be afraid about having a meal that has 30 or 40 grams of protein in it. You can certainly have meals that have more protein in it than that. And still be able to use it. And the usability of that protein is going to be highly dependent upon how much you need it. Because if you're good and you're eating a bunch of protein, then you may not get extra you sat at it. But if you're training hard, you're breaking yourself down. There's a lot of need for more protein. Then that need is going to dictate how much you're actually going to be able to use. Yeah, absolutely. So I think it's, I think we overthink this part because, yes, too much of anything your body to your point is not going to absorb it all in one sitting, right? Because our body's ability to absorb protein you guys is unlimited, right? But in one short amount of time, that's slightly different, right? The amount absorbed out of one meal, it's going to be limited because remember food moves through your digestive system. Keyword moves. It's not like it just sits there until it's all absorbed and then like elevators onto the next spot. Like it's moving through your system. And amino acids, there's certain spots in your digestive tract where certain nutrients are absorbed like mostly, right? And amino acids are mostly absorbed in your small intestines. Specifically, what am I thinking? Do I numb and do you numb? Are those the two? Yeah, you're do I numb and you're do you know which are the beginning parts of your small intestine? The food doesn't stay there for very long. So if it doesn't stay there for long, your body grabs what it can and then it moves on. So that number varies. But if you get to John's point, if you get 200 grams of protein, A, you're going to have probably a stomach ache, and B, your body's not going to be able to catch it all because it's moving past those areas. And it only gets absorbed there. Does that make sense? So simplify the way everything can about it. But also, I don't think it's as impactful as people like to think it is. All right, John. So I'll ask you this question. How would someone explain the time frame that like properly nutrition, good exercise, like how long it's going to take somebody to transform is the question? This person said they have clients that have had tough times because they don't see results within two weeks. But we know that it takes longer than that from most people to see results, whatever those results are going to be. But how would you explain this to a colleague? Yeah, you know, unfortunately our industry has put in people's minds that these time intervals of four weeks, eight weeks, 12 weeks, 30 days, 60 days, 90 days are like the amount of time you're supposed to do something in order to change yourself. And that's not the case. When we look at the stages of change, we're saying that you're in the maintenance stage after you've been doing something for six months, minimally. And that's just a behavior change. That doesn't necessarily mean that any amazing results have happened yet, although a lot can happen in six months for sure. So helping you are client to get out of the mindset of the two weeks, four weeks, six week thing, maybe a good first step depending on their goal. If they have a goal that six weeks from now, then I guess it's unavoidable. But then tracking in many different ways, some of the objective ways that the measurements that you take with your clients is one thing. But then also just having them pay attention to how their favorite clothes fit those sorts of things are really tangible and something that they will notice if they're paying attention. That's really fun. Think through your clients to understand, especially if they're a weight loss client, where they start to feel like the clothes are fitting better or their clothes are fitting too loose. I've had clients that unfortunately they lost so much weight and they were like business suits that they had to get all new suits, which cost them a lot of money, but they were happy to do it. So I think some ways that they can kind of pay attention have the ways that you are going to pay attention through your measuring and then help them understand the mindset of looking for the quick fix versus making a big a long-term behavior change. Absolutely. And I think this is where John Arjob becomes really important when somebody comes to you with a goal based on what we know about them, their current habits, their current activity level, their current nutrition habits, what they're feasibly going to be able to do, we have to help them set realistic timeframes for how long something's going to take. That is part of our job. So if I don't tell you this is going to take five months or this could potentially take you up to a year, assuming that progress is not always linear and up, right? Then what am I doing? I'm not setting them up for success. So I think that's a big part of this too is helping people understand that while what you're trying to achieve, here's what it's going to take. Here's how long I estimate it's going to take us. Are you doubt? Like, are you okay with that timeline? You have to be okay with it, but do you understand that this is how long it's going to take and be realistic about it? So I love that question, but that's a big part of what we do creating realistic timeframes. John, there was another question. If there were to purchase a hard copy of the book and other handouts and materials to aid and building our private practice. So I'll go ahead and start with this one. Yeah, the books can be purchased. You guys at books.issaanline.com. There's a bookstore. You can purchase it or you can just view print or download the textbook directly from your course. All I ssaid course set the book right there in the course for you too. But as far as other handouts and materials, it really depends. That's our favorite answer. It depends on what are you trying to share. Who are you working with? What kind of materials are you looking for? You look for posters, literal hands out, fland out splires. Like, what are you looking for? But guys, we talk a lot about the nutrition guidelines in the nutrition course and you can literally go on that search engine, Google, whatever, and type nutrition guidelines in insert your country or your state. Country is probably the easiest way to go about it. Most countries have nutrition guidelines, right? So in the US, we have my plate in Canada. They have something different in they've eat well in the UK, right? All these different places have their nutrition guidelines. They have websites with resources, free resources, downloadable resources. Things you can share or send to clients. So check it out because there's already stuff that's already built for you. So why try and create your own stuff when it's already there for you? Or you can modify what's there. Okay, so that's a great place to start looking for if you're looking for handouts and things like that. John, the next question. When a question or it's going to explain asked you, what should I be eating after I work out to maximize my body using fat as a fuel source? Okay, so this is kind of a big side. Lisa, I spent all weekend John this weekend. I was traveling and one of my friends every time I see them, they ask me questions like this and I'm like, there's no one answer to this, you're overthinking it. But what would you say for that? Somebody says, I want to maximize my body using fat as a fuel source. What should I be eating? I mean, one of the answers could be nothing because when you're like starving, then your body's going to have to eventually start dipping into those fat sources. But that's not what I would recommend. Generally speaking, if clients ask me this, I would say there's not a magic thing. You're going to eat that's going to make the fat burn. That's, we have to look at the entire picture. There's not these little magical things that happen or these little timeframes that have been pushed on us and a lot of fitness magazines. It's just not really the case. Just stay consistent with eating your well-rounded. And if this is a weight loss program, calorie control may be macro-controlled diet and just be consistent with it. If you eat this magical food or magical whatever right after your meal, but the rest of your day doesn't look good in terms of eating, then it doesn't matter. So what matters most, it's going to be the whole big picture and not what you eat right after your workout. I agree. I agree. And I mean, if you think about it, if you understand the energy systems, right? It starts with understanding it. Our body pulls glucose, right? We talked about it earlier. It's a preferred source of energy. So if you're eating carbohydrates after workout, your body is going to be like, oh, this is easier and it's going to break down the sugar for energy. So it's not going to utilize fat. It's a source. So I think you are absolutely dead on, though. And you said, don't eat anything because if there's no glucose available, your body will go to other things. Again, assuming the conditions are right. But is there a magic food that you should be eating to utilize fat as a fuel source? No. It's not, I always tell people, yeah, look at your overall calorie intake. That's more impactful than this at this point for most people. Okay. Now there's a couple of John that are kind of out of scope. But I want to read them anyway, just to help everybody understand why they're out of scope. The first one was, somebody said that there's a big emphasis on gut health. You're not wrong. A lot of research to show the leap between pretty much everything our body does in our gut health. What are things nutrition coaches should be aware when working with clients to see if some of their issues come from Candida overgrowth and a microbile biome imbalance? This is out of scope. Okay. You guys, if you want to become an expert in the gut biome, guess what? I have a couple books that I've read on it. Awesome. So I can speak intelligently about it. But we are not gut specialists. We are not gastroenterologist. We are not physicians. Okay. To test out somebody's microbiome and they're gut, it requires like medical testing. So they need to go see a medical professional refer them to their physician first. And if there's a specialist, they recommend that physician can refer them. Does that make sense? You guys? But then whatever they learn from the doctor, they can bring it back to us and we can help. But it's out of scope for us to start talking about Candida and any other microbiome issues. That makes sense. Out of scope send them to a doctor and they can get help there. And then just report back, hey John, is there anything I can support you with that your gastroenterologist told you you should be concerned about? Same thing with this other one. How do you guys talk, how do you come in supplements like protein patterns, branch, shen immunostats and multi vitamins interact with each other and what are best practices for combining them? Again, out of scope, out of scope we talk about this a lot in nutrition right? John, our pharmacist can tell you how medications or drugs interact with each other. A physician might be able to give you that information. But it is complete because we don't know everybody's unique too. So in a lab they might interact this way. But in your body they might interact in a different way. And I don't know if you have intolerances or allergies or whatever. So that is 100% out of scope for us. If somebody has a question about this they need to go see a start with your physician. Maybe go see a pharmacist or a dietitian if you have severe questions about it. And then report back. Report back. Tell me what they said. Are you in agreement with both of those being out of scope, got microbiome and then combining supplements? Yeah, in terms of like recommendations and that sort of thing. But like you said you can speak on these things. Like if you plant once out of a conversation it's great if you can have a conversation with them or point them in the direction of other resources. But yeah, there's a point where we got to draw the line there in terms of us being at like we're like we're pharmacists or or or people in the more medical field. You know, so again we can we can be there we can be the guide but at some point we're not telling people exactly what to do. Yeah, thank you. All right, Johnny, I got one more from Nutrition when it comes to dealing with clients who are interested in following a bad diet that you don't necessarily agree with is the best approach to be up front and honest with them or try to further educate themselves and them on this specific topic and then move forward. What would you say for this one? Um, so so the question is the best approach to be upfront and honest with them or try to further educate yourself on the specific trend. So definitely further educate yourself on this specific trend because how do you know that you don't necessarily agree with it if you're not educated on it? That would be my question, right? So so don't go around disagreeing with something just because you don't know about it because maybe you need to know about it. Maybe it's something that that would actually be great for you and for your clients and that's what it thinks. So so definitely educate yourself because I will say this sometimes things get a name attached to it because it's a highly marketable name but it doesn't tell you everything that you would need to know about the diet. This was very much true about the paleo diet because it was very marketable or caught people's eyes but then something would be like what's on supposed to be like a caveman. I'm a caveman now. That's how people would take it. But when you really looked at it, it was like lean meats, nuts, seeds, vegetables. I mean that's not bad, right? Okay. Yeah. And so um so so again, educate yourself so that you can give a and educate it answer but then work with your client on it because if you're client this is this is the whole praise the effort and not the outcome. If your client is willing to try something then that's a good thing. Now just let's just take a close look at what they're willing to try because if the bad diet they want to try is like the cookie diet or something then then it's definitely a different conversation then then maybe a paleo diet. But yeah, more and more education the better and definitely educate yourself and don't go telling people not to do something that you don't even know what it is. Absolutely and I'd say don't go selling people not to do something just because you don't agree with it. Right? It might be the thing that makes their life easier or helps them achieve what they're trying to achieve. It's more about educating them. Right? So if somebody john to your point says, oh I want to do the cookie diet, my question would be like what does that mean to you? Like do you know what that is? Because it depends on who you ask, right? Because that's a very marketable diet I've tried it before unfortunately, right? But there's brands that have it. So you only eat this brand of cookie, whether trying to sell you a cookie. So of course you're only going to eat that brand, right? Or is it something else? The baby food diet, whatever it is, what do you know about that and why more importantly, why do you feel client that that would help you achieve your goals? Find out more, find out what they understand it to be. And if there's a reason for it or they feel like they want to do it, it is not up to us to talk them out of it. It's up to us to make sure they know what it is. Help them understand it. Let them make the choice and if they still say yes, I want to do it. All right, how can I support you in doing this? And then like you said earlier, John, just monitoring, checking in every now and again, well, let's make sure that this is actually working for you and it's good for you. So maybe every couple of weeks you check in, right? How's your hydration? How are you feeling? How is your weight changing? Whatever you're trying to change? We got to track it because if you're doing something for three, six, eight, 12 months, then we find out at the end of 12 months it didn't work. Like maybe that was a little too long to let that go. Right? But I've done that before with people where I gave them not an ultimate. But I gave them a, we made a handshake deal where I said, okay, we'll try it this way. This is what you want to do. We'll try it this way. How about we give it three months? If you don't get to this point, we set a reasonable goal. If we don't get to this point in three months, are you open to trying something different? Yeah, cool. Let's shake on it. And then let them try it. Right? And then go from there. So I love this question. Love it. Excellent questions. All right, John. So that's it for nutrition from last week. What do you got from the CPT? Yeah, that's why everybody was switching over to the leftover questions from CPT because there was, there was about a million of them last week. Okay. So first one, this is kind of continuing on with nutrition that there's crossover with these two courses. So the first question was how do you get your clients to stay focused on their eating habits on the weekends? Jenny, I know you've dealt with this. What are you saying? So I tell people about consistency. Right? It's about consistency day in and day out. What we do consistently gives us our outcomes. So for me, I talk to them about picking foods that you would eat every day of the week, right? Waking up at the same time, staying hydrated. The weekend is not, what did they say last week, John, they said, don't let the weekend be your week end. That's right. As a week, as in your your bad spot. It's about understanding their schedule, right? Everybody, if you work Monday through Friday, chances are you're Saturday and Sunday schedule where you're not working, look very different schedule wise. Right? So how does that impact? Maybe that's a conversation. How does that impact the way that you eat, the way that you cook, where you go to eat? Right? Let's understand that in the beginning so that we can help somebody make what I like to call better, bad choices. Right? That's I feel like it's just a matter of being prepared and understanding somebody's lifestyle and understanding the choices that they make. That's where I start with this. I don't really have a, it's just like it distinct answer for this John, because it's a conversation. Sure. It's also a mindset sort of thing. So earlier when I was saying the four week plan, the six week plan, the 30, 60, 90 day plan, this is kind of the same mindset of being on a program. Like, I'm on the program Monday, if you Friday, put it on the weekends, it's whatever. And that's not really how it should be. Like, you should try to be living a particular lifestyle that supports your goals most of the time. Like some people say 80% of the time you want to be on it 20% and not so much. Now that other 20%. That doesn't mean it's just donuts and fast food and binge drinking on the weekend. Because that derail, that derails everything. That just means maybe a little something here, a little something there. So don't let the weekends turn into just a, a, a, a two days of bingeing. It just means it might be a little bit different than when you are normally quote unquote on it or or on your plan or whatever you want to call it. So, so don't let the weekends be something completely different than the rest of your life. You know, hopefully most of your days in your life reflect how you want to be as opposed to just going off the rails on the weekends. Next question. I'm curious how you would best handle social media marketing for new trainers to promote themselves for more clients. So, Jenny, I'll start and then I'll want you to take on this. But more and more, because Jenny and I have had a chance to ask people about this a bunch of times and people who are really, really good at this. People who have tons of followers, where we have another one on the podcast this week is a matter of fact. And almost always, they, I mean, they can get into specifics, but almost always they're just be consistent, be consistent and put out valuable content. Now, we can get into the weeds of what valuable content is. But if you're a personal trainer, then technique on exercises, your favorite leg day, you know, just it can be a lot of really basic stuff. Because remember, you don't have to go out there trying to impress all the exercise scientists in the world. You're trying to get the attention of potential clients. So, basic information, maybe some of your personality in there, if you're, if you're really trying to be in social media, because there's a difference between you actually being in the videos and you just posting other stuff and neither one of them's wrong. I don't think, but people do like to get to know the potential people they're going to work with, but be consistent and then come up with a valuable content. So, what is valuable content? Again, ask yourself, like, what would catch your eye? Like, are you looking for a new way to be a better runner? Are you looking for a new way to build your biceps? Like, these are these are basic things that people might be looking for. They won't be looking for it for all the time. But again, if you're consistent and you have, you know, people who are potentially seeing your posts, it'll catch someone's eye. Someone that will be looking for that and, and then maybe you've got someone and then patients because there's a lot of things out there that lead you to believe that as soon as you start posting things, you're going to like triple your business in a week or two, and that's not typically how it happens. Doesn't happen to some people? Sure, but that's not typically how it happens. Yeah, I agree. Yeah, so you make some really great points or John, like, being consistent, but then putting out valuable information, like, provide them with something and you made a phenomenal point, John, you're not trying to impress the scientists of the world. You're trying to impress the average person who maybe has questions. So keep your information simple and understandable, digestible, if you will. But I also love the idea. You guys, somebody wants to hold me. That's so I want to share it with you guys. That, like, for example, on Instagram, how it has your name, and then below it, you can put like a description or information about yourself, right? And it gives you so many characters or so many lines, whatever, whatever you put in there, like mine says dog business competitor, personal trainer and nutrition coach and volleyball player and coach or something and golf want to be because I suck at golf, but I like it. Right? But then somebody was like, well, all the things that you list there about yourself, make sure that your content reflects that. So if you're a personal trainer who's trying to get clients and you want to be able to explain to somebody quickly who you work with or what you train, put it in your description, right? Weight loss, nutrition, like, put the thing that you're used, specialized in, and then all of your content that you post should align with what's in the description of you. That was the big, I was like, oh, mine, blow. And I didn't even thought about that. I need to post more about like golf. And my dog's like, right? It doesn't all have to be one thing, but if you post five things, or if you share five things about yourself, make sure that it aligns. So people know who it is that they're following and what they should expect. So I love that. We can go on about this forever. And again, our podcast is a great place to get some more tips because like John said, we've had some great people who are really, really good at this on our podcast and they shared some phenomenal tips. All right, next question. This is a common one. So I feel like memorizing all the anatomy terms. It's one of the more difficult things for me to get down. Are there any fun, nomadic devices people used to remember things like anatomical positions, of bones, and muscle. So if you come to boot camp at all, then you would know that there's these things we call geniisms. So so Jenny definitely has some. So Jenny I'll start with you and then I'll give my take. Oh, there's tons. Yeah, definitely if you're in the course, go back and watch the boot camp for a week one or session one, where we talk about some of the terms and stuff we go over some of the common pairings. But one, my favorite one to teach is prone and supine, right? Phrone is face down, face downline, supine is the opposite face up. If you take the you out of the word supine, it's spell spine. You're laying and you're spying. But also if you're in the prone position, it starts with a P. you can do a push up. If you're in the supine position, starts with an S, you can do a sit up. Right? Stuff like that that could be impactful abduction, ABD. If you got abducted by aliens, did they take you away from the earth or did you they put you back on it? If you got abducted, they took you away. So if you abduct something abduction, it's moving it away from your body. Right? Whatever it resonates for you, I have some goofy ones and they're kind of they're kind of funny. So hopefully they're memorable. But there's tons of ways to remember these things. Yes, I'll give you a different take and that's just just just putting them to use. When we're talking about anatomy, in particular, in bones and muscles, there's movement that you can do. And then it's just a practice. If I'm moving my arm and I'm definitely moving my shoulder joint, definitely if I'm flexing and extending the elbow, I'm definitely moving the elbow joint. And then what muscles move those joints, what movement is happening. So there's a lot of repetition in it. But the thing is you get to not just repeat these things in your mind, you actually get to perform movements associated with all this anatomy. And in that way, you add a layer to your learning. You're not just seeing it reading it or hearing it, you're actually doing it. And there is plenty of evidence to suggest that learning in all of these different ways. Because it's all different. It's all different neurons firing to learn the same thing. We'll help to promote the learning. This would be reflected. Like if you're super nerd, you can look into, I believe his name is Donald Hebben, Hebian Theory of Neuroscience. And he basically states that what fires together, wires together. So if you're moving all those parts and thinking about those parts and thinking about the muscles and thinking about the movements, while you're doing the movements, you're getting a lot of things that are firing together in the hopes that it'll wire together in other words, help you remember it better. Not bad. Next up. Just want to ask if you have a program designed sample for a client who has a knee problem or shoulder problem, just did have an idea for it and we'll also use for the client. So all preface our answers by saying depends on the problem. Right? They got a knee problem or shoulder problem where something's torn or something like that. Then they need to go to the doctor. We don't do that. We don't do that. And we don't have MRIs in our face that let us actually see if they have any tears of anything. So I want to preface that. A preface that our answer is by saying that, but we do have people who have knees and shoulders that, you know, kind of sometimes a, or don't move so well. Maybe they don't have great posture who knows. And there's certainly things that we can do for people where again, if the knee or shoulder problem is they just are our tight or weak in those areas, then that's right up our real house. Like, Jenny, like, when people have issues in their back, their hips, their knees, their shoulders, et cetera, sometimes it's just a function of them being kind of e-mobile and weak in those areas. Absolutely. Yeah, people who like have sedentary jobs or lifestyles, like sometimes that can contribute to it. So moving their body, getting stronger will help relieve some of their pain. We can, so John, absolutely right, we can't image people. So I can't tell you, oh, that's a bone spur. I can't tell you what's going on in your joint. If you are concerned that much about something, they absolutely need to go see a specialist and get it imaged. Have them look inside of your body and tell you what is going on. But there is something called corrective exercise that I love. I absolutely, John and I are both sort of right incorrective exercise. We use it all the time, but it helps you identify, movement, and posture imbalances that are muscle-related. Right? I always tell people, we deal with the muscles, not the structure or the bones. So if it's muscular, meaning something's too tight, right? Your tight, in your shoulder and then it causes you sleep funny and your shoulders always like this. Well, that causes back pain and neck pain and hip pain. That can all be related. So if we address the muscularature and it makes it go away, well, that just tells us that that was muscle-related. So there are some things that we can do if we identify that it's muscle, not structure. But if they're concerned about structure, they need to go see the appropriate specialist for it. That's right. And there was a similar question that just basically asked is exercise, safe for people with knee problems and what type of exercises should they do and how often. So some of that will depend on what the problem is. But again, assuming that they don't have this big structural issue where they gotta go see like an orthopedic surgeon, you know, what exercises should they do and how often it will in general for general knee function. I mean, it flexes and extends, right? So there's there's flexion and extension that happens in several movements, lunging and squatting for, for example. But then I always like to thought of, like our our our knees don't bend in the frontal plane, right? They don't bend sideways, right? They only right? But anyway, if it happens, sorry. But that doesn't mean that they should never experience forces coming from the frontal plane, right? That's why we do sideways movements. So that your body can be accustomed to forces coming in multiple different directions so that your body is ready for it. So when I have had my own knee problems, that's how I addressed it. I made sure that I was doing the movements that my knees can do, but then also make sure that my knees experience forces of different speeds, of different loads and from different directions. Alright next question, knees over toes? Lapestin mark questions today. Love it. See a lot online both ways with both sides willing to die for their stance. What do the professionals say? What a great question. So I believe what this is saying, Jenny is, is your knees going over your toes bad or good? What would you say? So I love this question because yeah, they see me at thing where people are like, oh, your knees should never go beyond your toes. In real life though, do your knees go in front of your toes? If you live a somewhat dynamic life, the answer is yes. So to John's point, like accepting forces like in the frontal plane, laterally for your knees, for example, this is a great example of why can't you train where your knees go in front of your toes? Because in real life they go over your toes. If you never train that way, but then it happens, you're the person who's going to be laying on the floor like, oh, I blew up my knee because your knee is not strong to accept forces when your knee is beyond your toes, which happens all the time. Right? So do you need to always, like, I don't think we need to be so concerned about this is my point. And everybody's mechanics are different. You would depend on how long your bones are, how tall you are, how strong you are, how movable your joints are, how mobile you are, right? There's lots of different things that can impact our range of motion. And what that looks like, I'm sick. John and I are both six feet, six foot one, John will tell you whatever. For a pretty tall, so our squat, you better believe, if I go super deep, my knees are probably going to be at or in front of my toes. It's just, it's the way my body is built versus somebody who's five two. So is there anything wrong with it? No, is it good to be strong when you knees go over your toes? Yes, because it happens in real life. So why wouldn't you want to be prepared for something that happens in real life? That's my stance on it. Yep. Yeah, just to all that. Just know that there's a lot of things that have been said out loud in fitness and group X rooms and from trainers for the last 20 or 30 years that have stuck around, but there is simply just no evidence to suggest that your knees going past your toes in and of itself is bad. Could we come up with some instances where it might be short? Sure, sure. But in and of itself, there's no evidence to suggest that your knees going past your toes is bad. Sometimes people will say, oh, put a lot of tension on your knees. Okay. I mean, when you do squats, put a lot of tension on your quads, that's the point, right? Like, sometimes we want tension in these places so that they get stronger. All right. Next question. In chapter seven, there is a sentence. Fitness professionals can look for hyper extension or flattening of the lumbar spine during gate assessments. How do we observe this? So I've had to do a lot of gate assessments and general speaking. You want to look from the side in order to see these two particular things. First of all, you have to understand what hyper extension is and what flattening of the lumbar spine is, which is, so there should be a natural curve in the lumbar spine in the first place and then what you're looking for is the reduction of that spine as they're going through their gate cycle. So this, I mean, this is getting a little extra effort for this course. But that's something you want to watch from the side. Hopefully on a treadmill otherwise you're going to have to walk with them while you're trying to so to in order to watch. But if you can watch from the side on a treadmill, if you're really trying to be good with the gate assessment, watch from the side on a treadmill, if you can mount your camera even better so that you don't have to be afraid of any movement. And also, if you know exactly how high you put that camera on that, on whatever you mounted it on, then you know that you will be able to take that video the same way from the same height the next time that you assess. And then again, you're doing it from the side and then you're looking for hyper extension and that flattening of the lumbar spine. It's really, if you know what you're looking for, it's not hard to see, but those would be that that would be the protocol I would put in place to assess it once and then assess it the next time to see anything got better. It may be using apple, you can do slow motion with the video so that you can kind of go frame by frame. Yeah, I agree with everything John just said you guys and this is actually segue to something kind of related. It's a great opportunity to make sure that you guys know the equipment that you're using because John mentioned and unless you're going to walk with somebody while they're doing this, which makes it hard to videos like smoothly, put them on a treadmill, right? But did you guys know that I'm a lot not all, but a lot of general commercial treadmills, a 0% in client like when you first start it and it's on 0% grade is actually a slight decline. So that could change the way somebody walks. So a lot of treadmills I know this because when we were at Orange Theory, the treadmills that we use were life fitness, we had to put them at 1% in client. What right as 1.0 is actually flat. So if you are, I'm not to get down into the weeds with stuff you guys, but if you really want to get good at corrective exercise and making sure you know equipment, just go online and look up the brand. A lot of them have a lot of information on their own websites about their equipment, little things that you should know how to set like the seats and the backs on things, right? Because a lot of them have to do with your height if you're between this height and this height, use number four, this height and this height, use number three and then on all that brands equipment, you'd use the same number. Did you know that if I'm saying something to you or you're like, those numbers mean something, you might want to do a little research and figure out how to set these pieces of equipment and what it means because at some point you're probably going to have to use that information or explain it to a client. So kind of related, but love that, Jim. Next what we can answer a couple of these pretty quickly. So first one, I would like to know if my anatomy class would count as credit towards certification. No, we're, we're, yeah, we are education, but that's not how those works were. We're not accredited for college credits and college credits are not accredited for certification, but I would say go ahead and do both. I mean, I think it's great. I would like to know the chances I would have of getting a job after I'm certified as far as I know pretty good, right? It depends on the job that you're looking for. If you're the first one, you want to apply for as CEO of ISSA then probably not, not good. But I mean, you're just talking about becoming a trainer somewhere as far as the information being generated all the time, all the health cuts are looking for more trainers. And then lastly, as I also have a full-time college student, well, most places work with my schedule. That's going to, that's going to be dependent on place to place. It depends. There's a lot of different places out there, but I've had college students that I employed as personal trainers and I was, I was definitely able to make it work with them. Would you say anything differently, Jenny? No, I think that's not all those. Next one, I think is an easy one too. What is the age range for clients to train? Like 0 to 100? Well, maybe not 0, but you know what I'm saying. Like all of them. Maybe not baby. Oh, limit. Maybe not babies, right? But maybe you don't need to be trained. Are you kidding me? Until they're like two years old, I feel like, A, they know everything in the world. That's why they look at us like we're idiots. And also they move really well. Have you guys ever seen an infant like a toddler who just learned to walk? Have you ever seen them squat? Like a pristine form? But all the way down to the ground, perfect little bed in their knees. Like they're just mechanics are just they're perfect at it. And then they learn how to move well. All these chairs. Right? All right. Last question for for today. What are the guidelines for safe and effective exercise prescription for special populations such as older adults, pregnant women, and individuals with chronic health condition? John, I feel like this person hasn't gotten very far in the textbook. That's just you wait. This is a part of our course. It isn't that you can take whole courses on all of these things. If you really want to be a specialist on working with older populations or pregnant women, postpartum women. So there's a lot for us to go over all the guidelines would be again trying to do a whole course. So hang tight. This does happen in this course. But again, there are other courses including ones with us that you can take to learn how to work with you. You learn how to work with older adults, et cetera. So if that's something that you want to learn a lot more of, there will be some as a part of this course. But also you can seek out more education if you want to specialize in those areas. Love it. Yeah. In junior education, if you want to get into any of those specifically like John said. But yeah, there's a whole section in the course you guys with general basics on you have to understand what these conditions are, what these special populations are, what does that mean for them? How is the body impacted? How is exercise impacted? And then when we understand those things, it makes the modifications that we make for them very, very intuitive, meaning like, oh, well that makes sense. The right, we have to understand a condition and how it impacts our body first and then we can go from there. So it is in the book definitely check out it is week five. That we go into special populations a little bit. So session five in boot camp. But it's one of the later chapters in the textbook. So definitely check it out. So this was fine John. That's a good question. This is week. Yeah, we did it. And this goes on YouTube, right? It does. Yes. This will be live on YouTube. Hopefully in the next day or so. We've got to start acting like, you know, real YouTubers and podcasts. All right, everyone, make sure to like and subscribe so that you can stay up to date with every thing below. I say, but hopefully this is helpful. One thing we want to know is this truly helpful to you guys. Like me and general having fun, but you know, we don't we don't get paid to just have fun all the time. So this is truly helpful to you guys. We would love to hear from you. Yeah, leave us a comment below. If this is helpful for you because if it's not, we won't do it. If it is, we'll keep doing it. So thank you for joining us, you guys. Office hours after hours, episode two for the week of May 3rd. Have a good one, guys.

=== FILE: ISSA Office Hours： After Hours ｜ Episode 3 ｜  Week of May 31, 2024 [WV2fRIlcTWQ].txt ===

Welcome to office hours after hours, Jenny. We did it again. We got them to ask a whole bunch of questions so much so that during office hours we couldn't get to all of them. But as promised, here we are recording our answers to the rest of the questions for you guys. Yes, so many good questions that we didn't want to neglect any of them. So we still have like darn your 20 more questions down to get to you from office hours. We'll make it concise. But we want to make sure that we get everybody's questions answered. So let's do it. Let's dig on into this. OK, so the first question is kind of a specific one, but we can broaden it a little bit. So the first question is, what is the best type of training for someone who practices Brazilian jujitsu? It's a popular martial art kind of popularized by UFC and MMA. But with sports in general, in order to determine the best type of training for a sport, you have to have some knowledge about the sport, right? What does the sport call upon? I mean, outside of just general conditioning, because every athlete has to have some form of general conditioning, what is the sport actually asking of the participant to do? And in some cases, you got to get pretty specific. Like, I'm a fan of MMA. So I have some knowledge. And I one thing I would recognize just as like a, you know, let's just call ourselves like movement specialist. When I watch it, to me, one thing that's unique about it is you have to have strength while you're on your back. And, you know, that's pretty unusual as far as sports go. Usually you're on your feet playing your sportmen. In this case, you have to have strength while you're on your back. You have to have kind of agility on your back. And usually we think of agility as something that you're doing when your feet are planted on the ground. But, and in this case, it's a very, it's a very different position that you're starting from. So that's, that's how I would look at it. So not saying that there's a certain tool, or the, I'm sure there's some that are relevant. I would take a, I would take a hard look at the sport and just ask myself, what are the specific needs of the sport? And then work from there. And then you can start to formulate strength, the conditioning and drills that kind of feed into that sport. I agree with that, John. Great response. It's all about looking and this is my favorite thing about working with any sport, right? If you're good at programming, if you understand the functional movements of any sport, you should be able to train it with functional needs or demands, like you said. So yeah, there's no one answer here, but what needs does a Brazilian, you just do athlete have, like what things do they need to be good at, and then train those things, right? So I think that's nice and simple. By the way, I also wanted, it's worth noting that all the questions that we have left today are from the CPT office hours, okay? So no nutrition questions that I noticed, all personal training related. So I just want to call that out. Awesome. Our next question, from last week, how would someone avoid over training if they like to train in kickboxing multiple times a week, and they want to add in strength training? So how would somebody avoid over training if they wanted to add in some additional training beyond their kickboxing multiple times a week? So I think, John, the big thing to point out here, you guys, is we have to understand what over training is, right? Over training is the accumulation of stress, right? Not just physical stress, that's, it can include psychological stress, emotional stress, mental stress, all the things that we do, like job finances, family, all that stuff, but then of course the physical stress of physical activity, right? Or lack of recovery as we always like to talk about. So it's a accumulation of all these different types of stress. And we can't really say that over training, if you kickbox three or four times a week, which John used to do it, John loves kickboxing, right? If you were to add in resistance training, I have questions based on this question. Like how many days a week are we adding in resistance training? How long are you doing kickboxing for what type of resistance training are you? Does that make sense? So the mere fact of doing kickboxing say three times a week and then adding in resistance training is not what's going to contribute to over training. It's what you are doing during those training sessions, what other accumulation of stress do you have? Does that make sense? Would you agree with that, John? Like there's a lot more that goes into overtraining per se. If you're talking about working too hard not being able to recover, that's another story. Right? In the short term, then just make sure you're eating enough, staying hydrated, sleeping enough, and you're training as appropriate day to day, right? High intensity one day, maybe back off the intensity the next day and then you move up. So there's a lot of variability and what you can do to avoid working too hard and not recovering, I wouldn't say it would be overtraining that you're trying to avoid. Would you agree with that? Yeah, I agree with that, especially when you say there's a lot of variability and who might be overtraining. Like the question, the way it's asked is asked, like a lot of the questions we get, where it's kind of looking for a specific quantitative number. Like if I do three workouts, is that cool, but if I do four workouts in my overtrained, and that's not the best way to look at it because it depends on the person, it depends on the context, depends on that week, some weeks you're good for four or five workouts, some weeks you're good for two. So it's more of a quality thing. This is where we're checking in with our clients so that we can communicate and see how they're feeling, see how the energy is, and then you're monitoring the workouts and the suming, are they getting better or are they getting worse? And these are the things that our tell-tale signs of whether or not someone is being overtrained or under recovered, however you want to look at it. So there's not like a number. There's not a certain amount of reps necessarily. It's more the qualities of progressing or regressing and are you paying attention to those things. Yeah, I love that. So hopefully that makes sense, you guys. Hopefully that makes sense. What's your next gen? Next question. So what is the best way we got three questions in this one? What's the best way to keep a client even after they reach their goal? I'll say this. I've over the years I had several clients hit some goals and hit some pretty big goals. And it was rare that they were like, oh, John, see you later. It just usually happened that way. Now there were certainly clients that we would hit a point where they felt confident. They felt like they could kind of handle things on their own and they might come back every now and then to check in rather than the two, three times a week that we've been doing up until they hit their goal. But the best way to keep a client is to make sure that they're having a great experience with you the entire time, meaning they're getting quality education. They're getting professionalism. Maybe they like you too. Like all of that matters. That's how you keep a client. You know, is it the case that sometimes people will hit a landmark and then want to go out on their own? It's certainly can't. It's certainly can be the case. But I've rarely encountered that because once they hit a goal, you know what you can do next. You can make another goal. And now you've got something else to work toward. And that was that was usually more the case that way than someone just saying, I'm moving on. So again, give them a good experience and they'll they'll stick with you. Do you have anything to add to that one? Yeah, I would say when they reach a goal, awesome. What's next? Right? Very rarely does somebody reach a goal and they're like, okay, I can die now. Right? There's something even maintenance is still a goal. Continue doing what you're doing, right? And they might need help doing that. So my question once somebody achieves a goal first of all, like John always says when I love this, applaud the effort in the outcome. Great job. You did a lot of great work. You worked really hard. You know, recap what they did. You reached your goal. What are we doing now? Now what? Now what do you have your eyes on? Because chances are, as people aren't progressing towards our goal, they've already figured out what they want to do next. All right, John, I've lost my body fat. I want to get my arms bigger. I want to get my right. They already have something else in mind. Cool. Now we can shift our training and let's get after this new goal. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. I often feel like I had people who would like they would choose kind of a performance or athletic face goal. Like after they felt like they were in shape and lost some weight now, it's like I want to run a 5k or something. But what it wasn't always that. But in any case, like I said, oftentimes there's a whole another goal that you can set after you hit the first goal. It was another part of this question. Well, it's kind of a separate question, but in the same box from the same person. What is the best starting price for a new personal trainer? I don't think we'll go too deep in the weeds on this unless you really want to Jenny, but this is a common question that we get. And there's not an answer to it. Even if you're brand new, that's going to vary from if you're in South Dakota to Beverly Hills. Because you can be a brand new trainer in Beverly Hills. Your price is going to be different than in South Dakota or many other parts of the country. My frame of reference is here in California and the Bay Area and in an LA and the Sacramento Area. So it's relatively higher in comparison to most of the rest of the country, outside of Miami, New York, Chicago, you know, the big cities. So it makes sense to just kind of do an assessment of your local area. See what other people are charging? That'll start to give you an idea. And then man somewhere where you're comfortable and just know this. Raising your prices is can be challenging once you're already in it. So you don't want to start too low. It has believed me when I tell you. I've had to be responsible for raising prices for personal training for a company. And the amount of heat that I got really upset about it was quite a bit. Now sometimes you got to do what you got to do. People aren't always going to like it when you raise prices. But you don't want to put yourself in the hole right off the bat because you think you're new and you think people will perceive you as not worth it. So make sure that you pick something that that that that makes sense for you and your local area assuming that you're just doing standard personal training. And that's probably a great place to start. I said I said I didn't want to go too far into the weeds with Jenny. I don't know if you had something else for that. No, because we answered that's from all the time. So anyway, I'm pretty much kind of the opposite hours that we've done. You guys, you'll hear the answer to this question. Yeah. That's part should I ever be aggressive and tone of voice with the client when trying to motivate them. Depends what motivates your client. Some people that will run away and cry for that. Other people that are like finally, now you're finally coaching me. So it depends on the client. I agree. Yeah, some people respond well to that. Some people don't, but that's part of our job. And that's why we talk about this in our psychology chapter. Getting to know them in the program design model you guys. Phenomenal resource that you guys need to check out. The whole intake process, the form that John here, our very own John, worked very, very hard to put this form together. Based on what we know and what we'll be experiencing over the last three decades now as personal trainers. And a lot of the questions that you'll see on that form, you guys, use this form. John, they talk about what kind of preferences do you have. That's a whole section. Your preference. Do you like loud? Do you like quiet? Do you like big busy environments? Do you like quiet? Like right or looking like what do you prefer? And do you prefer to be yelled at? Or do you prefer? Hey, let me just speak to you like a human being. All right. Ask their preferences and then deliver what they're asking for if it's within reasons, right? Absolutely. Yeah, so definitely check out the program design model you guys. Phenomenal resources for figuring out what somebody's preferences are. They're status, meaning what's their training status, where are they now? And also where do they want to be? Right? Really cool resources. All right. Up next. The question, John, is it necessary for me to get insurance in order to become a personal trainer? And then they're asking what would I be liable for any self-inflicted or equipment inflicted injuries during a training session? And if so, what insurance or precautions should I be looking into? So yes, you guys, training insurance is important because if somebody's working with you. Any injuries technically, whether it's they walk away and they're doing something over here on a machine or they hurt themselves doing a lunch while you're standing right there, if they're in a training session with you and make it injured technically, you're part of the issue, right? So having training insurance, it's liability insurance in a lot of cases and there's other types of insurance as well out there. There's lots of blogs I'm ISSA by the way, go to ISSA online, scroll down there's blogs that we offer that talk about this. The insurance liability insurance specifically will protect you if someone gets injured while doing your training and this can also apply for those of you guys who are doing online training. I write John's workout and send it to him and John's off doing his workout on his own, but if it's a workout that I program for him and he gets injured technically, do you see how that works? I wrote the workout he's doing it and he got injured. I could still he could still try and come after me liability insurance will cover you, right? I mean, John could get his ankle looked at or whatever her happened and my insurance will cover. Okay. Now, when you work for a facility or a gym or a health club you guys generally speaking, most of those places have insurance that covers their employees. So as long as you are training in the four walls of that facility or doing what they call for when you're hired there, you are covered by their insurance. But the moment you step outside of those four walls and you start working with clients, you need to have your own insurance coverage. M.I. clear that has to be we need you guys to understand okay because I've seen up before, people work for insert name of gym, right? Gold gym, lifetime, whatever, you're covered there and then they walk out and they're like, oh, I set my friend to work out. What you're sending your friends is your own business now. So you need to have insurance separately to cover you outside of the four walls of your employment. Okay. But lots of different options and in fact, I also say has a couple different partner companies. When you login look under the exclusive discount section of the professional division tab in your course, when you login you guys in your portal, there's some really good resources there. API insurance is one that we partner with. Not the only one out there. Next personal training insurance, John and I have both used Philadelphia insurance company. There's lots of different insurance companies out there, Google it, go to our Facebook page, do a quick search in the group. We talk about it all the time. But yes, the short answer to this question is insurance is 100% required at minimum liability insurance. Okay. If you're working for someone, check to see if they have coverage that coverage you, if you're working outside of that space where you are covered, you absolutely need to have your own insurance. Anything you would add here, John? I'm just going to reiterate that when you log in to your course, you're going to go to professionals of division, click exclusive discounts and benefits, and then you can find our partner API there. $1 million in coverage for $60 bucks. Yeah, pretty, pretty good rate. So I would advise you to go check that out. Next question, what programming does a client need if the goal is to run a three mile, three miles without stopping? This reminds me of the type of questions we get, what I feel like you know the answer, but you want us to say it. But to be specific, I'll give you the general answer. You better be running. But I used to train a lot of runners. I worked with coaches of runners. I used to train a lot of coaches of runners. And when people don't be shy, John, you were a collegiate runner. Yeah, but but that was just me going between two lines and running hard and occasionally turning left. I didn't know anything about technique or anything like that. I learned that much later. At that time, that was just talented at being fast, but I didn't know what was happening. So, so when you're starting with new people, like someone's new who wants to start to be a runner, if you're really doing a real assessment on this, someone who's been a couch potato and now they're running. Well, their body's not used to impact. And every time that you are even doing a slow jog, every step you take you getting two to three times your body weight of impact every time. And if you go on and you decide you're going to run out in the street or running the hills, whatever, now it's also unpredictable impact because maybe you're not that athletic yet. So, I would take all that and think to myself, what I'll all I'm doing with this client. And for me, what I'm going to do is we're going to start maybe without running or not running very far. We might actually just do hops. I do do hopping a lot because when you hop, you're emulating impact, but it's all in a controlled environment with your with your client and you're doing hops. I do regular hops, single leg hops, because when you're running, it's single leg every time. So, that way, we can get our body used to impact. And I had metrics for it. I would have them do it at 180 beats per minute. And as soon as they could do a couple of sets of three minutes at a time, then I would feel comfortable that they can get out there and run and absorb impact. And then once we're there, now we start the running and we start small, right? Let's start with a half mile. Let's start with a mile. And then two miles. And guess what? It doesn't always have to be without stopping. You run until you start to feel your form breakdown and then you walk a little bit. So, it's like with lifting weights. When you're lifting, when your form starts to break down, you keep going, you're do you stop. I would advise you stop, but for some reason in the world of running, you're not doing it right if you stop. I would argue differently. I would say as soon as your form starts to break down with running, just walk a little bit and then pick it up again and then walk a little bit and then pick it up again. This is how we do it with every other exercise, but with running for some reason, people are like, it's almost like it doesn't count if you stop for a little bit, but you wouldn't say that about lifting weights. So again, with running, there's that part of it. We can certainly get into the whole strength training part of it. But I think that's for another day. I will say we would just talk about earlier today, Jenny. We do have a fantastic running course available. And I, as to say, offered by one of the top running coaches in the world. So that could be a great. If you're really truly interested, I would check out that course. Agreed. Agreed. Yeah. So there's no one way to go about it. John gave you a great way to get started, right? And a lot of people skipped some of these steps and then wonder why they get injured later on, right? And our body's not prepared to take on that impact. So that, John, I love that you brought that up. Regardless of how long somebody's been training, are they truly prepared for this? Is another question. Is there body truly prepared to take on the forces of running great question? It's not just about having the cushy issues in the world and figuring it out. Sometimes there is a little bit of a progression that we need to implement to make sure that they're staying safe while doing it. But yeah, if you guys want to learn about running specifically to whom I've ever asked this or if you're interested, get more information about it, right? There's a whole course, not just ours. There's other courses out there, but get certified in it. Learn more. Learn about the progression. Learn about the running stride. Learn about all the aspects of it. Just like you would anything else. Okay. There's a question, John. The textbooks free for me to order or do I only get a downloadable version for free. So nothing in life is free. Let me just call that out. Included with your purchase are the online versions of your textbooks and every course that we offer you guys. Not only are they throughout the modules of the course. You can find it broken up into chapters for your convenience. But if you're looking for the full version of the textbook to view, to print to download or whatnot, it's in the download section of your course. So scroll there below the modules. You will see a download section in pretty much every course we offer. Click on it and you'll see a full version of the textbook as well as many other resources that we encourage you guys to check out and utilize and download save. So you don't have to worry about losing them later. Okay. You can also purchase the physical copies of the textbook if you choose to, they are completely optional and that can be done at books.issaonline.com. Okay. There's also a link on the main website. There's a link in your student portal for the book site. But again, books.issaonline.com. Next question, what is the number one piece of advice you would give to someone who just finished their certification and will soon begin their personal training journey. Could be business related or personal, maybe even both if we choose. And so there's, I guess there's lots of advice but I would say just get your reps in. Do everything you can to get clients. Paying clients maybe a people who are trying you out to potentially be paying clients. But get as many reps in as possible because the fact is you're just getting started. So you're not nearly as good as you're going to be at some point. And if in the next year you only have like two or three clients at the end of the next year, you're probably still not that much better. So as much time as you can to get with people, paid or unpaid to just practice the job of being a personal trainer is what I would tell you. If you're listening to people online who say never, ever give away your time, I disagree. Doctors give away their time before their doctors. Are we better than doctors? Okay. Well, then I guess we're okay to give away some time as well because it's not like you're throwing away time and money. You're investing in your experience. If you can get to the point, you know, they use that word, the 10,000 hours that that to gain mastery of something. You know, start working towards your 10,000 hours. Because again, if you've got 10 hours under your belt, I mean, you've gotten 10 hours better. But you still need, you still got a little ways to go. So again, I would say there's nothing wrong with having people come and do assessments with you or do work out to with you because that's a way to get potential clients, by the way, it's kind of like try before you buy. But also you're investing in your ability to be in in front of different types of people with different needs to have different sort of personalities. And that's invaluable experience that you can get if you just go out there and do it. If you kind of wait around for a business to come to you, then what's happening is you're not actually getting experience being a trainer. And I would argue, this is something that I saw recently, I very much agreed that it was very much the case when I started that there was like, oh, so many smart trainers terrible at business and marketing. I would say now there's a lot of people who are really good at marketing, terrible trainers. So I would say get good at being a trainer. I think I would say, John, you kind of said it try before you buy. Always try new things when it comes to fitness, right? There's all kinds of things out there for fitness. Not saying they're gimmicky, but there's different types of training, right? There's a little bit of picklifting. There's regular resistance training. There's yoga, pilates, kickboxing, and MMA, and right? All these different sports, right? Pickable, all these different types of sports. If you, if somebody comes up to you and asks you about something that you've never tried, like I've never played Pickable. And as somebody says, well, what do you think about Pickable? Is it good for, you know, could, would that be good for exercise? If you've never tried it, can you honestly answer that question? You might be able to sneak out an answer. I could probably say like, based on what I know of Pickable. Sure. But if I've never tried it, do you see how that's a problem? I can't really accurately explain to somebody what Pickable is like, right? What kind of agility is need to me, John Pickable is like, Ping-Pong, like full-size Ping-Pong. But it's actually a challenging sport. It's a lot of fun. People really enjoy it. But it does require certain skills. But if I've never tried it, which I haven't, well, disclosure, I will eventually, right? Then it's really hard for me to explain it. So my point is try different things. If a new studio opens up near you and they have a different type of training than you ever had done before, go try it. That's how I got into Orange Theory. I used to work for Orange Theory John for three years, and I loved it. Made a killing there. But then I didn't try it until somebody was like, hey, would you ever want to work here? I was like running, rowing and weight room. What? What is this? And I went and took a class and I was like, life changed. What is this? How do I get into this? You might find something that you never knew existed that you actually love or are really good at. So don't limit yourself. So many people think, oh, I only want to do this. So I want to work with this type of client. But do you know that for sure? If you've never tried everything else that's out there or as much as you possibly can, because you might find something that you never knew existed that you want to get really, really good at and you really enjoy. So try all the things. It would be my biggest piece of advice for anybody who is new or ongoing, I guess. By the way, I've never tried pickable, but it looks challenging. And I saw something once. So I'm saying this just because we can call it like ping pong whatever, but you're still trying to be athletic, right? And I saw something where the rate of injury from the sport actually rose faster than the popularity of the sport. And we all know it's popular. So people were out there getting hurt. People like my age were like, I'm going to go relive my athletic dreams and go out there and play pickable all the sudden, I remember, oh yeah, I'm not, I'm not 22 anymore. Not to say that you can't play. I'm just saying it's a real sport. And if you don't treat it like one, then you might get yourself injured. Yes, I agree with that, John. And I always laugh jokingly don't come for me. But I always say pickable is created by an orthopedic surgeons. Because a lot of people get injured, but it's because it's just like we talked about with running earlier. A lot of people are not prepared for the elements of pickable, right? You don't just stand in place and hit the ball. You're moving around and it's a very agile sport. And there's multiple people on one side of the net. And like there's all kinds of elements that we need to be prepared for. So in somebody that you know or is your client wants to play pickable, make sure they're trained appropriately. So they don't get injured, right? That's my point. Okay, John, the next question, what tips do you have for me starting my own gym? So I think a lot of what we just talked about applies to this, absolutely applies to this. Go try things. Make sure it's a style of training that you like, right? Don't just open a gym because you think it's going to be cool and you have a bunch of random equipment. Generally speaking, in my opinion, gyms or smaller studios that do really well have some kind of theme, right? Whether it's group training and we always do this type of training or they have Olympic platforms and this is the type of training, they have some kind of consistency about what they offer versus, oh, anybody can come in here and just work out. Okay, so that's just my two cents on it. It doesn't mean you can't do that. But the ones that I found that have been the most successful have some kind of theme throughout all the types of training that they do and their equipment and their space and all of that it matches what they do. So get specific would be my question. What type of gym do you want to have that will help you not only figure out how much space you need, what type of equipment you need, what type of trainers you want to hire or what kind of trainer you need to be. And then also, it helps you narrow down your marketing and that's something John, we get asked a lot about. How do I market? If you're trying to market to everybody, do you see how that's a very big thing to throw at the wall and see what sticks? If you're marketing to a very specific type of training or population, it becomes a lot easier, easier, simpler to market, to target people and market to the right people instead of just everybody showing up and half of them not wanting what you offer. Does that make sense? What about you John? What would you say for this? Beyond organizing this in person, first and foremost, I'm glad you're enthusiastic and passionate about fitness. I am because I am too. That part's probably not going to go away. So you'll probably hang on to that. But if you don't be an organized business person from the start, you're putting yourself in a hole that might be difficult to decline out of. So find resources. I'm actually for myself personally, I'm doing a meeting. There's something called the SBDC, the small business development center, free service, just to bounce ideas off of them and get advice. I've run a lot of big businesses. I didn't own them. So I still think there's a lot of insights that I can get from something like that. So be an organized business person, be willing to learn a lot about business because again, you've already got the passion for the fitness business. Now just make sure that you back it up with some business savvy. All right, another good. Next question, how can I draw more people with posting fitness content? And you know, it just so happens that Jan and I have happened to speak to several people lately where this is a big part of what they do is post a lot of fitness content. And I say it that way because they post a lot because the number one piece of advice that they all give is just simply be consistent. And then I will add to that because I know one of my issues over the years in posting anything was like trying to win a Pulitzer Prize with every single post. And that's just not, it's just not going to happen. Sometimes you need to meet our consumers where they're willing to be met. Someone's looking for what's a thing I can do to help my my back pain. What's something that I can do to help me be a little bit more of an efficient runner? What are three different exercises for my triceps? You know, and although you may have way more knowledge than that to share, who who is it for? Are you trying to impress other trainers? Are you trying to get some clients? So that's probably a question that you have to answer for yourself. Who am I posting for? And if you're posting for clients, then you want to post in a way that catches their eye, isn't something valuable, inspires them. But then they kind of need you to be top of mind. If they're not seeing you for a couple of months, then you're out of sight out of mind. Love it. I have nothing to add to that John. Make job. Love it. So definitely like John said that we've been on our podcast. We had quite a few people who are really strong. I wouldn't say influencers, but they're content creators on our podcast. So definitely check out our podcast. You guys it's on Spotify and Apple podcasts. It's called Trainers Talking Truths. And look for the ones for social media, right? We talk a lot about it. So there's some great resources there for you guys. So many resources done. Yeah, curses this week. If you're listening and it's what's the day today? June 3rd when we're recording this. Curt Mangams comes out June 5th and it was really good because he was teaching me in Jenny a lot on that podcast. Yeah, really good one. All right. Next up, how should I deal with people who procrastinate and aren't consistent with their workouts? All right. I love this question because first things first. Remember, we can't make anyone do anything. John, this gives me a little bit of PTSD from when I first started way back when my first couple of years as a trainer, you know, you pour all this effort in this time and this energy and creating this amazing program for somebody. But you haven't focused on their lifestyle and their behaviors. What are they currently doing? And then what are those behaviors need to look like to support what they want to do? Right? That behavior change aspect. You have completely neglected that. But you have created the world's best program. That in a perfect world, it's going to work. But we don't live in a perfect world, not by a far stretch, right? So when clients procrastinate and aren't consistent with their workouts, a lot of times it might not actually be the workouts. It might be we didn't address what's their lifestyle. Right? What's the reasons that they're quote, quote, procrastinating? Right? Is it that they're just not into what you're doing? Meaning we need to try something different. Do you want different? Do different? Right? Or is that that it doesn't fit into their schedule? We were asking them the trained five days a week. For example, when they really realistically only have two or three days a week to train. So they just said, well, I can't get the five days in that John told me to do so screw it. I'm not going to do any of it. Because that happens. That all or nothing mentality, well, I can't do it. So never mind. I'm just not going to do it at all. What else is happening? So this is a conversation. This would be a absolutely a sit down conversation to figure out what is holding you back. And then shut your mouth and let the person talk. Let them tell you what's holding them back. Because a lot of times John and I know you've experienced this too. They'll start talking and you'll just say, uh-huh. Yeah, tell me more about that. And just ask your little follow questions, right? Motivational interviewing, active listening. And turns out they just talk themselves in a circle and either A, they realize there's nothing holding them back. They're just scared. Or B, there's a whole lot holding them back that they need to address before they can actually take these steps forward. But if you don't let them talk it out and you just make assumptions as to what it is, you're just going to be right back in the same boat within a week or two. So people who procrastinate and are not consistent, it's a conversation, figure out what's actually happening and we have to use our active listening and let them figure out what's going on. Let them tell you. Would you agree with that John? Yeah, yeah. And over time you'll find out things. And so will they. Right? So that you might, you might have this conversation with them. And in your mind, you might think, well, we've created this program. We both agreed on it. We both said this is doable. But then they started trying to do it. And then then maybe they sort of feel overwhelmed. It started to feel like too much. Maybe they over promised that they over committed themselves. You know, at the time they were just pumped up, you know. So it's like they just watched a movie or something got them fired up. And I'm like, yeah, I'm going to do that. I'm going to work out four times a week. I'm going to make the time for this. But then when they try to put in an action, they realize that they might have over committed themselves. And then it's tough to go to your trainer and say, I can't do what I said. I could do last week. That's why you have to ask. Because they're not likely to tell you like right away. You know. And as the coach, you rather know that information sooner than later. So when you're asking questions and if you come down to the conclusion that maybe what you created at first isn't the right fit than changing. But that's not going to happen. Let's read the conversation. You. Next question. When onboarding a virtual client, what platform would you use to create a PDF? I mean, it's kind of a technical question. But, you know, I'm an Adobe user. Gena, I don't know if you have anything different than that. And maybe what you're talking about is actually creating it from scratch as opposed to converting into a PDF. Again, we're getting into a into text stuff here. But there's all kinds of platforms to create paperwork or or forms or whatever the case may be. You can do it in Google. So it just depends on what you're trying to create. So I say that say there's a lot of different choices. I would urge you to just kind of explore and see what's comfortable for you. I use Google a lot in the forums and everything. So it's very comfortable to me. But I've used others as well that did the same thing. Just sometimes you've got to use them a little bit in order to know where all the buttons are at and what all the functions are. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, because the person specifically asked to create a PDF. A PDF is specific to the program Adobe. So I'm not sure if yeah, Jonathan, they meant like just forms in general or specifically a PDF. It's a PDF you're asking about. It's Adobe. All right, down there was a question. When you're starting with when you start getting clients, if you're assuming their goal is to lose weight, would you need to record their weight? What if they don't want to lose weight? How do you go about that? Or what if they don't want you to tell them their weight? Or they don't want to tell you their weight? I guess they're asking. What if they don't want to tell you their weight? So first of all, we cannot we cannot assume that every client that you meet wants to lose weight or change their weight up or down. Period. You guys have to understand that. Not every client is going to have an issue with their weight. Meaning they want to go up or down or change in some way. So that's part of uncovering what are they trying to achieve? If somebody's trying to get really, really strong, like my husband for example, he wants to get really good at bench press, John. He wants to be able to bench. I don't know. He gave me a number of the other day I forget. I don't train him. He wants to increase his bench press. He said nothing about how much he weighs. He said nothing about his body fat percentage. So in a place case like this, there are plenty of people like that who have no desire to change their weight. That's not what they're interested in. He's a very interested in a very specific performance goal. So is it important to weigh him? I mean, maybe every now and again, just so you can track it. But it's not something I'm going to do regularly with him or recommend for him regularly because his goals have nothing to do with that. Now, if somebody has a weight loss or weight gain goal, then yes, that's absolutely something that you need to be measuring along the way to make sure that you're programming and their compliance to that programming is working. Right? And so they ask what if they don't want to tell you their weight? This is not a secret. Like we're not keeping secrets from one another. I can't help you fully if I don't have all the information. So I don't know why you wouldn't want to, I mean, maybe they're embarrassed or something to that effect is to why they don't want to share their weight. Awesome. Well, if I don't know where you're starting, I don't know how to get you where you want to go. It would be the conversation that I have at this person. So I need you to, of course, then that's, of course, I can say I need you to trust me, but then it's up to me to build trust with this person so that they feel comfortable giving me that information or allowing me to assess that information. Because it's not to judge them. It's not to go, oh my god, I'm going to go talk to my friends about it at dinner tonight. Like it's not that serious. Right? That reminds me the last time I went and had a root canal, John. I was so embarrassed because I had a little stinky brown tooth when they shaved my tooth down from my root canal. And I was like, don't go talk about me to your friends and they were like, we've seen much worse, like, come down. You're fine. Right? But then just to the care, we shouldn't, it's not that we don't care. But we're not out here talking about our clients or we shouldn't be. I just need this information so that I can help you change it. If I don't have this information, it gets a little bit harder for me. Would you agree with that, John? Yeah, more or less. I've encountered pretty much everything. Like every sort of manner in which people did not want to get on the scale. And it's a number of reasons. You know, I've asked people, you know, would it be okay with you if you hop down the scale? And you don't have to look. We don't have to say anything, but I'm just going to write it down. So maybe it's that. There are instances where some places don't have the scale in a private area. So really the issue is getting out on a scale in front of people because other people can see it. So that might be it. Maybe it's going to have to come down to okay. Well, can we come up with a way that feels like progress is happening? I mean, do you have like clothes that that'll help you know if if progress is happening? Because this is a big deal for some people. They don't even want to see the number, but you know, you want to have the conversation to see what they are comfortable with and what we can pay attention to. And if it's if it's the fit of certain pieces of clothes, because that's that was a mistake I ran to is that I would just generally say if you close fit better. And then that's all of them. But I would actually I got to the point where I specify like just pick out a few pieces of clothes and just note how they how those ones fit and then see if those ones fit differently over time. So so maybe maybe that's it. I will also say that this was like a less than 1% thing that I ever ran into for any clients that that were weight loss. So I didn't run into it much, but it did happen time to time. Next question. In the video scope of practice, it's mentioned that trainers should know of numerous health professionals that we can refer to. I don't know if we said should, but definitely it's a good idea. So given that we do not diagnose, make meal plans or speak the things outside of our own expertise, what's the best practice or way to refer a health care provider? It's interesting question. I would say just simply just tell themselves to go get check down, go see their doctor. What I mean by that is it's not up to us to say you know what Jenny, I think you've got some hormone issues. It's time for you to go see the endocrinologist. And for the most part that's not how it works with our doctors anyway. Oftentimes you have to see your primary care physician anyway. So I don't think I've ever said go see and then some sort of specialist. I don't know if I've ever said that, but I've definitely urged people to go get check down. Go see their doctor to figure out if there's anything that they need to know about their current health status or whatever the case may be. Whenever I was training a lot, and within my network, I had like physical therapists. I would communicate with different people's primary care physicians. I had like most knowledge therapists, but not really like a bunch of specialists like again, an endocrinologist. So again, just urge them to go see some help. You don't have to be specific in telling them which specialist they need to see. I agree with that, John, but I'm also on the other side of the coin because I have referred people to specialists, but a best practice for referring somebody, like you said, start with your physician. Your general physician is really good at giving you referral, right? They might be able to help you figure out what's going on, but if they can't they'll say go see this person and they will write you a referral to go see that specialist. But as far as if you do have specialists that you want to refer like John said physical therapist, massage therapists, right? Certain people start with the people that you use. Not saying that all my clients have to go see my massage therapist, but if I have a massage therapist that I use regularly, which I do, why wouldn't I refer that person? Because I know what they can do. I know what they specialize in. I know where they're at. I know that they can travel to you. I know approximately their rates. So I have a lot more information about somebody that I already see. Same thing if I already see anologist or a dermatologist or something. Hey, this is too icy. Go see your doctor and maybe they have another recommendation, but here's the name of mine if you want to check them out. It's not a you have to go here. It's here's too I use. Does that make sense? So start with the people that you already see and that makes the most sense because you can speak intelligently to what do they offer? Where are they located? Approximately what are their rates? You have a little bit more information versus just randomly saying go Google it. Yeah, especially if our clients kind of know what their need is. So for instance, if someone's like, I need to learn more about how to eat, but I have a gluten sensitivity, then we'd say, okay, time to go see a dietitian. In that sense, absolutely. But when they're just experiencing some sort of symptoms, it's not up to us to be like, you know, that sounds like whatever. That's not what we do. That's when we just say, you know what, if you're feeling these symptoms, go get checked out, go see the doctor. But if they say something specific, they already know what they kind of need. They just haven't sought the help, then you can help point them in the right direction. Agreed. Great question. All right, John, few more. The next one, what's the best way to motivate a client when it comes down to financial reasons as a reason not to continue training for some people that's a reason not to start either. So motivating a client when it comes down to financial reasons. Again, we can't make anyone do anything. But the root of this question to me, John, comes down to have you built value in what you offer. Everything costs money for the most part. Right. There's very few things in life that don't cost money. I don't even use the word free that don't cost you money out of your pocket. Right. So if you built value or if there's this person sees value in that thing, they're going to spend money on. So think about when you go to the grocery store, anybody who's listening to this, and when you go to the grocery store, right, and you have to buy, I don't know, a carton of eggs. Whether those, do you guys remember when eggs were like ridiculously expensive, like more expensive than the gold at one point, right? They were super expensive. But if it was valuable to you to have eggs, it meant something to you have eggs in your to whether they were $12 for a dozen or whether they're $2.99 for a dozen, you probably still bought them. Right. Maybe the amount that you bought was different, but you probably still said, this is crazy, but I'm going to do it. I know I did because I was like eggs are a part of my day. I eat them every day. So I see value is it worth $12, maybe not, but that's the cost of it. So I'm going to pay it. Same thing for people who go to Starbucks every day or to the coffee shop every day. That six or eight dollar cup of coffee to me does not have value. I don't see a value in paying $8 for a cup of sugar water. And I also don't enjoy coffee. So there's no value for me. But for somebody who's like, man, I love my coffee. I can't have my day without it. It's the best part of my day. Do you see how they have value in it? Okay. So I say all this simple, simple, find what I'm saying. If somebody has a financial reason as to why they don't continue, you need to dig deeper and find out what exactly is it that is keeping them from continuing. Because John, I know you all speak to this in most gyms or facilities where you do a lot of selling. That's one of the first, like, what do you call objections that you'll get from most people. I'll it costs too much. But usually that's not the reason why they don't want to do it. It's just the first thing that comes up. It's the easiest thing to say. So for some people, that's not actually what's holding them back. And if it is, we have to figure out, like, more, we need to know more. Right? Because for some people, again, if they go to Starbucks every day and you're spending $8 to $10 every day at Starbucks, do the math on that. You're spending $2 to $300 a month on Starbucks. And what I'm offering you is this many dollars. So you're telling me if you don't cut out your Starbucks, you wouldn't have enough money for this. Right? There's ways to shift money around. So for most people, it's not the fact that's something cost money and they don't want to pay for it. It's they haven't built enough value in that thing or they don't see enough value in that thing to pay that money for it. What would you say for this one, John? I got, I got used to just asking a simple question. I would say, you know, talking me about what's financially doable for you. And then we'll see if we can figure out a solution for you. And granted, if someone sees you once every two months, then that's less personalization, I guess, then someone who's seen you three times a week. But also, that's why that's why I cost so much less to see you. It costs a lot less to see once every two months than it does three times a week. But sometimes that's enough to give them something, right? And it can work a couple of ways. It's a way to kind of offer something to people where that maybe finances are truly an issue. But it's also sometimes a way to be able to introduce people to your services. It's kind of like the iTunes model, right? Where you get the iPod. It's an easy entry and then you get your all into it and you're getting your songs on there or whatever. And then eventually you had to upgrade to the bigger iPod. This is back in the day when iPods were saying. And then you get the iPhone and you get the Mac. Now you're in the system, right? So in the same way, one of the gyms I used to on, we used to have a service where it was like program writing. And I think it was like for 125 bucks, we'll give you like six weeks of workouts. Something like that. Or maybe it was too much. I forget. But it was a low barrier to entry. What would happen with it was it was kind of like the iTunes thing. They do it. And it was not bad without now they're starting to realize, oh, you know what? Maybe if I actually see my trainer a little bit more often, I'll do a better job of doing the workouts and then they upgrade and upgrade and upgrade. So again, I think the two piece of advice I'd give is like have different things that you can't offer so that you can ask the question what's financially doable for you? Because it's great, especially when people are maybe not as willing to start, it's great to have options to just get their foot in the door because like Jenny said we want to build value, but maybe it's just not there yet, you know, because they just met you like 40 minutes ago, 30, 40 minutes ago, right? So maybe they're just not there yet. The trust isn't there yet. But if you can give more little bit of value while I having a low barrier entry sort of thing, then then maybe they'll be more willing to get started. Yeah, so I love that question, John and that's a, I love the way you explain that. But guys, think about yourselves, right? We all have things that we pay for every month, but that's your phone, your rent, right? Hopefully there's value in rent having our roof over your head, your phone, you don't have to have a cell phone, you will survive without a cell phone, contrary to popular belief yet we choose to pay them monthly amount to have a cell phone because you see value in it, right? Your Netflix subscription, your who-loose subscription, your iTunes subscription, whatever, whether it's $5 or whether it's $500 a month, our vehicles, right? We're paying because there's a value to it. If there wasn't, you'd probably stop paying it, wouldn't you? So it's the same thing when we're buying what people are buying training, okay? So I love the way you explain that, John. Am I next? I forgot where we are. All right. What helps stand out as a personal trainer and what do clients see when choosing a personal trainer? Well, lots of things, right? Sometimes they'll see personality. Sometimes they'll see your muscle. Sometimes you'll stand out as the person with all kinds of knowledge. Sometimes you'll stand out as the person who's kind of the loud drill sergeant type trainer. Sometimes you'll stand out because you seem really kind and soft and nurturing as a trainer. There's lots of ways in which people stand out. So which one are you? I would say, probably don't try to be something you're not. I mean, we do have to have different personalities. You know, I've said this before on here before, but you know, as a one-on-one trainer, I would show up differently than I would be if I was doing a 20-person group class and rightfully so, right? But, you know, what is going to be your strength as a trainer? It's difficult to be everything to everybody, right? But what are your strengths? If you're trying to have a big personality, and you don't normally have a big personality, maybe that won't work out, maybe there's something in particular that you're passionate about. Maybe your marketing is great. Because that's certainly can make you stand out if you're great at marketing. So there's all kinds of things and everything I just said can help, but which one is the one that fits you the best? Yeah, and I think this kind of circles back down to what we talked about earlier, knowing what type of training you offer, or what type of client you're going after, and then appealing to that group, right? So if you want to work with athletes, or you want to work with groups or something like everything you do, everything you put out on social media, your website, like everything about you should appeal to those people. Right? Or if it's a certain type of certain population, like seniors or whatever, you should everything you do should appeal to those people and not necessarily the other people that you're not trying to contact. Don't try and throw stuff at the wall and see what sticks, targeting, be specific. Right? So that kind of goes along with this next question too. I've this person said I've thought about doing eight one-minute stations in their boot camps. Can you give me an example of how you would set them up and what workouts you would do for full body exercises? So no, I don't have an example, a specific example, because there are no wrong answers. Who is in your boot camp? Is my question? Is it little kids? Is it moms with their children's strap to their backs? Is it seniors? Is it everybody in anybody? Is it like who is in your boot camp? Who is coming to your boot camp? Because when you guys, as somebody who's done a lot of J.D. and I both have done a lot of group training, a ton of it, and I still do it with my youth athletes. And my college athletes, I do a lot of group training because I can get to more people at once. So I love it. But you also have to accommodate for the different statuses, the different level of participants. You might have some people that are brand new to this, and maybe don't know the way that you do movements, or don't know the way that this works, and people that have been with you for a long time and get it. Well, how are you going to accommodate both of those populations? Right? So I always say, they're to start with the simple stuff, and then have some progressions in mind for the people that are more experienced, or a little bit more advanced. So that means you need to be able to target the people that are new, but still keep the people that are not new engaged. So I don't know who's in your boot camp. So we can't really tell you how to set this up, but do what makes sense for the people that are in your boot camp. Do what makes sense for the space you have, do what makes sense for the equipment that you have, and the time that you have for this session. Does that make sense? So as long as it all fits in the box, where are you? How long is it? What kind of equipment do you have? Who's there? Right? And what style do you like to train? There's no wrong answers. Pick your poison. Have fun with it. Anything you would add for that job? Yeah. So here's the practical stuff. There's eight, one minute stations. And let's just say there's a break for one minute in between each one. Now that's 16 minutes for one time through. Right? So how long is your workout? I mean, do you have an hour? Okay. So like if you go through it three times, now that's 48 minutes. So then that leaves time for a little bit of warm up and cool down on both ends. So so that's pretty good. And then when you go through at the beginning, how long is it going to take you to explain each station? Because I've seen people take like, you know, dang near a half an hour to explain all of them. That's too long. You got to make it quick. And then guess what? When they're going around the stations, is everyone going to remember what they're supposed to do? Nope. So should you have a little sign there? I always used to have little whiteboards or some guys that had to be. You guys have a little a frame of whiteboards from it. Right? It would have to be a little clipboard with a piece of paper and you write on it. This is where you do squats. Otherwise, they're not going to remember. So so these are the practical things that you have to think about. And set it up in a way where people are not running into each other. Set it up in a way where there's not like three back to back to back leg exercises. Or, you know, just stuff like that. So think you think practical, think about the timing, think about our people going to remember every station. I can already tell you they're not. So do those things so that, because here's the thing. When people are going around and they go to the next station, they don't know where's supposed to go. And when they get there, they don't know what they're going to do. They hate your class. They hate your class and they're going to tell their friends, don't go to that class. So just make sure that people can set it up. It's set up so that people have a good experience. Love it. Next question. What is the best way to break the ice and connect with a client? I want to be on their level and ensure that I am there to help them, but also be their friend and not someone who is higher than them. Interesting. I think that's a big assumption. I've had some clients with some pretty big ego themselves. So I don't think any of them were assuming that I was higher than them. I can think of a few that probably assumed the other by the way. So I think that's a big assumption. But you don't have to act like an expert or anything. It's I think it's simple to say in hello. Now if you need tactics, if you work in a gym, one of the best I ever seen was the guy Ricky Ortiz. He actually participated in our bootcamp at one point. But he would grab a stack of towels and just walk around the cardio and say, hey, did you need a towel? And sometimes I was at the hand of a towel that said, thank you, then he move on. But now the ice is broken. They're not like having a long conversation, but ice is broken. Sometimes it would be more of a conversation because then it would turn into how you like in that workout. Oh, did you know I'm running a class? You can come check it out. Please do. Or whatever. But you know, it can be just as simple as is handing out towels or whatever the case maybe because you are at the end of the day, just trying to break the ice. Not make a sale in this sale. Just just break the ice. I love that example, John. That's a great one. I used to do that when I worked in big box gyms. I'd walk around and if you noticed somebody's water was empty or they were at the end of their water bottle, hey, when we talk that off for you, so you don't have to get off the machine and go fill out their water and bring it back. I do that with my athletes all the time. Hey, your water is empty. You want me to go fill it up and they're like, thank you. And again, if your goal is just to break the ice, I just, I don't want anything from you. Hi, or just as simple as walking past and making eye contact. John, that's huge. A lot of people walk by and they're like, oh, I don't want people to feel uncomfortable. They're only like, you're making uncomfortable. By being weird, being an awkward turtle. Right. So when you walk past people, smile and you don't you don't have to have a conversation just like, hi, good morning, good morning, and then keep walking, but at least they can say like John said, now when they have a question, or they're like, oh, I'm looking for somebody and I need something and they see you because they've said, hi, do you every morning that they're in there? They're probably going to walk over to you and be like, hey, so and so I have a question. I'm so, you know, they'll introduce themselves now. Does that make sense? Yeah. So I love this question. John, I love the way you explain that. That's a great example, but it doesn't have to be complicated. It really doesn't just say hi, smile, make eye contact. Yeah, I think that's the point. It doesn't have to be complicated. Make it simple. Oh, Jenny, we did it. Did we just do almost an hour of office hours after hours? We did, but these are really good questions. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm glad we got to them. But again, hopefully this is useful for you all and hopefully the the YouTube part of it is also useful for you. However, you're trying to take in the information. It should be there for you guys soon and you guys can use it over and over again or maybe there's a question that we answered that was particularly relevant or refer back to it because this information's for you all. Hopefully it has helped for Jenny any last words before we get out of here. phenomenal questions. You guys keep asking questions because we love to help you and when you guys are sending in questions, be a specific as possible. Because sometimes, John and I, we don't quite know what you guys are asking. So, I read your questions out loud as you submit them and make sure that it's like what I like to call complete sentences. So we know exactly what you guys are asking and we can give you more specific answers because some of them we just kind of keep it general because we are quite sure or we have follow up questions. But if there's anything that we want to, you guys want to dig deeper into, send those questions our way and we'd love to answer them for you. All right. Well, I have a feeling we'll be doing this again real soon with the amount of questions we can get in. But thanks again everyone. We'll see you next time. All right, guys. See you soon.

=== FILE: ISSA Office Hours： After Hours ｜ Episode 5 ｜ Week of September 6, 2024 [4Ga0AdN9wk0].txt ===

Well, hello, John, welcome back for another episode of Office hours, to our so many good questions, we couldn't get to them all. Yeah, or maybe we're rusty, maybe we didn't get through them fast enough. But no, I do think there was a lot of questions. And we'd rather not rush through our answers, so this gives us an opportunity to speak on a few of these things. And again, some of them are really good questions, so they deserve some time. Absolutely, I agree with that, John. We don't want to rush through our answers, and plus everybody always has good follow up questions. And we really seek for you guys to really understand this information. And we want to make sure we're answering your eyes as questions, so keep them coming in. But John, we've got a handful of quite a few, big handful of questions that we didn't get to last week, which was the week of September 6th, week ending September 6th. So it is now September 9th, Monday, when John and I are recording this, hopefully this will be out for you guys by the 10th or the 11th, so you guys can check it out. And hopefully hear your question if you didn't hear it on Friday. But John, you're ready to dive into some of the questions. These are all from the CPT office hours on Friday, the 6th of September. Yeah, let's go. All right, well, I'll kick us off. Where we left off here, John. There's a question that says, is it better to work out of one gym and direct clients to a familiar space or to be flexible and allow clients to work out at a gym of their choosing? So I have a couple questions to follow up with this one, because when we say a gym of their choosing, I don't know what that means, because generally speaking you guys, if you are training clients, especially if you're taking money for it, you should be employed by the place that you are training them at. Either employ that or have some kind of contract or relationship with them, where you have an agreement to be in that space. Does that make sense? Because most fitness facilities have their own trainers. And if you come in, say I voted John's gym, right? John has his own set of trainers that work there. People can sign up with them. I show up with my client Susan. And we start working out, right? I may or may not be working out with Susan, same thing you guys, it's still a like, frowned upon. Okay, but if I'm training Susan, and it clearly looks like I'm training Susan, or we're working out together, and I'm clearly directing Susan, that's an issue, right? I could get kicked out. We could both get kicked out. They could cancel my membership there, whatever it may be. So it's generally frowned upon to train clients in a space where you do not work, or do not have a relationship or a contract with them to do so. Does that make sense? Now, if you're training if John wants to, Susan wants to go train in her garage, that's another story, right? Or Susan wants to go train in the park. That's another story. Susan wants to go train in a community center where they don't have trainers, and they said it's okay that we do that. That's another story. So there's no wrong answer here. It's, do you have the right permissions to be training in certain spaces? I would, if it's a space that's not yours or replace that you don't work at. I would just make yourself known and ask the question, what do I need to do in order to bring Susan here to train? Anything you would add for that, John? Yeah, I think this is something that gets misunderstood. A lot of me because I think on the trader side, sometimes it feels innocent enough, but you're actually imposing on another business. And you're taking advantage of something that that business has worked toward, work for, invested in, et cetera. My common example I use for this is if you went into a subway sandwich, and then you just set up on one of the tables, and you start making some penninis for sale. I think you'd understand that subway sandwich would be like, hey, you can't have you in here making your penninis. And kind of the same way, you can't go into another fitness business and run your own business in there. Yeah, I love that example, and I make so much sense in here like that, but people don't equate the two. So yeah, so great question. It depends on where you're training them. You're going to have a lot of fun trying to be able to be there. Do you work there? Or is it just a free-for-off space? So that would kind of dictate your answer to that one. Cool. Yeah. And you know, another way I'm interpreting that question is, you know, it's a better than to just have one place that you work or try to work in multiple places. And it could be better either way depending on how you do it. But more often than not, especially when you're newer, it's better to just do well in the one place, put your focus in one place, because you might end up spending a lot of time just on the road and traveling, going to people's home gyms or maybe they just don't have much stuff. Maybe you don't have much stuff to bring. So it's it's it's it's it brings its own set of challenges when you're having to bounce all over the place. And it can be a lot. I mean, but you might like it. And if you're charging a premium for the travel and all that, because if you're driving it like half an hour to get to someone, that should be a part of the charge. Then then good. That could be a good way to do it. But having to bounce all over town, especially if you live somewhere busy, can make it tough. All right, next question, can you train other body parts, if say a leg was injured, should you just keep training up a body? Very timely, because I have a little injury going on. So first off, if like, let's just say, you're not 100%. And, but you know, there's still things you can do, then I think for the most part, I'd say, yeah, do that. Do them, because you don't want to have like, you're one foot injury, all of a sudden, mean that now the rest of your body's ruined. That's not, that's not what it means. But you could still take care of yourself. You're just going to have to alter the way that you approach your training. I currently have a hip issue. So, you know, the hip is a major joint, so that gets in the way of doing something. So I'm not out there playing a bunch of pickup basketball or anything like that. But I still train regularly. And then some of my hip-based exercises are not so loaded, not so heavy, not so fast. I'm still making sure that I move my hips in order to make sure that they don't tighten up even further. But all I've done is alter my training program rather than, you know, forego it. Yeah, I agree with that. And also, I would dare say it depends on the type of injury or the issue with your leg, right? So some injuries, especially if it's recent, you might need to have your like elevated, right? One of my, I was using the example, one of my clients just had as a QE's rupture and six weeks post-op. But in the first two or three weeks, he couldn't do a lot of stuff where his leg was down. He needed to have it at 90 degrees or from his hip or elevated. So that changes what you can and cannot do. It doesn't that. So you need to pay attention to any restriction. Somebody might have like that depending on the injury. Awesome. Okay. Next question here. For someone who has high blood pressure who's taking an anti-hypertensive medication is weight lifting, recommended. What changes should we make to their exercise program compared to an individual without high blood pressure? Love this question. There's a whole chapter in your course by the way you guys on special populations. And we talk about common chronic health conditions that clients might have. High-pretension is one of them. So what I'm telling you is all of this information I'm about to go over is absolutely in your course textbook. So definitely take a look. Okay. But it starts with understanding what is hypertension. It's chronic high blood pressure depending on who you ask 140 over 90, 130 over 90 or above. Depending on who you ask what organization you go through. But it's elevated blood pressure. Well, what is blood pressure? It's the pressure in your blood vessels when your heart is pumping. Right? Contracting relaxing systolic diastolic systolic diastolic. Okay. So when we understand that basic concept, what what system does high blood pressure impact? Your cardiovascular system, your heart and your lungs. Okay. So that can help you understand what changes you should make for someone who has high blood pressure. Right? First of all, doctor's clearance. Are they cleared for physical activity? You might want to get that in writing and their doctor can also tell you if there's any limitations that this person should adhere to because every person will be individual. So I would strongly suggest getting a doctor's note with listing of limitations that this person might have. Something to consider though, holding their breath. What does that do to your blood pressure? Bearing down. It raises your blood pressure. If your blood pressure is already high, probably not the best idea. So breathe freely. Right? The intensity that we work at, the higher the intensity, that harder your heart is pumping, the higher your blood pressure goes kind of makes sense. So we might need to reduce the intensity that we're working at moderate to lighter intensities. It doesn't mean they can't exercise. We know exercise is good for a cardiovascular system. But we just don't need to do super high intensity stuff. Okay. So reduce the intensity of our training. We need to make sure we're including a warm up and a cool down to prepare their cardiovascular system for activity and then help it recover from that activity kind of an overage. And then also body position matters. Okay. Body position matters. Going from a lying to a standing or lying to a seated or seated to a standing position. So changing body position frequently. What does that do to your blood pressure? For some people who makes it go up, for some people who makes it go down. Bottom line is it changes your blood pressure. Okay. Things where you go up and down, up and down, like burpees. Probably not a good idea. Or modify it where you're not that up and down is not so severe, right? So you can do them on an incline, for example. But the example I always give for this to close us out guys. If somebody has high blood pressure and they're doing a bench press, cool. They can lay down. Well, instead of having them sit up or stand up in between their sets, why don't we just have them lay in that position. Don't move. Stay there. Maybe do another movement in that same body position. Lying supine on the bench. And then finish all of your sets before you have them change their body position. Do you see how simple that can be? But it starts with understanding what is the condition, what system are we talking about and how does that system impacted. Okay. So great question. But yes, this is all in your textbook. When utilizing your hips, but to use as a trainer as a whole, combining all the knowledge of a master trainer with six certifications. Is it safe to use all forms of specialization to help your client or should you just focus on one way of training? So this is an interesting question. And I'll first start up by saying this, it depends on the specializations you have, but because your client might not need all of your knowledge. They might not need everything that you have. You know, Jenny and I have a million certifications between us and our clients maybe need some of that information and not all of it, right? Like I used to teach a lot of people how to run in coaches. So I could do a pretty good job teaching someone how to run. But if that's not something that they're looking for or something that they need, then they just wouldn't. Then we just wouldn't do it. So it's not, it's not that you're limiting your your services by limiting how much information you're giving them. You have to understand what they want and what they want to achieve. And that will dictate, you know, what what areas of a focus and what areas of your expertise you will use. So so really that's it. Now there are some things that are general, right? Like, like nutrition is a topic that can be talked about with everyone because everyone eats and everyone can probably learn a little something about how to eat better. But again, in my example of running as a specialization, not everyone's going to need that. So so it really does depend. So congratulations on being a masterful trainer, but your clients will not need all of your information. Yep, you know, I love that. All right, next one, John. How long should I go into the field and shadow someone before I actually start to know what you're doing? Before I actually start personal training yourself. So meeting shadow somebody get information gets an experience before we start taking on your own clients. There is no one answer to this. Some people are fine just going out there and figuring it out and starting on their own. Some people might need a little bit more guidance or walk that structure of shadowing a mentor. So there's I don't really have one answer for this, right? It depends on each of you guys and how much guidance or time you feel that you need to kind of get comfortable with what you're doing. But also know recognize you guys when you start a new career, right? When you go into something that you've never done before. Doesn't matter what it is, you could be a garbage person now, right? Or you could be going into banking or something, right? If you've never done it before, there's going to be a learning curve, right? You're going to go into it with whatever base knowledge you have of that thing, right? You guys all have your certification or are working on it. You're going to have that base knowledge. Well, we recognize that every situation that you come across is not going to necessarily be straight out of a textbook. So you might have to do some critical thinking or go back to the drawing board, take some notes and kind of figure some stuff out as you go. So just know that that's going to be with any career. So don't expect to go into anything knowing everything. Nobody does. No doctor in the lawyer, no teacher, no fitness professional, has ever gone into their career, knowing everything that they need to know. So don't set that expectation for yourself because you're no different, right? You're going to know what you know. And then you're going to learn along the way. So be okay with that, be okay with being like, oh, that didn't work. What do I do now, right? But yeah, so if you need to shadow somebody if you want to shadow somebody and take a mentor. Absolutely. By all means, please do it. But how long you need to do that that completely depends on you and at what point you feel comfortable and ready to go there and give it that old college. Try for yourself. Yeah, and also, shadowing is just like hands on learning, right? So if that never has to end and I still think for a lot of things that we do. Hands on learning, being around someone where you're actually seeing it being done or maybe being taught how to do something. It is one of the best things you can do for yourself. So so it doesn't have to end what's we start becoming a trainer. Next question, when teaching hinge movements, is it best to demonstrate without weights first? Maybe, I mean, they just have to see the movement pattern, understand the movement pattern and then be able to do the movement pattern. So if you're talking about for your client, if you want them to learn the movement pattern first without weights, then maybe or maybe start, it certainly makes sense to start light, right? You don't want the heaviness of it to get in the way of them being able to perform the movement correctly in the first place. That's why you would start slow you would start light. So again, it doesn't have to necessarily be without weight, but I would probably start not heavy and not fast, so that we can learn the movement properly. And then as far as the hip hinge, there's different techniques, different tools that you can use in order to make sure the hinge is happening correctly. But yeah, so you don't have to demonstrate without weights, but I would keep it slow and low weight at first and just make sure that the movement is happening correctly and then you can move on up. All right, next up, when planning workouts and the person's goal is to build muscle wouldn't all work out to help with building muscle or would it be more based off of what the client is eating. So I like this question and when you say all workouts, I'm not quite sure what that means, but are you saying like basically doing anything can build muscle? Not necessarily, right, chapter 12 is all about resistance training and your textbook you guys there's four primary goals that you can achieve with resistance, right, we have building muscle size, right, so that's what we're talking about on this one. But you can also increase muscle strength, the amount of force that muscle can create muscle endurance, the ability to do more work without fatiguing and also muscle power creating maximum forces quickly as possible. Okay, but each of those goals you'll notice the variables are slightly different how we go about achieving each of those adaptations those four things that we can achieve in resistance training is different. So no all workouts just doing anything will not necessarily build muscle the variables need to be correct and I'll tell you as somebody who says very much experience with building muscle and John and I study this ad Nazium. We can tell you that it's not that it's easy, but it's not as complicated as people like to make it think make it seem okay building muscles built on training volume and the science supports anywhere from 20 to 30 sets of exercise to. Two one or two reps in reserve so almost fatigue which most people don't achieve by the way, but almost to fatigue on a muscle group each week is the training volume that you need. Okay, and then of course the load can matter it can be moderate weights it can be heavier weights it can be lighter weights but the goal is to go close to fatigue they call it one to two reps in reserve meaning I could only do one or two more reps and then I would have been completely tapped out. That's what each set needs to go to so if you're using a lighter weight do you recognize that you're going to get a whole lot more reps to get to the point where you only have one or two left in the tank. If you're using a heavier weight it's probably not going to be as many reps so there's no wrong answer. What are you doing today what do you feel like right but it's your my training volume and reps in reserve or driving to fatigue. Okay, so as long as you're workout fits those parameters and you're getting the volume that you need again 20 to 30 sets on a muscle group will drive fatigue per week. If you're not getting 20 to 30 sets 20 minimum. You're just getting maybe getting stronger maybe building some endurance but you're not going to necessarily build muscle size but as far as what a client's eating nutrition absolutely matters. Right, so you guys tell me hopefully you're yelling at the screen to build muscle do you need to be in a calorie deficit or a surplus more calories or less calories. Hopefully you're yelling at the screen more right so your nutrition does matter your overall calorie intake needs to be above your maintenance calories whatever that is which means you need to probably estimate that. Figure what figure that out or at least get a ballpark because you need to be consuming more calories than your maintenance in order to build muscle along with your training. Okay, and then yes the focus should probably be on protein which is an important structural component of every cell in your body but especially muscle tissue. Carbohydrates help us replenish our energy systems right that's very important for all of our cells as well. So the balance of your macro nutrients if you're getting that granular you're looking at detailed not everybody needs to but if you are you can probably look at what you're doing and see where your protein is falling that probably the first thing I would look at and then make small adjustments from there. Okay, so hopefully that helps for the again chapter 12 talks all about the four goals the four adaptations that we can achieve with resistance training a stronger recommend checking that out. Next question if the preparation is exactly the same as the online open book exam wondering if there's additional material I should cover in preparation. For the NCCA exam or the accredited exam and my basic answer is. Not having no not really I mean it's still coming from the same text it's coming from the same information it's just that your preparation is going to have to be such that you're ready for you you versus the test because the online open book exam you have your notes you have your. You're looking at the same thing as the online open book. Exactly so so again you'll you'll you'll have to prepare in a way where you don't have access to additional information but. But yeah as far as the that what the topics you need to know about. The same and yet the the outline for the NCCP T exam can be found at nccp t dot com if you really that interesting. Indeed yeah a lot of people like to share that one john on our Facebook page there is a content out loud and you guys on the out lays out exactly what you need to know for the test and it's right there online you can Google and CCP T content outline and it'll pop up it's free of charge on the website. All right next question here john how is AI changing the way personal training can be performed and can it help us in any way. The cool thing is guys we just literally like an hour ago recorded a podcast episode on this and we talk about it almost every week now because it is important to understand. Artificial intelligence and how it could potentially help us. So I'm not going to give you guys too much information on this one john might have some things to add but definitely check out the podcast episode keep an eye out should be out in the next couple weeks so towards the end of September early October. Okay on AI because it's constantly evolving right it's it's it's big it's becoming bigger and we need to know how to use it if you want to but at least be familiar with it. But is it changing the way personal training can be performed so the first thing I'll point out yes our clients or people out there in the world can go on and give a prompt to an AI generator and say hey create me a workout at this gym with this equipment this many days a week for this school and it'll give them information sure. Some of them I've seen some of them they're pretty good but that is that can help somebody actually go do it is that can answer their questions that they have about how do I do this exercise specifically no. It's not going to eliminate the need for us because there's still going to be questions are still going to be people that need to be motivated and change their behaviors and look at other elements versus just having a workout plan when they walk into the gym. So I'm not scared that it's going to take our jobs away because it's not. It's just helping people get to information a little bit easier which I love I love that but one thing we talked about with our guests today Scott on our podcast he said using AI to help you with the things that you don't enjoy necessarily doing like I love programming but I don't like writing Facebook poster Instagram posts or writing emails. You can use AI to help you with the things that you don't enjoy as much or maybe don't do as often as you should and then if you enjoy programming do your own programming. Don't rely on AI for that right it can help you do things faster it can save you time especially as you get to the point where you have lots and lots of clients that's awesome. But then as you get more clients the times bed doing all the administrative stuff right engaging with people responding to people's questions writing your programming that time also grows as well. You can use these tools to help you save time as you get more and more clients as well. So definitely keep an eye out for that episode coming out very soon on AI John anything you want to add anything is stood up about the AI stuff for you. Yeah like you know there's a lot more to our job of being a personal trainer than the actual training part right there's the. The business side the sales the marketing the administration of your of your business and I it sounded like there was going to be a lot of ways or there are a lot of ways in which you can help that process. Whether it be the creative part of the marketing process or the tracking part of your business it sounds like there's a lot of really cool tools in order to help you manage your business so. So yeah I'm no expert we're we're still kind of learning but I think it's something to pay attention to for sure. Next question how can I get my name more out there to the people in my gym so I can build more clientele. And how can I be targeted as a trustable and reputable trainer so I'm going to go old school on this. Like how many people at your gym I mean I guess you're asking the question how do I get more people to gym to know me well. Go introduce yourself be around be present. Um, and if if you want to be known as a trustable and reputable service provider in your gym then presence is going to be one of the best things you can do for yourself now you can be a little bit more strategic about it and maybe. Who knows like sometimes you work in gyms and sometimes someone is running a body fat testing table or something like that and. That can be a way just for you to meet people some people will want to take the body fat test somewhat but at least they'll start to see you you'll maybe have an interaction I have a good workout etc. And and that's the start of it. Um, you can't expect that your first interaction with everyone is going to be instantly oh you know that's a trustable and reputable trainer right there. Your first interaction might just be like hey how's it going have a great workout and that's it but over time that's how trust gets built right it doesn't usually happen right away so I would say a be present. Have some strategies if you if you work in a gym and there are other people there are a fitness manager there they may have some strategies in place that that they like to use or just create some strategies you can do it fun maybe you want. Some sort of contest be the trainer and pushups. I don't know I mean just just something to gain interaction with people. I think a good way to kind of start that process and just know that it will be a process in order to build your reputation in your trust because it doesn't happen overnight. Agreed yeah awareness is the first step right for most things for business for getting people to know who you are all of that they have to know that you're there in the first place so I love your first point John just be there. Right sometimes just being there with your your you know you're out fit on walking around you're always that trainer that's picking up weights or cleaning stuff or any people towels. Hey which like tell hey you're like tell you're not asking for anything right but they know that you're there. So when they need something oh this person gives me a towel every day let me go ask them a question. Right answer their question next thing they might ask you something more right can we do a training session because I want to do more right so that's how it starts I love that John. All right we got two more next one how much does this course help someone like a repute a wrestling coach with setting an independent team for non scholastic combat sports. How much does this course help someone like a wrestling coach with setting an independent team and not sure I understand this question. So I'm wondering if they're asking about training somebody for non combat sports what would you say to I'm not sure that I understand it's is non scholastic combat sports so let's just look at the question this way. How much does this course help someone like a wrestling coach and I'll just stop right there. With the rep as a wrestling coach well that's a little bit sport specific right so I would encourage somebody who is a wrestling coach the CPT is going to be a great foundation. But you probably want to go into something more specific like striping conditioning to get more on the strength and conditioning aspect of sport. Generally speaking though we can take what we know generally as a fitness professional about human movement about muscles by body region right about the movements that are by the can make about how we move about the cardiovascular system and training that. Flexibility strength training resist like all these things and we can put that together right if we understand the fundamental movements or needs of a wrestler. The path what are the movements that they need to be able to master right what are the things that they do in their sport and then train those things. If they're and then there's a seasonality to it which again you dig deeper into something like strength and conditioning where are they off season are they preseason about to start their season are they in season they're actually wrestling are they post season right there's different depending on where they're at in their season it will tell you what type of training they may or may not be doing and it also depends on how long that phase of their training is. How you program it and what you program so we can use our basic knowledge to understand the the fundamental movements and needs of a wrestler and train those things. But I think there might be more to learn in something like strength and conditioning where it goes deeper into performance. Yeah agreed. You know depending on what age you know I had coaches growing up that were just a teacher or someone's parent that was nice enough to coach so of course like this can just help you to just understand some of the basics. Of how exercise works right I mean it's unless you're training elite athletes you know that that gets a little bit different but if you if you are going to be a coach and you're. Usually the coaches doing a lot of the physical training with their team to keep them in quote unquote shape. Well if you understand some of the basics now you'll be able to make good use of that time rather than just randomly doing stuff to get tired which is. I guess normally what we did when I was younger when again we were working with with coaches that didn't know any better. Yep. Next and last question based on experience rather than science. I don't know why I would do one just one instead of the other but that's maybe that's me. But based on experiences there are way to create a base fitness program that is easily adaptable to a variety of clients. Yes answer is yes. I mean if you you know I don't know if they still do them on late night videos where you can order like CDs for workouts but those are oftentimes. Base fitness programs that are pretty easily adaptable so yeah you totally can and maybe you have like some philosophy. So or basic things like. You know like a daily mobility routine that you think is good for most of your clients and then sure that there's nothing wrong with that like so you'll hear me and Jenny say don't train them all of your people exactly the same way. And there's definitely reason for that because different people will have different goals they'll have different workout history et cetera. But yeah you can make base fitness programs to deserve a lot of different clients at the end of the day most of us you know have two arms two legs and and a lot of us live similar lifestyles and that a lot of people are pretty centerry sit down all day so I mean you can make you there are assumptions that you can make but at some point especially if you're working with someone one on one then you're you're training is going to have to go a little bit more specific to them. The second part of that question was do you find it easier to create programs individually instead and I wouldn't call it easier I would just say in some cases you're relationship with a with a one on one client it's going to necessitate it so. I think as a business proposition it's it's not uncommon you'll see this online where people do offer. They're easily adaptable based program and then if you'd like to upgrade to my more personalized programs then you can contact me here so I mean it's it could be a good tool. Yeah I agree with that and all and by saying one thing I always tell everybody if you're going to create something that like John said like if you're in an online thing where you're like hey have this eight week program geared towards whatever whatever the goal is weight loss most of the whatever. Yes you can start with a base program right the simple basic list maybe some accessory lifts to go along with it some general cardio recommendations depending on what the goal is. But at some point if you want everybody to be successful and therefore stick with the program and potentially after that eight weeks stay with you. Because getting going out and finding new clients all the time I'm telling you now is exhausting if you can get people to re sign up because they enjoyed it so much they got results from it that's the key people like results right at some point say I got 30 people to sign up for my eight week program at some point early on in that program you better schedule some time to touch base with even if it's just 10 or 15 minutes on a phone call or a zoom right to touch base with every single person that signed up introduce yourself John thank you so much for signing up for my program I love that you're with me. Tell me a little bit about yourself. I want to make sure that I can make any small tweaks to the program to fit you and then get to know that person and find out what exactly this person needs and again it doesn't need to be to our conversations. It could be hey I'm doing 15 minute time slots here's a invite for my calendar. Right. That's a really cool platform that you can use to schedule things right. Put your openings in there there 15 minute windows with five minute breaks in between and ask everybody that participated. Hey in the next two weeks I need you to sign up for one of these time slots right leave it on them sign up for one of these time slots and I'll give you a call and we'll talk through your goals so I can make sure to tweet this program or give you some more information on how to execute this program so that you get results. But now do you see how you just made that personal without having to take up two to two months of your time you're going to guarantee you're hopefully you're going to get people results right now you've introduced yourself it made it a lot more personal because now John and I have met each other right and the chances of that person signing up and continuing on with you which is the goal right you don't want just one time clients who are like add that sucked or let it do it. Right, that's going to get you more clients more money they're going to talk to their friends about it right and share other people with that and now you're going to start getting all the user for rolls now your group of 30 for your next eight weeks became 45. The next eight weeks it became 70 do you see what do you see what just happened there. Okay, so I'm not saying this is easy like John said this is not easy but it's not that complicated is it. Okay, I love that question that's a good one to end on John anything else want to add on that. Is that again anything else you want to add on that one. No, you know, the reason I answered the way that I answered is because sometimes the basic answer is like no everything's got to be personalized but it depends on the context what are you trying to do with a based program and if it's an attention get her for you to kind of get your name out there. Or to offer something for free, which is I think it's a good way a good entry point to maybe meeting new potential clients is offer them something first before you ask them for something and you know I think it can be a good tool for building your business. I mean, I love it. Great questions you guys this is why we do these office hours after hours so we can make sure to get to some really great questions like these you guys thank you for sending me's in keep them coming we will get this posted a sap for you guys and we look forward to seeing you this week in the live sessions John any last words for this period today. No great questions keep them coming. Absolutely so have a good day you guys happy studying happy training we'll see you soon. Bye everybody. Thank you.

=== FILE: ISSA Office Hours： After Hours ｜ Episode 6 ｜ September 20, 2024 [HwWRMcG3TEs].txt ===

John, we're back so many great questions last Friday, the 20th of September that we had to come back and do some more office hours after hours. How are you today? I'm good. I'm good. We don't want to leave you guys hanging. There are plenty of good questions that are worth us answering, not just for the question to ask her, but you know for everyone else. So hopefully our answer to these questions will lead you to some good answers or maybe some different direction in the course or your career. Yes, so this year first time joining us for office hours after hours first of all welcome and welcome to our YouTube page. This is where we post these. This is gonna be I believe our fourth episode of after hours. So every Thursday and Friday depending on whether you're in the nutrition course for Thursdays or the CPT course for Fridays. We do an open office hours where we get to answer all of your guys's questions and when we have more questions that we can answer in that hour like John said. We want to make sure that we're answering your guys's questions and not just for the people asking the questions, but the answers to these questions could potentially benefit all of you guys. So we preserve some time the following Monday, which is today to answer the left of your questions and then we'll make sure to get this live on our YouTube page. We'll make sure you guys go and check out so you have everything that you need. So John, why don't you kick us off with one of the questions that we did not get to last Friday. All right, so the question says, I hear a lot about sauna or ice recovery. So basically using heat or cold for the purpose of recovery. How do ice and sauna work as recovery on our body is ice and flammatory for the muscles? How does sauna work physiologically? I know they're not for everyone. How do they help? So okay, so a lot of questions and you know this this platform isn't for us to go way in depth on all of these things, but cold water immersion and heat through like sauna or maybe steam, but usually sauna and there's infrared sunas are some of the inflammation that you create in your body inflammation has turned into a bad word, but sometimes we're supposed to be inflamed. If you just worked out you're supposed to have some inflammation and that's part of what causes some of the responses your body will have to potentially give you results. So you wouldn't want to dumb down that that inflammation. Right away. So again, just kind of understanding some of the some of the why the wind how a lot of us you can learn in our recovery course we do have a recovery course and then there's there's other sources information podcasts we've had a couple of great people on the podcast talk about ice and heat. I'm sure something we'll talk about again because it's pretty prevalent. But yeah, that can be very useful tools they're not the answer to everything like they're like you know it is kind of presented online it like cold plunging is turned into like it's own like lifestyle for some people. And I don't know if it needs to be that but it is a useful tool. Absolutely. I think that last sentence you guys that John just said is super super important it is a tool right it can be used to help improve blood flow or help with physical recovery so that you can go back and do what you need to do and continue to get your training volume in or whatever. There's I would argue that there's other things that most people probably need to focus on first before they start thinking about advanced recovery techniques like cold water immersion or sauna or anything like that right so think of some of the big ones sleep. That's kind of important not only are you getting enough sleep, but is it quality sleep right that's probably something that's more impactful for most people hydration. Are they adequately hydrated for for their activity level for their environment, et cetera their nutrition right and then are they training appropriately right so I would say there right there is four things that maybe most people probably need to maybe let's look at these things and make sure that these things are in order before we start worrying about supplements and recovery techniques and things like that because like John said it's not a magic bullet just because you do cold water immersion or just people. Because you do sauna doesn't mean you're automatically going to get these results there's other things that need to be in order as well. So love that you guys are interested in this kind of stuff, but let's focus on the big for first, but definitely do some research there's tons of information out there about a lot of these recovery methods like John said. So start digging started doing some research and if you're interested there are certifications available for this very thing. So great question John, I like that and while well answered I like that. Thank you, but you know by the way, I might be cold plunging and sauna today as a matter of fact I'm going to a new place to have all that stuff so I might I'll definitely do the sauna the cold I'll let you know. Right I know John is done cold plunging far more than I have I am a big fan of the sun and John I will do sauna every day. But that brings up another great point about these techniques you guys that John they make sense right if cold plunging could be the best thing in the world for sub an individual. But if it's something that they do once and are like yeah that sucked I don't really want to do that again and then they never really do it do you see how it doesn't matter. Because if you can't do it consistently you're not going to get the benefits from it regardless of what those benefits are and I know personally I have called plunged maybe twice John and I am not a fan so it's not something I will do regularly it's not something I'm going to force myself to do because just I don't enjoy it it's not fun for me but again sauna I'll do it all the time so I can find out more about the benefits of sauna how that would benefit me personally and I absolutely make use of that I don't mind being hot but making myself cold for no reason. Hard mess. All right our next question here it's that John in your experience how would you handle when a client gives you push back or attitude. Interesting question I have follow questions right so I'd want to know what you mean by push back. I just asking questions and maybe you don't know the answers to the questions or are they saying no I don't want to do this both of those we could work around right so if they're asking questions and you don't know the answer to the questions well then you might want to start learning maybe and figure out the answers to those questions so you can provide them and it's okay to say you know John I don't know let me get back to you. Right hopefully it's not about your programming though because if you wrote something down for programming you should have a reason for writing it down so you should have those answers already done but it is normal that our clients might ask us something where you're like oh I don't know if I have an answer for that. Right that's one form of push back but maybe it's just because you aren't aware of the answer but if it's somebody when they were talking about push back here John if somebody says I don't like this no John I'm not going to do that. I don't know that that's really push back that's them giving you feedback right that's that's a great opportunity to say well tell me more what about this do you not like why are we choosing not to do this. Right maybe get some more information and maybe this hurts their joints or they just don't they have PTSD from like elementary school with this whatever it is. They might have a reason for saying no I don't want to do that so I would question whether it's push back or feedback right and then attitude. I also want to know what that means to because hopefully you get to know your clients hopefully you guys build a relationship with them. So attitude I don't know what that really means like is it sass because again ask questions what what is this I'm sensing from you right. Where is this coming from are you mad at me right now like how can I change this for you I would ask questions so in my experience to answer this question how do you handle it when a client gives you push back or attitude. I would handle it with asking questions right I wouldn't take it personally but maybe it's something that I'm doing or the way that we're going about something that they just don't like and this is the way it manifests for them but if we don't ask to find out what is it that's truly going on or what is it that you dislike about what's happening right now. I feel like we can't really respond without that information would you actually want to know your opinion on this one John would you agree or do you have something else say. I would say it depends depends what you mean by push but I've never had someone say like John your terrible you suck like I've never had so I've never had to deal with that. But you know on one hand like as a coach we we we say we should encourage people to ask questions right well some people we don't have to encourage they're going to ask. So sometimes you know it's an ego thing for us trainers like why is this person questioning my techniques or why are they questioning my programming but maybe they just want to know they want to know why am I doing this this way. And you know maybe that's a little bit more challenging but it's a good way for you to be able to provide them with the answers that they're that they're looking for it is nice when clients do everything you say and like yeah you're the trainer I'll do whatever you say that's nice because it makes you're job really easy right. But sometimes some people want to know a little bit more I would be one of those clients if you had me do something that I I'm not used to doing or doing it in a different way I might ask so why are we doing it that way. And you know that that's just me looking for information now again I can't speak to every person not every client is going to be great some clients are tough and some clients are are going to have quote unquote attitude like the like the question said. You're best off like Jenny said asking some questions trying to get down to the bottom of what's going on and worst case scenario you and your client are not a good fit. And if that's the case okay there's other clients I mean it's probably a bad experience for you too if. You know if if the client doesn't seem to like the experience so you know it's it's okay to part way sometimes when it's not a good fit but like Jenny said I think it's good to ask questions when your your client seems to have some push back or some attitude. All right what you got next here says I currently work in a gym and when I tell my group to do a certain exercise I noticed that some of them can't do it correctly or just can't do it at all. My question is what can I say to make them feel not so bad for not being able to do that exercise I want them to stay confident. So. Typically when you're teaching groups you want to make sure that you're not choosing overly complicated exercise in the first place so I'll start there and then whatever exercise you give. Exercise you give you oftentimes want to give like two or three versions so that people can kind of pick which version is the right one for that meaning like the basically easiest to the medium one and the hardest one right. And then there's different ways in which you can go about giving. Feedback to clientele in a group setting depending on how large the group is here's the main two that I used there's the big coaching voice or like okay everyone do this do that your your your coaching. Everyone and then you get near that client and you get in and you say hey you know if you can straighten out those feet a little bit that'd be great things so again quiet you just get to that client give them a little coaching or. Let's just say you have someone and this was probably my main go to if someone is doing it great. And I'm just going to highlight great job Jenny great job great job with the speed great job with the direction great job with everything I say loud enough so everyone can hear and then they'll look at themselves and be like. Uh oh I'm not doing that so let me let me be more like Jenny now so. So okay that those were the two ways that I would do. Yes, I agree and for this one. I would also say and somebody we both taught in groups and I still do. If they you notice that people some of them can't do it correctly when you start teaching groups whether you know the people in the group or not no matter how long they've been doing this class. If it's your first or second or maybe third time there you might want to start by teaching them the movement the way you want them to perform it. I love what you said they're job giving them options but maybe in the beginning like we're doing a squatting movement or a lunging movement maybe the first time it comes up in them exercise you cue how you want it done alright we're going to start upright. We'll take a big step back make sure we're on railroad tracks now to balance being making sure your feet are at least hit with the part here's the option your option is you can hold on or here's the like right and then you give two or three options but you literally demo it and teach it almost every time. Eventually it'll get to the point where you're like alright all of these people have been here with me for months. Okay, we're good everybody good on their lunges. Like John said use your coaching voice right get them engaged hey everybody good on their lunges today. We're feeling good about it and have everybody physically give you some kind of cue that they're good. Alright let's go you know what I'm looking for and then I still give my cues right railroad tracks not about being right whatever those cues are that you're using. But I like what you said they're done giving people options and and don't always start with the easy one and say if you want to make it harder right the way you say it makes a difference because then what if that person's doing the easy version and everybody else is doing the harder version they're going to feel some kind of way about it right why not start with the way you ideally want it to be done option you can do it this way option you can try this and don't label it as easier easiest hardest et cetera option. Right I love that anything else that came to mind for this one John. You know let's let's just say out loud a couple of our couple of other common ways we say things in a group setting so that everyone gets gets the point and maybe gets a couple maybe a couple of pointers if you want to teach some groups. So when I would teach I would give like three different options of exercise I wouldn't necessarily say easy medium hardest here to the three versions right it would be obvious. You know if one is just a squat where your feet stay on the ground and the other one you're jumping it's clear which one's the harder one right. But I would let them know all right for each interval we got 45 seconds of work you choose which one you want to do and you can switch just do whatever you want just do any of those three but you got 45 seconds of work try to keep it moving. So that way they know the goal is to keep it moving not to just stick with one. And then there's a couple other ones like if you ever teach a large group and someone all of a sudden is leaving the group in the back of your mind is the coach you're like. Uh oh what's going on. So my Q is hey if you for whatever reason you got to leave just leave and try to make eye contact with me and give me a thumbs up if you're good. That way I know they're good because I don't want someone walking off and they got a who knows maybe they're throwing a who knows the throwing up who to I don't know. Because I'm teaching the group I can't stop the class and be like, Jenny are you all right. Okay, you know what I mean. So so I always instructed people if you're leaving if you got to leave or whatever reason just give me a thumbs up so I know we're all good and I'll see you next time. So I mean again, like you have to think differently when you're teaching groups because the experiences different the cues are going to be different. And and that's true for for the coach and for the student so if you're used to one on one like I was I had to learn all these things after having done one on one almost entirely for like seven right years. So I kind of had to learn these things you know kind of as I went and I got some good poinish from other people but you know those are common cues that you want to think about in the group setting. Absolutely yeah, I like that and John some common ones that I would use I have a very different I have a big personality and people that came to my class they knew and they came because I would I had no issues when I coach that orange theory for example at a microphone on I never turned that join off. I would talk to people with the microphone unless I was like right like John said right next to them, but generally I could be across the room and call somebody's name I knew everybody's name in my group and I would call them across the thing and get their attention make I contact with them and then give them a cue from across the room. I had no problem doing that but I also made sure that people especially new people to the group knew that that was the way that I coach because if you don't like that I might not be the instructor for you and that's okay. But this is the way that I run my room so that I'm not running all over the place trying to catch people. But that was just me but I also demoed everything every time and I asked for everybody's attention I's on me I have a demo I's on me here's what we're doing right and I would literally look around the room and make sure everybody's eyes wrong me and if they weren't I would say I'll wait. And then usually if the person next to that person who's like my papering attention right so that's just me but again, find something that makes sense for you that's comfortable for you that's comfortable for your participants and the situation that. You're in but one thing that we always teach right John and this is what I think we'll leave it here consistency right whatever it is that you do your cues the way you go about running your class the way that you warm up your class all these things we talk about being consistent. Not only for you so that you know what the structure is but also for your participants so when they show up they know what to expect from your coaching style they know it to expect generally speaking from your class they know okay when we get here. Oh I'm going to be two minutes late I know we're going to be doing the warm up. Right so they know what to expect when they come in and it's not like oh I don't know what we're doing right it's that competency competency part everybody wants to feel like they know what they're doing and if we have some kind of structure or consistency. And the way we're running things even one on one training right some kind of structure and consistency people walking and sitting alright I have an idea of what's going on. And that makes people feel safe right would you agree with that John. Yeah, I mean there's nothing really there for me to disagree with but that you know as we're moving away from this one hopefully you take away the point that teaching groups different it's a little bit of a different skill set than teaching one on one. Absolutely that's what there's certification for that. Right it's not about the training park that's what you guys are learning as is CPT's it's more about that cue and communication putting together a workout that makes sense picking appropriate exercises like John started the conversation with you'll make sure we're not doing over. Overly complicated things that we can't keep up with etc. Alright John next question here it says say your client is doing great with workouts, but isn't eating how they should be and they get upset about not seeing any progress. What is the correct or nicest way to tell them that why they aren't seeing their progress and know it's because of their feeding habits but they don't seem to understand that. So this would be a conversation right this is why chapter two and your textbook guys the beginning of this course is about communication. So if somebody is not seeing progress they know you know that their nutrition is a big part of why they're not seeing progress. What if you communicate it's a them about their nutrition and how it impacts their progress. Right hopefully that's part of your goal setting conversation helping them be up become aware of the fact that they're nutrition they're sleep by hydration and of course they're training potentially matters. So if they don't understand that and they seem to be getting mad and their nutrition is not where it needs to be. Sounds like we might as gifts something or they might not fully understand how impactful that is. So to me that's a conversation where we sit down and reconfirmed with them do they understand how impactful their nutrition is. Here's some things that I'm noticing that you're doing that might be hindering you not John you're doing this wrong John you're messing this at John you're eating like a poopo. Right it's hey we need I did you to understand that I'm pretty sure it's your nutrition it looks like this is in order this is in order. Let's take a deep look at your nutrition okay I see some things that might be holding your back here's why. Right and just make sure that they're aware that this is causing them issues and at the end of the day all we can do is bring awareness to it and explain to them here's some things that we can do to change this. Whether or not they take those steps or want to take those steps right that's a whole mother story we can't force people to do anything. But bringing awareness to it making sure that they truly understand the impact of their behaviors so in this case nutrition is step one. What we do next well that depends on what stage of changes this client in right are they ready to make the change still thinking about it etc that's why we learn these things. Because the conversations that we have how we go about coaching someone in the different stages of change will absolutely vary person to person. Okay great question. Next question so how much money could be made posting your own boot camp and what's the maximum amount of people I can train the app. I mean we can we can come up with all kinds of things with teaching a large group you can make tons of money I know that's a that's not a specific answer but there's not a specific answer to this. I've known people that used to run something called adventure boot camp and they would have like 50 60 people show up at a time like maybe 10 times a week. For like three or four months out of the year and each one of those people was paying like 199 a month to come to those sessions I remember I did the math once and I was like man I'm blowing it I should be doing that. So it depends now I will also say this though for 50 60 people they had like three or four coaches out there. Which is which is kind of best right if you're trying to give a good experience and this was an outdoor thing and they didn't even bring equipment like they have people bring their own equipment. And then there was there was something that used to do were like if once if someone showed up X amount of times and like two months and they went up prize so there was something kind of cool about it. So it can be a lot it can be a lot now if you're just trying to do more like one person teaching a group like 20 to 30 starts to get. You know it's a lot of people so you have to be pretty organized. And it depends on the space like if you're doing indoors. Then what kind of space do you have at your at the facility that you're working in. You know, do you get to do it in the blue backs room that will give you a little bit of space. So so who do I mean there's there's there's a lot of factors that play into this but if you're running this on your own you would have to consider the space you would have to consider the equipment that that you may have to bring into it or what you're going to ask people to bring into it you're going to have to consider what is it like to program and just. You know keep keep people organized when it's 10 versus 20 versus 40. These are all things that you have to think about and then the pricing the pricing is going to kind of dictate. You know what how much money you'll make and usually with this sort of thing it's more of a lower price but you're going for high volume. So again, that no specific answer there because it could it could be a lot of different things depending on size your charge rate the space you're using any other overhead you might have. And agree and the thing that I would add for this one John all great points I agree wholeheartedly with everything that you're saying. The biggest one that you mentioned that I want to harp on again is if you have larger groups say over 20 people you might need help right it depends on the it depends on the level of the participants it depends on what exactly you're doing right the more complex the work that you're doing obviously you want more eyes on people. It depends on the space that you have people are super super spread out that might be hard for one person to manage with five people or 50 people right so you might want to consider getting help. I personally run youth training groups John and my groups are between 20 and 35 kids depending on the time right I do 30 minute blocks at a volleyball club. So sometimes it's smaller groups sometimes it's slightly bigger groups and I always have at least two assistants with me right so sometimes it's super simple right super simple work where. I could technically do it myself but I still have my assistants there because the kids also connect with that other people that I have with me and we'll just mill around and help them. But some days where it's a little bit more complex but we're doing faster movements box jumps right things like that where I need or speed ladders where I need them to really master the technique. I will assign each of us something to focus on hey Kylie you're going to watch this ladder and this is what I want you to focus on with the older kids. Sydney you're going to be over here with the younger kids here's what I really want you to focus on with them and then I'm going to be right here doing this so that way we can kind of divide and conquer. But each of the groups still gets the personalized attention that they need from somebody from some adult that's in control. So no one way to go about it but it's a matter of like John said who are you training right if it's an adult when I did orange theory I could train a room of 50 adults by myself but 50 children. I don't know if anybody here's ever been in a room in general with 50 children it's a lot. Right it's a different population love that question lots of questions about group training. Yeah and maybe think of one more thing right once I'm ahead so I think the largest group I've ever done by myself is like maybe 50 and I once did that twice in the same day. And one thing I learned that day is that when you're working with 50 if you don't have like some sort of sound system then you're basically screaming for an hour straight. And so then if you have to do that twice you might start to have voice like that's a lot of screaming that's a lot of yelling and that's a lot on your voice and then also it's exhausting it's exhausting to have to. To run those things and yell that much so so something to consider if you do go with really large groups a mega phone can go a long way. Well I actually bought a megaphone down and I used it all the time except for that when I was in a gym or a space with other people training or like other teams work it didn't work it was too much. But if you're out in a park or something absolutely I agree with John a megaphone goes a long way. All right. Next question here when starting a strength training program with a client should you determine the one rep max for every exercise and then start them with 85 to 90% first and move up from there after a couple of weeks. So maybe right I'm assuming when you say strength training programming meaning training for strength maximum force development in muscles right. So strength training the intensity that we use is a percentage of one rep max so how heavy is it generally speaking yes we need it to be heavy right so 85 to 90% is the guideline the starting point for where it should be you adjust upper down from there based on the client. But determining the one rep max for every exercise I don't know if I do that there's a lot of exercises out there right we're talking about movement patterns right maybe that would make more sense hinge squat push pull lunge and locomotion right so maybe push pull squat and lunge. You can figure out an exercise or two for each of the movement patterns to eventually assess. Oh a true one rep max assessment you guys the point that I want to make here it is it is hard okay most people are not going to do it. It's too difficult so multiple rep max is that's why we talk about that in the course check that out. And where you they might view five or ten reps to failure and then you estimate their one rep max using a calculator online you don't need to do the math or there's a beautiful table that's a couple pages long in the textbook. Where if you did this many reps at this weight here's your estimated one rep max that's all you need to generally know right now would you start someone a brand new client at 85 to 90% of their one rep max I would dare say no. They might not be that strong yet right so it depends on the client it depends on what's their starting point they're training a telling them they've been training because if it's a brand new person who just walked enough the street and says I want to get stronger. That's probably not going to be the best idea right now if it's John who's been training for 25 years now. But whatever however long you've been doing a straight training that might be a little different but even then if you just met John. I trust you John but I don't know that I trust you to tell me that your deadlift is 500 pounds so we're going to start at 450. Let's start at 300 and let me see you move right if this the first time I've ever seen John move let's start a little bit lighter I just want to see you move and make sure your form is where I need it to be. Right let's make sure you actually know how to do these exercises and then we'll bump it up from there cool right so I think it really really depends you have the idea though this person is the idea of strengthening protocols yes in a perfect world. Okay but you want to pick the movements to assess for your one rep max or multiple rep max that makes sense for this person. What are they trying to improve strength on. Right give me some information here and then maybe pick one or two movements per movement pattern and you're not going to do these assessments all at up front right and might take you a couple weeks. But the biggest thing I've said it a couple times already John communication. John you wanted to get your upper body and your lower body strength better right so we have a couple assessments to do here's the ones that I would like to do for you to get your one rep max to make sure we're using the appropriate weights for you we're going to do this over the next three weeks. Right communicate it so that John knows over the next three weeks we're probably going to do multiple assessments so there's going to be some hard days in here but we're gathering information for these first couple weeks. To make sense anything else you would add for this one John. Yeah I mean. Once you've been a trainer for a while yeah I mean you should start to have a feel for some things so what I mean by that is like if you do a one rep max estimate for someone's pushing strength with like a bench press. I don't know if there's going to be a big need for you to do a one rep maximum for tricep extensions and you know what I mean like so. So if that's what you met by the other question should you do a one RM for every exercise. Definitely not because like I mean unless you're entering the bicep curl world championships or something. There's not really a big need for that whereas you know if you're trying to help a client get stronger I want to kind of know how much they can pull how much they can push. And then you're squatting and dead lifting those would become the main ones that I would I would want to have baseline for strength with and the rest we can kind of fill in the blank assuming that you know we have feel for their strength on the big movements. The next question I would like a deeper dive into the mind muscle connection so this I mean this is a great example of a very vague request. Yeah I mean who knows what exactly we want to get to here but what let's just say this the mind the brain and the muscles are inherently connected. So we know this through understanding the nervous system right the muscles aren't going to do anything unless the nervous system has them do it. So there's that. If if you're referring to getting your client in tune with how to fire a muscle in a certain way at a certain time and a certain amount that's that's practice that's I mean that's really just coordination right that's just coordination. So that's that's about practice now you know the more practice you do that have it something the more coordinated you are at repeating it and repeating it in the same way. So you know without knowing exactly what the question asker was referring to I think I might just leave it that but again yes they are connected you can't avoid it. There's certainly discussion that can be had about your psychology and how that affects your physical activity and physical qualities like performance qualities but that's that's a whole other discussion. Yeah, I think you nailed it done with the neuromuscular connection right it's coordination and that takes reps getting a muscle or too fire because the brain tells it to. Sometimes they might need to practice it to make it a better or stronger connection. Right, so yeah if somebody whoever sent that in is here watching this and the other additional questions be specific and send that back to us. The next one John is pretty straightforward are there any practice tests available so yes right not within the course you guys you have quizzes throughout the course that are 18 quizzes in the personal training course those are meant to help you not only learn how to answer multiple choice questions. And also test your knowledge on the information in each of the chapters that you go through on the way to the final exam but we do have something called a study expansion pack right it's offered through I SSA which is the only way that we can guarantee that what you're getting is associated with our material. Okay, so keep that in mind people like to go online and there's quiz let and all these other places online that say they have practice tests for I SSA guys if they were not issued by or written by I SSA which none of those other ones were we cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information you are learning. Just throwing that out there so use that's at your own discretion but the one that we do offer is do our study expansion pack and it also includes things like crossword puzzles. Which one coloring book and that make coloring books some other ways to test yourself some flash cards and things like that that are included in this so if you like to find that and get that practice exam as well. It is go to I or our website I SSA online.com at the top there will be a little search button or a little magnifying glass hit that search bar type in study expansion pack and it will pop up and you can purchase that right there on the website it will pop right into your course right away cool great question. Next question as a trainer starting out new is the best to start at a health club or a gym or independently so as a lot of you know we answer this question pretty often and the answer is depends. The way this question is where did the answer is it depends who are you you know are you like. Personal training was like my first adult job right so I'm glad I started in a gym where I never had a job before where I had to consider anything about revenues and expenses and sales and any of that stuff. So for me it was great for me to start working at health club because I got to learn a lot about the about not just the business but about business in general and then certainly about how to be a successful personal trainer. You know if you're going to be independent run your own business why are you doing it. Why are you doing it like do you think you have what it takes to successfully run your own business. Then the great you know and by what it takes I mean lots of things. There's lots that goes into running a business and there's lots of things that you have to know as a personal trainer in order to have all your ducks in a row like you're your insurance do you have a business license. Where are you doing business at is it at your home where you're going to contract somewhere and pay rent to use space because you know you need probably the equipment so you know somebody spaces that you've went out might have a equipment so. So there is no best there is no best it's what's best for you and I 100% I'll tell you it was best for me to start at a health club. Same same yeah it's a great place to learn the systems get you say everything right but it's not for everybody like John said so you have to figure out what works best for you. Great points John. Alright John the next question here what's the what is the difference in muscle fibers so I'm assuming that this person's asking about the muscle fiber types like type one type two and type there's two different types of type two type two and type two X fibers. So the difference is the energy systems that they rely on to do work that's the biggest difference right our type one muscle fibers one mile an hour slower than two miles an hour easy way to remember type one muscle fibers are slow twitch muscle fibers they rely heavily on the oxidative energy system meaning they can do a lot of work for a long time there are skeletal muscles that we can use all the time and they don't really get tired very quickly. They can last for a very long time okay our type two muscle fibers are our fast twitch muscle fibers they rely more on the ATP CP and or the glycolic energy system. Okay our type two X fibers if I'm getting this not mixed up are the more the ones that can have a little bit of oxidative and a little bit of glycolic right so they can last a little bit longer they fatigue a little bit. slower than the type two a fibers or genetic at that backwards. But the type two X and type two a fibers are slightly different as far as their metabolism so which one last longer job did I get that right type two X last longer type you a. It's going to be it's going to be type two a type you a okay type two X or the ones that are faster fatigueable that makes sense okay so our type two a fibers last a little bit longer. Then the type two X fibers but basically what's the difference in the muscle fibers the way that they go about metabolism. Just support the activities that they do so fast twitch versus slow twitch if somebody has a specific question about these. Let us know can you train all of these fibers yes absolutely the way that we train in the gym. Use this different energy systems right if it's quick powerful explosive short duration long duration somewhere in the middle right the intensity level matters. We can absolutely train the different types of muscle fibers based on the way that we're training in the gym and I love that that came up because. Guys that's really why we're learning about the energy systems because it's absolutely related to the way that we train. If you use a certain energy system a lot you might want to train that energy system at some point make it more efficient at generating energy and supporting activity. Next question what are some good conversation starters to have with your clients. So the way the question is is stated like conversation starters with your clients so this is already a client. Then to me I mean obviously you can do the basics small talk by hey do you have a good weekend great in how's the concert what I mean you can do that part with an also. Okay how things been going you know we had some homework you're going to try to go for walks at lunch how's that been going. We're able to do this I mean like if you're if you're being a good coach and you've probably done some goal setting with them there's some behaviors of trying to change so ask them about ask ask about those things and then and then you can also seek feedback to like how are things going do you feel like you know some of these goals we set for you you know they are you able to. You know are you able to kind of meet the demands of the program. You know how's your body been feeling what if they're already your client. Then I would say that you got to be talking about what you guys are working on that's that's the conversation now let's just say this is not your client and you're trying to like have some conversation starters in the gym just so that you can have more. You know more connections within that within the gym more potential leads that might turn into clients now this opens it's up to all kinds of things right like it could be something as simple as mentioning their shoes. You know I were like barefoot style shoes not the toes shoes but people barefoot and it's not uncommon for someone to say something about my shoes to me. When I'm out and about her in the gym so that usually starts a conversation but I mean you know Jenny you tell me. Conversated conversation starters with non clients in the gym it seems to me it can be about almost anything right. Yeah as long as it's HR appropriate absolutely. Yeah that's right that's right and you know here here's some example I'm trying to think of just over the years some examples sometimes someone's looking up at the TV there's a game on and so then you you that's that's obvious right you say something about the game. You see someone kind of looking around a little lost a is there something I can help you out with. That's that's an easy one right. I worked in places where he and towels like little towels so sometimes I walk around towels I've learned this from another trainers and that effect and just see if anyone wanted a towel and then that might turn into a conversation. So again it could be almost anything. So I guess it would be whatever you're comfortable with. Yeah I agree. If you have more specific questions about that let us down. John Leigh of a ride and our final question for our office hours after hours for this week. The question is what participating in the movement observation stage of the initial client interview process. Do you prompt the client to use weights for the movements for example when observing a hinge movement do you use a barbell and put that in their hands and ask them to perform a hand or should use lighter weights. Or is this all body weighted. So this is discussed in the manual. It's right there's a whole section in your course guys below all the modules. It's an additional module that you're not tested over but it's a great information to help you understand someone's purpose status and preferences as you get through the interview stage and start training a new client. Okay. This person's asking about the movement observation there's a whole guide in the whole section in the manual about this that talks about what how do you do this right? Does somebody have a preference for you know traditional exercises or maybe less traditional helping pick the exercises but generally speaking you guys when we do assessments for movement often they will be body weight right or minimal weight. Right because we're not trying to see how strong they are and how well they could move 50 pounds on a barbell we're trying to see how well they move in general. So generally speaking like if you were to do a hinging assessment you could do it with a broomstick or a PVC pipe or a dull rod that has minimal weight to it but a barbell do we recognize that barbell is already where from 35 to 45 pounds. So for some people that might be too much weight to be recognized that so using something that's similar to a barbell as far as it's shape but has a little to no weight to it might be a better if you're doing a movement observation just to see that move through this pattern. That might be a better way to go right but it also could depend you can't say John walks in and I'm like oh I want to see you squat. I don't have to do it if John is experienced right and I know John I know you can do a back squat so maybe I use a barbell. Right it doesn't have to be a dull rod but we have to know the client we have to know where they're starting from what do they know how to do right have they ever done this movement before because if they haven't I would absolutely do it unloaded to keep them safe. But there's no wrong answer here it's what makes sense for this person would you agree with that John. Yeah more or less and like you know to do something bodyweight there's nothing like. I would say it's start light right like I could do a bodyweight hinge but then if you put. 20 pounds in my hands do the hinge if there would be no difference because that's still light it's still light so like once you went to establish that someone can do the movement pattern under very little load. The next step would be what happens when you put them under load it might be a moderate load and if if their movement becomes. You know if if the movement's not so good once they're under moderate load and that tells you a little something right they may not be strong enough yet to control that movement pattern while under moderate load. So now that gives you a clue about how to train this person right you're probably going to be low to moderate load with this movement pattern. High reps in order to kind of practice the coordination of it and so basically working on like kind of muscular endurance but also movement quality. And then once you get to the point where they've done a whole bunch of reps and they seem to be progressing then that tells you. Maybe now I'm going to test them with a little bit more weight maybe a little bit more weight and then again now you're there now we've gotten better doing the movement and you've you've progressed now this is something that that is over time so. The reason I say that is because I don't want us to think that if we take weights out of our hands something magically happens and then the the bodyweight thing is. So much different than just lightweight because sometimes it's not but what what Jenny is saying is just keep it light to assess the movement but then at some point you do want to see because eventually you are planning on. Challenging the movement see how they do with moderate load maybe for some people even heavy load if the movement quality is still great then great. And then then you get to challenge this person quite a bit but if their movement quality suffers under load then you got to work to do. Yeah and that brought up an example I want to give you guys from what John saying it's I absolutely agree that what if you do a hinge assessment with somebody with a barbell or a dollar doesn't matter and their hinge is not great right well we know how to teach them right you can use the dollar you can help them strengthen the parts that they need to strengthen depends on what happens during the hinge doesn't it right if they're shoulders roll forward at their head falls forward. There's different deviations that can happen right so we would address those things based on what we see but what if this person John is training for strength right and they need to do some heavy rows and we have plans to do a bent over row which is from a hinge position but their hinge is not there yet. Well guess what guys this is why we learn movement the way that we're teaching it to you guys because there's if you want to do a row. There's 500 different ways that you could do a row most of which you don't have to be in a hinge position we can work on your hinge right client welcome back to this we're going to continue to work on your hinge and get this right but if we're looking to do a heavy row for strength training we can do it from a seated position we can do a supported face down on a bench right there's other ways that we can go about this that takes that hinge out of it. Where we can still get some strong rowing movements going but we'll work on your hinges we go right until we get you to the point like John said maybe it's in a couple weeks or a couple months where we master the hinge you feel good and you're strong in it and now we can add in the bent to a row where you're unsupported in that hinge position because your hinge has been perfected right so this is why we learn movement the way that we do there's far more than one way to do everything that we want to do so find some find another way to do it that makes sense. Great questions today John great questions any last words for this group before we shut it down today. Yeah today we we got to talk about a variety of things I like that we got to talk about teaching groups because it is a great way to kind of maximize your money making potential. In a short amount of time which is really attractive just make sure that you know what you're doing with the group because it's very different than one on one. Agreed a great variety of questions today, but again we remind you guys when you guys send in questions be as specific as possible because if we don't really know what you're asking we can't really give you the answer that you're probably looking for. So if you ask the question today that we did quite answer the way that you needed it ask us again but be more specific. All right, but thank you as always for watching this you guys we look forward to seeing you guys in the live sessions and we hope you have a good rest here at any. Bye bye. Bye guys.

=== FILE: ISSA Office Hours： After Hours ｜ Episode 7 ｜ October 11, 2024 [dhF7K2H9QeM].txt ===

And we'll work back, John, we had so many questions from Friday that was the 11th of October. It was like, what month is it? 11th of October that we promised, we would come back in the answer to remaining. I think 9 or 10 questions that were here. So we don't want to skip any, we don't make sure you get through all of them. But John, let's dig in. You're ready for some office hours of your hours. Yeah, and just as a queer to my, this is the first one you've ever watched. We do office hours. We get a bunch of questions. We got about an hour, right? And sometimes we go like an hour and five. But there's still more questions and some of them are really good questions. So we just want to make sure if you're dying to hear us answer some more of these questions or if you feel like you're answering didn't get answered live on the office hours that we're doing it over here on YouTube. So that's what we're doing here. All right, John, kick us off with our first question for office hours after hours. All right, first question should my class workouts be 30 minutes with 15 minutes of stretching or should I incorporate stretching into my workouts to keep it going. So emphasizing that we're should because I don't know if there's a should like, especially with class formats. Sometimes what's going to dictate your class formats is what are people going to show up for and do because if your class is great, but there's like two people showing up. Guess what the group X directors doing, they're cutting your class, right? So so you do what what people show up for now. There's definitely value in having like the work part of your workout and then the mobility or stretching part of your workout or maybe they recovery and relaxation part of your workout. So the the only thing the only piece of advice I would give is that make sure that you name the class and describe that in the class in a way that actually reflects what you're doing. Because you don't want someone showing up thinking they're doing like 60 minutes of high-intensity interval training when there's like 30 minutes of stretching and relaxation, right? So yeah, I would say there's no should just create a class format make it compelling. Have great customers to every senior classes because again, that's how you keep your classes if people keep showing up and say good things. And then just make sure that whatever the whatever your name and however the class is described is what you actually do. Love it good advice. All right, John the next one nice simple question here. Do all of the additional courses outside of the CPT program have final exams or two different final exams like the CPT has the online exam and the accredited exam. So I believe they're asking do all of the other courses like the nutritionist program they mentioned have two different final exams. The short answer is no and technically you guys the CPT course does not have two final exams. You just need to take one right whether it's the online exam or the accredited exam it is your choice. You also can take both if you choose to but you only need to take one pick one and you're certified right take the one that makes the most sense for employment meaning which is required for employment often. If you're working for someone else you need to take the accredited exam but if you don't know you should ask the employer and they will let you know. All right, but as far as the other the courses that I say offers you guys know other course has an accredited exam as of right now which is pretty common among the different agencies. So there's just the online exam that you have two attempts at for most other courses. Simple enough. Yeah, and just a reminder we say this lot but accredited doesn't mean better. Right, just means that the testing protocol is different and therefore in some cases more acceptable by potential employers. Next question. Since I have felonies on my record will I still be able to become a personal trainer the quick answer is yes. So if you're going to start your own business then then you're the one who gets to decide if you're hired and I'm assuming that you're going to hire yourself. If you're going to work for different corporations a felony will typically trigger a red flag if the background check is done and for everywhere that I've worked part of the hiring process is there's going to be a background check. So red flag in some instances may be no go. So just know that in other instances red flag might mean let's have a conversation let's talk let's let me ask you some questions and let's let's see where this goes. So again, it's it could be a no in some instances it definitely could be a yes and other instances if you're starting your own business and then again I'm assuming you're asking because you're looking to become employed and there's there's just going to be this extra whoop to jump through in order to become employed and if I were you. I would think about what are the questions are they going to ask me about this and then what are the answers I'm going to give I think that's something that's worth putting some time into. So that you can give a you know the answers that represent you the best as opposed to being asked a stressful question and having to think of an answer in the moment. And I'll tell you from my experience I have I have hired people with some felonies in their past and it was kind of the the flag came up on the background check so then we had to have some additional conversation. And so I know that as someone who's done it that I've I've hired people with felonies in their past so again just know that it can be done it definitely can be done but there might be just this extra whoop that you have to jump through. I love that and that's a good question for you to answer John too because just for insight guys John has managed and run a lot of different gyms and all clubs and he's done a lot of hiring he's hired literally. And so I love that you actually ended up answering that question John because you have a ton of insight on that one sweet. All right next one here there's a couple different questions involved this person said the gym that you tentatively want to work at after completion of your certification wants you to do a small group functional fitness or personal training group. Is this within the scope of our practice as a CPT absolutely absolutely I would say we might want to get some more information about what does functional fitness mean. Right because that means different things to different people and make sure that you feel confident and competent in teaching that style so whatever that means because it could mean like body weight only and just movement right something like an animal full class really where people are just moving or could be a weight training class or something specific and a limpent clicking that for example. Functional fitness could be a lot of different things right fitness is inherently functional so I would ask questions and be clarify what that means and make sure you feel comfortable teaching that style and if it is a style that requires you to have additional certification or get some additional education. Definitely pursue that if you want to do that does that make sense. But yes, it is within your scope guys to work in groups just know that the skill set required to work with groups whether it's groups of four to six small groups or groups that are much larger 2030 or more people. The skill set is a little different and John and I have both done all of those things. You have to know how to queue right you got to be able to communicate effectively and concisely we don't have time to have a five minute explanation in classes like that so can you queue and give information very quickly. And in an easy to understand way can you how do you manage a room with that many people right are they all doing the same thing are they doing different things. There's probably some things that you'd want to know but there are certifications that will teach you those skill sets too. So I think and John I want you to try to chime in on this one too when it comes to starting this so this person's question they want them to run a small group class for functional fitness again ask what that means. It's a matter of do you feel confident and comfortable teaching in that way right now as a CPT your have you have a ton of information in this course you guys but my advice would be if you don't feel comfortable or like you have all the information you need to teach in this way go pursue that. But you should have more than enough in the CPT what would you say John. Yeah, let's let's define like scope of practice first it's it's work it's kind of like what are you legally able to do and then you can kind of look at it like what are you ethically able to do based on your education right so that's pretty broad. So if you become a CPT it is within your scope to be the trainer for a baseball team but the next question is do you know how to do that so scope of practice and do you know how to do it those are not the same thing right like you that as a CPT now you you can do it it's okay for you to do it and you wouldn't get in trouble for doing it but would you be good at it that would be the question so. So so yeah as as as Jenny was saying. Teaching groups is different than teaching one on one you know there's a lot of practical aspects of it and if you have a group. Don't think you're just going to take your one on one skills and it's going to be the same and you're going to think there's a lot I'm going to do this cool boot camp there's going to be different stations and stuff. If you haven't thought about it guess what there's going to be things happening during that boot camp that you didn't think about because you didn't you just didn't occur to you right and some of it can just be like the timing of stations you're going to have people running into each other there it's disorganized the way that you cue certain things is going to be different. You might start to rethink teaching a complicated exercise the 10 people at the same time so again. It's definitely within your scope but I my question would be do you know how to do this other skill that that would be the real question for me. Love it well stated. The second part of this question was do I need to have done a client fitness or fitness assessment on every participant in the class before you work with them. I don't know that there's an answer to this because I mean depending on the size of the class I've had a group of 50 people I don't know that you'll be able to do a client or fitness assessment for every single person. But generally speaking to join a group class or something there's usually some kind of assessment potentially or questions asked of this person like for example John do you have any injuries that the instructors should know about things like that that are asked of your participants. But do you as the instructor need to do that with every single person no not necessarily but again I would I would definitely as somebody who has taught classes of 45 to 50 people maybe get to know the people in there. And usually if people have some kind of injury or something you need to be aware of they will tell you. But if something doesn't look right hey John I noticed you limp a little bit or like you're I noticed something might be going on with your foot right you notice they lip you don't fall it out that way. Hey I noticed it might be something going on with your left leg is there is anything I need to know. Right and you can ask questions that will kind of get them to tell you what that you need to know so you can modify adjust not have the workers hard whatever it may be. But yeah that's probably how I would go about it. Could you do it though yes will you do it every single time no. Right and you know it now one thing to add to that is. Like big group fitness classes are not necessarily the place for everybody right and if you got a bunch of injuries conditions etc. It's in your best interest to potentially work with someone on a more personalized basis now again whether not someone's going to do that or if they if they value. And if you're paying for training versus the free classes that are giving in it given in a gym that's that's going to be up to them but I do think it makes sense to at least alert people to the fact that if you've got all these injuries and you're coming into this class where I'm trying to coach 30 people. That you're not going to get the the type of attention that you're kind of asking me for so there are other options on a trainer so maybe we can we can work something out. I do think it makes sense to let them know that because their expectations may be that they heard exercise is good for their condition or exercises good for their injury so therefore I'm going to take this class that that's free to me and that will help and. That's where we can step in and let them know it could help but I mean there are some things that it might not be great for and here's some other options that way they kind of know their options. Next question oh wait was that everything on the other. What is along next one so I have seen at the beginning of every boot camp is the part where you guys talk about the difference between online test and accredited test and that most employers prefer the accredited my question is. If employers prefer the accredited what is the point and what can I actually use the online certification. So I have a question for a side from hanging on the wall so so here's a thing so we like the question was was given the other way around years ago. The question was if I just want to go in business for myself then what's the point of me taking an accredited certification. So then as a business is what we did we said you know what right there are people who want to take our certification who have no interest in going to work somewhere. So therefore they want an option for them that makes sense for them and what they're trying to do so that's what it's for. So again, if you need the accredited certification then and please do take that one and again that's what a lot of employers are going to be looking for but if you are the employer if you are self employed then use that the rules for which one. You need to have taken and if you want to hold yourself to take in the accredited and great but you don't have to. Agreed and just a reminder like John said accredited doesn't mean better accredited exam guys just has to do with how the exam is taken right the online exam is untimed open book meaning you can look at your notes and look stuff up and you can go into an out of it as much as you need to. Okay the accredited exam you can't do that you can't have your textbook with you two hours timed and it's taken with a proctor so there's literally another human being watching you take the test to make sure you're not looking up answers. So do you see why maybe a potential employer might want the accredited exam. Sure not in their head when you take in accredited exam where you can't look up the answers and you have short amount of time to take the test to them if you pass in accredited exam you know the information. That's all they're looking for it's about the way that you are being tested not what you're learning both tests cover the exact same material. So we want to make that part very very clear it's about the way the test is taken that's it so that's why we like John said that's why we give you guys options you don't have to take one of the other one is not better than the other pick the one that makes sense for what you need and move on. Okay and if you're not sure where you want to work at it might be a good idea to take both just so you have all your bases covered and again move on cool. All right another question here a couple questions in this one John what techniques can be used to identify a client stage of change more accurately so I have questions when you say more accurately what does that mean. Stages of change you guys are covered in chapter two in the textbook and it's about understanding where somebody at in the process of making a change. Do they need to be aware of something or do they there's something holding them back do they not know how to go about making a change right are they actively doing it have they've been doing it for a while. The conversations that we have with our clients in those different stages will be different right and at the end of the day the way that we've helped them understand what stage of change they are in. To help us tailor our conversations and get them the information that they need to move forward it's about asking questions. So that's all I would say here more accurately accurately than what like what do you currently doing to determine someone's stage of change would be my first question to help understand this question but it comes down to asking questions. So asking open ended questions where they actually have to give you some information not just say yes or no. So that would be my thing there John anything you want to add on that one. Yeah I mean you can kind of figure it out by looking at the definitions of those stages right. And one has is the in denial or ignorance of of a need to change something then that tells you exactly where they're at but this is only going to come through communicating with with your clients and you know if you I mean this is taking a big jump we the chapter itself just kind of slightly talks about these things there's there's whole courses on this right. So like the coaching techniques for when someone is within one of those stages of change that's that's kind of the next level stuff but you can kind of figure out little things right like if they're in denial or ignorance that a change is necessary. Well they might be short on information right so if we have some information for them then we can teach them. But again back to the question I can identify a client stage of change. We have to understand what those stages of change are in the first place and then through communication I think we'll better understand where they're at and a couple of them you don't have to identify it like if they're in the middle of doing your program they're they're taken action right so you don't have to like identify that they're doing it. Yeah agreed. Okay the next part of this question John can you explain the difference between process goals and outcome goals with some real life examples so yeah you have to understand what those are in the first place right process goals are short term goals. Outcome goals are long term goals. Okay so an analogy I give is a staircase right where you are now is at the bottom of the staircase where you want to go is at the top of the staircase. There's a lot of goals that maybe that staircase is only three steps long it's not very long it's not going to take you very long or there's now a lot involved to get to the end. There are some goals where there might be 50 steps in that staircase to get you to the end you see my point. Okay so some goals might take you a little longer than others but the process or the short term goals are hey John in the next three weeks let's get you to this point that's a short term goal in three weeks will figure out did you get there or not. But that three week goal whatever we're trying to accomplish in the next three weeks should be something that's getting you closer to where you want to be ultimately at the end of the day so I look at it is is you go up one step that's a short term goal. You went up one step success your one step closer to the end of the staircase what's your next step to your next short term goal. Cool now your two steps up your two steps closer to your end goal. Okay so in real life let's use an example of weight loss right somebody has a goal of losing 50 pounds and we determine based on knowing them based on their lifestyle their habits all the things going on in their life. This will take you six months on average right this should take you about six months if these things are all in order right so in four weeks let's set a short term goal in the next month john so right after Halloween right it's middle of October right now right after Halloween middle of November let's take a look and let's measure you let's set a goal of five pounds. That's a short term goal that's a process goal because that five pounds is getting you closer to losing 50 you might hit five pounds you might exceed it you might also not get there. Okay but now when we get to or weeks from now we assess did you get there or not if you didn't all right well let's take a look at the plan and see what might need to change or let's look at your consistency let's have a conversation about what will you back if you succeeded it awesome things like this is working let's keep going what's our next short term goal and when is that. Right versus the outcome goal is lose 50 pounds. Okay so pretty pretty straightforward on this step in the staircase john anything to add on that piece. Yeah I just I just worded a little bit differently like the outcome is like what are you trying to accomplish the processes or what are you doing. Right so you know if the outcome is I want to lose 10 pounds in two months then between so that's the outcome at the two months between now and then what am I doing so then we can set goals and with clients I used to do things like. All right month one come to the gym 12 times and that's simple that's not even really totally mapping out what we're doing but the processes you're going to be at the gym 12 times and we might even say here here's the three different days per week that you're going to come in so that we're setting the processes in motion what are you doing so we're setting goals for the action as well as goals for what we want to have happened at the end of all this. And then the last question here what are some of the effective ways to provide constructive feedback to clients without discouraging them. I love this there's no one answer to this because we all recognize that some people might be motivated by something that might discourage someone else right so it's about at the end of the day I'll keep this answer very simple delivery. Delivery how are you delivering your feedback because everyone needs it to be delivered in a very specific way. Right that motivates them that keeps them engaged that doesn't make them feel some kind of way about it. What that looks like well that's up to us to determine isn't it right and it starts with asking questions so I love this one John this is all about chapter two so to this person who asked these three questions definitely re-reach after two. Right it's all about asking questions but giving feedback to people is a good thing we want to get feedback we want them to give us feedback but we have to understand how is this person motivated. Right positively towards something is an extrinsic motivation or intrinsic right if you do this I'll give you this if you do this it's good for you right if you I'm going to take this away if you don't do it how are they motivated it's not good bad or ugly it just is what it is. And then whatever they however they prefer to receive feedback maybe that's a good question to ask John how do you like to receive feedback. Does it need to be positive are you okay if it's not so positive like do I need to wrap it up in a little bow for you. Right and that's fine but whatever they need for you whatever they say they need for me you should probably deliver it that way. What would you say for this one John because this is important we both work with a lot of different clients what would you say about this one. Yeah like I would want to like first define what constructive feedback is because it's it's what it's it again just like an our world of fitness and exercise sciences word the people say but do they actually know what they mean. And constructive feedback is supposed to be feedback that provides coaching and guidance right it's not just telling them everything they did wrong. Because if you're just pointing out everything that they did wrong all you're doing is raining on their parade right so. If we're if we're actually providing guidance then we're able to figure out okay well things and happen the way that we planned on for whatever reason. So is it a question of were we doing the right thing or is it a question of effort because then then we can start to decide where to where to coach as if maybe we weren't doing the right thing maybe we need to change what we're trying to do. It was a question of effort then why didn't the effort happen you know do we have to do we have to figure something out is not important to you right now. So this way we're actually making a plan that can guide them so again constructive feedback is not just pointing out what didn't go right. It's it's talking about the things that that didn't happen and then trying to figure out why so like I said are you doing the right things or is it a question of effort. And then coaching toward those things and providing providing a little help there also you might want to mix in some positive stuff right because I like to say praise the effort not just outcome because if you have someone that's trying hard and it didn't work out for whatever reason you still want to point out that they tried hard because. There's nothing that's much more of a bummer for a client than feeling like they're trying hard and it's not working right so you want to make sure that there's some some praise for the effort. I love that and I love when you say that to John because that matters as well you might not get to the goal like for the week right you might not have gotten to the goal but what did you do well right affirming that they did do something well and praise that effort along the way just it makes people feel seen. And so I think that's why I'm trying for some people it can be motivating otherwise a lot of people if they didn't get it 100% right that all or nothing thinking then they're like oh I'm done they throw their hands up and then they just walk away from it completely when we all know that realistically you're not always going to get it right 100% of the time. No man and that's not realistic to ask our clients to do that. Next question why isn't technique highlighted in the assessment for the squats in chapter nine. So we don't typically give people technical advice when they're doing assessments we do assessments to see how they do things now. And then over time we might give them more technical advice to make improvements but we the reason why we assess is the see who you are now so in an assessment I wouldn't give you. Technique on on your squat because it goes against why I assessing in the first place. They're great very simple answer for that one so hopefully that makes sense to over sit this one in. Okay, we have one more question I think John and I both chime in on this one great one to end on today. Are there any networking events workshops or continuing education opportunities that you recommend to build connections within the fitness community. All of them right there are tons of live events and I'll let John talk about one that he actually he he loves live events so much you guys that he like created one. For people who want to learn because there's so many things out there to learn so much information out there and a lot of people prefer to learn in in in person hands on like with other people. And continue their education that way versus reading a book or doing it online and just know those opportunities to exist one thing I would recommend if you're looking for different conferences because there's things like the fit expo that LA fit expo right. The can fit pro like which is for Canadians like all kinds of stuff all over the world not just in the US and Canada, but all you have to do is go online go to a search engine and search fitness conferences or live fitness education and stuff will pop up stuff that you were like I've never heard of this in my life right some of them will be smaller conferences like one John put on some of them will be bigger conferences that are like expo centers and and comfort centers. There's there's tons of opportunity and if you're somebody who likes to travel there's opportunities to travel most major cities have something going on bigger small. But there are plenty of ways to find education around you and I would start with a search online but John talk to us about something that you put together. Yeah, I put on something I'm Sacramento area so it was just called the Sacramento Fitness Community Summit it was a was a one day fitness education summit right for and it was for the education part but it was also for the community part right like bringing people together. To to network to do some business stuff actually I think I noticed online a couple of people who showed up met there in our dating now so we also did that. That's the connection. So we're building a lot of connections at the Sacramento Fitness community. But yeah like Jenny said you can you can just search and you'll find a lot of the big ones right and some of them might feel like wow that's like across the country. It's a big one but they're smaller ones you might have to dig a little bit deeper when you when you Google search all those big ones that are paying for advertising are going to show up at the top so you might have to scroll a little bit and then one thing I would recommend this is something that's helped me. Quite a bit is you know a lot of my people I'm connected with on LinkedIn Instagram Facebook are fitness professionals and like the first thing I ever spoke out over 10 years ago was because I was friends with someone who put. And he put a video on Facebook and said hey I'm looking for people to speak at my event here's how you apply and that's how I spoke at my first event. But then that's how I also find other events and they do happen all over the place I'm out here in California I'm speaking at something in Austin, Texas next month right and it's not a big thing it's for that particular company. But yeah it'll be cool and Jenny check this out that it's they're doing it at a retreat center so I'm going to be outside no audio visual. So I'm going to have to have some notes or something so I remember everything I was supposed to talk about. It is going to be a different event and if you know them, but I know it's Austin but I think I'll have to have my jacket or something with me. That's awesome. And it's a typical opportunity right and that might lead to something else you never know who will be at the events who might meet you see you you know expressed an interest in what you're doing or you might a lot of people will like not only dating opportunities right but. And so I think that's a great opportunity to see you might come across something we're like, oh I'm interested in pursuing that and find other opportunities as well. So yeah I love that people are asking about this John there's lots of opportunities to do live in person workshops and continuing education pursue it ask questions. Talk to other questions questions around you chances are they might know some things to but in online searches a great place to find some of the big ones. And so I think that's a great opportunity to see some of them that are virtual now so you can get continually education that way and some of them are doing like. They do little breakouts where it's kind of networking to where you get to network with other attendees or like some of the vendors so let's just say. TRX is there as a virtual vendor at this virtual event and you can log in to whenever they're doing their thing and they can talk about their products you can get their discounts you can ask them about the products so so some of them are doing it that way too. So that's a great question to end then today. Thank you guys for joining us for office hours after hours and keep those questions coming lots of great questions coming in each week John. Yeah, this is always fun. Hopefully this has been official for you guys and make you know what Jenny we're going to start doing this now if you're watching this on YouTube. If you want to go ahead and comment and say that this was helpful or not I mean I don't want to tell you how to feel. But I think Jenny and I are going to start paying a lot more attention to the feedback that we're getting from you guys because now that we're asking for it I'm kind of expecting to get a little bit more and hopefully it'll kind of shape the future of how we do these things. Absolutely I love that John. Yes, we want to hear from you guys. Did you like this was a helpful what suggestions might you have. So that in the comments underneath this video. Thanks for joining us guys and we'll see you in class. Bye everybody.

=== FILE: ISSA Office Hours： After Hours ｜ Episode 7 ｜ October 25, 2024 [S5kLLJ3kzBY].txt ===

Oh, hello, John. It's time again. You guys in certified personal trainer course in our boot camps have been doing such a great job of sending in questions and making us answer and have conversations with you guys that we have a little bit extra. So today is, I don't know how many of these we've done, but this is office hours after hours for those of you who don't know again office hours is what we typically do on Fridays or answer your guys questions. And we had so many of them that we, we got to record a little bit more and do it separately. But we want to make sure we address all the really good questions I come through. Absolutely. Some really great questions, guys. And like John said, we want to make sure we get to all of them. So that means having two videos, we will do two videos just like this. All right, John. So I think we had something like 11 or 12 extra questions that we didn't get to on Friday. So let's go ahead and dive on in. You want to take it away with the first one? Yeah, the first one is it's a very common question that we get because I think, you know, I think you guys trust our opinions on these things, but at some point, you will have to make the decision for yourself based on some of our opinions. So this question says, would you recommend starting your own business or starting in a commercial gym? So let's, let's first kind of define what the difference between the two is. If you work for a commercial gym, that means you're going to be employed by that gym or that or that company. And you know, that means a few things. That means that having an employer, they will be able to dictate quite a few things. They have some things that they need out of you and they're going to dictate those needs. Like when do they need staff? You know, the different rules and regulations and policies they may have in terms of working there as a personal trainer. What you might charge and how much you would make, how you make your money in the first place, all of this stuff versus when you run your own business, then for the most part, that's up to you. You know, if it's your business, if you start your own personal training business, then you make your hours, you decide how much you're going to charge. You decide, you know, the different tools, different things that you're going to use in order to track your business and that sort of thing. But another way of putting that is that when you are starting a business, that means all of the responsibility is on you. When you're employed somewhere, it's not necessarily your responsibility that the lights work. It's not necessarily your responsibility that all the machines are working the way that they should. There's oftentimes a maintenance person for that or a facilities person. It's not necessarily your responsibility when you're employed by a gym that there are systems in place for taking payment for scheduling, for marketing. It's not necessarily your responsibility, but when you are running your own business, it is your responsibility. So as much as it sounds great to be able to make all the decisions for yourself and make you don't schedule and that sort of thing, there's also the work and the responsibility involved. And sometimes it takes a little know-how in order to do those things. Not everyone is born with an MBA, right? Not everyone's born with a bunch of business savvy and not everyone is born with experience in the field. So I say all that to say that I do happen to have the opinion that working in a commercial gym is great for kind of getting your feet wet and understanding some different aspects of the business and also just for you to get some repetitions in. If you've never actually tried to sell personal training to someone, maybe it's great if you can get a thousand repetitions and trying to sell personal training. Maybe if you've never tried to market services, maybe it's nice to be in an environment where services are being marketed and you kind of see how it's done. And then as far as the operation side, you can learn a lot from being in a health club. So I think there's a lot to learn there. Now granted, a lot of you are going to come from different experiences. Some of you may already have experience being a business owner and someone who is an owner operator and that sort of thing. So you'll have some insights that someone else would not. So this is the said that I don't think one is necessarily better than the other, especially for just talking about service and clients. If you're about expanding your business and owning a brick and mortar owning your own gym, it's a little bit of a different conversation. But in terms of just being a personal trainer, I wouldn't say there's necessarily one that's better than the other. I think it depends on the person, depends on your experience level. And I think there can be a lot gained from working in a health club. And by the way, I've known some people that did work in a health club for a long time. Did become very business savvy. Did become much better at doing the job and sales and marketing all that. And I decided to stay in the health club for a number of reasons. And again, there's nothing wrong with being a well compensated employee. In some cases, that's for a lot of people the best option. So again, I don't think one is necessarily done in the other. I would say they're different. I agree with that, John. I would say it depends on what are you trying to do. There's pros to books, right? There's good things about doing both. But what makes sense for you? Do you want that structure? Do you want some guidance? You want to get your feet wet for you, dive in? Because yeah, like John said, guys, owning your own business and having to manage everything on your own. That's like, that's not for everybody. And it's definitely not for the faint of heart. So for some people that are not interested in that or maybe want to work their way up to that versus diving in feet first and figuring it out, there's opportunities to do that by working for somebody else. And I love the way you said that John, there's nothing wrong with being a well compensated employee. And that's a great way to think about it. There's plenty of people who work in health clubs who make more than what they want to make. They like it. They like the structure that aren't to think about stuff. They just show up, do their work and leave. So if that's, there's a great option. I personally started my career that way and I believe you did two John, right? I started in health clubs. And then it took me a couple of years to be like, okay, I'm ready to branch off and do my own thing. I feel like I have this training part down. Business ownership is a whole other thing. And so it took me several years to get to the point where I was like, I feel confident, morning and running my own business outside of working for somebody. And then I started to do that and have been doing that ever since. So love that nice nice nice, nice, nice, stay to John. Thank you. Next question that we didn't get to. If a client really breaks down during a session or talking like, but emotional breakdown, how should this be handled? Exercise can be cathartic and can cause large emotional reactions. I think anything in life can cause large emotional reactions. What's the best way to total line between empathy and professionalism? So this one I don't know that I have a specific answer for it, but it depends on the person. Right? So it depends on the client or the person that's having that reaction or that response. But I would dare say, John, would you say it depends on the trainer to cause some people are a little bit more empathetic who would want to sit down and be like, oh, let's talk about it. Or you're okay, right? And there's other people who are going to be like, I can, what am I looking at right now? I get, and there are neither of those responses is wrong, but it also depends on how, what your level of comfort is dealing with somebody who is hyper emotional or who gets emotional for whatever reason. So to give you an example, just an example, me personally, I have big emotions, I have big, a big personality. But depending on the situation, there's times where I'm okay with dealing with some of the emotions and I'll be like, oh my gosh, what's going on? Let's sit down and let's talk about it. What do you need for me? And there's other times where I'm like, I don't have time for this. So I think like, and the situations for me would be like, with an average client, I will absolutely show some empathy and like try and figure out what's going on, but there are things above and beyond my scope where I'm like, okay, maybe we need to, you know, let press pause on today. Let's pick up when you're ready. I'm going to send you home, see whoever you need to see. Let me know when you're ready to come back. But for me, when I coach my athletes, John, like specifically my volleyball players or my basketball players. And especially my females, like, I get it or girls. We have big emotions and stuff. In a lot of times, what is it, a league of their own? They were like, there's no crying in baseball. Like sometimes when they have big emotional reactions, I'm like, you can have all your feels, but right now is not the time to have them. Right. So it depends on who I'm talking to and in what situation as to how I personally would handle it. So I think it really depends on the individual that's having the the reaction or response and the personal trainer, what they feel comfortable handling. What would you say, like, as a male, John, maybe this might come out different for you. What does that look like for you? Well, you know, the question is stated, what if a client really breaks down and that's that's a kind of an extreme example, but people are going to have like good days and bad days. Right. And it's definitely worth asking your client sometimes, you know, how are you feeling today about this workout? I mean, we don't have like, maybe it'll make you feel better. Maybe you need some time to yourself. So I think it's worth it to ask those questions. I think I would be much better at these sorts of things now as opposed to when I started. I was, you know, still a pretty young person when I started as a trainer. So I just had less experience with dealing with with people. So, but I do know that I've had several times over the years where people were experiencing all kinds of emotions during workouts, whether it be anxiety, sadness, grief, joy, happiness, all these things. But it's the times when it may seem like maybe getting through that workout may not be the best thing for them. You don't have to tell them that, but I think it is worth it to ask how they're feeling and if they want to keep going because, you know, as it turns out, sometimes, you know, as much as we'd love to say, it's sometimes working out in that moment is not the thing that they need or they want to do. And that's perfectly, perfectly okay as well. And you don't have to feel like you have to turn into their psychologist. But I think it's worth it to ask a couple questions as something they want to keep going. And again, this is something that probably over the thousands of sessions I did. I mean, this probably, just a handful of times where this even came up. Honestly, but I like I said, I do think it is worth it to ask a couple of those questions. Yeah, to make sure that they're okay with moving forward. And if they're not, let them know that's okay too. Yeah. I love that. And I think the big overwhelming point there, John, is it's okay either way. Right? Whatever you need, let's do that. All right. Next question. Is it advised to create a brand after significant success after you worked for a large gym by creating a website, not for in classes outside of a normal gym you are partnered with? I wouldn't say it's advised. Do you want to do that? Are you looking to create your own brand? Like I said, you know, this kind of relates to that first question. Being a well compensated employee where all the responsibility is off of you. Where you don't have to take your taxes out of your paycheck. You don't have to do all that stuff. Maybe that's the way to go. And don't forget, sometimes when you're employee somewhere, there's room for growth. You can get into leadership and management. Those are skills that are great to learn as well and lend themselves to other areas. So okay, I wouldn't say it's advised for you to do those things. But can you for sure? Is that something you want to pursue? That's up to you. And then how you go about it depends on what sort of brand you're creating. Is it just you as the brand? Are you creating a company? Are you creating a gym? Are you creating an online service? These are all the questions that you would have to ask for yourself. Or ask of yourself before deciding what you're going to do. And then the last part says something like creating classes beyond the normal gym you're partner with. Sure, sure. I mean, again, this is not new. This is something that's happening now. And again, I wouldn't say it's advised to do that. Is that something that you want to do? And then if you decide that you're going into business for yourself, now you've got to be a business person. You're not just a trainer that now says, now I'm doing it myself. And I'm telling you, that's how too many people have done it. And it goes up and flints. You have to become a business person on top of being a trainer if you are going to have your own business. Yeah. And then John to bring up one more thing too. They said, you know, going above and beyond the normal gym that you're partnered for, or working with, working for, just know the guys that there might be non-complete issues that you need to look into. So I wouldn't say make it a problem if it's not a problem. But as you're getting employed, somewhere you might want to ask if there's a non-complete, or know what you're signing when you sign up for employment somewhere. And I only bring this up because I've worked for some big gyms that had non-competes, whether or not they're enforceable. That's a whole other story. But they have them there. And it gives them the ability to go after someone legally. If they, for example, open up a gym or start training, doing something that they were doing for that company, within a certain radius. Or if they're doing it within a certain time period. Okay? So I've seen big gyms go after people. Again, whether or not it can be held up in a court of laws and other story, but they can absolutely take you to court and make it very expensive for you. And I've seen companies do that to people. Good or bad, like it or lump it, it can happen. So just know what you're signing up for. No, if there's any regulations or restrictions on what you can, and cannot do outside of your employment in that place. Awareness is the first step and then go from there. Cool. Next question here, John. I'm more curious about the next step after completing my courses. What's my next move? I'm looking for something more online and flexible where I can help coach clients and work on nutrition ones. I finished this certification. So I think this person kind of answered their own question. What's next? Right? Sounds like nutrition is their next step. After they finish their personal training certification, awesome. That's a great next step, a very useful next step for most personal trainers. But if you're looking for something online and flexible, well, there you go. So then the question is, do you want to start something on your own? Whether you offer it to social media, like virtual training guides could be a lot of different things. It could be Zoom calls. Like this, it could be through email. It could be texting clients. It could be through a website. It could be through your social media. Lots of different ways. They even go about working with people online where it's very flexible. Or do you want to work for an organization that already has something like this set up? So which there are places out there that already have this established. And then you just go work for them. And you fill in your schedule out into a little bit more flexible, but it is online. So I would say maybe explore some of those opportunities. And like John was talking about earlier, decide do you want to be a business person as well? Oh, do you have the work for someone to have them take care of all the nitty gritty and the details for you? And you just perform. I think knowing the answer to that question, John, and it sounds like you agree with me, knowing the answer to that question, do you want to do a business thing? Do you want to be a business owner? Do you want to work? Like have somebody else take care of that for you? That's kind of a first step for you decide which route to start looking into. Because otherwise, it might take you down some rabbit holes that you might not necessarily want to be in. That's right. Yeah, and you have to ask yourself, what do you want to be responsible for? Because sometimes all here things like this, well, if you're in a business for yourself, that means you get all the money. And that's like kind of true, but that means you also have all the expenses. So I'm not going to say it evens out. If you're running your own business successfully, it can go really well for you. But, you know, there's a lot, there's a lot more responsibility and a lot more expenses on your part if you are the one running the business sometimes. And by point of working in a gym, sometimes you just get to show up and be a trainer. And you can work on that part. And that can be a really good thing for a lot of people. Yeah, real good job. No, that's a great example you guys in that. I, somebody guys know me and you know that I own a sports performance company here in Arizona. John, we're about to get into season, right? We start in January technically, but we're going to start training in December. We just decided that this morning part of the business. I got a text message at 11 p.m. that I responded to at 430 this morning about when are we starting? And we decided we're going to start on December 30. It is what October 28th when we're recording this. So we have a month and a half or so, little less than that to get everything in order. So John this morning, I renewed my insurance from my training business. $280 out of my pocket to John's point. I have to pay for that upfront. I have it started making money from this season yet. I had to pay that out of my pocket and then put it in a spreadsheet. I also started my flyers and like all my waivers that I have to go send a FedEx to get printed. And that's going to be about 300 bucks. Usually for flyers and waivers and enough for all the athletes that I know I'm going to have coming in. And then I need to go send that off, pay for that, go pick it up. I need to start, do you guys get the point? So there's things that as a business owner, you have to start thinking about you have to plan for it. I need to contact all of my assistants that help me with my training groups and get them all lined up, make sure they're all lined. That's $20 an hour every to my pay. They have them do something, right? So there is a lot that goes into it. If you're organized and you're interested in doing that, it can absolutely be fruitful. But just now, there's a lot of work that you now have to do. Nobody else is going to do it with you. Next question, as someone who just became certified as a personal trainer and wants to work in a facility, what are some things I could be doing to make myself stand out amongst other potential hires that could potentially have more professional experience than me. So I've had to be in a position where I've conducted a lot of interviews of hired a lot of trainers. So I'll give you my perspective. I do think it is great when someone is shows up and is super professional in the sense that I feel like they're going to be a great employee. Here's what I mean. Being a great trainer is one thing. Like, can you train people, can you great programs, whatever? But when you're coming to work at a facility, you're coming to be a part of a team. So are you going to be a great part of the team? Are you going to add to the team? Or maybe that doesn't. Maybe maybe you're going to take away from the team. Maybe you're going to, which isn't the worst thing. But if we're trying to get you to stand out, which is what the question is, do I think this person is going to add to the team and in what ways? So I'd be interested in that. So some of that would be dictated by by you, your personality and your energy, your professional experience, that necessarily in personal training. But otherwise, because this is a business in a sales job. So maybe you have some skills and talents there. Working in the facility, there's a customer service aspect of it. If you don't know this, oftentimes, in especially, I've worked in some high-end places, we get high-end customer service training as a part of what we do, especially, again, for those places where that's a big emphasis, because a lot of health clubs, that's a big part of what they do is they're trying to provide the hospitality that, like, in some cases, hotels give. So again, and I work for some health clubs that we're partner with hotels, so that it baits sense in those places. But what sort of things are you bringing as an employee? And then, you know, I tend to look for people that seem to have a willingness to learn, a willingness to grow, and you know, we're truly there to help people for sure. But, you know, some of the little things that I think are important, when I asked people what sort of questions they would have for me, I really appreciated it when they had some good questions. And even the straightforward questions, like, you know, how are they going to get paid? Or what are my expectations from them as their manager? I appreciate a question like that. So, so things like that, I think are are really good things to do because, you know, I always tell people this and so I respect another people. I'm not just interviewing you. I think you should be interviewing me to see if we're a good fit because I can't totally decide that for you. That's up for you to decide. So, I think those are some of the things that can help you to stand down. Just on a more negative side, here's what else can make you stand out. If you're late, if you don't show up, if you don't show up dressed up for, you know, a professional interview, which might just be business casual, but to get, if you show up, like you're ready to, you know, play basketball or something to an interview for a job, that wouldn't work for me. That would stand out in kind of a negative way. And if you were to interview with me, this would just be me, but not necessarily everyone else. I did like to ask people what their philosophies were as far as fitness and nutrition and wellness because if you had some philosophies, that might make you stand out. I wouldn't necessarily hold it against you if you didn't have some because that's a tough question for some people, but it would make you stand out if you had answers to those questions. Agreed. And John, all great things that you're bringing up here, but also people often ask us what should I put on my resume if I don't have any fitness experience? All the things John just said to go back and read, listen to his answer, right? What customer service experience do you have? Have you ever helped somebody solve a problem, right? Have you ever worked in a team, right? All the things that they're going to ask you about in person, put that on your resume because I'm sure for most personal training jobs, they probably get dozens and dozens if not more of resumes for each job. Everybody has a certification, they should, right? But what else can you put on there that makes you stand out in a way that you would be a good part of the team or provide all those things that John just mentioned. So I love that. All right, John. The next question was, with a client that has a history of giving up with previous trainers, how do you keep them engaged and motivated so you don't feel them as well? Well, first point, and you know, I love this one, I have questions. You should probably start by asking them, part of our interview process that we talk about in our course by the way, in our program, Design Model Guys is have you ever worked with a fitness professional before? That's great information to know, right? It gives you insight to A or have they ever paid for service in before because if they have, they probably more likely to do it again, right? But secondly, if they've worked with a trainer before, your next question is, well, why aren't you working with them now? Right? It's I moved or I wasn't getting what I wanted, right? We might want to find out why they left that other person's in our stopped working with another fitness professional. Let them tell you don't make the assumption. So I would say start by how do you keep this person engaged and motivated, find out what happened, right? With as much detail as they care to share what happened before that made you stop working with this person, okay? And then another great question instead of assuming you know how to fix that, how can I provide an experience for you that's going to be different? Let them tell you what they would prefer, right? And that's why a lot of what we do in our interview process for the program design model is asking preference. What not just what types of exercise do you like to do? What environment do you like to work out? Well, have you want to be coached? You tell me because clearly somebody didn't ask you that potentially, right? How do you want me to coach you? What would you rather have different versus, oh, tell me about this person? Oh, they were terrible for you, but right? We're not here to talk about the other person. Just tell me how I can do it differently. Exactly what do you want? And I can see if I can provide that for you. So I actually would like this question, John. It starts with asking questions to find out what happened, right? What was their experience before and what did they not? Like what did they like about their previous trainers? And how can you offer them something that they would prefer? Right? Meaning you have to understand their preference. Anything else, John, that you would like to add for this one? Well, it just goes to show you sometimes we kind of overlook what's right in front of us, right? Like the question was, with a client, with a history of giving up on previous trainers, how can we keep them engaged? And it's like wrestling ourselves. If only there was someone I could ask, who would know the answers to this? And it just happens to be that person. It happens to be your client. So, so ask them. And don't you think they would appreciate it if you said, all right, so it sounds like you haven't had some great experiences in the past. Tell me about that. And how can I make this experience really work for you? Because then you'll get the answers like you don't ask me, you know, I have that as Jenny, you're asking the person that you're actually trying to give the good experience to. Next question, can this CPTB used abroad outside the United States? International Sport Sciences Association emphasis on the international. So, yes, now does this mean it's going to be your entry into the profession in every single place all over the world? No, because there are some places, some countries like the like the person that comes to mind is Australia where they have kind of their own education systems for for this profession. So, you wouldn't necessarily just go through as you would have to kind of meet their standards. But I don't even know how many countries were used in, but it's a lot, Jenny. I don't know if you happen or no one number. We are in 172 countries, if I remember correctly. But John, you make a great point, there are some places in the world, you guys where they have their own rules and regulations around it that's outside of any certification organization out there, not just us. So, yeah, John said Australia, I can think of the United Kingdom, so the UK, England and the Middle East, specifically Saudi Arabia. I know of people in those areas where they have something called reps, which is called the registry of exercise professionals. And it dictates how they have to learn the information they can't do it online. They actually have to do it with an in-person component and then there's additional tests that they have to take in those areas. We have nothing to do with that. So, what John's telling you guys is that if you are anywhere in the world, you might want to go find out what the regulations are, what you need in order to do this job are, meaning go to a potential employer. Even if you don't plan on working for an employer, you might want to ask somebody, hey, what do you guys require for employment? Because that'll give you a good idea, even if you're going to be working for yourself, what you might want to have in place to make sure that you're qualified to do what you're doing. Because everybody else, if everybody else has these qualifications over here and you're working for yourself and all you have is this, do you see how that might be weird? So, if you're not going to work for another organization, you might want to align with what everybody else in the industry in your area has to be in compliance essentially to make sure that you're right on the same plane field as they are. Great point, John. Next question here. What a 30-minute circuit, the best for group workouts or longer for individual workouts like 45 minutes and longer for individual workouts. So, they're saying 30 minutes for group workouts, 45 minutes for individual workout or like one-on-one, there is no one answer to this. We talk about frequency in the course. Frequency is how often are you doing something, right? Then we can talk about duration. How long are you doing it for? Guys, there's something that really makes sense to understand before you start deciding how long your training sessions are going to be. What's appropriate for what you're doing? I do 30-minute training sessions with my youth athletes, but it's either before after a two-hour volleyball practice. So, that kind of makes sense. Then, why do we want to do a two-hour training session after a two-hour practice or before a two-hour practice? It doesn't make sense. So, 30 minutes is usually more than enough time for 12 and 13 and 14 but also if it's a large group, I don't know what type of training are you doing? Where are you doing it? There's lots of things that you might want to consider before you decide how long it's going to be and also when it comes down to one-on-one sessions, there's no wrong answer here. But the biggest question would be John. How long do you have to train each time we see each other? Because if John tells me he has, oh, I have 90 minutes. I can do up to 90 minutes. Okay, do you see how that's one story? But if John says, yo, I'm coming in on my lunch break and by the time I change and get out there and then have to change and go back to work, I only have about 30 to 40 minutes. Do you see how then 30 or 40 minutes might be the best answer for John? Okay, and then John, I know you're probably going to speak to this. It depends on where you work to. If you're working in a facility, sometimes they have structured durations of sessions that you're selling or are supposed to be delivering, right? Yes to all that. And then the way the question was phrased was, with 30 minutes circuit the best for groups and longer be for individuals. And there, no, I mean, it could be, but it also could not be. It depends. I mean, 30 minutes is a short group workout to be honest with you. So, you know, and whereas you can get a lot done with a individual in 30 minutes, because you're just coaching that person rather than trying to control a whole lot of group. But I've taught 30 minute groups. I've done 60 minute groups. I've done 30 minute one-on-one sessions, I've done 60 minute one-on-one. So, it all comes down to you with the time that you have to work with them. Does your plan kind of accomplish what you want to accomplish within that amount of time? So, any and all of those are possible. Next question, when it comes to a clore depth, what are foods? One can look for that can give them a better sense of society to feel full longer between meals and avoid snacking. So, I mean, I guess there's basics. Like, if you eat tons of nutrient dense, not calorie dense, nutrient dense vegetables, I guess that could help. That's a, that's kind of one of my ways to do it. It's like, if you eat a whole bowl of vegetables, that's a whole bunch of food that you put in your stomach. So, therefore, there's only so much room for additional food in there. It's rich and fiber. So, I mean, these vegetables would kind of be that demand as well. So, so that could be a way to go about it. Usually fatty foods help you to keep full, stay full longer. But, I mean, if you're trying to avoid the calories, then maybe that's not the choice. But again, I think there are simple answers. I think fruits and vegetables can be great for this. Now, the fruits and might depend on which fruit you're picking, but fruits and vegetables can be great for justice because you get a lot of nutrients, a lot of substance to what's going on in your stomach. There is a stretch reflex that happens in your stomach where when your body senses the stretch that it sets as fullness. That's what you feel when you're feeling fullness. So, simply putting a lot of food in your stomach that is not full of calories is kind of a way to go about this. Yeah, great point, John. And you mentioned vegetables and things like that. Vegetables are generally speaking, not very calorie dense, but very nutrient dense, but they're filling, right? And our body can't break down a lot of cellulose, which is the major component of plant matter. So, yeah, I mean, I think it's also subjective too, right? There's some people who like, could eat like a small bag of baby carrots and feel full for four hours. That's me. And there's somebody that might eat them and not feel full, right? Simply with a big old salad. John always talks about his giant salad. He loves to make. There's some people that would eat a salad, John, and not have to eat for the rest of the day because there's some big, full, all day. So, I think some of that comes down to what do you try and do accomplish with this snack, right? Like John said, you're looking for something that's calorie dense, not calorie dense, has certain nutrients in it, et cetera. That'll help kind of help you narrow down some of the foods that might make sense to eat or combine, and then maybe it's a trial and error. Try it. Let's see when you pay attention to when you feel hungry again. If that and if this works for you, let's go with that. Right? So, there's no one to answer. Sometimes it's trying it out and what are you trying to accomplish? All right, John, one last question. What's your suggestion when we work with a client who receives potentially contradicting unscientific advice from a professional air quotes of alternative medicine, which hinders our work in their progress? So, I would ask questions. Right? So, first of all, what information are they getting that might be contradicting or hindering their work or progress? Right? Who do they hear it from? If they have a natural path, so this person says alternative medicine, I don't know what that means. I immediately thought of like a natural path or something, but I don't know, this can mean a lot of different people. What information are they getting? Who do they hear it from? And do we have any information to share with them that may whether or not it contradicts? I'm not worried about, but do I have any information to share with them about that thing? Right? And maybe it contradicts if it does, then maybe we can help them weed through it. If it doesn't, well, then it's not a problem, is it? So, I mean, I think this question, the root of it, is asking questions of the client. What information are they hearing? How do they understand it? Do they understand it? And where do they hear it from? And then educating filling in blanks. But at the end of the day, we have to remember that what people want to listen to or adhere to or follow is completely their choice. All we're here to do is ask questions, educate, and then let them make it hopefully informed decision. Anything you would add for that one, John? Yeah, I guess we ought to put them in a position where they got to make a choice because the end of this question says, which hinders their progress? So, I mean, I guess that's the conversation. What are they going to prioritize? They want to prioritize doing this other stuff? Or do they want to prioritize what we're doing? But it seems like they're working against each other. So, you know, I guess that's the conversation to have is if if you, if they're doing things that are working against each other, I would want to make sure they're making good use of their time and mind. So, let's just talk about it. And this could end up in, you're not having that client anymore, it could end up that way. Or, you know, maybe they decide to kind of change and kind of stick with you. But I think the conversation has to be had otherwise you're working with a client that's not getting results. You're doing work that's not getting results because they're choosing to do something else and that's not a great use of your time. Yeah, and I think often in those situations, it's somebody who doesn't understand that attended their progress, whatever it may be. So, it's education, right? Show them that how this is impacting them because they may not be aware and it starts with awareness for sure. I agree. Well, Jenny, we did it. We got through all these questions. Hopefully this was helpful for you all. Oh, let's pretend like we're like YouTubers. So, you know, like and subscribe the channel. So, that you can get alerts. The next time one of these comes out because otherwise, I'm not sure how you all would hear about it other than seeing it in your course. But, yeah, let's try that out and see if we can grow this thing. And if it's great for you guys, maybe Jenny will have to come over the other things put on our YouTube. I know. I know, but we will be posting this in the course itself though, too guys. So, it's easy to get to, but it will be on our YouTube channel. So, yes, you can like and subscribe our channel. Go to YouTube search for ISSA online and join us there because we do post a lot of great content on our YouTube channel as well. So, we look forward to seeing you there. Perfect. All right, thanks everybody. We'll see you next time on Office hours after hours. Bye guys.

=== FILE: ISSA Talk w⧸API Fitness ｜ Insurance for Fitness Professionals：  Everything YOU should know! [aDbJFEGiaTw].txt ===

Welcome back everyone for another ISSA talk. I am always excited to have people with me who want to share great information with you guys, but today I'm super excited about the topic that we're talking about. It's going to be about insured today, you guys, and not health insured. So we're going to clarify that as we get started, but I am very much involved with students, whether it's in our boot camps or on our Facebook page and all the time, people are saying, oh, I don't need insurance. Oh, I don't need insurance for they try and skimp on insurance. And people do that and real life and it blows my mind because insurance is there to protect you. So I have some amazing experts that have partnered with ISSA, not only to offer you guys some great services at a great discount rate, but to inform you guys what you need to know about insured. And that's what we'll be talking about today. I have with me Bill Stump and Jim Cooper from API fitness. Hi guys. Hello. Hi, I'm Jim. It's Bill glad you guys could be with me. So could you guys introduce yourselves a little bit and then tell me about API. So Jim, let's start with you. First of all, thank you for having us on. We're excited to be presented here with ISSA. My name is Jim Cooper. I have been training for almost 40 years now. I started back in the early 80s and have been everything from startup gyms to Jim owner for 25 years. This is how I met Phil later on in my career. And you know, so I've along the way, I'm an ASM certified trainer and I've always accumulated more knowledge. I believe in the C use I believe in the the extra curricular stuff that's out there. It'll open your eyes. You don't know what you don't know until you get involved. And that's what I found out through just discovery. I'm an RKC as e Health Practitioner Stickmobile. I really dive into whatever's current that I find valuable to my clients and to myself. So that's my real story. I did meet Phil and my Jim about five years ago. We decided that we'd be a good idea to come up with an Apollo C for personal trainers that are highly certified. We went for the high highly certified personal trainer to offer them the best rate because we're more inclined not to hurt people when we know what we know. We work at taking care of our people, not hurting them percent. Okay. That's my story. Very nice. Thank you, Jim. A lifelong learner, much like myself. I love it. I love it. And Phil, tell these guys a little bit about your thoughts. I'm just about the same time Jim started doing his personal training as we started our insurance operation. There is a need and there was particularly in the 1980s that even the country for insurance companies that could help people who were in these smaller professions. People want big dollar insurance policies because they want big dollar commissions and so forth. But there's a whole bunch of people in categories like personal training and that need insurance. And nobody pays attention to them. And we opened our insurance company back in the 80s, 1986 actually and started providing professional liability insurance coverage for for people in a whole range of different professional niches. And over the years, you know, our other success we started just in California. And I think our first year, we had 150 or 175 clients and today we have about 150,000 clients and we were an hour national and of course in the US territory. So we're covering people all around the country. And I then I ran about 40 pounds ago and I think about eight years ago or so and started working out with him and and you know, you get to know somebody and you can see you already have seen from Jim how passionately is about trying to do things well. And you know, we just we just seemed to fit. And so we got together to have him help us lead this fitness program. That's amazing. Now a couple of things I want to call up for the viewers before we move forward. Bill brought up a couple of great points. You guys first of all, 8 p.m. that around since the 80s. That's well over 40 years now. The industry has changed. It has evolved. It has grown. They have been there along with it. Okay. So it's really important to find an insurance company that understands our industry. That's my second point. Okay. They deal with fitness professionals in specific niches. And they just mentioned it's highly certified individuals. So those of us who continue our education and know a lot of things about a lot of things and work with a lot of different types of clients. So again, they're going to be able to cover those little blind spots. Those things that you might not think about that you need coverage for. So keep that in mind as we go through this conversation. It's very specific. Okay. I'll just jump in and say, you know, kind of a lot of sequence, but whatever. You know, the one thing about the type of exposure that personal trainers and other professionals, you know, that it could be a turnies, doctors, even the carpenters, people that work as a professional for other people have is that they do something wrong and hurt somebody. And it's not like car insurance where, you know, you're driving down the road. Something happens and you get an accident. You guys, you pay the other person. You go your own way. If you're in a profession and you hurt somebody and you get tagged for it or someone claims that you hurt them and you get held responsible for it, that can hang around with you, your entire career. In fact, you devastate you so much because the disruption and the that that it can cause for you, it can, it can take you out of your career. And that's that more than anything is why I think it's so important to work with an insurance company that really knows your profession. Because if something happens, you will want somebody to know the differences between what you do and what other people do the way your business lays out, the way you're working with people so that they can defend you properly and they can tell the difference between a bogus claim that some attorneys trying to push and you know, a real injury that needs to get resolved. I want to ask you to get a sequence there. But no, here's the fact that accidents happen when you least expect it. It's not a planned event. It's an accident. And you don't intend on ever really trying to hurt somebody. But when an accident occurs, it can be as simple as a care being or break an off and smacking in the head. I say that because it didn't happen to my friend's client. But my friend just yesterday had a care being or break and smacked him right in the head. It's an end. And yeah, something inflicted as it is, it could have been a client. It's interesting that you know, film it a point once about, you know, if you're using bands, it's not a bad idea to put some kind of protection over the eyes. Because they can break and detach a redneck. I put glasses in my band area specifically for that. Yeah, that's a good call out. Or like I use a specifically to call out a brand that I love and we partner with. Strups. They have the sheath bands. They have a fabric covering over them. And that's the purpose. It's not to make it harder to stretch the fabric doesn't stretch, right? Text you if the band breaks, it breaks inside the fabric. Yeah, so good college of, absolutely. And you're absolutely correct. I was going to say the same thing. Accidents are accidents, right? We don't intend for them. And you only need insurance when you need it. It's not like tomorrow. I'm going to need this. So it's important to have. So I want to talk about some of the different types of insurance. And I work with people in all different stages of their career. But I want to ask you guys the most simple question about this insurance. What is liability insurance as a relates to a fit is professional? And how does it differ from the insurance? I'm using airports that people usually think of, which is like health insurance. Completely different. Correct, felt? Right. Yeah. Now, the type of insurance we're talking about here is when health insurance is protecting you in events you get sick or something goes wrong with you. And then you buy an insurance policy. So that if your care is very, very expensive and unusually costly, that that that cost gets born across the whole population of people that are insured. So it doesn't devastate you financially. So health insurance is a little different type of a personality. But liability insurance is all about someone claiming that you did something because them in injury or caused them a loss. Sometimes it's a personal injury, sometimes it's a financial loss. But something you did cause them damage. And if you're in business, you want to have liability insurance because people out there, things can happen and people out there can make claims. I mean, you might be showing someone around your gym and they slip and fall. Oh, now what? Next, you don't think anything of it in three days later, you get a letter from an attorney. You know, if you think everything's cool, but all the sudden there it is, you know, you could you could have a business this operating and has a leaky pipe and it and the water goes down to the unit below you and causes damage to somebody's carpet. And then next thing you, your phone call, you don't even know it happened. And you know, that's the kind of thing that sort of what we call general liability insurance coffers. And every business really should have general liability insurance. Just cover those weird things you see in Montevita commercials all the time. They really do happen, weird things do happen. And that's what the general liability insurance is for. In personal training environment, you have this other exposure, which we talked about briefly professional liability insurance, general liability insurance doesn't cover professional liability. It covers the weird stuff, but it doesn't cover acts or emissions because you as a professional failed to do your job right. That is a special type of insurance called professional liability insurance. And if you're an appeal like a coach or personal trainer, you need to have the professional liability insurance. Some folks have operated a bigger operation. They may get a combo policy is called a Bob of business owners policy. It's a nifty little policy. You should look into it. If you are operating a gym, you know, a couple thousand square feet of space and you, you know, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're gonna fill on operation this your own. You should, you should have a Bob and you used to have a Bob and when you get your, you're on gym. You know, it's sort of a, Bob provides a whole range of coverage. And I strongly recommend people with a more advanced business and broader business to get one of those. If you're an independent person, your liability exposure is a little bit less. It's most typically the slip and fall thing we mentioned earlier. And the good news is our professional liability policy has a component of general liability that covers those kinds of little things that can happen in your business. That Bob also can cover you also in your parking lot. I mean, you know, like I said, everything that has to do with your business, like, you know, slipton falls can happen on the way into your place. They sure can. Yep. And you can have, you know, an accident inside of your parking lot. You know, so just things like that in the trip, it's an oftentimes, so somebody will say to you, oh, everything is fine, everything is fine, everything is fine. I did, it was near fall. It wasn't your fault. And all of a sudden, you get a phone call, like, if you were saying, I just like, I can't believe that person had that like that. It was there fault. Yeah. So, you know, that's what, that's how it rules. Yeah. So, you know, there's the general liability stuff, the professional liability stuff. If you're big enough and you have employees, you got to have workers come in almost every state in the country. And that protects, that's a very special type of insurance that protects your employees if they're injured doing the work for you. It's a very special class of insurance. But if you have employees, then you should have that. I suspect most personal trainers are more independent and don't require that. But if you're depending on the size of your operation, you may also need that type of coverage. But you know, you can get health insurance if you do have employees and it's a great thing to have for employees. But it's, well, you know, it's not that common for a very small business to have that. So, okay, what about Phil for anybody who is traveling like I traveled to my clients, right? Sure. Are you strengthening or my private client? I travel to them in a lot of times. I bring my own equipment. So, if I have my vehicle, my equipment that I have in my garage slash driving around in my car, my person while I'm traveling, damage while I'm driving, things like that, property damage, would that be considered with with liability insurance like with what API over is the right to go to my vehicle insurance for that. Yeah, there are a couple of different things going on here. It's great to bring up these real life situations. They really do mean something to people. If you, first of all, let's, let's talk about the professional liability side of what that conversation. One thing nice about a professional liability policy that's issued by a group like us is it's mobile. It goes with you wherever you go and we know that our professionals are mobile. That's just by their nature. And when I say it goes wherever you go, I mean anywhere in the United States where it's legal for you to do what you're doing, your policy goes with you with protects you. So, you've got this little bubble around you wherever you happen to move, whether it's down in the beach or it's, you know, on a trip to Colorado or what it doesn't make any difference. Your policy goes with you. And with respect to our policy and that little bubble, if you go to some local other location and you're working with somebody and you have a little area that you're responsible for where that train treatment is taking place and someone walks through that area and slips and falls. You've got coverage. It's almost like you created a little mobile office for yourself, the area you're responsible for for slips and falls for your professional services and it goes with you. You mentioned your equipment, that's property insurance. Now, it's a little different because if something you own gets damaged or stolen, then that's your loss, not someone else's loss. So that moves us away from liability insurance, to property insurance. We do offer a property insurance policy pretty nicely catered to the mobile personal trainer. You can get $10,000 in coverage, $25,000 in coverage. And the idea is to cover your personal equipment. It could be your laptop, could be, you know, your fitness equipment that you carry about with you and and then take to wherever location you're providing service. And our little it's a $99 policy, it's a separate standalone policy and it will cover you wherever you go with in the get in the United States for your property. That's your your your personal trainer equipment. Now, that also just to add to that say you don't have a couple thousand square foot gym, but you just want to operate out of like a small space. Maybe 400 square feet. I mean, it doesn't take a lot of space to fill enough equipment to do your job. Just, you know, the time size of a good size room, right? You you probably don't have $10,000 worth of gear in there. So that might be something you can do in lieu of a box. Is that correct, Phil? Yeah, that's right, because the box they're great, but they're more expensive. They're in the $500,000 range minimum pricing and they're great policy, but they're just they're for a little larger operation. Got it. Very cool. There's options. And I mean, if this sounds daunting to somebody like, oh, I have to think about this and that and that's that's what you call somebody like you guys, because you'll ask them some questions about their business and what they do who they work with, and you'll tell them what they need and then pick what they would like to pay for, right? Yeah. The automobile question is a little different one. There's so many circumstances that could arise with the automobile, but primarily when you're driving your vehicle, your vehicle coverage is the primary coverage responsible for liability that results in that situation. So that is pretty much an automobile insurance policy issue there. Perfect. So that makes sense. Yeah. So then you probably don't want to have bare minimum insurance on your vehicle either. We don't offer auto-homobile insurance policy so you can get that from your state of mind or whatever else you're working with. Nice. Nice. So a lot of trainers, though, too, gentlemen, work at gyms, right? And gyms often will provide coverage for anyone who works for them that says if you are employed by us and you're working in a property on our property with our clients and met with our members, you are covered, but do they still need protection as well? Well, yes. I mean, the gyms are there, their coverage is there to protect you. And they do protect you for activities that take place on their premises with their clients. Great. But we just got through going through how mobile personal trainers are and, you know, virtual as well, virtual and virtual and we cover that as well. So it's entirely probable that a personal trainer, aside from the work they do at a gym, are going to do some other work. And, you know, when you have a policy, you can get for 110 bucks a year, it covers you for all those other things. What you don't want to have is some activity that creates a gap in coverage. And now, you know, well, you're covered for the gym, but you weren't at the gym, and no, you know, you weren't the gym, but that wasn't one of our clients, who is that a friend you brought in there? What, I've that happened. You know, you were at the gym, but you were doing an online session while you're at the gym. So you don't want to get in that, you don't want to think to fall in that crack. And frankly, I think most personal trainers really do do a little bit of training here and there in other environments, even working with friends. You know, you, you, you know, you may not think a friend is an issue, but if someone gets hurt, you don't know what's going to happen. So, like, people need to understand that. Like, your friend, it could be your best friend, your BFF, which could potentially still sue you, right? Well, that's right. And, and you think about, you know, the, whether it's your best friend or someone you know pretty darn well, what we experience and we've experienced as many times is that when the claim occurs, when an injury happens, and particularly if the injury is serious, there's a whole bunch of people you've never heard of before that are close to that person that come into the picture. They are to be a college buddy who's an attorney or, you know, they're next to their neighbor and good friend who's a doctor. And they've all got opinions about what you should do and how you should handle your situation. And, and, and again, the more serious it is, the more that person who's your friend ends up being the guy who comes to you and say, hey, you know, I'm really sorry. I know I'm your friend, but, you know, people that know this have told me I need to do this. And the next thing you know, you get served with lawsuit. And that happens. That's it. We see it all the time. So, I wouldn't rely on the fact that they're your friend or your client. And believe me, I realize that because in almost every profession we serve, our professionals have close relationships with their clients. So, they help us. It's no doubt it helps. It helps with the steadying and the being more reasonable. But it doesn't take away that exposure. Yeah. So, wait. One thing I would say, guys, is a, opinions are like body hair. Most people have far more than they care to admit. First story, right? That's awesome. Okay. So, yes. So, we don't want to make sure that we're protected from anybody. And also, think about it like this. I know we talked about it kind of offline before we popped on. Sometimes people won't get insurance because they think that that's a reason for people to sue them because they say, oh, you have insurance. Well, some people think that about their friend. Right? Oh, my friend got injured when we were working out together. Right? And they want to believe in them. But they're like, oh, I'll just see your insurance and get some money. Settlement, right? They see dollar signs. Right? But if you don't have that coverage, then they're essentially suing you either way, they're suing you. So, it's like, it gets weird. And it does happen on a regular basis. And people don't want to talk about it. But it happens more than you think, right? Yeah. I can understand if you're an OBGYN and you're paying a $120,000 a year for a malpractice insurance policy, why that purchase becomes a really big undertaking for you. You know, but when you, when you are risking the potential of having that gut punch that you experience when all the sudden you realize, oh, my God, what just happened? You know, what's going to happen next? And instead of having that feeling, you go, oh, this is why I haven't insurance to cover this, whatever happened, this little situation. You want that insurance there because you, you want to build a proceed through your day with the peace of mind and knowing that it's something as Jim points out. Something unexpected happens. I mean, even just think about how, I don't know if your friend has insurance probably does, but just imagine Jim's friend who had to walk in the head didn't have insurance that whack in the head would it, he probably would have had to run through his head would have, what if that happened to a client? I don't have insurance. You don't want that feeling, ever. And you don't need to have it with the insurance as affordable as affordable as it is. Yes, for sure. Yeah, agreed. So Jim is speaking of affordability in the move on to a couple more questions for you guys. People think that insurance is expensive and failure made a great point for a doctor, a surgeon, right? It might be several hundreds of thousands of dollars just because of the amount of coverage they have to carry. Even with certain policies that can cover up to like a million dollars or something to that effective property and personal injury and all these other things, like there's some pretty hefty coverage out there for a couple hundred dollars. And that's a session or two, right Jim? So in your experience, it's worth it, right? It's totally worth it. You know, where we're like Phil said it's a hundred and ten dollars for a year. If you're initial, if you're initially starting up with us, you're part of the ISSA team, we have extended a discount of $50 off of that. Thanks. For a million dollars coverage, $3 million at aggregate. If you needed to expand on that, we have the capability of doing that as well. Some states do require a little more insurance. So if you're in that kind of state, just call that out and we do offer, I believe it's two and two million per and then $6 million. Is that correct, Phil or four? Six million. Yeah, six million. Yeah. So you know, and I believe that's only one of the hundred and twenty dollars. Yeah, that's right. So it's only $10 more. There's really one to get boost your coverage. Yeah, that's available. Perfect. Yeah, so the value is there. Right. The value provisiveness is there. And generally speaking, most people think, oh, personal training, save or I'm not anticipating anybody getting hurt. Like we've been talking about for the last few minutes. So at the end of the day, you guys is insurance important. What if like, do we do we need it? Yeah, I think I'm going to Jim, what are you talking about? You know, the the profession, the actual substance is safety. I'm going to, I want to talk about a little something still a little something different than that and response to this insurance. It's important. But you understand, you know, you're in a German environment. It can be a chaotic when you're there. There's other people doing their trainings around you. You have to look for that safe. And you're in your, um, sub-contracted space and you're sharing with other trainers. So that's where you need your personal training insurance. Or they usually won't even let you start your business there. But you're in there, you're sharing space, you know. And that accident can hurt come from you or it could come from the other side of the room. You know, they're throwing balls. They're doing points. They're swinging kettlebells. They're hitting ropes. They're doing specific agility. I mean, all over the place. You got the runway. You got your, you got your periphery. Some guys doing sprint and he can't stop and runs right in here. I mean, you know, it all around you. That's a very good point, Jeff. Yeah. Yeah. And really this statistic show that it is not surprising. Fitness engaging in fitness. It's a risky activity. I mean, you know, you look at all sports activities nationally. Fitness training related injuries are the number one reason for admissions to ER related to fitness activity. So, you know, over 400,000 admissions last year, which was the number one cause of admissions in fitness in the fitness arena in the United States. I'm not trying to say it is a horribly risky environment. But the statistic show that there's a lot of injuries that take place. It's just that you people are engaged in an active. They're not sitting playing bridge. They're getting after a life. And, you know, you're taking a risk. And there are some injuries that happen. And so you should be, you should be aware that, you know, absolutely. Yeah. So, I agree. It's something like I said, I carry insurance. I've actually pulling my nuppo here. So we can chat about it afterwards. Well, yeah. The other program I wanted to mention, less, less about the actual substantive risks like Jim was talking about in the physical environment is you are operating in a world that has an entire constituency out there of lawyers who specialize in going after people if someone else is injured. And you've heard that, I'm sure you've all heard the term personal injury attorneys. And that there's a whole national plaintiff's bar of personal injury attorneys out there. And all you have to do is go online and you'll see it doesn't take you but two minutes to find an ad for some of those lawyers advertising why personal trainers are dangerous and you should talk to them if you've had an injury. And the way it works is they get paid only if they're able to win their case. They only able if they're able to recover money for you. And so they're financially motivated that this polished-bated fate, you know, they're they're not worried about doing the right thing for the personal trainer, you know, getting to the bottom of whether the client was responsible or or the trainer was responsible. They're interested in building a case that proves that the trainer was responsible for whatever the injury is and getting compensated for it. And there's a lot of energy out there. And frankly, I think that energy is the risky part of all of this because those people are out there all the time looking and trolling for people that they can they can extract money from and it's our job to defend and defend our people when that happens. Absolutely and because of that, like we call them sharks, right? There's people out there who are going after people for the express purpose of making money at the end of the day, they know what to look for. They know what to go for. So again, guys, this is why it's important to make sure that you're picking an insurance company that specializes in what you do to make sure that all your little nukes and crannies and back doors are covered. Yeah, so it becomes super super important. So is there anything else outside of getting the coverage? Is there anything else that personal trainers should be doing to protect themselves? Phil, I want to start on the insurance side and the gym is a previous gym owner. I want to know your advice on that too. What should we do? You talked about safety, why does your what? Because we are big proponents of safety. Well, I mean, really at the end of the day, you just got to cover your bases, you know. And the accident is an accident for the most part. You don't know when it's going to come. So for sure, the most important thing is to cover your bases. I mean, you just have to be sure of why you're doing to protect the folks that you're with to protect yourself. You know, it's not only for yourself, it's for them too. If something happens, because the accident is an accident, you don't want to pay for it out of your pocket. Yeah. Yeah, I think that, you know, at the end of the day, people think about their environment and their activities and just focus on safety. You know, here you have a client who wants to take their life from here to here and to go from here to here, they've got to push themselves. But they don't want to push themselves too hard. Because if you push them too hard, yes, something's going to break. And so as a personal trainer, you want to observe their progress and their response to treatment or to to fitness regimens and make sure that you're pushing them and they're moving forward. But by the same token, yours, you're engaging with them to make sure that you're staying in balance. And Jim talked about the physical environment of the space. You want to make sure that physical environment is a safe, is it can reasonably be? Because there's a lot of stuff in things. You know, this is why we're teaming up with ISSA. They have protocols of place. They have a teach the trainer, phases of training. And these phases are where you take your clients on that journey. You don't just start them off at extreme training because you're going to a lose the client. You're going to hurt the client. You're going to build a bad reputation for that kind of training. Yeah, trainers have a stigma. There is a stigma with a trainer, a good personal trainer. Oh my gosh, that guy must be really beaten you up. I mean, that's the fun. That's the fun. And that's not a proof. I mean, I really take that kind of personally because I said, you know what, really ultimately, I'm here to cultivate your longevity in wellness. This is a journey. And when you take it seriously, you're going to realize, and not only are you spending time with me, but you are obligated as we age to do something on a daily basis, just to move your body and prepare yourself for going to the office for going and, you know, wherever you're going, you don't want to just get up and just go. You want to move a little bit. So these are the things of what with my trainees, I teach them, and I said, let's just have some ownership to this thing we're calling fitness. What you do with me is one thing what we do on our own is another and it's so good to be accountable. That's how Phil got where you went. He, he dove in and made it a life on daily thing. And he just built himself up to a regular actually. And now he just looks forward to the time of the jump. Or wherever he's going to go do his thing. Yeah, I love that he said that Jim, I literally yesterday posted something on my Instagram. It was a funny like a picture of a jam and I had a book of Jason Beatman back there saying something. It was like every client to their trainer he says, you are literally the meanest person I've ever met. Yeah, and I posted it. I get told you how many previous clients wrote me and we're like, yes, I say that about you all the time. I'm like, what are you talking about? All right. So what we're talking in the week is what I want to think of as if I have time. I'll just mention, I thought if you as a personal trainer can think about disclosing to your client exposures, it will create a very good discipline for you because in the process of thinking about what can go wrong and then explain it to the client, you start to become more aware in your own activities of how to not have that happen. But also your clients be aware of their potential exposure and help them not have those things happen. So I think disclosures are really good discipline. If you feel awkward, hey, you might hurt yourself. If you feel awkward to say it, but if you start to create a discipline to a discipline, it will help you. I agree, Phil, and that's a great point as a trainer and Jim can probably agree with me. When you, it's not like you're going to be like, okay, we're doing catabulps. Hey, make sure that you don't hit shirt knee, right? We don't want to point out the things that could go wrong because she has a job and they're going to focus on that and it's very good. But if you say, hey, make sure that we're swinging the safely, make sure there's no one in your space. Make sure we don't hit anybody. Just give them general, like, hey, look out for these things. If it does happen, they're less likely to be like, this is your fault. Hmm. That's great. Right? Absolutely. So awareness is half the battle. But speaking of, actually, that's a great segue into my last question for you guys. So a lot of people that I talk to, whether it's on our Facebook page or in classes, when we're teaching, say, oh, I have a waiver. Right? We talk about the liability waiver. It is a legally binding document. So we give an example of it in our courses, but we don't provide the actual document. And when people ask why my response is, it's illegally binding document. So we'll read through it and then maybe go online and find a bunch of others. Go to your gym and ask for the liability waiver. Read through that. Find the pieces that make sense for your business, put it together for yourself. And then hopefully you're having a legal professional review it before you start handing it out. People's make sure everything is covered. All your eyes are dotted and your teeth are crossed. But the waiver is not the end. I'll be all the waiver, or it does not replace having insurance. Right? That's not going to get the job done, right, Phil? That's right. And not only that, the waiver is, isn't really, you should first of all, you should get it. Insurance, I mean, a legal professional. I'm not a legal professional, can give you some coaching on this. But I think you'll find that if you talk to legal professionals, they'll tell you that you have a duty to your clients to keep them safe. And there's a standard of care that you have with your clients to keep them safe. You cannot waive that responsibility. That's an absolute responsibility you have. You can have the client sign of documents says, I waive all right to hold your responsible for any injury or experience, but that waiver is not going to be enforceable. What's way more important than waivers is making sure your client is informed and they consent to the activity they're engaging in with full awareness of the risks of that activity. And that document, by the way, is called an informed consent. And it, it instead of focusing on trying to get you to say your responsible not them, it focuses on, hey, you need to know that what you're doing has these risks and you're willing to confirm you're willing to engage in this activity, knowing that these risks are present. And we'll do our most part, but you have to also know that there's some stuff that just happens. And it just happens. And I think that if you focus on that whole concept of disclosure, most, that'll be the most helpful. The waiver, here's your choice. spend $110 with an attorney to draft up a waiver and spend 20 minutes doing, because that's how much his time is going to cost you. We're spending 110 bucks on an insurance policy that will protect you. I spent 110 bucks on the insurance policy frankly. Last I checked under attorney goes about $450 an hour. That's it. It's one minute or 60 minutes. God forbid, it goes to 61 minutes. We're going to screw risk reward, right? No, I just caution you. The waivers are, you know, to have an attorney really look at those. If you want to rely on a waiver, really have them look at, I think, and I really would focus on informing them of exposure first and foremost over the issue of having trying to get them to wave their rights to pursue in the event of an injury. That's great. I'm great. Awesome. Well, thank you so much. This has been a really good conversation. I'm glad we cleared the air on a lot of this. And I'm glad you specified filled like the different types of insurance because that's something that I knew a little bit about, but I didn't realize there was maybe a couple more that I didn't consider. So, basically, we want to look a little deeper into the policies that I currently hold. But where can our viewers learn more about API? I will include some links in the description for this episode for anyone who's interested, including our partnership link where we can talk about that discount here in a second. But where can they find at API? Yeah, I fit in this.com number one. That's our website. And we're also have a link on the ISSA website. So they can find us there either way. You know, Google search, of course. But yeah, those are those are the two avenues right now that are going to get your quick response and you'll get the information you need. And we'll be going to start talking. And we're going to encourage us maybe five minutes approximately and you submit a payment. It probably takes longer for you to type name and credit card information to pay for the coverage that it does to complete the application. And then the insurance policy is transmitted to you electronically. So yeah, it's really super easy. Amazing. And then the discount you mentioned Jim was $50 off of the one year coverage. For the $50 off your initial coverage. So if you're switching insurance, if you're a newly certified trainer and you're part of the ISSA team, certainly those discounts are going to go towards you. Yeah, for sure. Excellent. Excellent. That's a great deal, guys. It's somebody who pays for their insurance. I do every two years. That's pretty standard, pretty good. I love it. Thank you guys so much again for sharing all this amazing information. I'm looking forward to chatting with you guys a little bit more because I'm going to have some business coming your way. But any last words you want to share with our viewers today on insurance, liability, protecting your own but but anything like that. Thanks for having us for no reason. Yeah, thank you. You're you're you're made really comfortable. You're you seem like a really fun person. Thanks. I'm like borderline crazy, but you know, I think all of us in fitness are linear, linear, right? That is awesome. Thank you guys so much. And guys, thank you for watching this. Go back, listen again. Thank you for coming for this information because again, it isn't important. It's not something you want to skip out on. Take the time, invest in yourself. And this is part of that. So thank you guys so much for watching. Check out the links and take advantage of that discount. We'll be talking to you soon.

=== FILE: ISSA Talk w⧸Angela Gargano - Strong Feels Good： A Ninja Warrior’s Guide to Online Coaching [ArCMM5-_YXM].txt ===

Welcome back everyone for another I.S.S.A. Talks Episode. I'm your host, Jenny Leiball. I'm super excited to be here with an amazing not only influencer but like an actual trainer who's out there doing all the things that a lot of you guys want to do. So I'm super excited to learn about her career and also we're going to talk to her about how she uses something called true culture to the partner of I.S.A. Great platform. One of many let's be honest but I want to know how she uses this platform. I have with me Angela Gargano welcome Angela. Thank you so much for having me. Yeah, super excited to hear about you. So I know that you've done quite a few things so will you tell our listeners or our watchers a little bit about you and that's some of the things that you've done. Yeah, I mean definitely have an extensive background. So if you want to hear like my titles I've been on American Ninja Warrior six times which is pretty wild. I also won the Miss Fitness America in 2016 and right now I have been on three different covers of magazines, oxygen magazine, women's health, local magazine. But more importantly what I do is I actually have been helping women specifically conquer their pull ups online. I should do it in person. And as a trainer you know my experiences I owned my own physical gym for about two years. So I worked. I've done the whole like 5 a.m. to like 9 p.m. training people every single day where I learned a ton about what different types of you know beginner to intermediate to advance. The age levels that you learn a lot by doing. So definitely get a lot of in person. Then I wound up shutting down that gym and I was working in New York City for a while. So I was working with a lot of celebrities, things along those lines a little bit different. But I was more there to really learn from the trainers that were in that space. So I could really learn about the techniques they use so that I could bring it to my clients. And now I'm physically completely online. We have an award-winning pull-up program like I said we primarily cater to just women to help them conquer their pull-up, which has been really exciting. And yeah, we've been at this for I was looking at it since like 2018 I've been doing this online. That's awesome. So we'll definitely get to your online coaching. But Angela, I'm actually curious. And this is kind of off-stripped. But there's a lot of people out there who want to open their own facilities. Can you talk to us a little bit about what that experience was like and maybe some reasons why you ended up leading that space? For sure. I mean, I think that what happens is a lot of times you're training, maybe you're training out of a facility or maybe I was training. I was like renting space from a spot that I was at for a while, right? And then all of a sudden and I went from like not having a ton of clients to like a lot of clients. And the next thing is like they're all like when you're going to open your own gym, like you're going to do it. And I just like, okay, like whatever. I guess what I didn't personally realize when I first started, this is when I was obviously much younger, but I'm very like messy action girl. Like I'll just go for it. There's a lot more that goes into it than you open a gym. You definitely turn in from being, you know, you're primarily working with your clients, which is so important. You're going to still do that. But now when you own a physical location, when I went at finding a spot to rent, you know, you have other things to worry about, right? So you've got to worry about, you know, the accounting, the landlord stuff, the cleaning, the, you know, thinking about the author. It's just other stuff that you're going to have to work on as well as paying the employees, make sure that making sure that people are actually paying you because now you have an overhead of a whole space that you need to take over. So while I 100% love working with my clients, the other things were things that I just kind of, you know, I had to learn as I get eyes at one. But I don't know what I was thinking. In my head, I was like, I'm an open this gym. It's just going to be the same. I'm just going to work with clients all the time. But there's a lot of other things that go into owning a business and opening a gym. So sometimes I feel like if that's something that someone on here wants to do, if you want to open a gym, I'm so happy I had that experience. I thought it was great. The reason why I stopped doing it is because I realized that I really wanted to travel more and, you know, do all these different things and it's really tough to do that when you have your own facility. I mean, it's really going to take a while for that to be a thing. Some people are super happy with just staying at their gym all the time. They didn't want to leave, like whatever that's told them, then it's totally for you. But for me, I was like, I want to go travel into these things and I couldn't do those things when I owned my physical facility. So that's why I stopped doing it. Yeah, and they keep it being real with that because some people don't realize, like, oh, yeah, I can't take vacations. Oh, yeah, I can't leave. Oh, yeah, I don't really get days off, right? Especially if you want to be hands on and can it. Like, you're there every day. And I've owned a business. It wasn't fitness related. But I had a dog daycare fun fact. For a dozen years. And I was one of those people like dogs. Our people's children. There you go. You're a little guy. Oh, it's about a little nugget. Yes. But dogs are people's kids, right? And so I didn't, I, it's, of course, I trusted my staff, you know, but I wanted to be there every day to make sure that it was running exactly how I needed it to run. People felt good, right? I was there with I knew all the animals, right? I get it. And you. Yeah, for sure. This is the same exact thing. A hundred percent. Like you love the people, the things. But then they're not seeing too all the extra pressure that is put on you now. Now that you do on your own facility, right? They're not paying on time, stuff like that's happening. You're like, oh, like, I know you're in a personal level. But like, come on. Yeah, it's a whole nother animal. So speaking of talk to us about that transition from the physical location that you own into online. First of all, was it an easy transition? And then secondly, like, what did that process look like for taking your clients online? For sure. I mean, definitely wasn't an easy transition. Like, first of all, I felt like I was like disappointing everybody by shutting down this gym because you create like a family and, you know, whatever. But, you know, luckily I sat back and I realized, you know, if they're going to be okay, I made sure they were super taking care of. I had there's a lot of gyms that were in that area and I connected them with them and I made sure they've won. And I, you know, I just made sure they had a place to go next because I think that was really important for me. So yeah, shutting it down was really tough. For sure, I didn't make anyone any of the other bit. Like, you know, you lose, like, after all of that. And I actually wound up the transition was tough at first. I actually moved back at home, which was like so tough. And I was living back with my dad. He wasn't really ever home. It's in New Jersey. So I was like, commute into the city. And I really kind of had to pick myself back up from the roundup. Like, I literally was at zero. Like, okay, cool, what do I need to do? But with the last of me that I had, I actually invested in just like finding a coach online to help me figure out how to even online coach because it's very much different to do it online. And that's why I was really happy that I did. I found true coach super early. Like, on, I think a lot of people are finding it now. But I had it for a while because do like, okay, how do I take this experience that I had with them in person and make them feel that same feeling online when I'm not physically like right there next to them. So the first thing I did was definitely learn like went through the course with this, this woman. You're just talking to some more like how to market, try and figure out what you want to work through. And she was great with like the same as me, like just messy action, like just post on Instagram, say that you're getting clients and she was very big on like don't build too much out yet because when you searched for start online, like you're going to figure out your style and what works for you by working with people for someone on one. So um, God, interestingly, like I was so surprised. I got like a good like five women, which is so great. And just kind of went from there, figured out, you know, did my normal kind of evaluation, but did it online to see where they're at. And I really built the program around them and like what they needed. And I learned a lot of like how they, you know, felt supported. How much I actually really needed to check it on them, right? Because I feel like especially like you said what you're dog daycare. Like you feel like when you're not with them, like you want to check it on them all the time. And that can also turn into something that's not helping you there, right? Because you need to be able to like also like live your life and you're like, I'm trying to check it all the time. But then you realize they don't actually need all that, right? Support. They do need check ins and stuff like that. But you figure out what works for you in your lifestyle and you figure out what works for them. I think the biggest transition with it was reminding myself that the reason I stopped owning my gym is because I wanted to create something that worked for me. And it almost felt like selfish to say that. But it's like what works for me? That's still going to give them the same result that I'm not going to have to am not so crazy over delivering on things. And yeah, that sounds like you're not giving them what they need, but you literally are. Like you're still giving them everything. It's just not being obsessed about it all the time. Checking on true code, job the time and seeing it. Like it's like, okay, cool, check on them. Like twice a week, have your office hours like laid out that kind of thing. So yeah, the biggest transition was first. Just figuring out how specifically you're going to train them online and get everyone's styles a little bit different. I really started getting my rhythm and like what was really working for me. And then yeah, did all of the stuff on true code? It's how to put your clients on there. And then once I started developing programs, I started realizing, you know, seeing very similar things over and over again, similar people figuring out the people I really wanted to work with and those things. So then you start to come, you know, figure out basically your template for what your training program is going to be like and you would make the adjustments based on that. And true code just great about that, right? Because after you do that all like with the one client, you can take that, you can try it into a template. And then you can figure out, you know, what adjustments you want to make. Like, there's so many times I had literally same exact situations. Okay, cool. I'm going to use the same template. It worked we know it worked. Maybe I had to just a few days around because the person's schedule is different, which is totally fine. And then you're really figuring that out. And now that I had that whole template because of true code, now my pull-up program is very passive. It's a program that's already made. That one's not hosted on true code anymore, but I literally still utilize true coach for other like for small group training, it's like that as well. But it was so helpful because I went through so many different templates and versions of that program, so that I was able to develop it and now the one program that I have, it works over and over again for all the people coming into it. I love that Angel. And you're bringing up some really good points. So I'm a fitness professional myself of 16 years now and I use true coach for my college athletes. And you're pointing out some really great features of true coach, which I love, which is that you can create like a program essentially. And then you can assign different people to it and have them have different start dates in that program. You're starting on day one. This person's starting on day 10, right? You can basically mold it to what you need it for to be for each person, but it's like a couple clicks versus having to create an entire program for each person. So I love that you're doing that. I love that. The whole video is one of our first ever. Yeah. Yeah, and I love that you're pointing that out because some people like to ever come up with. Oh, can you hear me now? Yeah. Yeah. When you said over when you say over complicated 100%. I feel like a lot of trainers are over complicating in it and it doesn't need to be over complicating like the the basics of wargs. Oh, like it doesn't need to be crazy. And what I love so much about it as well if if you are on here and haven't used a platform as well and the biggest thing is so you know, trainers have had before was said me look full excel sheet, both in like no links to like what the videos are or they're setting me like videos like in a separate thing and I have to like find them and click them and watch them and it looks super annoying. Shugo just great because you create. They have extra size library on there, but I created my own. But once you type in whatever movement it is to it literally puts it directly like that movement is now directly a video in there for your clients. So now you're not like searching and they're not searching. They're right there. They're going through it. They're able to click the video, watch you and how you perform it. This way it's making it seamless for them to show up, right? Because you know, nobody I know for me. I'm that that would be too much for me when they give me like thing. There's not I don't know what this movement means and stuff like that. And then the videos are scattered around. It's all like one nice organized place. Absolutely. And you brought up another thing that I want to ask you about. So you created your own video library which is super easy to do. You basically just shoot a video. You can put it on YouTube or link it from your phone if you're on your phone. But YouTube is easy because then you have a library. You link it and then they see you. Talk to me about the benefits of putting you on their versus using a random exercise library. Yeah. I mean, I really love using myself because when I feel like they feel a little more connected to me. But also, I actually put voice over on all of mine. So about talking through it. You can do that if you want to. I just have me doing the movement and then there's a voice over in the back. And it's just explaining different cues that I have for that movement. And then it's a great place for like let's say that movement has some modifications and things that you always see come up from the people that you had in person. You can now put those modifications in there as well. If it's push ups, okay cool. Here's the push up. If you don't feel comfortable with your push-up just quite yet. Like here you can do it on an inclined. Like so you kind of can tell them all those different things in that one video. But yeah, I think that makes it a little more personal. And every coach is so different with how they cue things, which I think is so special. Like I love the way I I hugged things sometimes like the act like I used to go to the gymnasts. So it's like children sometimes. But they love that. Right? They're like, oh, I remembered when you said to pretend like you're squeezing oranges in your armpits. And then you know, so they're really listening to those things. So I definitely feel like doing the library's very bad official. If you do put it on YouTube, you put them unlisted. It's great. And this way you can now utilize those videos for a million other things as well. They never get lost. And I also find that your coach is great. I'll go in there like when someone has messages in here and Instagram about a move. And they're like, oh, like I was wondering about this one move or something. I'll go into two coach. You can like search the movement. And I just can literally easily get the link then super organized and just send that to them in there as well. I love that. And I love that you're talking about this because you're adding your personality to it to write your cues. I love that you even put modifications in your videos. Because some people will watch a video that has no sound or it's just like music in the background. And they're like, are there elbows bit? Where's their hand? I don't I can't quite tell, right? But yeah, you're able to talk them through it from start to finish as if they were there. So I love that. Yeah, and you know how does to write you. I mean, I need this happen to be all the time. I'm very slow learner. I went to watch a video and then your client goes to perform the work that movement. They think they're doing it right. It's like, I kind of go into the video and then the video because it was so cool. Also about your career just they can video their movement and send it back to you. So you can give them four questions. And then what's what's great about that is they might have watched that video and like really had no idea like just okay cool. You come back on there. You give them some advice, hey, you know what? Make sure your elbows are like this and stuff like that so you can really help them. So yeah, that's why videos are so important to be super clear because even if it's a great video, they might still have things that they just like, doesn't quite click right away. And that's okay. That's what you are there for to be to be a coach. But definitely it being you. I feel like me is it much more personal. Nice. I love that. And yes, I've had clients like professional athlete clients that didn't know how to squat and I didn't know until they set me a video and I was like, oh, that. What are you doing? I'm like, that's not it. We're going to go great start. Oh. Yeah, it's like, is that how you always squat? And you're like, yeah, I was like, oh, no wonder you're that great. I love that. Now, as an early adopter of the true coach. And then I have a couple questions about this American Ninja Warrior thing. We're going to get, but as an early adopter of true coach, are there any features that are available now that you saw them like add along the way that you're like, oh, this is a game changer. Oh, I really like this feature. Are there any features like that? For sure. I mean, I definitely like it's so funny. I'm, I'm trying to get it in pretty involved with them. So I have so many, I'm like, you just, if you did this, it's just be such a game changer. And they definitely have been adding a bunch of different features. One of the ones I really like that they just added was the group messaging before you could like message everybody like separately in one broadcast, which is great. But like, I'm always like the biggest thing, especially as, you know, you start training on the notice that you could definitely do group programs, make more money, the clients get an amazing experience. So now what you can do is you can put them all into a group chat with you and any other coaches you might have like done there as well. And everyone can communicate in that group chat, which is important because community accountability that kind of stuff is going to help them continue to show up. So really happy to the ad that. The ad is the habit tracker that I haven't able to do anything. It was a fully, you said, yeah, but I think that's great because what you, you'll notice as you do your work with your clients is not just the workouts, right? They were, you know, go, are you walking? Like there's a lot of like basic things they may not be doing. So I love what they added the habit tracker. Try to think what else they added. They added like so many different things as like they've had it for so long. I think those are the two big ones that I really was excited that they had added. Nice. Yeah, I agree. I like the calendar view and how you can build the workout on the calendar instead of taking you to another page like other apps that I use or have used in the past. Like when you click on the calendar it takes you to a different window to build the workout, not in the calendar, which makes it so much easier to edit as well. Oh my god. Yeah, especially as a trainer, it's like it's almost like an art. Like you're trying to adjust things. You want to add that. Then you're like, shit, I want to make sure they have enough this movement. It's literally like an art when you're doing it. So it's so great to see that overview of it. Yes. And then you can see the next day and a couple days ahead, you can scroll down and see that then just go right back to it instead of having to change windows all the time. For sure. Oh my, wow. I've never worked with another one. So that would have drove my crazy. Yeah, it does. It makes me so I have it open in like different tabs. So I can see well, what is their last week? Look like what is next week? Look like right? And then this is the workout that I'm building and I have to flip between tabs and it is annoying. Oh yeah, that would make me crazy. Especially because a lot of this stuff for doing is repetitive, right? It's like progressive over low stuff. It's like you're doing the first week is pretty base. They're like base, base, and stuff. And then you're starts to advance it a little bit depending on how they did or what adjustments you need to make. So very important to be able to look at it and see what happened. Yes. Okay. I'm glad I'm not the only one who loves that. So okay. Now Angela, I want to talk to you about some of you and potatoes here. American Ninja Warrior. I heard you used to be a gymnast and you trained gymnast. So that might be your lead in there. And then talk to me how that ended up with your pull-up program. Oh, yeah, super wild. So basically, yeah, I went on American Ninja Warrior because I was really looking for that next thing. I had done fitness competitions in between gymnastics, but I'm sure you weren't athletes while right. I feel like you know how it is. Like for me, I'm going to call a jack-licks. There's over. What am I doing? I'm just doing myself. Those are trying to find things to do. So the second one was like, okay, fitness competitions. So it was kind of still kind of during gymnastics because that's like all the acrobaties to type stuff. But I was looking for the next thing. And people were like, oh, you were really good on the bars in gymnastics. You'd probably be great out of American Ninja Warrior. And I honestly don't watch a ton of TV. So I didn't even know what it was. So my friend convinced me to apply applied to the show. I went and I was like, oh my goodness, I know not an Ninja. Like what have we even knew? And because I only had a few weeks to train for it and find how to ninja, I started to fall in love with the sport. And it was really great about the sport. I really feel like it really challenged me to get a different way. For fitness competitions, yeah, you were being athletic, but it was about what your body looked like. Okay, you got to be Tony, got to be lean, blah, blah, blah. Ninja Warrior doesn't matter if you're like cone and lean or whatever. It's like, can you get through that obstacle? Like you're going to be able to physically make it. So what I loved is that real transition from focusing on what I looked like to my strength. And that's what we really started happening with my clients. So my clients were coming into me and they were like, oh, so cool. It's your American Ninja Warrior. I've always just wanted to be able to do a pull-up. And I'm like, okay, so let's get a pull-up. And immediately they'd say, like, I'm never going to be able to do that. Like, I'm in my 40s or my 50s. Like, I couldn't do it in high school. Like, how am I going to be able to do that now? And I'm like, well, if we try, we 100% can make it happen and make it a reality for you. And in the process of doing this with them, helping them get their pull-up, getting them drills and things along those lines, you start to see a confidence build about them. Like, they started to feel more confident in their body, more confident about, you know, just in, if I can, if they're doing this implacable move, like, they could do a million of these things in their life. They didn't think they could do before. So I really transitioned into just focusing on pull-ups because of that. I feel like it's a great gateway to everything else, right? And I feel like it's really important if you're training online to really niche down. You don't have to niche down like me and be like just a pull-up person. But there's a lot of people out there doing everything. But what if you could do something like, like, one thing very, very, like, well, like, that's what we focus on. And again, it's the gateway. They come in, they get their pull-up with me. And then we have on true coach the next program, which is strong feels good. So they focus on, you know, they're incorporating their pull-ups into full body workouts. So I think really important, you know, for trainers on there to know that as well, figure out like what it is that you're so good at. And I really focus on that. And that would bring them in. And then I'll help them with so many other things. But yeah, the pull-ups just, it really for me, it was about that look on their face when they finally got it. I was like, this is so special. It was just so much more than just the pull-up. It's like, they say, like, I can't remember what they said. People say like, um, they come in wanting one thing. But you give them what they, like, they really needed instead. Um, which I think is the way. I would think. I would think one, you gave them what they needed. Exactly. Right. They come in. They want their pull-up. They came out more confident. They feel better with their body. Ready to try the next thing. Like, it's so exciting to see that. So that's why I leaned more into that one thing. And that one niche. But again, it took me years. Like, I didn't for a lot of people. I think that sometimes they want to like make these online programs and like sell them, like, just the same programs to everybody. But like, I really refined it over and over and over again with one-on-one people to really make sure that it was, it was a good fit. And once I felt like it was a good fit for whoever came in, then I created it into a program that like, everyone does now. Um, so really important to kind of sit down and refine and figure out what you're really good at. What you're excited about for them. Oh, it's like your inside my brain. You're taking all the words right now. I love that you're saying this because the biggest point for me is anybody who's interested in doing this and kind of finding their niche is you chose something that means something to you that you're good at, right, that resonates with you and then you built something around it. And so it's you show up every day to this program with passion versus, oh, I just picked this because I thought it would make money. Right. Exactly. It's the next bad thing. It's like, whatever. I'm like, no, I'm ignoring all that. Like, I don't care what the next bad thing is we're going to stick to our method. And also, yeah, like you said, being really passionate about it, I think since there is a lot of noise out there in the industry in the space, like, I tell people when they come into the program, like, this is my approach to getting this flip, like, I do a different length. This is how I do it. There's probably a million other ways to get the pull up. Like, that's okay. And that's totally fine. But yeah, when you show up and you're passionate and you're really, you really believe in, like, your method and what you're doing, they're going to believe it to, right? If you're like, oh, I don't know. Someone told me that this is not supposed to do it this way. And I need to do it like those and change that. Like, no, just be really confident in your method. And it will do super well. Love it. So, Ada, where can people find you your programs more about you? Where can they find you on true coach? Give me everything and I'll type it and we'll put it in the description for the episode. Yeah, of course. So, my Instagram is at Angela, underscore Gargano. So, it's just my name. And if you want to check out the pull up revolution, we are Instagram is literally at pull revolution. So, I can find us on there. And typically, what we do to bring people in, I mean, everyone has their different ways, but we do free workshops. So, I do a free workshop every single month for pull ups to teach women at, like, again, very, we go through just like my process, make it them real excited. And then, then, then, that's how we get people into the pull up program. So, do these things. And again, Benico's in the strong field skin, which is on true coach, blah, blah, blah. So, it kind of goes down the line, but there. But obviously, at Angela and underscore Gargano and full revolution is the best place to find me, message me, all those things. And we're really, I'm really been thinking about lately, we're probably going to do this towards the end of the year. So, we've got to go on, but helping women, helping people get certified and being a full coach for women. So, I've had a lot of coaches take the program and they're like, can you please make this a certification? And I'm like, if don't my list, so we'll probably try and make it something certified so that other coaches can learn how to speak specifically to a woman as they're doing this really impossible task and show them a method if they want to use it. Very cool. I love that. So, we will keep it ear out for that. Please let us know when you've got that up and going and we'll absolutely tell everybody all about it. Or, sure. Very cool. Well, thank you so much for your time. Angela, this has been really cool.

=== FILE: ISSA Talk w⧸Dan Metcalfe： Hydration and How it Impacts Human Performance (Part 2) [cqaw0WZ1f1g].txt ===

Welcome back to everyone for another ISSA talk. I am Jenny Leibel. So excited to have you guys back with me. Super excited to have our guest back with us. It's second time coming on to talk with me. We had such a great time our first time Mr. Day and Metca that I asked you to come back and you have another great topic for us today. Welcome back, Dan. Thanks so much to be back and to see you again. Thank you. Awesome to have you with us. So guys I was telling you before we have done I got a lot of our last talk. It changed the way that I think about some things and hopefully it changed the way you think about some things that you don't know what I'm talking about. Go back and watch the last episode. Let's get in that gap. Today we're going to be talking about hydration. But before we dive in, Dan, I want you to tell our viewers a little bit about yourselves just in case they don't know quite who you are. Thank you very much. I'll keep this short because I don't want to bore anybody. But I've been fortunate enough to live a very diverse life. I went from professional soccer clubs done in the eight years with the raw marine soccer military training that I became a professional dancer or a suddenly ballet jazz tap and I could sing and dance and that play in the lead in Andrew Lloyd Webber shows which is the Broadway but on West End and then touring the world. Then I became a head coach on the Olympic development program. I then opened my own gyms that were fantastically successful based on movement for professional athletes. But I call everyone a professional athlete. We invest in ourselves. It doesn't matter what each you are, you're a professional athlete. And then I ended up having a brain injury. Part of my brain that had to learn to talk again, function properly and so I started studying the brain for self health. Launched a product called 60 up which is in credit was all about so people might get confused and I say I want to brain the train. People don't know don't you know you're in the brain. I'm like no no no we brain the train your power force is your brain. So we brain the training will get more success could the body will follow the brain and that's a quick wrap up of who I am and what I do. That's amazing. Yeah so check out as we talk a lot about balance and proprioception and such in our last episode really cool information you guys. But you can see like I love your background because the talk it like it shows us everything that you just learned. These kinds of musical characters go show piece of sacrifice. You've got it all there guys. So I love the path that you took to get to where you are. It's very windy but it got you all the knowledge along the way which is amazing. Now let's talk a little bit about hydration. Let's literally dive right in see what I did there. No and we know that water of course makes the world go around. The earth is over 70% water humans adults anyway are somewhere around 70% water but what do you want us to know about human hydration there? Okay so hydration is critical. I say it's the second most important part about lives with oxygen being the most important. After oxygen then you have to have water because the body won't function if you don't have the hydration. Now a lot of you amazing trainers out there were told and said well I already know this we've heard about it water water water water the problem is we presume act client or even ourselves think about it and know it but we actually don't enforce it because it doesn't have that feel good or advancement feeling within I've brought back in England where it rained all the time I was you know and happily over there so I never really hydrated properly because you're always in rain and you know over he'd not realize and you're actually dehydrating and when I became a head coach on the Olympic program we did a bunch of studies and read a bunch of studies that 3% of dehydration can lead to a 20% lack of performance. Now I'm going to take this even further I'll bring the jump in and stop me ask questions any point. If 80% of performance is mental and the brain needs to be hydrated to function at its highest level. Why are we not spending more time on focusing on making sure hydration is present because it goes a little bit more than this and I'm going to dive in a little bit deeper about okay absolutely. Okay so we know with dehydration the brain tissues will begin to shrink the brain will actually try and grab moisture from other parts of the body which means other parts of the body begin to you know be less effective because the brain has to stay functioning yeah everything else apart from the heart can die off but if the brain dies off everything's gone so now when we start looking at the hydration the brain we've got to have the oxygen flowing around through the brain carry in the red blood cells be not a function through here and keep the neurological process is going through our spinal cord but let's take one step your heart is critical to carry oxygen to the brain now that dehydrated what happens is the blood pickens it begins to congeal now the heart has to work harder to push thicker blood that won't flow as quickly around the body and so now you got a higher heart rate going on you're going to start increasing your blood pressure now you're not feeding at the cellular level everything from the brain down through your body and so everything begins to slow down and yet we push and we push and we push and so what we're actually doing is denigrate in the opportunity that our body can excel by not hydrating so think of it this way make sure the hydrations in place the heart will then feed the cellular level with oxygen and perform better as well the brain then is in a position to then function properly in giving information what am I doing reacting making sure we stand fully cognitive and then the rest of the body with all the different organs are then able to continue to flow so I can't go on enough about how dehydration is probably the biggest effect that we have on performance and yet we probably put it everything we talk about a maybe bottom of the list of actually doing absolutely so one point I want to drive home Dan we're talking about on a daily basis right not over a time a lot of things we talk about fitness are over time right the way we adapt the different stresses that we put our body under but hydration is like in every 24 hour thing we need to be paying attention to this right all the time because think about it when you've got your client in the gym and they're working you're also having you know dehydration yourself as a trainer just breathing we're losing right as the hydration we have from breathing then you're in a gym that may be a little warm plus you're standing you're walking around and about 20% of our oxygen is used in our brain and introduce drave and there's always thinking and helping our client we're actually working more than we think as we tend to go oh well I'm not working my body I'm relaxing no when your brain works your whole body is engaged in burning energy which as a result takes out water levels absolutely now you're using I want to define some terms for everyone too so we're talking about dehydration and you mentioned instead of 3% right and performance decrements genos speaking we define the dehydration as 2 to 3% of your total body water loss is that the way you would define it as well yeah absolutely I mean it's really hard because we don't have parameters to actually span there and measure what dehydration without drilling you right but we know that if somebody begins to get thirsty and then I eat your drink you're already into that 3%ile by hoping more because sometimes we train ourselves not to feel it but what I tend to do when I'm training clients is I will force them to drink right but and this is one of the crazy things you can't drink a lot in a short amount of time and rehydrate correct what happens you start flooding the body with water it doesn't get absorbed properly the water now because it can't get filtered properly through your intestines now it starts filling yourselves now your cells will also be into your brain which causes it to actually begin to swell in there and you can end up with hypernatrine here right which again is again they say it can be dangerous they can lead to death I mean that's extreme cases right where people blow too much so what I tend to do is just take a sip here's your water bottle and I'll do the same thing so I'll work with the person I'm drinking you drink and it's a little sip so you get absorbed go straight back in because by the time we realise they're dehydrated they didn't dehydrate at the 2030 minutes and the results won't be the same absolutely yes I definitely agree with that now would you say that under hydration is very very common we always like to say that at least 80% of adults in this world are walking around under hydrated so anywhere from one to 2% below their ideal total body water or you hydration would you agree with that? I would put it actually more than one or two percent okay and the reason being we did studies that you look at people that are 50 and older right so many of your trainers will be out there training older people they can't show up for your session if they're already dehydrated you can't get the maximum results and look at the trainer we love to terminate see the results we want other people in the gym to go I want to train with that trainer because look at the results they get yeah and it's a feel good as well as obviously turning down and having your client bolstering about you and loving it more than 50% of people over 50 are in a constant state of dehydration you can't function but what happens is our body was soaked brilliant with the brain and body that we learn to function dehydrate and and feel that it's normal we begin to shut down the fork capacity we can have so I see people walking around the gym very few with the big jugs of water we've all seen that they're down that whole jug and they're working out which can be great as long as they're not chucking too much like seeing most people like that don't chuck too much because they're staying hydrate you don't feel that you need to suddenly take a bunch I think it's great but as far as the dehydration levels I would say 90% of people that I see in the gym really have water and it's only really of it's between sets and they want to just have a break their water walk over the water bouncing and take a quick mouthful and then back again to better than nothing yeah I urge trainers to encourage the lifestyle change of always having water yeah I think even further I say okay if you have an eight ounce glass of water and they say drink it every hour people go and drink the eight ounces and then they'll stop and they'll go that doesn't maybe feel that I feel a little bloated I can't stand doing this instead of having a ounce glass of or water bottle maybe 12 ounces and stick it through the hour and this goes through your workouts as well this at the end of the hour see how much you drink if you didn't do it all that's okay fill it back up again and see how much you drink sip it over the act as when you break it up you'll be amazed you'll go through those eight ounces without any problems whatsoever it's just sitting there when you fill it up at the end you now have this lifestyle change that keeps you hydrated for every aspect in your life and as a trainer what's better than not just when they're there general the health and fitness but where their business begins to thrive there relationships into the relationships happen that be hydration because we know with hydration you don't have the mood swings but you don't have the mood swings because now you're dehydrated now you live a happy alive what's better than you get to all of that because of one thing agreed agreed now so it to help somebody understand how to potentially change their clients the behaviors because a lot of people they are like oh I'll just go tell them to do this right drink your water throughout the hour or whatever give them a strategy but for a lot of people I think we need to understand the why behind how they got there in the first place to better understand how to coach them to get them to make small changes right so we can't make a blanket statement about why but can you tell us about some of the reasons why somebody might be dehydrated in this wonderful modern society that we have yeah absolutely was first full stress is something that creates a negative energy within us that drains our body of energy and we also know we stress sometimes your body temperature can rise a little bit because now you feed it you're stuck in an and you feel that energy going through your body and we don't realize we're dehydrating that same time we've got heat right they say the amount of dehydration that goes on during the summer whether you're outside or even in a gym just trying to save its money by keeping it maybe a little warmer than it would in the winter because of the cost of conditioning that can go on as well it can also be the food that you eat so if you're not eating foods that are rich in liquid fluid so you've got your water melon and you've got your greens and the way that you're cooking the food and it's in microwave so you're draining all of the nutrients out and the fluid out so it's not even fluid what's the right word let's say chickens to dry you've taken even those type of things can cause a dehydration to happen because let's just say you eat some really dry chicken now it goes into stomach it's working harder to break it down it doesn't flow and then whatever liquid or fluid was in there now it's being taken into the chicken to then force it to be able to be consumed and broken down your uses the so many ways that it can affect you and not just the clothes you wear yeah absolutely and what about like the beverages that people choose right a lot of people don't drink straight water guilty I mean I have my cup right here but I will tell you it is sometimes crystal light in here but we know for about when I was getting coach on the nip program we stopped using gay to rate yeah that gay using gay to rate pre-game right there's a lot of sugar in it but also there's a ton of sodium so what we found was that the body was actually and looks fully amiss important in the right levels we'll talk about electrolytes and the different types of drinks that are specific for weather conditions if it's really hot you are going to have to rehydrate more often looking triathlons on my Americans and even in stock games now they have water breaks because of the negative effect but certainly the drinks you have too much water in too short of time would to clean your electrolytes and not be good for your rehydration that's where you can then end up like I say with the hype and the trivia but you then have a low with your sodium and obviously the solvent the blood as well so I think this even coffee right when you start looking at what's in coffee and the effect that it has people think because I'm drinking I'm hydrating yeah yeah so I actually heard as this is like we did some research on this a couple months back because we are a student in our boot camp as how much coffee they had somebody who drank like 30 cups of coffee every day which a why are you drinking 30 cups of coffee like what's going on in this person's life that they need that but this person drinks at ton of coffee and they're like are they dehydrating themselves right and then I so I did some research on it again I want to get your opinion on this because there's probably people out there with questions on it so I've heard that caffeine of course can dehydrate you right it can pull water out of yourself and generally speaking the most issues come from if you're taking like a supplement of caffeine like a pill form where there's no water involved right you're just taking a tablet of caffeine and depending on how much you take into depending on the person or all you need it can have dehydrating effects but if you're drinking coffee yes there's a little water in there you're still getting the caffeine but generally speaking I saw something that you need something like 40 cups of coffee or if you do 40 times about 200 milligrams of caffeine do the math right that's a lot of caffeine in the liquid form to cause issues what are your thoughts on that like there's a lot of information like that out there sure so again I would go back to your first point why he drinking 40 cups of coffee yeah because we know caffeine is not a tissue stimulant helps with you stay in a wake with helping you be a la theoretically but also can create a crash we get the body shakes then you can't sleep properly at night as well so I agree with you 100% Jay that if you're drinking that much and there's that much water that's been put in there then yes you are hydrating over the day and again I haven't done studies on this so I'd say that much caffeine how much can actually be absorbed by the body or taking in by the body that has a negative effect and at some point the body stops absorb and it says it happens but I would certainly turn around and say on the hydration that if you're drinking 40 cups of coffee that's like drinking 40 cups of water with a stimulant in there so it's pretty heavy but you're still getting 40 cups of water and there is studies that show the water or hot water does get absorbed into the body faster because the weight of the open of the pillories and everything gets absorbed in but I would be more concerned with what's that caffeine doing to my body how a reliant is it what else is it shutting down in my body that says oh great I'm being kept awake artificially and so why should I stop you know taking away all the inside the body because why should I continue to work to keep myself cognizant like there's other ways to go so apparently I'm not anti coffee there's a lot of coffee drink is out there I personally don't drink it myself no better or worse I it's just my personal choice I'd like to feel what's happening my body and I'm tired I need to wake up I've got to change my mindset and say I need a little bit more sleep so the main body continues to function as it's made and not relying on an outside source absolutely I agree with you Dan and that might be our next topic for our next one let's talk about mindset activity because I do not like people ask all the time about pre-workouts and stuff like my husband has a bunch over there but I don't take them because I listen to my body yeah and if I show up at the gym or I'm about to go and I'm tired fatigue don't feel like I'm going to get a great workout maybe I need to address those things first right how did I sleep when I hydrated did I eat maybe I should worry about that first versus forcing myself to take a stimulant and go knock it out when I was working on what would be considered the best shape my life's like very muscular and you know 50 modeling and all the other stuff without trying to sound like oh so I used to take all the immune I asked it drinks beforehand sugar leaving I've gone out and pump it out I felt great until it started right in my teeth right there's always a side effect to everything you take so I found now you know for me big potatoes plain baked potatoes probably 40 minutes before I worked out because of the slowly you have it got well great I had the best workout situation but I put a little bit of soul on them as well and then have the water obviously take down it woke me up and it didn't have that rice and the crash and then I wasn't relying on other things plus psychologically I would do with mindset or me meet again but sometimes you have that placebo effect but I'm working out great because I'm taking this then you become addicted to it I think when I was a soccer player was going to a game one day and the guy sitting next to me on the buses or the coaches they were driving us there gave me a sandwich and I had that sandwich and it was ham and mustard I never the and mustard I didn't like mustard but I ate it all the way to the game you know an hour and a half away from the kickstart again I played the best game ever that day I mean I was phenomenal talk about MVP and all the other stuff that you call it. Go after that I ate ham sandwiches with mustard every game before I played it I never played this well again but I thought if I have that because I associated rather than the fact that I was great that day I was on I was ready everything seems to go my way I was super sharp and I think that's where we got to go with the mindset is what's making you great as you rather than what am I taking that I believe is giving me the edge of the realities you're the biggest factor in what you're successes. I love that we will absolutely explore that and that actually kind of brings me to my next question Dan we get a lot of people asking about should I be taking electrolytes and things like that you mentioned Gatorade and that's something that usually has electrolytes carbohydrates sugar salts etc in it a lot of calories associated with that for a lot of people but some people I always tell people for the average person it's not something they need to be concerned about but if you sweat a lot or you're in a certain environment or you haven't issue with salt then maybe at something you should consider what would you stay for that? Yeah I was the agree I mean when I was a Iron Man I was racing the Iron Man I took a lot of supplements you know because obviously your body's being drained through the race I'd be out there training five six hours a day early in the morning and depending on the weather conditions would depend on what I had to take so if I'm out trading up in the mountains in a hundred degree whether it's very different than if I'm out of forty degrees wrapped up warm and again depends on the time of day but I would say for the average person I would look more at what are you eating because I think that would give you the right foods that will help support your system naturally and I look back to be you know our ancestors a thousand years ago they went out they're taking electrolytes they also have a beer food and this brings me on to something I just came back to an incredible convention as last weekend I'm hearing people this supplement take this how about their studies and things and I realized it's not a diet that's the difference it's the quality about food that's the difference and so you can address your food at the regular level the regular person's not out they're doing extreme sports or maybe they're going to the gym for an hour and a half having a good workout not sweating too much but making sure that they are really hydrating and eating well I agree with you Jen and you'll be fine if you're extreme or you find you're a very heavy sweater and some people are I've never seen them but I see the sweat marks left on the benches of the children but I would say certainly you know you can go and get tested you can find out how much you drop in how much weight are you losing from hydration and what would then the recommended dose be to put electrolytes back in but I would certainly go more natural electrolytes added to water than I would go and get in the electrolyte drain bits based on sugar and so you yourself got it that makes sense yeah so basically the average person doesn't need to worry about it but if you're concerned about it I agree with you go through the steps and get tested right because if we are not getting tested and for hydration and things like that a lot of times it's a blood test or your intestine or something else for the testing your health, molality and all these other things if you're not doing those actual assessments you are straight guessing and when we guess we get guests the results okay exactly and the other thing is as well and the news goes back to mind set right and understand the average people feel your body to get used to when your body is great take the time to feel what feels great so you become more aware of what happens when you begin to feel a little off you can start instead of rushing to the dogs you okay what was I doing what am I feeling and it's that fine line google search don't google search because google search you get the worst possible result there's good enough can't fair I know it's like I lost my legs three times so far but they're still both here and so I look at it and say the more you can feel your body your recognized situations early enough that you can make adaptations or you're I'm not quite sure than you change something a little bit I feel good again the more you know about you and trust you being the body is exponential what you can achieve the end of my love to you this is why we get along so well because I am of the same exact mindset I was still be well within if something you don't feel right generally speaking you can think back within the last 24 hours what did I do that impacted the way that I feel right you yeah tension and maybe even you log whatever it is that you need to do to really pay attention to your body we can figure it out really this is going back in the adgeny it's what I was talking about with tradeism selves you want to impact your clients you want to live the lifestyle you want to impact with yourself within enthusiasm yeah right so for example hydration if you're drinking while your clients work now it's happening you do it and you have that positive energy about it they will adapt to it you become your environment and then you can tell and keep track this week of how many times or how many bottles a day and how many six did you take it sound kind of crazy but it's a lifestyle change but betterment that costs nothing it's absolutely you know water pretty much with fortunate this country water is pretty much free and then you go to look at the water you are drinking I'm going to bunch of studies I'm a big believer in hydrogen water because the way that it breaks down the surface water itself doesn't go into your cells it brings the water down so then you have your muscles are going into the cell and rehydrate and you can actually wash over your cells and the wrong water and then also the contaminants but if someone says to me hey Daniel in the desert you're stuck it's been 14 hours you're out here you completely dehydrated here's the bottle of arrowhead water I'm taking it no matter what if you're not water right water so it's something better than nothing but I think looking into the quality of water you drink in this world has it direct effect on the absorption into the body of the moments absolutely well that actually brings up one more question I have for you because again I'm thinking of what our students are going to be asking but the different types of water let's explore that just briefly because there's like the pH water and there's the water with the salt Senate there's these but to me it's the pH water that is I see everywhere and I used to subscribe to it too I was an essential drinker to my core and I realized that a when you actually test that water a lot of times it does not line up with what's on the bottle so it's like how do you know unless you have pH strips which most people don't to our body has a really handy way of regulating its own pH now doesn't it it doesn't necessarily need our assistance and those things are also very cost prohibitive because to your point water is generally speaking darn close to if not free why are we spending all this money on these bottles which are also going to clog up the world right and unless we're reusing them right but why are we spending all this money buying cases and cases of water when we don't necessarily need to what are your thoughts on that what should be the what should these guys take away well it's a little tough because if I look at them that you can and what happened out there with the water and the contract yeah I know that's meant to be an extreme case but I do think there's more of that out there that we're aware of so it might be worth like you said getting out and getting some testing strips just for your own whole water because every then I do I keep a bottle and I breathe fit I'm not a big fan of plastic bottles so I try and get the ones that are a little bit thicker than thin bottles only because my thought process is they're going to be a little bit more structurally sound than the real person need personally but I take everything out of my refrigerator it's wired up and then it has the filter in there and I just use that and I don't see any difference. pH water the more study I've gone into it and then looking at specifically hydrangea water the pH is a marketing gimmick in my opinion they make you my favorite was pH 9.5 yeah for some reason I thought psychologically that's better for me and then I'll see the pH 7.0 or you start and I'm like oh god this not as good for me I'm looking for the 9 I don't even know what this one is like to outline more or I don't even know this one is on the pH but once I've looked at the picture water of breaking it down realising and I'll put this into a slightly different way in golf if you remember like I don't know if you do you put it off I do actually very good I'm not playing you because you'll beat me I'm not when I mind losing you right so remember they started having these club heads and there's the sweet spot well now let's make the club head bigger and this is the three of them now make the club head and he got to the point but the club head was so big but then reality was the sweet spot was always the sweet spot didn't matter how big the head was it's still that sweet spot so they got to this massive point but they don't hang on weed maxed out what we could do how are we going to remark it again so now this again world the club head is so big now that it's stopping the swings beat because the wind resistance is you bring it down so you need a smaller club head so they maxed out what they could do and then they started making them smaller and because they got to get sales so my personal belief is a lot of this stuff with pH's marketing hype to get people to then say I've got to buy that bottle of water because otherwise how they get a 9.5 pH or how would I get the level that your told you should have I think 7 being the minimum right it's because they stayed that sort of like you said you tested I did feed you water and it was it was it was it was it wasn't what they said it was when I tested it yeah and I had a different effect when I drank it it took me a while to assimilate to that third of different pH and I suddenly didn't feel hydrated anymore when I was taking it but once you took it for a while then your body is you said began to assimilate it were at that made sense so have you ever heard a product called a sea now I thought I could product some here yeah okay cool so there's the sea of water out there which I just started experimenting with I'm just dying and when I first tasted it it was really salty and they say when you taste the salt it means that this parts of your body that aren't functioning properly from hydration and once you take it and you stop tasting the salt then your body is in alignment and my girlfriend is now stopped tasting the salt she started that often she'd been doing it I think but it's something I'm interested in explore I can't see here is that oh if the greatest thing because I don't know enough about never promote something that hasn't worked beyond what I would expect for me yeah but I am looking at different areas and a sea of these ASEA has a great reputation with doctors and especially brain especially if you know a brain is my passion and my folk yeah in my brain and for those you know I said at the beginning where part of my brain died in a bike accident they didn't say that I didn't know yeah yeah and stuff and so I really looked at brain here because they take care of my brain the rest of the body we go so I really look at what's good for the water to then carry the nutrients around my body the red blood cells to lubricate basically the heart and then what's the effect on the brain so it's something that's worth at least exploring but I would say the takeaway okay I can give three takeaways nice take care of your plan make water part of their training not an upside or a secondary part have that make sure they're hydraven they first walk in the first they're going to do is have a sip of water before we start the first exercise even if they've been hydrated they say I've been in green there's have a sip and then see if you can get through one water bottle during your workout maybe two depending on the size of the bottle is the first takeaway second stake curious right do the research when we know how important water is to our full function every now and once a month if you're the latest research on water one we learning and be careful there is a company yeah there's a sales employee it was scientific testing it doesn't mean to say it's proven or right yeah but it's good to have that outset and the third thing that I would give us is takeaway is do it for yourself because if you can function better then I'm a huge believer that your prosperity will get better because you'll become a shining light of an example because you'll function you have this new aura because you're ready to go always I love it this has been so fun Dan like really good insights I love this and the biggest takeaway from what you were just actually just talking about for me is some of the stuff is subjective right there's certain certain people are like oh I can't drink tap water or have to drink this water that water if you have a preference stick with your the end of the day you're drinking water right if you're like me it sounds like like you I could drink water out of a hose and be like I'm fine we're going that way grow up right it was like you're running to go and now we're told if you do that you will die yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah right no I'm fine like we I was saying that the other day we always need dirt when we were a little and we're just fine and like you said the body loads to adapt and adjust we won't be careful with the contaminants we put in but again on a huge believer if we don't focus on fear and negativity we would always find the solution and get the freedom for the body to recover I love it and that's a perfect teaser to end on Dan because next time I have you back let's talk more about mind sets is the brain is your special team we talked about it a lot with balance of proprioception in our first episode we talked about hydrating our brain and performance today but I'd love to talk to you more about mindset and general performance next time we have you on are you down for that I'd love to and you is a professional athlete to arriving you know you will bring a lot to that discussion as well obviously but let me ask you one question about questions before we go how old are you I'm amazing hello you're back the most the best episode you'll understand exactly yeah and guys that question and that answer is what I was talking about earlier it absolutely changed my outlook since the last time I talked to Dan like completely changed my outlook and the way that my physical body performs at at my age right I'm not it's not for at my age I'm awesome period period and that's that's our makeup moment with that we can end this thank you guys so much for watching today this is been amazing go back rewatch re-listen I'll post some resources for you guys um Dan will share his Instagram for 60 up for himself is linked in all the places that you can find him and his products but thank you so much again Dan for being here with us. That's you old thanks so much thanks Jen awesome we'll see you next time

=== FILE: ISSA Talk w⧸Dan Metcalfe： Mindset and Human Performance [dgF4f_D0EDo].txt ===

Welcome back everyone for another episode of I-S-S-A-Tox. Super excited to have Dan Metcav back with me. Dan, you're becoming a regular guest and I kind of love it because you have so much to share. So welcome back. Thanks so much. It's great to be back here with you, Jenny and Nate. Yeah, I feel party of family now. So it's brother-sister love. That's I-Bell, right? Well, I've been feeling we're going to see you for a long time to come. So I'm excited to continue to do these with you. And here are more about the areas and expertise that you have. And I know today you're going to talk about mindset. And you're going to get a little bit more personal with it. So I'm super excited to hear some of the stories and anecdotes that you have, some experiences that you've been and look through and can share with us on how to address mindset. But before we dive in, can you tell anyone who maybe isn't familiar with you? Just a little bit about yourself. Sure. So I grew up as a professional athlete. I then went into forming. I was on stage, Angela, whoever shows around the world playing the lead there. I was a ballet dancer, jazz, tap, modern, all the other stuff. Always adventuring into new areas. I went through eight years of raw marine cadet training back with the military in England. Then I opened my own gyms. I was a head coach on the Olympic development program. And I've been able to help hundreds of not thousands. I actually have three tens of thousands of people. But hundreds and hundreds of people achieve their goals in dreams. So when people say, damn, what do you do for a living? I say, I'm a dream builder. So I'm not a dream maker. I can't make them come true. But I can help you build your dreams. So that kind of sums up the great things that I've been able to achieve as well as overcoming my own personal injuries that some will have heard of. You're part of my brain diet in 2018, and I'm going to talk and function again and come back to mother injuries as well. Absolutely. So super excited because I'm sure we're going to hear a whole lot more about a lot of these experiences that you've had. But today we really wanted to dive into mindset. So you and I have talked about balance and proprioception. We've talked about a couple of different things. We talked about hydration in our last episode. But tell us a little bit about mindset. Can we define it first? Sure. So the definition that I have of mindset working with professional athletes. Is what are you willing to invest in yourself to get the end result? So because mindset is something that can be very restrictive because that's the way we think. And before we understood neuroplasticity and the ability of the brain to change the way it functioned the way we message ourselves, mindset was a set mind. So now I turn down and say we have mindset, then we have mind reset. Then we have mindset as we gain knowledge. Then we have mind reset. So if you think of this constant circle of mindset, mind reset as we educate and become better with our instincts and knowledge, then we have to reset and then that becomes our character and structure. To then again continue to push the levels in life of our goals, dreams and potential. I love that. So it's more of a cycle, right? We're constantly changing. We're evolving. Some people will say mind growth as well. I have definitely heard that that mindset people get set in their ways and they're resistant to changing versus, you know, What you're talking about here, which is awesome. Okay. So tell me more. Okay. So this is something I love because I had to go through a lot of resets to become happier in life. And I love this thing. What is that goal in life? We have all these different ambitions. Through it all for me, I think the greatest achievement in life is happiness. And I'm not talking about momentary happiness where I remember when I got believed in angelic, whoever's, you know, hit musical and I was like, oh, great. I'm going to be happy to rest in my life and then other stresses come in because I wasn't set in my mind. Not is this is the way I think, but I want to continue to evolve. That's really my mindset is constant evolution of growth as you put it. So we have to look, the mind is information that's put into us from external sources. So when we're born as babies, we have the most pure concept of brain as long as it's a healthy brain, obviously. And even those without the health and and have a bigger struggles, still continue to evolve through their life in their thought process. As we're learning and growing up, what we hear, what we believe, what we're taught becomes our mindset. Because we're taught to believe and trust what we're having. However, through every aspect of what we're going through, there's new information. So for example, when I was at head coach on the Olympic program for soccer, I would teach the players at a young age to pass defeat. So they always pass defeat because we want to connect our passes. Then I say, okay, let's forget about passing defeat. Now let's pass to the channels that the player can run into. Hang on a minute, I just been taught to pass defeat. Now you're telling me do something else and I've got to change my thinking. When now we have two options, you can pass to defeat, so we grow. But our mindset of what was right originally now sometimes we have to throw it away. Remember the knowledge and rethink again. So let me ask you a question. We're all the things that you've gone through in life. And we're talking about your professional career, your training, your body building, everything. How many times of the things that you've learned when you were 14 still actually apply? That's a great question. It's not often. I absolutely understand what you're saying things that maybe I used to do this way. I was taught originally. Maybe it doesn't work as well or maybe there's another way to do it. This brings up something for me when I coach volleyball for my high school athletes. I running to a lot of this. There are 14, 15 years old, right? Some of them have been playing volleyball for three, four, five years. And the way that they were taught to do certain things. There was like, well, my last coach told me this. Well, I was, and I'm telling them do this. And they're like, well, my last coach told me to do it this way. How do you get somebody to make that shift where they say, oh, Oh, there's more than one way to do this. How do you, where does that come from? Well, I think, I'll address that and then come back to another question. I have for you within that. You have to look at the growth and the plan. The plan that people have, where do they want to go? So how is that serving you now? It got you from A to B, a maybe B to C, but is it going to get you C to D? Because now you have all this knowledge, this information. How is it really serving you? Do you think if you hold onto that? And that only that that's going to get you to where your dreams are, where your goals are. And most of the time people will have met were not really because if it was right, you'd be there now. Or you're, you know, this constant trajectory up. Yeah, I think that's what I mean. But let me ask you this, when you were 14, didn't you pretty much know everything? Oh, I knew everything. What are you excited about? And that's the whole point, right? That's where it comes down to. Yeah, when I'm in the gym and I'm working out and I'm training, I spoke to a lady yesterday who does a completely different type of workout than I've seen. I just said, what's your sport? What do you do? Because I was a basketball player. Well, that's great. Why do you do what you're doing? Because everything I did when I was a basketball player didn't help me today. So she does a lot of stretching a lot of duck walks, a lot of, you know, squatting type of movements without weights. And she was like, I wish I had a known then what I know now, because I would have been a better basketball player. So this again brings this whole evolution that of 14. We've thought we knew everything at 18. We did know everything at 21. We realized we didn't know everything, but we know everything now. And that comes down to opening of the brain. Does that make sense? Yes, absolutely. So let me take it. When we learn languages, our brain is a complete open sphere. And we have language areas, we have learning areas, we have memory areas, and we have, you know, vocal audio, all the different parts of the brain. Once you learn a language, the brain goes, okay, I can communicate. I don't need to know how to communicate more. So it doesn't just stop the synapsis, which is the messaging going back and forth within the brain. It actually puts the door up and says, I don't need to learn anymore. I can shut this down so I can focus my attention, my energy, on other areas I'm still learning. So if that happens, that's why it's harder to learn a language or be multi-lingual as we age. And yet you get people that had learned three or four languages as a kid, it stays open because the brain goes, oh, there's more I can learn here, which becomes great. Think about that in our everyday life. If we think we know a nice definitive, we don't need to learn anymore. The brain can now shut down or stop me information coming in that it doesn't want to learn because I don't need to work that part of the brain. To be able to keep it open, you've got to keep an open mind and continue to learn. And I think that's the difference. One of the things I started getting personal in here, I can't stand the, when people say, that's just the way I am, take it or leave it. Right? Because that's so dismissive of other people, which also means I'm not willing to learn. This is who I am, take it or leave it. And it's really a defense mechanism to not have to grow and make everybody else fit you. Well, if that happens, what you've effectively said, is I'm not willing to learn anymore. I'm not willing to take you anymore information. And I think that's why when I talk about every level has its own devil. Right? But we talked about that before. Now, in the case that every level has its own devil. When you reach a certain point in life, if you're not willing to continue to learn the lessons, that's where you're going to stick. So I look at it and say video games. If I kind of video game, level one is really hard. You can't get through an eventually you beat level one. You beat the final part of your level two. Oh, I got through it. That's great. Then we get to level three and then level four. You got to level one that used to be tough. Now, this is easy. But if you don't keep learning the lessons of the next level, that is where you're going to sit. Now life is again. Right? We've heard the game of life. Yeah. In the games you play Jenny in the competition that you're about to go into, show us your by-subs. Oh, no. Oh, God. Yeah. Yes. I'm glad I'm part of your family. So in that, how much of it though is mental? How much of the performance is mental? Oh, my gosh. I'd say I'd argue that at least 90% of it is mental. And how much do most people focus on the physical? 90% of it. People focus on the physical part. Yeah. Maybe 100% is focused on the physical. We never think about the mental. We'll live performances. You know it's a professional athlete. And as a coach coach in many professional players, I know performances at least 90% mental. I think the deciding factor is never the physical. If everybody's at the height of their physicality, you can still, so maybe a little bit better. But you can still close and down if you're mentally sharp. But if games are 90% mental, so is life. Because it's the game of life. How we wake up, how we go to bed, how we handle situations is all our mindset. I think you taught me that in our first time we met when you asked me, when we were talking about age, right? And then now you asked me how old am I and I say, I'm amazing. I think that's not like you tell yourself, and again, I'm telling you that changed like so much about the way that I go about my daily life. Like, I don't even think about my age. It's not about my age. Or I said that to somebody else the other day, I was like, oh, you look great. And he said for my age, it was an older gentleman at the gym. He looked amazing. I was like, oh, you look amazing. I saw you working out. You're doing great. He was like, yeah, for my age. I was like, no, no, in general. Like, yeah. Period. Absolutely. And I love that you grasp that concept. I was talking with my mother. She's a doctor. She's a, I can't say her age. She's amazing. But she gets concerned her age because she should have retired by now. But she stays in there because she loves helping people. I said, my remove the opinions you have of your age. You should be boasting about your age and what you're doing because you're bringing experience knowledge tens of thousands upon thousands of hours of helping people. Because someone in their 30s just couldn't have. Yeah. And so I think we need to embrace who we are, and not what people perceive us to be. So let me, let me move this one a little bit because there's a gentleman by the name of Mark Burnett. I don't like revealing these stories because they're kind of personal to me. But Mark incredible guy. I got huge respect for him. He was kind of like a, in some ways, a father figure to me. But he created, survived at the apprentice celebrity apprentice, the voice, smart and the fifth grade of he used to own a sharp tank and just a brilliant TV entrepreneur. And we were very close friends, new him really well. And I was shooting a project with him. We shot a documentary. And he was just in the vise introduced to help him. He was my first time of doing it. And I came upon a problem and he basically turned around and I won't use the words. He said, because he was very direct. We were down at the mouth of a chili cook-off. And I told him what was going on. He says, tell me the truth. I said, this was going to go to either your an affinity or the other guys an affinity at one. And I'll hang on. This is a friend called him in an idiot. And my first defense was to put up a war and go, well, what do you call me that for? And until I realized, well, let me actually evaluate why is he thinking that? If he's looking at it from the outside and going one of you is, I had to instead of become defensive. So, maybe I am being a bit of an idiot right here, even though I don't like to send that message to my brain now. But at the time, I was smart enough to step back. And then I was at his Christmas party down in Malibu. And someone told me that Mark had said, Dan's the unhappiest person at the party. And it really hit me hard. This way it's a little personal for me. Because I'm like, I think I'm positive guy. And so, and then I started looking and realizing, I was the unhappiest person, not because I was fake in it, because I wasn't living happiness. Now, when I used to race bikes and I mean, put this into perspective and used to race bikes, we're always taught, look where you want to go, not what's in front of you. So, if I'm coming down to Hill and there's a big rock face in front of me and the road curves to the left, I don't want to look at the rock face to avoid it. I'm going to trust, I'm going to miss it by turning, looking where I want to go and I'll begin to go that way. So, you've got to be able to look at where you want to go, not what's actually going on. So, when I sat back and went, you know what, it's true I wake up in the morning. I don't focus on happiness. I want to be happy. That became my mindset. So, because I wanted to focus on that and we go back to the brain and the neurological pathways and the way I synapses and the neurons are jumping between them, what we focus on, what we look at is where we go. So, as a mindset, if you don't believe something, then the reality is you're probably on the know it's you. You know, I may have said this in the last one though, I don't hope for myself, I hope I get this. I hope I become a pro. I hope I get to talk with Jenny again. It's like, for others, I can hope, hey Jenny, I hope you win your bodybuilding competition. Right? You have to sit there and say, don't hope I'm going to win it. I believe I will win it. Yeah. So, belief is for ourselves. Hope is for others. This is the mindset where if we rewire our brain, we know factually with the neuroclasticity as possible. Whatever we feed in is how we'll begin to process the information that becomes your mindset. Feed in new information that becomes your mind reset. If it's if it doesn't fit, throw it out. You don't want to be taken in everything because somethings we know on better for us, but we also don't know. The purpose of people giving us the information, so we have to filter it and get rid of the contamination so we can thrive. That makes perfect sense. I've heard somebody say what you focus on you find. And that's what you're saying. And I love that and it makes so much sense. What we do focus on, like so for example, if you're focused on making a mistake to your point or not falling, what do you usually do? Make a mistake or you fall or you trip or you stumble in some way, right? Because you're focused on that. So yes, that's what you're going to do. The coach, right? How many times when you're coaching basketball just does your play, throw the ball to the other team? It's the most frustrating thing, right? Yeah. Yeah, because it's an easy giveaway, right? There's the interception, interception is the best form of defense. Because now if I can intercept not only if we stop them, we've actually got possession and we're attacking. So I used to say the player stopped giving the ball away, stop giving the ball away. I'd get mad. Don't give the ball away. What was I doing? I was having them focus on giving the ball away. When I turned down as to connect your pass, find your teammate exactly the same message of intention. But the way I said it suddenly, my team started to increase their success rate, because my attention of the village went into what I wanted, not on avoiding what I don't want. Yeah, simple, we are what we hear. Absolutely. Yeah. So as somebody who has coached high level athletes and we're talking about, because I feel like some of our listeners are maybe coaches or working with people to help them with their mindset. Or maybe some people are working on their own mindset. How is that different when we're working and coaching others? Like you were just talking about the way that we speak, the verbage that we use and what we focus on versus the way that we speak and the verbage that we use with ourselves. How is that different if it is? I think it is because why know it is. We're in control of ourselves. We're not in control of somebody else. I had a company called DMS 11 discipline motivation success as a cold job, bring the discipline as the athlete you'd bring the motivation. Because then I can inspire your motivation. If you're not motivated, I'm not even bringing, I'm just trying to get you going and together we'd have the success. So when you're training someone else, you need to get to know them intimately. One inspires them. You'll know with the girls that you train. Everyone receives information different. Some needed a kick-up of the butts, some needed pat on the back, some needed compliments, some needed to be challenged. So we have to get to know the other person intimately. But also we don't know their mood swings. So all of us will know as trainers coaches, someone shows up a great one day and down the next day. So the way we work with them is different to try and inspire them to want to be more motivated for their results. But with ourselves, we really know the truth. We sometimes just don't want to admit it to ourselves because it's easier to avoid the reality that we know is going to make the difference. And yet we want to avoid it because we're not ready to do the work. And mental change, mindset is work because we've now developed these habits that are natural way of thinking, natural way of doing our natural way of behaving. We do that instinctually. And so to have a different, the devilish of lunacy is doing the same thing again and again expecting a different outcome. So if we're not willing to put in the effort, now are we going to change our actual direction in life, which brings me to answer your question, pattern time. It all comes down to character. If I said to you, you got a bodybuilding competition coming in two weeks time. Yes. Here's a liner cocaine. Take it. What are you going to say? No, thank you. Right. It's not even a question, right? Yes. If you thought because your character is set and exactly what you want to do now, if you said, okay, well, I know you wouldn't. I certainly wouldn't. But I said, okay, I'll just do it just this one time. Not have I changed my choice. I'd change my character. Because before I was set, and this is who I am, and then you wave it. So when things start to change in life, it's because we haven't set who we truly are and been willing to commit to it and go through the struggles before the journey. And I think that's where a lot of our mindset comes in is that we're not willing to say, this is who I am. This is what I want. And this is what I'm going to stick to until it becomes a habit. And if it doesn't work out, I'm going to reset. And it's okay, this is this is what I've learned, but I've still got the same discipline. I still got the same character. I'm just re-angling my direction. And so, you know, going back to your point, training others is finding out who they are. And then re-wire in their brain with great information about their success and how great they are potentially. Right. We know that practice doesn't make perfect. Practice makes permanent. Yes. Right. That's what we do. So we have to look at and see what are we practicing. It's not going where I want to change the practice. Otherwise, it's going to become permanent. And with ourselves, decide what you really want. If you want to be the best, are you willing to fight to your greatest potential with discipline and commitment? And if you're not, you can't fake it against the best. Yeah. And three. That's so insightful. And you always have a way to end up saying things in a way that makes like perfect sense. We're in a way that you're not doing that kind of events. We're in a way that we're all kind of doing it, but maybe it wasn't said in that way. So I love what you were saying about belief for ourselves. Hope is for other people. And then, the fact that when somebody doesn't know if they need to shift their mind set, ask them like, how is it serving you? Are you getting what you want out of it? Because if you're not, then it's not serving you to the utmost. It's like, is this serving you? If it's not, then maybe you should look at potentially changing it, trying something new? Yeah, I think it's, again, we get into these habits that become comfortable for us, even if they're destructive. It's like someone that's in a bad relationship, abusive relationship, they'll leave the relationship. Be with some of the treats than better. Unable to hand will be in treatable, because they've set themselves up neurologically to expect to be abused when they're not. There's a fear comes in. Then they run back to an abusive relationship. Well, let's talk about that for ourselves. We're doing things that are self-harming or bringing us the highest level of our potential success. I look at the trainers down at goals where I work out. And I see the struggles there, having with their clients, they're trying to fit the client. I make the client happy, rather than tapping. And there's great trainers there as well. I'm just then, I'm only observing. But it's like, set the standard. And one, you'll attract the right client. But secondly, you can actually have a greater impact on the client, because they actually want that kids want to have rules so they can run right and then tap in. It's the same. Clients want to have boundaries that you hold them to, because if they knew how to do it themselves, most of them wouldn't come to you. So they need you to lead and guide again, comes down at mindset. I was talking about, there was a team that I sponsored down in LA. I'm not sure if I talked about this before. I don't have it. So I showed up in their high school team down in Compton, Inglewood area, very rough area. And I'm driving down in my truck. I was sponsoring this team. And I was taking them down new soccer balls and uniforms. And I get outside the school, and it's all locked up. But I'm sitting there with my engine running, looking around, because this is not a safe area for me to be in. And so I'm calling the open the gate. I drive in, they lock the gates up. I go in here, there's these African American and Hispanic players that are out on the soccer field training. And all of them had goals to want to get to college. And I pull up, and here I am, coming from a nice suburban wealthieria. And I'm like, what am I going to say that these guys who's running around is mudfield with grass that's like six foot high in some areas and no grass in most of it? And I pull out all this stuff. I sponsored by Under Armored the time in Under Armored, helped donate uniforms as well. And I said, come on in, sit down. And they'll sat down. I said, you know what? You're so lucky. And they're like, what are you talking about? You know, I could see them going, this is, you know, what's he talking about? I had to change their mindset of where they are. They want to play at college. I got to give them something that makes them feel empowered. Not makes them go, oh, you know, poor me, I'm in this struggle and every world's against me. I think where I live, the kids in 16 get some of Sadies. They go to the beautiful school, they get their lunches, they get money to go out and eat your restaurants all the time. I said, but every day you wake up and you got a hill to climb. As soon as you wake up, your climb in this mountain in front of you, which says you shouldn't get here, the challenge is every time you wake up. Look at the character you're building. Look at the opportunity, because one day when you get to college and you end up meeting those kids that drifted along the plane with no parents or having to be built on everything given to them, they'll never compete with you. They'll never catch you. So embracing and belish every opportunity you've got because what you're building is far greater than the money or the opportunity that you think they have because while they're not growing, you'll become in these beasts. And it was amazing. And fortunately, pretty much every single one of those kids that are going to college. That's awesome. But again, that's where we've got to look at the mind. I could have gone in and said, I feel so bad for you guys. Look at your conditions, keep working hard. Listen, how do we change the mindset to look at the possibility potential and opportunity that you have, rather than look at what you don't have? Wow, that's awesome. That's very cool. How long ago was that, by the way? That would have been seven, eight years ago. OK. A nice. And it's great to see these kids now, becoming successful out of college and leading their families into a new avenue of, I'd say pride. Like when I look at it, it's not the money they've got. It's not the, I graduate from this college. It's look who I am. Look at what I was actually. And I did it with a family that hadn't had the experience to guide me, but they had the love and they had the encouragement to support me. And we know every fighter that gets in the ring has a corner. And often, it was a win because of the corner. And the information to support they've got not the fact that they can't get in the ring and fight for them, you need that corner. Let me tell you one other story, if I can. So I know we're going to have to do it. So I was coaching a little girl group of 10 year old boys. And we just got eliminated out of state cup. If I told this one before, I apologize. I'm like, okay, great. So we're playing, we're 10 year old kids. We're playing against a team that has these really big kid at the back and really big kid at the front. And whether they were actually the right age, I'm going to question that. I won't say that, I sound like a sour coach. We outplayed them. We were brilliant that day. And after the game, we lost five, two. And all the boys are crying, the parents, and we were in a field with like 30 fields and all the parents, and I say, all right, everyone come in, sit down. And all the kids are sitting down. They're all crying. The parents will feel like, I said, okay, put this on your head, L, put the L on your head. And they're all sitting, and I said, all these other teams walk in by. And I said, what are the disgusting coach? Put in a quarter of your kids lose, since I said, what does this mean they go loser? I said, only you didn't learn. I said, what is this did you learn today? Or did you lose today? I said, because you were burning an out there. You were the better team. We just didn't have the size and speed to beat them, but in years to come, you will go on to be better than that team ever will, because you continue. I said, what does this mean they go, learn, learn, learn. That team wrapped running the weights the top divisions in Southern California and be a nationally ranked. But again, another example of people thought this meant loser. And I'm like, um, only if you refuse to learn, can you be a loser? And so again, it's this mindset of what we can bring as coaches or we can bring as trainers, but we have to start with ourselves, Jenny. Because we're not living it. It won't be organic and it's not organic. It doesn't come across as true. It doesn't come across as true. People will call us out on it and then you'll lose your own respect from them because you think you're just saying it. Going back to the old thing with Mark, I would wake up every day, I think I may have said this, but I work on every day, I want to be happy. I want to be happy. I want to, and now people will say, what about Dan? He's the most positive guy out there. Yeah, he's happy. He's there and that really came because I really why at the brain. And I urge people, go study, go watch, the neuroplasticity of the way the brain was because it would help you be a better coach to understand how other people think and if you change the way they think, the body will follow. Yes, I agree with that wholeheartedly. Learn more about the brain, the way that people learn. Especially if there's certain age groups that you're working with, like children, their brains are still developing. And when you really understand what stages of development kids are in and age groups, the age ranges, stuff like that, it changes the way that you approach and speak to them. It's a huge game changer for a lot of people. So we'll get to change that as well. Yeah, they say by seven, the brain is pretty much set in the way it's going to be, by seven, because all the learning abilities that kids have tend to happen from the moment they're born, they visualize, well, so they visually see what we're doing, and they want to copy us, and they hear the information, which is why by seven they get harder after seven to start changing habits, to start helping kids grow. And this is the beautiful thing. We know through exercise, the hippocampus, right? Two sides of the brain, the hippocampus is to do with our memory, it's our creativity, actually where we grow new brain cells. It used to think after 30, it would decline 1% every year in size and ability until we pass on. It's now been proven with exercise, and it's one of the only ways, there's exercise and there's a couple of other ways you can do it as well, but it's not what you think it's not going out and reading and study. Exercise reverses the decline and you can actually increase the size of your hippocampus, which then feeds every other party of brain and your body up until your last breath. Well, we think that we can't continue to increase our brain capacity and knowledge and direction. After 30, we think we're stuck, we're completely wrong because now it's proven, exercise, cardio, BDNF, nor a paneprin, all these different natural chemicals, and you're the endorphins and the dopamine, and the serotonous things, they get released in their critical fraught body through exercise. And then you add the mindset to all that, lead with the mindset. There's a saying that I say, I say, brain the train. You ever heard of that? Yeah, you mentioned that before. You've brain the train. People go, do you mean train the brain? No, brain the train. Think about your best training session that the one is you planned most of the time. Every now and again, we have those improv ones or we just get out. Great, but, the more we think about the brain, the more we think about the brain. Absolutely, I love that. So anybody who is interested in learning more from you, Dan, where can they find you like a mind social media? Gotta get your water. And I mean, hydration. So you can go to Dan Metcalf, underscore official, that is on Instagram. And then you can go to 60up.com, which is my website, which is for balance training. And then I've also got LinkedIn, which is Dan Metcalf, on there. So those are the ways they can get hold of me or you can Google me and find out on my email, but I'm here to help everybody. It's, I really want to, it's not about me changing the world because that sounds kind of arrogant, like I say at the beginning, I'm a dream builder. If I can help, so I'm trading a fantastic lady right now who's a, due to its supervisor, trying to win her next fight. And she's had this hold back that has prevented her from winning. She second gets to the cell. We've had amazing sessions. She got a fight coming up. I'm confident she's not the best by she'd ever had. And all we've done is nothing to do with training, but the skill, everything is, how do we put it all together? How do we change the focus? How do we even move the fear? And like I said, unfortunately, we're training hundreds and thousands of athletes and then top pro athletes, you really understand what it takes to get to that level. That's awesome. Very cool. Keep it posted. When is her fight? It knocked over fourth, I believe. Oh, so coming up in like, that's less than a week from now. Yep. Amazing. Or keep it posted. I will do a really exciting, for the exact scene that's huge right there. And only we've been working together less than a month. Okay. And the change, different person. Happens quick. And you know that, when's your body building competition? Yeah, nine days. Nine days. It's gonna happen quick. How are you doing? Yes, I'm great. I'm good, a little tired, but it's all, as you mentioned earlier, like the training stays high, but you're food and your energy get low, but I'm one day at a time and I love it. So, and it's a tier point, like this is something that's part of my character. Like once I set my mind to it, like I'm working towards it and I'm gonna push. And I just love the things that our body can do when we challenge it. So I'm super excited to compete again. Oh, that's awesome. I'm really proud to make sure you keep us posted as well. You're so impressed. And again, in the worst of times, you're still doing great. Never forget that, because we can only handle the best we know. And when there's a struggle coming on, we can't always be at our highest level of energy, but we can always be at our highest level of excellence within that situation. I know that's you. I love it. Thank you for that, dear. And that's awesome. Thank you. And thank you so much for joining us again. This has been really fun. Thanks so much. Absolutely. And I'm sure we'll have you back again soon. So I'll be talking to you soon. Thank you. All right. And thank you guys for watching. Check the out. He had a lot of great information to share guys. Be sure to go back and watch our other talks to you on hydration and also balance training. Lot of great information there. So thanks for being with us, guys. And we'll be talking to you soon.

=== FILE: ISSA Talk w⧸Dan Metcalfe： Mobility Balance Starting with the Brain (Part 1) [uvAZ4_zCyMw].txt ===

Welcome back everyone for another ISSA talk. I am Jenny Leable. I know my last name has changed. It used to be Scott. I got married five months ago now. So now Leable, Jenny Leable here with you guys. People are excited to be back. I feel like I've been on hate for a little while. But we have a really important topic to talk about. We talk a lot in our courses and our education here at ISSA about mobility training, flexibility training, a guillotine training, all these things that people usually associate with panic leads, but everyone out there, every population on this planet, the benefit from it. I have amazing guests with us who has a really really cool product and some cool insight for you guys on the topics of mobility and flexibility. Welcome, Dan Metgaff. Welcome. Hey, thanks so much for being there. I'm going to try and match you energy. Wow. Congratulations on being married as well. Yeah. I think you're so much super excited to have me with us, Dan. Now before we get into the good stuff, can you tell us a little bit about yourself and your background? Sure. So I grew up as a soccer player. I played at some professional clubs back in England and then I switched and went into show business. I'd actually done eight years training with the role marine cadets. I thought I was going to go into the military when I left soccer and I got thrown in or challenged to become a dancer. So at the age of 18, I suddenly found myself in a ballet school jazz tap and modern found out I could dance and I could sing an act and ended up playing the lead in Andrew White Webber shows around the world. The Broadway level shows and ventured out, started my own gyms. I was a person trainer at Gold's gym at Powerhouse gym. I had private trainers. I was a head coach on the Olympic program. I can go out and I don't want to bore everybody. That opened my own sports training center that was internationally known based on movement. So when the athlete comes in to train, we want to make sure that the train they're doing is functional for their performance on the field or the athletic ability, not just lifting weights. So that really became my focus on my foundation. And then by accident, I created what is now taking the world over with the philosophy direction and the ability to balance mobility and strength training. That's awesome. So you've had a lot of background in fitness sports specifically. Are there any one sport curious that you found a means maybe to work on balance mobility a little more a bit more than a person? Yeah, absolutely. My passion actually became cycling. I raised the Iron Man. I love that. But there's nothing better than my ballet training. And if it's the center of all movement being able to move balance, adjust, stop, go, change your speed, change your direction. And really without my dance background, I wouldn't have been able to come up with the product. And really it's not just a product. I wouldn't come up with the program that we have. There's changed tens of thousands of lives around the world. That's awesome. So we know that this extends beyond athletes. So why do you think that so many fitness professionals forget about balance and mobility and flexibility training when we know that people need it? I think because you can't see it. Yeah, when we train, we like to see the results. When I go and clean my backyard, I love the fact that the weeds are going to stand. I know that it's great. When we train as people want to see the results more than they feel the results is much easier to judge. And what we forget is the base foundation of all physical activity is movement. It's the ability to be able to move. Whether it's doing a bench press, moving your arms, whether it's getting up and downstair, whether it's doing box jumps, whatever you're doing, it's all about movement. Absolutely. Now, damn, let's get a little nerdy with that movement starts from our brain. It's not just like muscles contract to move bones, but it starts with that nervous system signal. So talk to us a little bit about how the brain comes into this. Okay, so movement is the brain and brain is movement. If you look at it, when someone's in a coma and they come out the first thing that shows that they're coming out of a coma, that stopping point is a movement. Now, how I came up with this device, I'm going to bring this up a little bit because it fits in with what you're asking. As a general by the name of Bob Ubank's Bob Ubank's use to host the newlywed game. He was third year in the Rose parade. He created the term woopy, but I'm not going to go into that because Miss Goldberg might get upset. But he was falling and he was 79 years old. And so I like any good trader, I'm going to train you're going to come to my place, we're going to train, we're going to strengthen your hip flexes, we're going to even those legs, strengthen the legs, strengthen the core, I'm going to get you back balanced again. And I try to put them through those athlete ladders, you know, at one or two one or two, are you going through it? Just slowly, he couldn't do it. So it's a great. Let's go over the wall, put your hand on the wall and start lifting your knees up and down. He could do that all day long. So hang on a minute, what's going on? If when you're not holding onto something, your body doesn't work, but as soon as you hold onto something, the muscles are engaged. So I started going back and studying how to baby's learn to walk, right? Because that system and neurological system doesn't change from the moment we're born to the end of our life unless there's a disease or an accident or something that comes in and Bob hadn't gone through those. So when a baby's born and they're learning to walk, let me ask you this Jenny, what gender people take their kids to when they're six months old to help them learn to walk? They don't, right? Yeah, it's the whole point. So why when someone's 50 or 60 or I've trained Olympic athletes or Olympic world record holders, why would we take into a gym to help them learn to have better balance recovery and war because muscles have nothing to do with balance. Muscles have everything to do with stamina and endurance strength, being able to raise your level of performance. So what happens is when we're born, we have the cerebellum at the back of the brain, about 80% of your billions of brain cells, I see it right above your cerebellum, above your spinal column. And what happens is we're messaging what we're doing is through the appropriate set of connection with figuring out where's our pressure points? How do we adjust how do I keep myself safe? So when I went back and started training by, I created a system of training the brain to body and speeding up the neurological systems, speeding up the way that you build a body so that then we can release the chemicals that then make us feel good, make us feel safe, make us feel solid and that goes everything from your serotonin to your dopamine to your endorphins, then BDNS, BDNS and then of course you got other things like Nora, Penetra and some of the other chemicals that are only induced from activity and movement, the strength and the body. That's a little nerdy. I can go in deep, if you want to, but that gives you a summary. I love it. Well, you're just highlighting the importance of our brain. Like we all kind of knew this, but what you're saying down, you're just highlighting all the things that our brain does, let alone the movement aspect of it. So we all talk about like body self love, right, loving ourselves. What about brain and self love? What would you say for that? Okay, beautiful. In 2018, I was in a bike accident, a metal pole came down hit me in the head. So a decent speed. And I was knocked unconscious for a few minutes. I had a secondary impact. I was already knocked unconscious. I got you know, flying through the air. I hit the ground back of my helmet already unconscious hit the ground broke open. Part of my brain data had to learn to talk, you know, to learn to function. This was to tell her. And so I had to go and study the brain. I never thought about it myself because I'd never gone through anything like that. As I studied the brain, I realized how dynamic it would be. Two forces in life, we have life, forcing the power force. Our heart is our life force. It's sending the oxygen around our blood. It's beating ourselves. It's keeping us alive. It goes up and down the raises as we exert more energy or learn to relax. Our power forces are brain. Now we have an autonomic system that keeps our body going. For example, you're thinking about your heartbeat and it's autonomic. We're thinking about our blood pressure our body heat. We're always adjusting. That comes from your brain. Everything comes from the center here. So I'm going to ask you a question to give a little bit of an example. You're a question here. Tell me something that you love. Like somebody in your personal life that you love Jenny. Oh, probably, but in your body. Yes. So have you ever said I love volleyball? Yes. Okay. Let me ask you this. How many times have you said I love my brain? Not that I can recall. And this is our power force. And when I train clients of work with many trainers, I coach a lot of trainers. It's amazing how much love we give. Outside things. But realize that what we have in here is our strongest forces. Our most powerful. When we look at our clients and realize we're training their body. How much we really training their brains? So after my accident, I survived. I ended up with my hand on my head. I closed my eyes. I love my brain. I love my brain. I'm so smart. No, in an arrogant way. Yeah, I'm giving permission. No different than a coach. Give a permission to their athlete to go and break a world record. Hey, if you can do it, do it. I'm saying to my brain, if you can do it, do it. So what's the most valuable thing that you have in life? Oh, I feel like this is kind of a trick question. Um, I want to see your brain. I don't know, but if I really said to someone come and I'm saying, what's the most valuable thing you have? What would what would naturally come to you? Oh, it's a me and probably my family. Family. Do you want to get you to think of slightly different way today and you can disagree with me, but you want to win time is the most valuable thing we have. Think about it. When everything else is when everything else is there, when time is gone, everything is gone. Right, when our time is up, it's gone. What we do with our time shows what's most valuable to our own life. Right, what's so important to us. Now, when I'm training a client, I want them to have a stronger brain health, the mind health, because from that, I can do anything with them, but they have to develop that. So I have programs, always been five minutes, warming the brain up to then be able to get the body to move because now the brain's free, it can go a deer and headlight knows it should move, but it stands there frozen and it's the same when we're confused or we're not in a free, low state. We don't give everything we can. So when I start looking at the brain and saying it's trained the brain, brain is movement, brain is balance, brain is the freedom to actually live life. So if we can take that and in a hands, what we've already got, what could we actually achieve? It's mind blowing when you think about it. That is, I mean, that's really insightful, Dan and I appreciate the way that you say that. That's really all stated. I think I agree with you. That's how I'll send you the chat, no, but, I know, right? Yeah. You know, that's awesome though. I really like the way that you stated that. So how does that all play into what you created? The 60-uport tell us about it? Okay, so Bob was forwarding his 79 years old and I never created this to have a product. I just created it to help him. It's 79 falling. He had had hit replacements. He wasn't in the best of physical shape as far as health-wise, but he was strong and I realized his body was strong, but his balance was gone. So by looking at the brain and saying, how do I do repetitive movements in multiple variant degrees on a surface that has freedom of movement? What could I do? I had no idea what this was going to go. But in three weeks, Bob went from hunched over shuffling and scared to get up in the morning because you don't know if you're going to fall. There are six miles an hour in a treadmill running up and downstairs, back out playing gold, walking with his wife around every morning with the dog, but the biggest change was psychologically he was excited to wake up in the morning because now his life was open. So now when I see trainers training and doing balance exercises, like you hear people say, if you stand on one leg, then you couldn't, you know, you got great balance. If you can hold it for 10 seconds. That's great if you're a fromingo. The where about movement, we got to be able to move change direction, start, stop speed up slow down. So how do we actually train that in a fun environment where you actually feel the results from your brain to your body and body to your brain? And that's where I came up with the 60-up balance training system. The only got released because we had so much success with thousands of people, stroke survivors, my own girlfriend who has MS Parkinson's, TBI is myself, stroke, I think I say stroke survivors, my own mother who had a stroke and had to give up lying dancing a year later before I created this product. She was no longer doing what she loved five days after training on it and reconnecting the neural connections. She went back to lying dancing and I can't see her age because if she hears this shit like, so that's amazing. So the mind and the brain are two separate things. The easiest way to show this, you know when you're walking down the street and you're looking in a shop window and you're walking past and you're on the phone talking to your husband and you're going, man, I wish it by that for me. And you're looking at it, right? Your brain is taking care of your body without you thinking about it. Yeah, when we begin to get to the point where we're looking down on the ground, you see the older people, those those that scared that looking down, they're shoffering watching. We're taking away the ability to feel because we're letting our eyes do the judgment. Then when you begin to follow, get up balance your eyes, you're going to your brain, hey, I'm falling off balance. The brain goes, I didn't feel it. What's that? And then you're down. Now, the biggest problem for me in the aging community or those struggling with balance or even those that are super athletes that don't know how to progress, it's because of the messaging in our brain. So that comes from society or someone's opinion. Think about it, when Roger Bannon still was the first person to break the form in it mile after he broke it. Nine other people came and broke it, I believe, yeah, yeah, why? Because the understand that belief, the knowledge changed that it was possible as achievable and people removed the mental barrier, I went and achieved it. Now, this is where we're going to a neurological level. I know I'm going on. I'm getting a little nerdy here. I love it. Let me go ahead and ask me how old I am. How old are you, Dan? I'm amazing. Now, people will turn around and go, what you're scared to say, right, no, no, I'm going to take this to a whole other level. When I train my clients, I'll say to them, how old are you? They're all saying I'm amazing. Society, if I said to you, I'm 19, you'll go, oh, you have an age very well. If I say I'm 90, you'll go, oh, you're amazing for your age. No, I'm amazing. Society judges us on our age. When I had a client walk in and there a little bit of bands were using a stick, I've already judged them as telemetations. If they walked in without a stick, immediately my opinions changed because they removed the stick. They could be attacking the same person in society. We're taught to judge on what we see and what we hear. Now, if I turn around and I go, okay, I'm 70 years old, we got all your amazing for your age. No, I'm amazing. I got in my doctor and said, my niece hurt and he goes, well, then could you get an older? No, I'm not getting an older. I played soccer. I twisted my knee. I'm here to get better because we're born to heal. We're made to heal and the thing that stops us is our own thought process or input into the brain because the brain is a miracle waiting to be unleashed. Now, let's take this to a whole other level. If I said to you, are you, you're doing great for your age? The message you've heard is, oh, I shouldn't be doing this well. Or I'm above the game, when am I going to decline? That then gets sent a cellular level to ourselves that are waiting to retire and expire because of society's expectations of us, right? What they've told us we are. If I turn around and you and say, I'm amazing, what's the message being sent to all my cells around my body? Now, I'm going to say, hey, I'm amazing. I'm going to function. I'm not going to go a lot more to achieve because we know every given that comes from our brain to our body is received at a cellular level and then at a complementary or a negative level. So that goes into when the brain training system that I have really goes into the neurological center and at the same time, no different than a baby learns to stand and walk and strengthens up naturally by being upright. So when you're clients, so the people naturally begin to improve their ability to move because we're strengthening while we're increasing the brains of ability. This all makes perfect sense to me, Dan. And now I want to know, I want to compare, I'm going to ask you a question that has two parts. So when we think about balance and mobility training, like you were talking about like what are we a full mingo standing on one leg? Like that's the most people think about it's like, oh, just do in here and hold your eyes and see if you can balance, right? It's not bad. It doesn't need to be that. But can you talk just a little bit about like what tradition or like old mentality looks like for balance and mobility training versus what did it look like on the 60 or how is this different? So the old style was, can you walk in a straight line? Can you walk with one foot in front of the other? It's almost like the DUI test that I'm talking about. Yeah, right? The DUI test. Yeah, right. Like can you stand on one leg and balance? Can you stand and we push your hip and can you recover? It's not really about movement. And yet, I would say about 95% of fools happen when people are moving. There are some that happen. It can be a blood pressure issue. It can be some sort of, um, vertigo issue where we begin to go off the basically the testing that we're done is standing still or moving. And when was the last time you walked one foot in line with the other? Right? Right? It's left right, left right. It's not crossover yet. We test in unnatural ways. There. So when I looked at that and said, we're doing balance testing for the sake of a result, but we're not doing balance training to give people the freedom to get out and actually live life, remove the fear and feel balance to the point where they don't even think about it anymore. Now with the balance training system I created 60 up, we have over 300 different exercises on one board that's less than three feet wide and two feet across multiple different foot positions, replicating real-life activity in a repetition way that what we're doing is we're building the brain to fill the body, the body to send back messages to the brain, the brain to go, this is how you correct the body going on correct that I feel good and then we can relax and we're multi-directional. So forward back with side to side and because of the width of the board we can practice the wide step and increase in your gate so that it becomes natural. But we know muscles have memory. We also know that neurons have memory. So if someone's been balanced their whole life and now they begin to lose it all we've got to do is reactivate the neurons and the neural connections to regain the confidence. So, the third one. Is this going to say like I hope somebody else's mind is blown as much as mine? Like everything you're saying Dan is kind of like a no-brainer if you're into this kind of stuff which I absolutely am and if we're into fitness, we're like, oh this makes perfect sense to your point. When do we ever walk one foot in front of the other so why do we do stuff that way to test our balance? Well you're never in that situation so of course you're going to be unbalanced in that situation and it's not necessarily going to make you better at it but this board that you have it's I love the fact that it replicates real life situations because you're actually training what you're going to experience which then your brain can say oh I've been through this I know how to respond like this is insane that I don't know why we have not thought about this in this way like if anybody else thinking that or is it just me? I don't know if it's really almost. Well it was weird I mean for those of you that are religious and spiritual this actually came to me in a dream so it's almost like with everything that I'd gone through in my own life and what I've done it was almost sent to me to create I actually tried to build something else and it kept going wrong and breaking I was making it to interpret I dream I super straight I dream one night woke up went to Home Depot put the wood out made it in my kitchen with kitchen knives trained on it and that was the board that Bob used to the recall her and then I got calling to neurofit centers and a beautiful lady Shirley McLean you know I was able to get to train and professional athletes but I've also used this with with body builders I had it down at the L.E. FedEx spoke we had body builders power lifters used it and they understood immediately weaknesses they have so the beautiful thing is it's not just those loose in their balance it's actually preventative both in losing your balance but also imagine if you're doing power squats and you're leaning very slightly onto your right hit you don't know it because you've been doing it the whole time that becomes an injury potential because we're not maximizing both sides of the body the board is self-conoled over 2,000 pounds independently tested so we can get big guys strongly everybody on the board and it will help connect their brain the body and then it will increase their potential to actually achieve what they are capable of doing. I love it so it's for everyone just like mobility and balance training and now we're partnering with you so what does this mean for our members as far as the board you sounds like you have some education opportunities for these guys what do you have for us in? Yes the first thing I couldn't be happier in part of the ISSA you guys have been great since we very first met actually I'd be able to convention and everyone there's just been phenomenal so thank you to all of you I'm about to release a continual education unit course that will allow anybody to get 16 CEUs which is almost two years worth we're doing a massive discounted price for ISSA members they will need to have the board to be able to do the CEU but the beautiful thing is and this is what's for me and this is why I think ISSA and ourselves connected so well it's a tool that you can take to anybody's home and it weighs 16 17 pounds set it up do over 300 exercises bands that are attached to it as well because we're made the board was made to use to get off of the board to go out and train but your balance you're going to be able to reach things up in the top shelf in the cabinet you're going to be able to bend down and pick up a bag always so we work on upper body strengthening as well as balance where balance comes first but can we be balanced and strengthen one side of the body then the other site because of the multiple foot positions so what makes Simon is for the trainers is if you have people online and you train them via zoom and who knows when that will become a major thing again with this world is you know ever changing you can do zoom training with them on a board while you have a your board at home so we're going to have an affiliate program that if you take the CEU and you get your certificate for taking it you will automatically become an affiliate that then you will earn money having your clients have it in their home so if you're driving to their home they've already got one you don't have to carry yours with you and then you'll earn your money back that will pay for your board pay for your program and be a revenue generator in the largest growing demographic for the future of health because now longevity and that's the due to quality and quantity of life is now the focus and that's where people are investing their money so I think it's a fantastic opportunity for the ISSA members to have something that lasts long term there's multiple levels within that and the beauty is we have them in physical therapy offices we have them in multiple group classes gyms have them we have so many different areas that you can then have versatility with the board to make money while you've continued your education and if I might ask I've said a lot because it's really educational on how the brain works there's over 10 hours of video footage explaining going through different programs learning so all your train is going to be fantastic and already have a ton of knowledge we're just adding to that and I think it will away you can a lot of people store of how they're training to get better results which is then going to make your client even happier that's awesome and I love every opportunity there is to learn so I'm super excited that you guys have your CEO course and then it gives them 16 CEO so thank you so much for sharing that with us and you guys the affiliate program we've been talking a lot about this with our partners this is like Dan said it's a great opportunity to make some money in for something that you believe in so if you believe in this if you believe in this product you take the CEO and you get certified and you get you a board it's amazing to be able to share this with other people that you're working with and be able to make a little bit of money on it so that's why we're giving you this opportunity to take advantage and Dan I know you have a promo code for these guys can you tell what it's for which of these parts it's for and what is the code? Yes so we're going to have a code is going to be iSSA 50 off perfect that's the number 50 OFF and it will give you a discount off of the board the CEO's released at $599 for the 16 use we're going to be doing iSSA special which is going to be $199 so again it's you know you're going to get almost two years of C use for $199 because we also understand you're going to get the board in there and then if you spent $400 you're going to be getting you know an affiliate fee offered that as well for each board yourself very quickly you can recoup that with your own clients and believe me they'll thank you for his work because it's life chain we got tens of thousands of people using the board we've got incredible testimonials and I will I love to say this not one of our testimonials or reviews has ever been paid at penny the reason being i refuse to that because people will tell mistruths for the sake of money they'll make it sound better than it is we're 100% if you believe in it and you want to help others say it you don't want to say it that's fine but we're not going to pay for something the main or be the truth because people don't tell mistruths if they're not being paid absolutely i love that so that's amazing opportunity won't throw the link of the promo code for you guys and all the details in the description of this episode as well okay so Dan before we close this out today i want to know i heard i should ask you what are eight words that change your life oh let me finish this up with a real quick story what go from soccer i'm going to sign up with the role marines because i don't eat ears with the cadets and suddenly you know i started this dance school to do a robust get stuff i thought i was going to be mounting climbing go to special forces and the teach said you should come at answer i'm like what a dance i'm a man's man i got a shade head of a backpacks i'm running and i went up as a joke really to this this dance school in London and i auditioned but it was as i already got my papers through sign up and the people there at the end of your auditions that are okay we're going to offer you a full three-year scholarship to start in two weeks time so now i'm like hang on a minute roll marines dancer dance was never in my scope but i thought you know i can go to marines in here it doesn't work out i know it's good sign up for them so i decided to take it now this is where this comes in and this is so dynamic because it applies to everybody everybody that's a trainer everyone that's a leader and every single one of your clients i went to source show called start i'd express Andrew Lloyd Webber show on the west end at the end my father would take him to see the show and i'd never seen a theater show i'm going to show him that was things show he said what do you think i went on my god that was incredible i can't believe it i said this is those people i mean that's amazing he says one day you'll be in that show and i said none i'll never be good enough i mean these period and those the a words he said somebody has to do it why not you i'm so empowering and i'd live my whole life i've done so many things and whatever i want to do whatever i've seen the opportunity to do it it's a passion for me i'll go do it somebody's going to do it why not you and that goes for anything in life if you want to do it and it's something you're passionate about i'll take the steps a champion is not someone the crosses the finish line first that's a winner a champion is someone that will step over the star line not knowing the journey ahead but having a mission because they got something to achieve that's the champions hard and even if you don't get there you've committed to the star you'll find it and this i'll show you this this was the character that ended up playing in starlight that's the lead in that there you have it so that's the proof and that is amazing i love that that is a mic drop moment for sure that is yeah that's awesome very cool well did if any of our viewers want to follow you where can they find you the 60 upboard where can we find online in social media okay social media is great you can go to Dan map calf underscore official on instagram and then on let me think on instagram the 60 up is 60 up fitness on this one on facebook it's 60 up fitness we have a members group in there that you can ask to join we're going to let you in we do live classes three times and we you can come on what she can come and join in we also have and again that's on facebook 60 up fitness you'll see our logo and then on youtube you can go to 60 up fitness on there and if you just put that in put 60 up fitness or 60 up balance Dan you'll see we've got over 300 online videos that you can use to understand the board the system of CS teaching live and i think that's it because i don't think i've got too much social media i'm damn met calf is well on on facebook and you'll see that picture as part of the stuff but that's not a drop mic moment i gotta pick the mic again i love it we'll make sure to include that in the description so i really can reach out and learn more about you and follow you a little bit that's awesome thank you so much for sharing this with Dan this has been really really cool very interesting and again i love science i love the brain i love the body hello what our bodies can do so i'm super interested i'm gonna look into the the cq's once you guys get it gone for us thanks so much i really really appreciate your awesome i love the most beautiful smile i think yeah i think it's a pleasure to be part of my with i s a and to all your members thank you for the work you do i works as a trainer for many years and it is selfless there's great moments but there's also a struggle in your giving yourself but others you know beauty in life and so on those days that's really tough thank you for getting up and going in and focusing with all suffering in different times in life and for those days that are great on glad is it keeps you going absolutely here here i second that i second that for sure thank you guys so much for watching super excited if you guys to pursue that let us know what you think when you guys check out the cq's and the board we'll be talking to you guys

=== FILE: ISSA Talk w⧸Greg Johnson： Golf Fitness and Performance Training [Eg6CP0xigdk].txt ===

Welcome everyone. Hello, I am Jenny Scott, Senior Content Developer with ISSA. Super excited to have you guys here for another edition of ISSA Talks. We are talking about golf and surprisingly, I know I've got muscles, but later now guys, I am a golfer and I'm actually pretty decent. I started what three years ago I think actually golfing and I'm not too shabby at it. So that's super exciting for me. But we have an awesome guest with us. We had a blast with you on our trainers talking truth podcasts recently. Mr. Greg Johnson, how are you Greg? Thank you so much. I'm great. Yeah, I love talking. So any trainer talking is my gig absolutely. But yeah, and for the record, welcome to the new now golfers have muscles. So you're good. Yeah, I know we're getting stronger. It's easy. Can crank the ball. I love it. Sure. Yeah. Of course, we want to pick your bait about golf fitness coming up here. But first, tell our viewers a little bit about yourself and the business that you built. Yeah. So if you didn't hear the trainers talk or hasn't come up yet, I didn't intend to actually get into ball fitness. So I actually started my career after I got through a community'sology planning on going into physical therapy. So when I moved out to California at 06, I actually started working for a physical therapy company that also just happened to be doing golf fitness and that company, which I still work for is fit golf. So that's kind of how I started. This was over 16 years ago. Since then, I've really gotten into personal training as well. Started as an independent contractor of my own business and I have my own facility, very max fitness. And we still run the physical program out of that. So what started as kind of like a physical therapy injury prevention rehab golf program, like obviously the way the direction that the sport went, the direction that golf fit is when a personal trainer is now the primary one that people are looking for. So we can prevent those injuries to begin with. Absolutely. And then really help people get stronger in their game. Absolutely. Yeah, everyone always wants to hit the ball further, but injury prevention is the really the name of the game is being able to play play for a long time, play for your entire life and enjoy it. Yeah, now speaking now, actually random question, what are some of the common injuries you see with golf. It's a rotation for it. So what do you see? Yeah, absolutely. I think for most amateur golfers, I think the number one and I'm sure most people agree with this is the low back. And I can say right off the bat, the two biggest issues is depending on how much we want to get into the anatomy is you're supposed to get most of your rotation from either your hips or your thoracic spine. And that's where most people are tight because they sit at some computers all day. They're struggling with their own joint immobilities. So when those two areas that are supposed to rotate do not. You're low back. That's not supposed to rotate ends up getting over torque. So that's where a lot of people just get bad back. But when you find some of the more advanced golfers, the golfers that do have better range emotion. You tend to find more. Different joints like elbows and shoulders because they're creating all this power and speed, but they may not be able to control it. You're seeing a lot with juniors going through these growth spurts and all of a sudden they can swing extremely fast, but they can't control it. So they're ending up with these little aches, pains and twinches and more like the movable joints, the wrists, the shoulders, the elbows. Sometimes even knees. So amateur golfers definitely your typical low back in like golfers elbow, but once you get up to a different level, it's kind of a different set of injuries. Yeah, I've been I've been seeing a lot of knee injuries with golfers, right? Because they don't have to either hips and then they translate that down through their like probably their feet up through their knee. Your knees aren't supposed to rotate like that. So yeah, exactly. Yeah, we don't want to either. A whole other animal, right? Love it. All right, so great. You're a golf fitness specialist. So tell our viewers what does that mean and what credentials did you earn to become a golf fitness specialist? Sure, absolutely. So I actually this, like I said, that's kind of how we started my personal training career was in golf fitness. And a lot of that was in the physical therapy component. So like number one educator is experience for sure. But way back in I want to say 2006 or 2007, I was actually an early adapter of the timeless performance system. So there are the ones that kind of first introduced me to the stability and mobility model. And as we talk about like the ankle small, the knee is stable, the hip is mobile and where we kind of got that from. So that was my first certification in sense and I've gone through level one fitness on the TPI level two fitness level three fitness. I decided to go to level two medical, not because I'm a medical professional, but it gave me a better idea of what medical professionals are doing. That way I can have that conversation with them as well. And then as they continue to build, I went through level two junior level three junior and that level two power. So all of this is under the the timeless performance system umbrella. I do have a couple other like more kind of generalized golf at the certifications, but TPI is where I got not only the bulk of my golf education. I've taken so much from TPI and just brought into general training. Aside from that, I'm a certified strength and conditioning specialist and I have a master's in community theology. And at the end of the day, I'm still training in athlete. And I think that kind of gets lost on a lot of people is I'm training a rotation athlete. So I'm going to take anything I would do working with a quarterback or a pitching coach and use that experience that I gained from that. To help golfers as well. Love it. Yes, there's a lot of different education that you have. I love that you're a straight coach in general and to your point. You should be able to train any rotational athlete not the same right, but it does to their sport. And D.I. for those of you that's interested in tireless performance institute. Definitely check out the description. I'll include the link for their programs as well because they do have a plethora of golf related programs. And you mentioned, Greg, before that they're going more towards just general sports overall, right? Yeah, absolutely. I mean, this is not a pain endorsement of them or anything. But do you think even if you don't work with golfers, it's an amazing certification. And what TPI did really well is they brought in all these experts from all these other rotational sports for baseball from hockey to throwing sports like track and field. And they said, how can we take this and get our athletes better? And then all of a sudden what they found is they had all these geniuses in the room. And I runically the with the CEO of the golfers actually on their advisory board and now they're medical advisory board as well. And now they're realizing, wait, all the stuff that we just put together can help every athlete, not just golfers. So they're starting some on-base you some tennis courses and I just think you're going to expand out into a whole other athletic performance thing. But so even if you don't train golfers, it's a great certification. Very cool. Yes. So definitely check that out. You guys. I know it's one that I've been fighting to get and make sure that I have to say pays for it. So I'm working on that one as well. Absolutely. All right. Great. I've heard you differentiate to when we're talking to you on our podcast about golf fitness and golf skill training in your role, which of these you focus on and why. Sure. Actually, that's a great question. I think it doesn't get asked enough because a lot of people think I teach golf like golf lessons and that is absolutely not the case. Hey, if you've ever seen my swing, that's probably not great. But one more importantly, when I work with a golf. I'm also working with their golf pro. I want to know what they're working with. So one number one, just as a marketing standpoint, I don't teach golf lessons because golf pros are one of my number one referral sources. So if someone is seeing a golf coach, they're not going to send them to me to think that they might get golf lessons. All right. So that's that's probably the priority standpoint right away is I'm going to stay within my my school practice. Those guys spend their entire life learning how the mechanics of the golf swing is going to make each person better. I decided to take my life and work on the aesthetic performance side. So more importantly, it's actually a team in TPI talks about this as well. It's getting that team together. Having the golf fitness professional, working in a hand with the golf pro and depending on where that person is with the medical professional in the nutritionist in the recovery specialist in the short games coach. These golfers, especially at a high level, have many different coaches and they all specialize in certain things. So my goal is I'm specifically working on the body and how to make it as efficient as possible to swing as much as possible. Love it. I love that you mentioned staying in your lane, right, working alongside everybody, but everybody stays in their lane. Right. Love it. Yes. So the game of golf is really exploded. I mean, it's been around for like ever really, really great. It's a very old game. But it's really blown up in popularity. It's all over TV now. They have contracts for that. There's the live golf thing. There's the PGA and all the different USDA organizations here in the US. What trends have you seen? No on the fitness side of this sport. Let's the skills less on the court more the fitness side. The biggest trend is fitness. Yeah. So yeah. When I started this back in in 06, it just wasn't around. Tiger Woods, a few other guys were really the one guys really like adamantly working out and have it be known. I used to work with golfers all the time and I do what's called trap art deadlifts or hex bar deadlifts. And I used to have to convince people like, no, I seriously. This is a great posture exercise and gluten power. And they're like, I don't want to do deadlifts is bad for my back. And then low and behold, Roy and Macro, I jumped on Instagram and does a 300 pound hex bar deadlift. And also everyone wants to know what that is and wants to do it as well. So I think what you're seeing more of is more of the public eye seeing what these guys do off the course. It used to just be, I'm going to hit a million balls and I'm going to get as good as possible. But now you're seeing the the Johnson's the kept because Tiger Woods getting back into the routine. Dish in both like all those guys and those guys are athletes. These are not just people who just swing the golf club a thousand times. So when you hear these guys spend like eight hours in the gym, it's not they're just like grinding away to eat it for eight hours. They're doing body work. They're doing recovery. They're doing in again recovery is actually probably one of the other big like trends. And I'm starting to see more because with the increasing golf fitness. Some of these people don't know how to recover. So now they're just going into the gym and working out nonstop. And then even the gym and going to hit 100 balls 200 balls. So this recovery aspect of it. I think the thing that's you're starting to see peak right now is there's a trend in golf swing speed. And as much as I love that and as much as everyone can benefit from more speed when it comes to playing. I think what you're seeing is there's an inadequate amount of speed training compared to stability mobility flexibility strength recovery because if you're not doing the foundational things flexibility mobility stability. And you just jump on a speed training program. You're going to end up injured. So what's happening is there's this big push and fitness. But people are only picking and choosing what they want. They're like, oh, I want to do weighted box jumps because I saw this person do it. Nobody wants to do pelvic tilt and bridges, but that's really actually what they need more. So it's making sure that people understand there's an abundance of information right now. So it's. Whether it's talking with your swing coach or personal trainer finding what you need for your game and it may not be the most sexy exciting thing in the world of the the the most crazy program. But if it gets you to hit the ball further, that's kind of the benefit. Yes, I agree with that. Completely. And that's kind of what any sport right all the other experts is I just want to go out there and perform or go faster run by a certain jump higher etc or swing faster right you do have to do all those other pieces because yeah. Nobody wants to sit on the floor and do rotations with that. It's the right. Exactly. It would be worth it. Yes, right. But that's part of what you do as a trainer right, as I've been in the coach with all you have to explain all the aspects of this to clients right. Right. And we not only do we use the 12 major tests from title is but fit golf has another gamut of tests that are a little bit more kind of on the medical side to where we're looking at a Thomas test and hip flexors and degrees of rotation and all these joints to really like break down. Okay, what is this person need? We also do and I forgot of this certification before but we use the K best, which is a 3D analysis system. Now again, I don't use that to train. I use that to correlate what we see in their swing with what we see in the test. So if I know and measure them and they can't rotate. I'm assuming I'm going to see something on the K best and it's usually going to tell me that. Whereas if they pass all my tests and they're they're swing is a train wreck, I'm going to say you need to go see a coach. I'm going to be able to help you get stronger, but you need to go see a coach. So my job is to really kind of find okay, what are your goals? Where are you currently at? What's your coach working with you on? And how can we make everyone's shop a little bit easier by giving you like maybe some of these nuggets of if you're willing to give me 15 minutes. I'm going to give you a 15 minute routine. Not everyone needs to work out for two hours every day. I actually found that just giving us a few people some foundational flexibility mobility work. I'm going to start getting the ball further. I love that. And that was actually kind of answers my next question, which is going to be what do you focus on in golf training for most people. But I guess it's going to depend on the assessments and the results, right? Right. And I mean at the end of the day it's athletic performance. I'm trying to make that person a better athlete and especially when it comes to juniors because I do work with juniors. I'm just trying to make them a better athlete at the age of 18 and 21 and 25. So I would say for most of my clientele like I work with juniors as young as eight. I work with long drive competitors, both male and female. I work with so many tour players, but my foundational clientele is my local guys, my country club members, and then the guys and girls that sit at desks all day. So mobility is probably the biggest thing that I have to tackle the most everybody is just getting out of that that flexed for computer position or kids with their cell phones constantly. It's just mobility mobility mobility and it's kind of one of those things is you could walk out of this door in a perfect symmetrical situation. But as soon as you go back to a desk, it's something that they constantly have to fight. So a lot of it's just understanding that this is a lifelong journey. You're not just doing these stretches for the next five weeks and you're good. This is what you need to do to combat unless you plan a retirement in the set of times soon. Can bat that like flexed forward position that most of our golfers are in. Yeah, when you started mentioning like flexion degrees, a flexion in your hips and through your thoracic items that I set up a little stereo. Yeah, but it feels matter. They matter for all sports more than people realize, but especially in a sport like golf, we're so precise right you can't just it's not like you're swinging a bat that's too far right you're swinging a club that's a couple inches of a face right. So you super precise with what you're doing, meaning your body needs to be able to mechanically move correctly. Yeah, and unlike a lot of other sports, this is a dominantly one sided sport. True. Even if you're playing baseball on your pitching and you're throwing, you're still moving, you're still having to run your song to change direction. Golf is just a dominantly repetitive thing over and over and over again. So you have to pay attention to your body to make sure you don't get those repetitive injuries. But yeah, absolutely. It's just kind of one of those things like we're paying attention to the body as a whole. Whatever gets them a better body to move, whether they're doing golf and other sport or just stuff in their backyard. That's going to, that's going to attribute back and forth. I love that. And I've actually never thought about it like that, right, but you put it at it's a one sided sport. You're right, even as a pitcher, you still bat, I mean, right, that you changed directions. You saw the run, right, you're still doing all these other things but golf. You thought you could run the other way. Right. And that's one of the things that we focus on in the gym and there's a lot of swing programs out there. That was originally based on Tom House's pitching protocols. And when you work speed, you swing both directions. And not because you're trying to get accurate at, like, for example, I'm a right hand a golfer. Not that I'm trying to get better and accurate at left handed. But neurologically, when your body works both directions better, your primary direction will continue to improve and get better as well. So there's, there's an absolute neurological component to that as well. Love it. Yeah, that makes so much sense. And I never thought about it like that. Awesome. Okay. So somebody wants to specialize in something like golf fitness or any sports. What advice would you give to them to set themselves apart? Well, the first, the first part of advice I would say is don't shut off golf fitness. When somebody mentioned said, I'm, I talked to a lot of trainers. I don't know what I'm working golfers. First of all, it's a very lucrative business. It's a money sport. It takes a lot of money. And there are guys that will, are willing to pay a thousand dollars to beat their buddies for 20 bucks. So so I didn't intend to get into golf fitness. It kind of fell in my lap and I just happened to have the opportunity to run with it. But if you decide to go to golf fitness, like, like I said, TPI is a wonderful resource. If you work with any rotation left, just know that you already probably have more of a background than you think. And then obviously, I still work for fit golf. I've worked for them for 16 years. Fit golf is a franchise. But even franchises like myself, we're looking for satellite locations. We're looking for employees. So fit golf is also another great resource. I'm over here in California. We have one down in San Diego. The headquarters is in control, in Pennsylvania. So we have franchises all over and we're always looking for more franchises, obviously. But even the franchises that exist, like if you're in Sacramento, come challenge me. Because I'm always looking for more people to help. I would say there's kind of a shortage of golf, and especially because a lot of people don't know that we even exist. I literally just have a conversation with someone at the day. Like I didn't even know this was a thing. And I feel like we've been around for a while. So you know, I'm not marketing right? Or we're just not getting out there. Absolutely. Yeah. So if you guys are interested in working for fit golf or franchising, check the description of this episode as well. Greg shared with us the link for the Sacramento fit golf, which is where he is. But that also can link you to the fit golf website and franchise information and employment information, right? Absolutely. And we, like I said, we've actually been doing a lot of great things with some of the franchises. So I'm not going to see here and say I've done this on myself. Fran and Dave were kind of at the corporate level. They made some great connections with the local PGA chapters. I'm now currently an education provider for our local NCPGA. So they'll come in and learn from me, the fitness stuff that they don't know, which allows me to kind of connect with them just one more way. So we've had some great opportunities here. So it gives us a little more of a system that otherwise I wouldn't have. So it's a great opportunity even though I do all my own facility. It's still fun to kind of have that kind of on the side to be that I got on that national level too. Absolutely. Yeah. Good to have connections. Remember you saying like you're not great at golf and you don't golf often, but you coach golfers. Yeah. Exactly. Once I open my business, my golf game is kind of a correlation that my golf game started going downhill. But yeah, my goal is to make other people as good as possible. I could spend five hours on the front range or five hours doing a podcast seminar or learning more to help other people. So I do that. Absolutely. And guys, Greg is a great example of the fact that you don't have to necessarily participate in a sport in order to train people that do because he also mentioned on our podcast that he's working with equine writers or horse writers, right? A question. Yep. So yeah, another random thing that kind of fell on my lap of question. And I also work with a lot of law enforcement. And I'm obviously I'm not a lot to say, they're good. I'm not law enforcement officer. I get that a lot of stuff. But it's just kind of one of those. And an opportunity to route a rose and I decided to do as much research as possible to help certain people. And like I said, with golf fitness, I actually used to play when I first moved out to California. I mean, there's no offseason that we have from Maine. We had three, three months ago. Yeah. When I moved out to California, I golfed quite a bit. But as I continue to develop in the field, I mean, golf is a time consuming sport and so is running a business. So you pick and choose like I can hold my own in the scramble, but I don't know if I'm going for any club championships and something right fair enough fair enough. All right, Greg, the million dollar question. Who is your favorite professional golfer to watch? That's kind of interesting. Golf is really fun to watch right now. And I'm not someone that was sitting front of a TV watch golf, but I personally just because I'm Irish, I do like Rory Mac Arroy, but as it pertains to what I do, the film, Michaelson kind of stands out because he's a guy that 10 years ago was doing arthritis commercial arthritis medication commercials. And then he even talks about his journey in fitness. And at the eight going into his 50s, he's now swinging faster than he was 10 years earlier. So I think that that technique makes with more people because a lot of people just assume, well, I'm getting older, I'm not hitting it as far and it's it's not because you're getting older, it's because you're not training for speed. So as a as a professional, I think, Bill McElson kind of hits hits a little harder because that that's really the direction that most golf is going is they realize and they can play better in their 50s. And I may have been that 30s. So a lot of things have changed. Absolutely. You just focus on it. I like that. He's I like him to nice my favorite golfer is Dustin Johnson. Not gonna lie your little namesake out there. Yeah, that's the thing like when they started talking about fitness and I was saying everybody's getting on this type of coach with training wants to work out and train he was one of them who did it, but he didn't get overly big like he didn't like Bryson D Shambow. He got a little too big for a while and had to cut that. Yep, right. And he's a phenomenal golfer. He's really consistent. Has a great swing. He's just fun to watch. Yeah, and I hope I'm not wrong with this. I do believe he works with Joey D. And that's actually another great resource as far as golf golf fitness. I know I know he's got at least one book out. So it's just kind of there's a lot of resources out there that really is. So it's just like taking those resources and depending where you live like I said, I'm from Maine. We don't really like all three months out of the year. There's still golfers there. And if they're not in vacation there. So. Mm-hmm. Absolutely. Nice. Well, where can our viewers find more about you? We're going to put some links in the chat, which are in the description. What's your day to look in part? Yeah, so again, my my facility is very max fitness. That's just in Sacramento. It's my own personal. It's a one out. But also if you go to fit golf or Sacramento dot fit golf dot com, those are private to easy ways to find me. My Instagram is G Johnson fit and if I still have a Facebook and I think it's auto shares, but it's great Johnson fitness. So that's usually the East Way to find me better at email. So you're welcome to go through the websites. Still working on my social media game. There we go. We got to get some you got to post some videos if you're training some golfers. That's right. Like share subscribe. There we go. Watch me. Oh, nice. Yes. I'm right. I know way back to my. Love it. Well, thank you for joining us yet again, Greg. Hopefully. Thank you. I'd be happy to. I love talking. Awesome. Well, we love having you. You've got a lot of great information to share. So you're a great resource for our students. Thank you so much, Greg. Appreciate it. Thank you. And thank you guys for tuning in. Hope you learned a lot. Watch rewatch share. All that good stuff. But thank you guys for watching. We'll be talking to you soon.

=== FILE: ISSA Talk w⧸Jarod Cogswell： Fitness Ideas and Gamification for Client Engagement [PHMEbQyy0ps].txt ===

Welcome back everyone for another episode of I.S.A. talks. I am Jenny Scott, Senior Content Development for you with I.S.A. and I have an amazing guest that we actually had on our podcast recently. So if you listen to our podcast, we hope you do. You've probably heard this guy. But we're going to talk a little bit more and about some different things. I have with me, Jared Cudzel, how are you, Jared? I'm doing great, Jenny. How are you? I'm great. Thank you so much for joining me again. It was a blast talking to you on the podcast. I'm super excited to talk with you again today. I'm a win-triest all week. Right? I know. And here it is a Friday that we're recording. Couldn't have ended the week any better. I love it. Let's go. So for anybody who doesn't know who you are, we share with our watchers, who you are and how you got to where you are in the industry so far. Well, I'll definitely share it. I'll just give a quick bullet point. I've been in the industry longer than I would like to admit. But it was something when I first got involved in fitness, I didn't really look at it as a full career. I thought it was just going to be this awesome job where I can train and impact other people and help them achieve the benefits that I was getting from my own training. But I thought this was just kind of a job that once you get a real job, you turn into something else. Fortunately for me, I started down a personal training at a very young age 19 years old. I got certified, but I just fell in love with the business. All through college, I got different opportunities. I got involved in management. And that just led to other opportunities throughout my career. It was always like a building block. But first and foremost, what my true love was training and coaching. And so there's been kind of a roller coaster ride to be honest with you. Because when you're in these management roles, sometimes you don't have time to do the things that you really love to do. And fortunately after a certain period of time, I was able to get back into it. Do everything I can to inspire people, motivate people and also most importantly educate people. And so I've served as a general manager for a really great organization called leisure sports. They were branded clubs sport. And then went off, tried my own thing, operating my own facility. And that was fun for a while. But really the difference maker for me is I also served as a mastermind business coach for Todd Durkin. So Todd and I go way back. And I coach for him for eight years up until recently. And coaching fitness entrepreneurs on their business. We covered everything from leadership to sales and marketing to programming to, you know, in the trenches kind of stuff, right? And so it's always awesome when you get to hang around a guy like TD. And but you know, back in 2018, I had this unique opportunity where I was invited as a performance coach for a group called Alpha Warrior out of San Antonio, Texas and served as a coach for the US Army Boston Championships in Fort Braggin, North Carolina. And what we did is we brought all of these soldiers from all around the globe at all these different bases. And this was the championship for two and a half weeks. And I had, I had the awesome crew from Bechenza Italy. These airborne just savages, you know. And so, but that's also where I met at the time. I didn't know it, but he was going to become one of my best friends, Yancy Cole. Yancy and I were both coaching throughout the 16 days of the competition. We ran first and second place with our teams and we were rumored together, right? We were in this little 16 foot RV that was, it was really tight quarters, but we just had a blast with one another and we were helping each other out with the teams as well. And from there, we just really developed a strong bond and we were always trying to figure out different ways that we could collaborate. And one day, Yancy, you know, admittedly, he sends me a FaceTime video out of an event called Hyros. And it was in Miami, Florida. And I was like, what the heck is that? I want a piece of that, you know. And so it was just this full functional fitness event. It looked like just like this crazy magical boot camp, right? And so Yancy, you know, I call him Gettie Brink, because he's on, if he has one idea, that means he's got a thousand ideas following it. And, you know, he calls me out of the blue one day and he says, hey, I got this idea. I, I like hy rocks. I love what they do, but I feel like I've got something here that maybe you and I can consume on for a little bit and beat it up. And that's exactly what we did. We just, so we came up with something called Decafit. And it was 10 functional training zones. And each zone was preceded by a 500 meter run. And so, you know, we went through all the 10 zones. Like really beat up the zones. We wanted this to be a full body functional fitness test that was basically going to be a competition or an event. Well, the other thing that was important is, you know, in order to really give this a platform, Yancy had a really strong relationship with Joe Decent of the CEO of Spartan Race. And Joe said, hey, I love the idea. What do we got to do to make this happen? And so, Yancy presented the idea to him initially and, you know, Yancy and I continue to beat up the zones. And Joe bought into the idea, thankfully, because Spartan gave us a great platform to launch the product, right? And this was back in December of 2019, just a few months before the pandemic closed us down. So immediately from Boston, you know, even in the Boston airport, I have to say this, Yancy and I were still arguing about the zones. We were doing, we were doing sit-ups in, you know, in the in the in the gate areas and so forth. And people are looking at us like, which wrong with these guys? And so, um, needless to say, we, we started, you know, scheduling events out in our first one was going to be here in Denver, Colorado. And, um, you know, we went and shook hands with a lot of jim owners and fitness professionals throughout Denver. We, and I essentially lived in Denver for three months, and introducing the idea. And we were, we were even coaching modified deck of workouts. We, um, and we were just trying to build participation for the actual event, you know, Joe had this idea and has had and Joe thinks big all the time, right? Because I want 2,500 people at this event. We're like, man, like, this, this brand isn't even breathing yet, right? But, you know, that was the goal. And we ended up having 1,200 people sign up for it. But the way we did it was, it was just relentless. We were just, you know, we were so passionate and so excited to introduce this to the world of fitness. It didn't even matter if it was this 16 hour day. We never, we were never, you know, mode in or line in about long days, and long hours are being away from our homes. And, um, you know, we also, we rented out this, um, we rented out this old abandoned team art. And this came art was in terrible condition, right? I mean, you, you, you should have been able to sign a waiver before you walked into this place. Because when it snowed, there was a good chance that that snow was going to fall through the roof, right? Yeah. But we had to come up with the concept so that we can mimic what the real deck of course would look like at the Denver Broncos training center. So we had this epic event planned at this awesome venue, right? But for now, we were bringing in club members, gym members from all over, uh, Denver and in Colorado Springs to come test it out and people loved it. They didn't care that the heat wasn't on. And this was the beginning winter. Well, and for some we started hearing about this COVID-19 thing, right? And about 10 days out, um, we officially canceled the event. I remember just being really emotional on the way home, you know, it was like, thing, you know, I thought this was going to be our thing. You know, this was going to be the thing that launches something for all levels of fitness. And, um, you know, so I got back home, I was living in Tennessee at the time with, um, my, my fiance now wife. And, um, I just thought, okay, we're going through this pandemic. We don't know if it's two weeks, two months, or however long it's going to go. Joe calls, I said, uh, geez, he's, uh, he's probably going to, you know, cut us off, you know, because of this pandemic thing. And Joe's, Joe's phone call was more like, I don't know what the hell you and Nancy were doing in Denver. But if you got 1200 people to show up on a brand that nobody knows about, what are we going to do to keep this, this train rolling? And so that's when the antsy and I started going to work on some different ideas, like, how can we support the fitness industry? How can we support these gym owners that are hurting with these closures? And so, uh, we came up with these ideas of like actually being able to host modified DACA fit events at the gyms. So we came up with two new products, uh, DACA strong, which were the same 10 functional training zones, uh, but with zero okay. And then the other one was the DACA mile, uh, where it each zone was preceded by 160 meters of running. Now, there's a big difference between the two. And I love the DACA mile because it's that nice hybrid between DACA fit, which is, which is the 5K course. Oh, no. But the DACA miles that hybrid between DACA fit and DACA strong. And you get a little bit of recovery, right, between the zones. A lot of people look at DACA strong ago. Oh, I could do DACA strong that there's no running, but there's no recovery. Like, like, you go through zone one, which, which is the reverse alternating lunge weighted, then you go into a 500 meter row. And then you're going to 20 box jumps or step up in overs, right? And your legs are just, you know, they're, they're hurting. And so, um, anyway, we just, uh, so we created those and started playing around with them. And we were able to, uh, we, we called our vendors all of the equipment netters and said, hey, the insane I are going to do a road show up and down the Florida coastline. Okay. And we're going to introduce DACA strong to all of these gyms, DACA strong and the DACA mile. We're going to do it for free. But, you know, we'll give you guys some promotion and, you know, we're going to Florida because they were on another planet during the pandemic. Yeah, right. And so we were able to do that. And we went to 14 different gyms and 16 days. And we, uh, we, okay, had these these pensky trucks going up and down. And it was awesome. People loved it. We created this, uh, we, you know, our team put together this leaderboard so that, you know, if, if Jenny performs her decades strong in 18 minutes, she's going to be up on the leaderboard. And it was defined by her gender, her age. And it just gave her something to shoot for, like, you know, and, and really, you know, we're, I know we're going to talk about this, but it gamified fitness. It showed their demonstrated exactly where Jenny was on her fitness journey at that time. And it could also serve as motivation to, because Jenny's gone, you know, when I was in Zone 7, I held back a little bit, you know, conserving for 8, 9 and 10. So I think I can do better. So we actually had people following us from city to city so they can improve what we deemed their decamark. Now we call the decamark. We call the decamark a new standard of fitness, right? Not that not, not the only standard of fitness. We're not sticking our chest like that, but it's a standard of functional fitness, you know, and it's, and we don't care how quickly you can do it, but we want you to use that as a barometer for where you are, you know, like I said, on your fitness journey to show the progress that you're making, right? And it can't view something objective to shoot for. And the other cool thing that you would get, you know, when you finish a decastron and decamile or even a decafite, you're going to get a really cool, decashered, you're going to get the metal and your name's going to be up on that leaderboard. But, you know, I know that's, that's very long-winded, but that's, that's really what we launched during one of the hardest times that I think the fitness industry has ever endured, and it just took off, you know, within a short amount of time, we had over 150 gems across the country, now, because when we came back from that trip, what I left out is that we built an affiliate program. We said, hey, if Jennings, the owner of this facility, you know, for $99 a month, she could be hosting these events at her facility, positioning her, her gym as the authority in her market when it comes to fitness and bringing all these communities together, because all the all the other gems show up for this, even the other gem owners. And they're applauding one another and bringing people together and they're celebrating fitness, you know, and I think that's what's really important. I mean, all of us can go beat somebody up, right? You know, when it comes to fitness, whether it's a hit class, bootcamp, whatever it is. But when you get to celebrate your fitness with others and like-minded people, that engagement is so invaluable. Absolutely. So, I think that's so cool, the way that you guys are able to branch this out, because a lot of people think of fitness products as like a physical thing, right? Like a ball or a fire hose or a kettlebell, but there's ideas and you guys had an idea and your chip fitness and you made it fun and you mentioned the word, let's talk about it. Game of the occasion or you mentioned sportification before we got on our call. What is that and why does it matter when we're talking about fitness? Well, I think, you know, and you know this about me already, but I think that the masters of gamification or the ones that have had the most impact when it comes to gamified fitness is my zone and I know there's other products out there, but you know, shout out to my good friends over there at my zone. Love those guys. I was an early adopter when they first, you know, were launching their prototypes. And I tell you what, right now we're hosting a my zone challenge and that's what's keeping me going every single day, right? Like I see my friends, if I see Jenny on my phone and she's getting her work out done, that's motivation for me to get my work done and I'm going to give Jenny a like, I'm going to give her a comment, you know, and if she didn't go hard enough, I might talk a little bit of trash. But you know, it's all about fun and it's that socialization, sportified fitness is something similar to that because I think, you know, and I'm guessing you think the same way, I believe all of us are athletes in this game called 100%. Right? And we forget that in sport, sometimes we never discover that interact with within us. And this is a way to rediscover it or find out, you know, that you are an athlete. And again, I think when we created something, it was for all levels of fitness and we created different bookends, you know, we've got that novice beginning, you know, fitness participant all the way to the elite athlete. And we have them all. And then we have everybody in between that is doing their best to be the best version of themselves. And I think, you know, we have people show up at these deck events. And there are some of them are just there because my friends are there and they wanted to do this and they dragged me to this. And I had a blast and I completed it and that's the mountain I wanted to climb this, you know, today or it's, you know what, the last time I did this, you know, this is where I was and this is where I want to be. So now they're competing against themselves. And what we used as our mantra and we've all heard it, but it's you versus you, right? And then we've got that other book in that says, oh, Jenny Scott, you wait, I'm going to crush you out on the court, right? So it just ran the gamut. And so when I say it's fortified fitness, it's something to train for, you know, and I think a lot of us got involved in fitness because of the training aspect. I remember the first time I got dragged to a gym was by my uncle. He was he was training for college football. I was training for for high school football. And I just fell in love with it. And I knew that if I didn't train for the sport, I wasn't going to do as well. And so DACA in itself became this sport, but it also can be deemed as a test or a competition for yourself or against others. And that's, and I think sportifying fitness is, is really important because again, I think a lot of people join gyms or they purchase personal training. And there's some great trainers that will measure that progress because we know progress and when we get recognized for it, that that gives us results, but also motivation to continue and also the discipline necessary to live a healthy lifestyle. And I don't think we do that enough in our industry. This gave us a fun way to assess and test where you are on that fitness journey like I mentioned earlier. And to me, you look at DACA as a sport. You know, that you're going to have fun doing it, especially when when you progress and you shorten down those those DACA marks. Yeah, I really like what you said about training for it because people, I tell people that all the time if we want people to be consistent, right? As a fitness professional, I want my clients to be consistent, you have to give them a goal, right? But not everybody has a goal and want to lose weight. I want to gain weight. I want to do this. I want to do that. But if you give them something to train for it like, hey, the next time we're doing your decades, it's going to be in two months. You got eight weeks to train, which part of that did you want to improve, right? And then they have focus now when they're in the gym, which is why I had bodybuild. If I'm being honest, I retired air quotes from bodybuilding. I don't know how many times over the last 13 years. But every time I go back to it because I'm like, I'm forward, I had nothing to train for. Nothing to work towards. But when you give higher sportify, you're giving them something to work for. And I think that's awesome that you guys thought about that. So you can't retore people and help keep them engaged. Well, and we, the really solid affiliates that are out there, the deck of affiliates that I'm referring to, they get that. So they're hosting six week programs leading up to their event, which builds viral, it builds more participation for these events. And these events, by the way, are just magical. I mean, they're just energy fast. And some of the great gym operators that they're out there, they've got live DJs out there, they've got vendor booth set up. So it's really cool. And then we, on top of all that, we built what we call the deck of training system that address three pillars. Okay. So workout number one for the week, you know, because we're encouraging at least three workouts a week. Number one was, was focused on strength and power. We called that deck of forge. The second one was anaerobic conditioning. We called that deck of burn. And then the third one is endurance. We called that deck of grip. You know, so it was all about, you know, branding the workouts and just having fun with it instead of being overly technical. So cool. I love that each one of who has a name. That's so sorry. And it keeps people like that. A few civil focused engaged. And they, their each workout has a purpose, which is cool. Yeah. So it's amazing. The hear the story of how you guys put this together. Again, who all started with an idea how do we get this out here at one of the hardest times in the fitness industry. You can imagine you're absolutely correct to anybody watching this that maybe has an idea like, oh, we could do this or I could do that. What advice would you give them as far as like taking that from a ceiling and how do you make it grow? You know, I, again, I've worked with fitness entrepreneurs, you know, that have their own gyms. And so fortunately, come up with these great ideas that can impact the industry. And I, I totally get it. But you have to be all in. You can't be distracted. Like if you really believe into something, that means that you might have to quit that secure job or whatever you're doing on the side or if you own a gym, you might have to find a manager to run that gym. But if you want that product, that innovation that you've created to thrive and get out there, you've got to get completely behind it. You've got to introduce it to the world. You've got to be repetitive. You've got to be consistent. You've got to be able to share the solutions to the problems that you're addressing. But you got, I guess the number one thing is you've got to go all in. You go all in on all the marketing platforms. You go in with your network. You get them behind it. You get, you know, whether it's a street team or ambassadors. You get people behind it. And I'm not talking about just influencers. I'm talking about people that are in the business of fitness that understand business that and they understand the challenges with it and they're out there speaking towards that product. But number one, you just, you have to go in and you really have to identify what the solution is to some of the problems that we face. And the thing that we felt with DACA was, hey, we're trying to get people off the couch, you know, just like the rest of the gyms. But we look at this as something inspiring. Yes, I can sit down with, you know, with my phone and track everybody's workout and or their their progress that they're making. But when I get to go celebrate fitness, that's motivational. Very cool. Yeah, you definitely have a passion for fitness and for helping people and for encouraging people and it comes across not only in when we're speaking to you, it absolutely comes across here. But in the product that you guys created, like, how could you not be motivated? Even if to your point earlier, if you're just competing against yourself, right? So say maybe you're not ready to compete against other people. You do it once. Everybody wants to improve their time. Or I slow down on this this leg of it. I can do a little bit. I know I can do better next time, right? Just like when athletes test for, for example, their 40-meter dash, right? 40-art dash. Whether you're competing against other people and being ranked or whether it's just your time, can you better? 100% of course, you're going to try and then go beat it. Right? So we know there's entities out there that it's all about the PR and so on. But I love that. That's the game of vacation piece of it. Yeah, and there's still opportunities out there, right? Would you say there's an opportunity for decades if it's a continue to grow? Oh yeah. I mean, it's, you know, I just got off the phone with you know, one of the representatives from Deca, Europe. And you know, so now it's going global. And it's, it's, it's really been impactful for those that have actually given it a shot. And, you know, there's going to be so, it's not the fit for everybody. Sure. But, but it is something that I know for those that want to impact the lives and their communities around them. It's, it's something fun, but it's also something that's going to produce results. I just don't think there's anything out there like it, just yet. I mean, you can, you can argue CrossFit CrossFit's awesome. I love CrossFit. Napserves a community, the bodybuilding community. We all have our different segments and avatars in the, the deck of community, you know, again, what I'm proud of, I'm proud of that that woman or man in their 50s or 60s and they're walking the course and they're finishing their and getting their Deca mark to me. That's, that's just, that's a true victory from my perspective as a fitness professional. Yeah. And I think we have to make it, especially strong point to anybody who has an idea or wants to get involved in something like this. There's, for you, there's no limit to who you work with, right? Because this is a product for literally anyone and how many people are on this work for right now. Like 8 billion people, you don't need all 8 billion of them to love this product. I always use the term Sama Naut all. This is great for Sama Naut for all, right? But out of those 8 billion people, if you've been captured half a percent of that 8 billion people, that's a lot of lives that you're changing. That's a great opportunity to make money, right? There's, you can be successful capturing a small fraction of that market. But if your idea is a little bit more near, I'm to say it's something for personal trainers. Well, I know I actually does a research recently. There's something like 400,000 personal trainers. They say in the US alone. So around that up to globally, there's over a million trainers out there estimated if you can reach a fraction of a percent of those million people, you can still have a pretty darn big impact. Be successful financially. Like do all the things you want to do. You don't have to reach all of them. But then you also have to do what you said, which is, figure out what are you trying to solve for? Right? What's the issue that you're trying to solve for? That nobody else is solving in that way, which you agree? Yeah. And you have to love what you're doing. You've got to, and you've got to remember your mission every single day. And again, coming from the wise talk dirt, and it's all about passion, purpose, and impact. And I think that that's what makes a world-class trainer or coach is remembering those those three pillars on every day basis. That's what gets you out of bed on those 430 AM mornings, maybe a 4-ning, maybe a 330. But man, when you get the chance to, you know, I don't really say change somebody's life, but maybe enhance somebody's life. Man, that's that's purposeful, and that's a reason to get out of bed and get after it and inspire others. So cool. And I know you've had some amazing mentors in your career. So what if somebody wants to make you their mentor, or really reach out and find out more about what you're doing? How can there be words reach you, Jay? A couple of ways emails an easy one. So Jay Cogswell at enterpriseaffleet.com. And then also on Instagram, just like everybody else, JAROD underscore Cogswell. You can find me on there. But yeah, I'm always out there helping people as much as I can. I've made more mistakes in this business than most, probably because I've been in it for a long time. And what I try to do is write those wrongs and help somebody else. I love it. Well, thank you so much for sharing that. We'll definitely make sure to put that in the show notes so that everybody can reach out to you. Well, also sure to be guys, the web address for decades, so you guys can check it out. Do you guys have any big events coming up in the near future here? Oh, there's always big events. And the biggest one coming up for DACA is the DACA World Championships in Atlantic City next month. And so it's been so fun watching all this on social people just going crazy trying to qualify for the World Championship. So, you know, and again, Spartan Race is impacting lives indoors and outdoors now, which is which is really cool. But Joe DeCentra was really gracious to give you an to an eye that that opportunity and it's amazing what it's become. Love it. Love it. Well, make sure that if you're posting on social at the World Team being tips, make sure to tag ISSA online so that we can share it with everyone. Sounds good. Well, thank you so much for sharing your story and a little bit more about how you put this together, how you've engaged people, Jerry. This has been awesome. Well, I appreciate you, Jenny. And you know what? I love watching you on social. You are a true girl. I mean, you just read and sleep fitness, but also fun. So it's been fun getting to know you too. Thank you. Yeah, I love everything I do. I tell people everything I do in life is fitness related. Even when I go to sporting events, like I go to sporting events to be like, what are the trainers doing? Like at the beginning of a sudden basketball game. I'm like, I don't care about the basketball. What are the trainers doing down there? Could you go down by the court? I know. I want to be those guys every time I see them down there. I mean, I would not hate it. Put it that way. I would not turn it down. Well, I love what ISSA is doing to the to the world of fitness and it's incredible to watch the team grow and all the great things that you're bringing to all of us. So thank you. Absolutely. And thank you, Jared. What we talking you see in first video, that one guys, if you haven't listened to this podcast episode should be out. Sometimes before this comes out, so nice picture. Go back listen for a judge episode. And let us know what you think. Thank you again, Jared. Thank you. Absolutely. Thank you guys for watching. What we talking to you, Steve?

=== FILE: ISSA Talk w⧸Josh Hilgers - Put Your Health First： Health Insurance for the Fitness Professional [EVd5WWTX1AU].txt ===

Welcome back everyone for another ISSA talk. I am Jenny Leibel, Senior Content Developer here with ISSA. Super excited. I feel like I've been on hate for my ISSA talks for a while, but we have a really great partnership that I really want to highlight for you guys today. Talking about the world of health insurance and we're not talking about like training insurance and liability insurance. We're talking about the other side of insurance. So who better than to bring on Mr. Josh Pilger from all state who is one of our great partners now. Hello Josh welcome. Hey Jenny. Thanks for having me. Yes, super excited for you to be here with us. I kind of clear some stuff up explain what we've got going on here and talk to us. I just wanted to talk about why that's actually matters for them. So I have a little bit of information about Josh in our description for the episode guys so you can see exactly who he is. But Josh can you tell our viewers a little bit about yourself and how you got involved in the world of health insurance? I will absolutely. I probably was like many of you much younger and working for a company that was offering insurance and then stopped offering insurance. And so I found myself looking for my own health insurance to cover my family. I was newly married. I had a one year old son and so I needed insurance. I always told me I did so I did. And so was looking for health insurance myself and found that it was pretty, you know, like convoluted and confusing and was able to find great company and they actually said, Hey, if you want to sell insurance and help explain to other people, you get a 25% discount on your premiums. And I thought, hey, and so 24 years later here I am. One of the VPs of National Account Sales with all state health solutions. I'm super excited to be here and you know the career path that I've had I've certainly learned a lot about insurance and how the world works, but I did it from, you know, really the same place that a lot of people that might be watching this are as someone needing my own health insurance. Yeah, absolutely. And I think you're absolutely right that health insurance is kind of convoluted even if you work for a company that offer that right they said you a link or a packet of information about all the different options and you look at it. And you're like, this is written in some kind of scribe. I can't quite make up what it says, right and it's a little bit confusing and you just kind of close your eyes and pick one or pick one based on right. So let's start by can you break down for us the types of health insurance that someone may need for themselves or their and or their family. Yeah, absolutely. You would want to start off with what we would call a core product. I actually have the website that we feel in partnership with the ISSA and if I click on health insurance, these are some of the core products. So right now in America, we have these affordable care act plans and they're written by this is a Florida zip code. Florida blue, a mayor health, etna, Molina, there's Oscar. So each state may have different carriers that are offering major medical under the Affordable Care Act. These are great plans that a lot of the folks watching may qualify for a subsidy to help them purchase. So you can see here this premium was reduced from $484 to $391 based on an income that that we put in there. So you can go on to the website. You can put your income in and it's going to tell you exactly what your premium would be for any of these. And it helps reduce that cost to make it more affordable. Other than ACA plans as a core medical, a very popular option in a lot of states is short term medical. These are 12 month contracts and so there's a renewal period every year. These are medically underwritten. So again, a lot of you fitness enthusiasts and coaches and nutritionists and you're probably in great shape and would qualify for a plan that has a much lower cost. It just renews every year. And so let's say you went with this option and you found this plan with just a $5,000 deductible. A million, a $250,000 max benefit or if you want to a million max benefits, a little more expensive. So you can find the right plan for you. And then keep that for for 12 months. If anything happens, obviously your coverage is there, but if it's an illness that they would not cover going forward, then you could switch to one of the. ACA plans because those are guaranteed issue and you'd be able to move over to one of those. So it's a cost savings that you may be able to have for several years or forever, you know, depending on kind of how that health is. So that's definitely a strategy in a lot of states. There's some states like California that don't allow short term medical. So you'd want to check the side out, put in your zip code and see what's available. The last thing I'll mention that we have available here is these ancillary coverages. And so if you look just the very first option. It's a $7,600 deductible and an out-of-pocket max of 9,000, $4,500. That's really expensive. And so if you have a $7,600 deductible and you know you're working out, you pull a muscle or, you know, you're you're engaged in sports and you break an ankle or you break an arm. You don't want to have to pay all of the bills up to $7,600. And so an accident plan would have just a $250 deductible. And then this one here, for example, could cover you up to $7,500. So that covers that major medical deductible for only $6 a month in this example. So what we want to do and what's different than just going to healthcare.gov or some of the sites where you can access these ACA plans is we really want to take a look at what are your needs. What would be the most efficient and economical way for you to cover the risks that you're most concerned about? We have critical illness, dental vision, you know, there's these other programs here to really round out that health program. And the last thing I'll mention, I talked about core medical. I really was focused on the under 65 market, but we also have a Medicare market. And so putting in a zip code. I'll just throw an Alabama zip code in there. It's going to also again give me rates on Medicare advantage. It's it's going to let me see what plans are available. So if you're over 65 in eligible, we've got some comparison tools here. I'm going to skip that just so you can see. But a lot of these plans have zero premium as well. Okay. And so I've got a lot of different carriers I can choose for how I can find the plan. But the beauty of this is just circle and back, Jenny, what we talked about is even now just looking at this site. There's some stuff. What does in network mean what does all of the. Shopping that you're doing on this website? You're not going to do it alone. Once you put in your contact information, we have licensed agents in all 50 states. And they're going to be able to walk through this with you and help you understand if it any time I've said, you know, I'm looking at this. I just want to talk to an expert. We do have the call center a hundred number that you need to I SSA right here as well. And so I can talk to a licensed expert that understands. My needs, how the carriers work in my area and what benefits package is going to be best for me, my family, whoever I'm looking to cover. I love this. So I think that was actually what I was going to ask is what happens if I have questions, but I do love Josh that you can put in your zip code and where you are and mind you. This is US only right now. But you can put in your zip code in the exactly where you are and you guys kind of sort through all the things that we need to know anyway and give us the things that are appropriate based on where we live. That's it. That is that symbol and that you offer quite a few different types of coverage and you can kind of just bundle them together. And for somebody who like myself who's worked for an organization I work for I SSA right we have health insurance and it's partially covered by our employer when you're working for yourself. That cost is on you essentially right, but it is generally speaking going to be attached right off you can talk to your tax professional things like that. But the costs Josh are actually really good these are very similar. I've actually looked at my item. I just effort when you're picking every year through an employer the cost is right along that line per month. But it's just that my employer picks up a part of it and I actually part of it. What are your thoughts on that? How do you guys do that? Yeah, so it's based on the coverage right. So when you're on an employer plan they're kind of looking at everybody and seeing. And what the cost would be if you're in a group that's under 50 they group all the small businesses together a carrier does and says what's what's our risk profile here. What do we need to charge to make sure we don't lose money. The insurance companies they don't like to lose money right and so. The beauty of buying your own coverage is that you choose the plan and the carrier so when you're on an employer plan typically it's here it is take it or leave it. So you can get to choose you if you want to floor to blue or at nine I can change every year. You are subject to the cost of it. You don't have an employer helping you pay but that's what the affordable carac tried to address in these subsidies. And so based on your income if you make. You know less than $60,000 a year in taxable income adjusted gross. I know how works for self employed right. And then you are probably eligible for some cost savings. If you have a family your your threshold goes up so a family of four making a hundred and twenty thousand dollars a year would still qualify for a subsidy to help pay their premium. This isn't government insurance it's not. That's what the government is doing. I think it's a big deal. The government is going to help you make a medical that you're rolling in it's the affordable carac to set dollars aside and set. We're going to help fund premium for those that find it on affordable and they set that threshold based on your income. Where you live how much the plans are. And then you can sign up for it any time or change your plan at any kind right it's not like. The government issued stuff at least in the US where there's an enrollment period between you December this in January this and if you missed it you're kind of out of luck until the next enrollment period. Yeah so it's a great question. We'll be available all year long these ACA plans do they are subject to the ACA enrollment period if you're making a change. This is what is really important about the relationship with I say you have folks every month that are coming into their own business maybe they're leaving a parents or another employers insurance. So we call qualifying life events or QL leads and so you can come in here if you have a QL lead you do have a your own open enrollment for 30 days whenever that is triggered so let's say I've got you know the open enrollment period is usually mid November through December. So let's say I graduate in May and I'm going to you know start a business and I want to get help insurance I'm going to leave my parents plan and buy my own health insurance or I'm going to leave my parents plan and buy my own health insurance or I'm going to leave an employer plan and go out on my own those are all qualifying life events that allow you to come in here and buy your own insurance. That open enrollment period and qualifying life events only applies to this tab with the ACA plans. Okay the short term medical. The dental division the accent to critical illness anytime throughout the year any day you can come in here and purchase. Love it. Okay that makes perfect sense and I was going to ask you what these QL leads are so that's perfect. Can you give us an example of other QL leads just to these guys have an idea. Sure having a baby getting a divorce getting married. Our agents would be able to walk through if you had a question about what do I qualify. They'd be able to walk you through that. There are some some tiny state variations here and there so but those are in broad strokes you know anything that's going to change. Your access to coverage or who you're covering is typically going to be a qualifying event. Excellent. Well just curious just because I actually I don't know the answer to this one so this is for like if it was for me and I was trying to sign up for health insurance for me and my family my husband for example. But if I had employees. Is this a portal that is this a partnership that I can take advantage of or would I just need to reach out essentially go a different route. Yeah you sure could. We don't have the small group quoting in here you would want to call the 800 number and we would be able to help with that. And the other things a lot of employers are doing is setting up a health reimbursement arrangement where just like your buying your health insurance right now and the employers helping subsidize and employer can subsidize these individual plans on a pre tax basis. Through a cafeteria plan a health reimbursement arrangement and we can help set those up for you as well. Awesome. Perfect. Lots of very good options. Yeah. What your situation is or how far you're in your business there's still an option for you as well. Awesome. Our goal Jenny was to create a platform that is you know all 50 states so having the largest geographic footprint we could. But also a very large budgetary footprint if you will so you know from those who can't afford a whole lot to those that don't really care what it costs they went the richest plan available. We try and help find you the right package that's going to be in that range for for what you're looking for. I love it. Now how can students get to this website, Josh? Well throw it in the description of the episode for them too. Yeah. It is I SSA dot all state health dot com. And so if they go to that site. That'll start you on this page and then you can select health then o vision if you just want to jump straight to those or or if you're over 65 going that route the 800 numbers there there's a little bit of kind of. Instructions on stuff and how it works some descriptions like we just talked about of what are these types of insurance that may be available. All of that's available right here on the website. Perfect. Thank you and again check the description of this episode guys. We will throw it in there but it should be on the screen right now if you want to jot that down or head on over there as well to take a look Josh I got one last question for you now. What are some of us you've been in this for a while now what are some of the stakes with that people make with either selecting health insurance or utilizing their coverage. Yeah, the biggest mistake is waiting to have an event right by helping sure it's you can't sign up in the emergency room unfortunately. So make sure you come I I assure you there's a lot of affordable very good options that are here but I would say the biggest mistake is is trying to navigate this on your own journey like we talked about you really want someone who. Is an expert that understands your area the plans that are available you know these different carriers that we have. They have different networks and so if you've got a specific hospital that you want to go to all that's available on the website by the way so if I if I want to go to the plan details I can I can dive a lot deeper into. The plan and I can look at their brochure and with a lot of them in the brochure or in the just the detail information we have a link to their network so you want to make sure your doctors are covered you want to make sure. You know the hospital systems that you would want to have access to or covered under that network and those are things that our agents can help walk you through but I think that would be the biggest. Mistake you could make you any is paying all of these hundreds of dollars in premium and then the time you finally need it you don't have the coverage you thought you had or you can't go to the doctor hospital you thought you put and so don't be don't be confused by don't let the the you know. The the jargon and the different stuff there of scare you away from taking a look under the hood making sure you're covered you might get on the phone with one of our agents and say this is what currently have. And they say you know what that's what you need you're in a great place don't do anything. They may say you know what I think based on your situation we you might want to go with this combination and putting together. You know a little bit higher deductible to reduce your medical premium putting in accident critical illness dental vision you're actually going to get a lot more benefit and bang for your buck. And so I don't like sending premium to insurance companies I would rather keep as much of that money on my own and then just let the insurance companies cover the stuff I can't cover. And so we we walk you through that you know if you have preexisting conditions and need to take expensive medications. And so we can talk to us because there's a you know your premiums might be a little bit higher but some of those drugs if you're not covered under the right. Plank and cost you know a thousand dollars a month and so we can help make sure you're on the right plan for you. I love that super smart like do the legwork and understand it up front so that when you need it you're not like trying to read the packet or understand or to your point finding out that what you need is not covered. Most people spend much more time researching a car than they would their insurance and you know a lot of times the insurance premiums much higher than their car. But we we want to kind of demystify that we want to take the confusion we're so thankful for the partnership with I. Is saying, caring enough about their members and their graduates to partner with all states so that we can help bring so education out there it's really good for all of us you know if people are using the system correctly if they're not you know bombarding the emergency room for things that aren't emergencies like it helps bring all of our premiums down when we're all using the systems correctly. I'm really grateful for the great here here and again I love that you guys have vision and then till I actually just got my eyes checked left there you go you're looking good. Thank you. But yeah, so a great opportunity and we're super glad to have you guys on board definitely check this out you guys really great resource by the way who are put together this website. It is on point really functional really easy to use and navigate so definitely check it out you guys. We watch this share it with a friend especially if you have a friend that doesn't have insurance a send this their way. But we're super glad you guys are here let us know what questions you guys have and we happy to pass them along to Mr. Josh for you guys as well or just call in they can help you as well. Thanks for being here guys and we'll be talking to you soon.

=== FILE: ISSA Talk w⧸Robert Linkul： Bone Density Training and Rucking for Clients of All Ages [CYb_CIFt_I4].txt ===

Welcome back everyone for another ISSA talk. I am Jenny Leiball and I am super excited to have a return guest who always has so much great information. Very much research-based was absolutely love about our guest. Welcome back Mr. Robert Leiball. How are you? I'm doing great. How are you? Thanks for having me back. Absolutely. So I love connecting with you because you always have again your very research-based mostly because of the affiliations that you have and just the way your brain works. Obviously you guys can see behind him the other is a training space he works with training. He is training the older adult that is his company. He's been licensing out that brand and what he does to other people as well. So I'd love to hear in the beginning here tell everybody a little bit about that as well. But I just want to call one thing out of you guys as I'm talking to Robert today. We're going to be talking about bone density training and rocking specifically. And he has some really great research about some of the things that he's going to bring up. He did send me some screenshots of that research and just some information. So at the end of the episode we're going to put those up on the screen for a few seconds. You can always pause it and grab the information. So keep an eye out at the end of the episode for more on the research. All right. But Robert as we dive into this today for people who might not be familiar with you, tell us a little bit about yourself, your backstory and TLA. Yeah. Real quick, as I do want to make sure we get into all this good stuff. So my wife, Keegan and I run TLA training the older adult.com here in Schengel Springs, California just outside Sacramento. And we're kind of a half and a half business, half trainer education, the other half client training. And they work really well together because this is kind of the beta testing environment here where I get to bring all my clients in, take them through a eight-week training program. We pre-imposed tests and kind of assess how the programming goes. And then if that works well, then we send that out to all of our other TLA affiliates and our junior affiliates and our mentees. Everybody else that we work with as this is a proven program that has worked well. And we kind of continue that cycle as we go. So we give them workouts. We give them mentoring, coaching, business practices, health, troubleshooting clients, whatever they need across the board. And then clients in house, I've got about 60 clients that they work with here either in studio or online or both. So I get a really good opportunity to work with all kinds of aging bodies, different limitations, injuries, clients that are going through treatment or different diseases and figure out how to build a program that accommodates them in their needs. And then I help deliver all that out to all of our people and all of our consumers on our YouTube channel and our Instagram and everything else. So always dish them out in information and always obsessing and researching and packets of content that I'm flipping through and reading all these articles and always trying to find the best way to do this and bring it to our people. Constant pursuit of the perfect program and does that exist? I don't know, but I'm in the search of attempting to find what always evolving. So that's that's us. I love it. So guys, if you're interested, definitely check out the YouTube channel. Because when Robert says he's an educator, he's absolutely an educator and he puts out a ton of free content on his YouTube channel. So check the description of the episode. I have the way that you can get to his YouTube channel. I have the link right there for you guys. I have the link for his training, the older adult website. So if you want to find out more about the training that he does for TLA and how it licensed it, if you're interested and then also the education that he provides. Obviously, I have to say, is an education institution but there's tons out there and if you want to learn from people like Robert, who's through the link in the description saying, can. But without further ado, Robert, let's get into it. Let's do it. I think probably the most important thing that I would like to share with this is the specific focus on aging populations. Let's just call it at 30 right now. Because we used to think of an older adult at 65 and then it became 50 when the ARP started sending out catalogs to 50 year olds and they're like, now you're old. You're like, wait, wait, wait, wait a minute. Really the research is kind of drifting into the early 30s for sarcopenia, the loss of muscle mass and function. So we're beyond after feet. You're getting to a point where you're actually losing your ability to do something. Walk, skip, jump, lift, carry, posture, and new name it. You're losing ability right around early ages of 30. If you're living, they're completely sedentary like. On the opposite of that is bone density. So we are seeing, especially the ladies, three to one, overmen, having bone density issues, osteopeenia early onset of bone density issues, leading into osteoporosis. And we're seeing that happen as early as 30 and this can become a nutritional component. This could be a sedentary component, a combo both. There are some links to hereditary components as well for both, but mostly for bone density. And so when we look at that, we're also seeing a combination of the two in these sedentary lifestyles leading to increases in cardiovascular disease. So VO2 health and VO2 capability is very low. On the opposite of that, basically, lens towards additional adipest issue or body fat. So we have obesity components. So you have osteopeenia, you have sarcopenia, and you have obesity. So osteo sarcopesity, right, are kind of the big three concerns that we have right around the early ages of 30. And again, more for females than that early onset. And as we continue to age, if we don't do anything about this, we're going to start to see some pretty severe issues. Start to kick in probably around 50, where postural be very poor health concerns and rest will be very high. And abilities are going to be rather restricted. By the time you get to 60, you're going to be the deconditioned 90 year old, right, at 60. And so we're living longer, but we're aging quicker is a way that I would say that, unless you're doing something about it. So we get a lot of clients to come in and they go, well, I don't really like to lift weights, but I know that I should. And you know, I just want to play golf and I play tennis in this and that. And so it's like, all right, you've got all these things that you can do that don't really participate or utilize additional load or progressive overload, which we know we need for all three of those. So where is there a happy medium? And that's why I brought this topic to you. And I said, hey, I want to get on and talk about this because I just don't think a lot of people know about it. And when we concern ourselves primarily with bone density health, you need additional load. It's some type of outside load to assist in that. Anybody in everybody that is capable of walking into a weight room is capable of walking. So if we put load on you while you walk, you can increase bone density. You can with a couple, with a couple of research articles that I'll show you from the military all the way through pre-metapausal women, you can increase bone density and hang on to and or build muscle mass. And at the same time, increase your VO2 mass. And if you're nutritionally handling things like you should in the kitchen, we're going to see increases in mass, lean muscle mass, bone density decreases in body fat and increase in cardiovascular health. So we're kind of checking all four boxes by doing one thing. Now does that mean that that's all you need to do? No, but if this is an introduction to your body's first step to additional overload training, then that's great. And so we call this rocking. And a lot of people don't really know what it is or if they hear rocking, they think of a rock sack and so you think of like bear grills, the military, you know, British, you know, the rock sack, right? And that's kind of the idea. And that's it's a military inspired strategy for for training. Now I don't know the whole story, but I know that the business, the company Go Rock has kind of spearheaded this whole thing. And they come from the owners and such, come from a military background. And in the military, they've got this tight community in this group and their own language and their own styles of training and all this. And so once a lot of them kind of cycleed through the military and they were done, they wanted to continue to train and be together and do this. And so Go Rock came about. And Go Rock, they create rocks, axe, backpacks and then they got into footwear and they got and everything else you might need to go out and rock safely and efficiently. Really all you need is backpack, okay? And you can get all the fancy stuff later. But what you really need in the beginning is just the backpack. So go grab your Jansport backpack and throw all your schoolbooks out of there. And then you can get, you know, a couple of beach towels and a five pound or a 10 pound plate and wrap it up in there, pack it in nice and tight and then put it up as high on your back as you can. Ideally, you would have a little hip support belt that goes around to you. So a lot of the good, you know, single day, you know, like two to five liter packs that you could wear on a overnight or any of those, they're all going to come with some type of hip support and harness that comes on. And that's great, right? You've got your shoulder straps, you'll click in the middle and then you've got the one that goes round your waist. So now we're kind of distributing the load everywhere across your body. And the more surface area in contact with hip support, you get the less stress on your back. So you go for a walk, a mile or 10 minutes at each direction and come back, start off real simple, really light. Five to ten pounds. Get out there, give it a shot. And come back and see how your body feels. And ideally, if you are walking on a regular basis and you add this a little bit overload, here's what's going to happen. Okay, five pounds that you put in this backpack with every step. That's five, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30. Right? And you take this mile walk and come back and you just move 4,000, 5,000 pounds. But you did it five pounds of a step and you only moved it this far but that's fine that you're still moving load. And you're going to experience that load via axial loading over the shoulders, over the hip. So you're spine, shoulders, your hips, your femurs, your leg all the way down to your feet are all going to experience some type of overload that is not normal. And you just took steps, steps, steps, steps, so they're all going to respond. You're going to be able to push yourself ideally, we call it hillseeking. So you will find some hills to go up and walk up and down and you'll get a cardiovascular health from that. And then at some point, if you start to either carry weights or you use sticks, right? Hiking sticks when you go, you can incorporate your upper body. And you'll start to experience a full body resistance training granted lighter weight but it is a good introduction to this that allows you to feel safe and stable. Basically you're walking, you have sticks in hands so that it helps you with balance. If you're older, if you're not great at this yet or if you're on uneven terrains or your on hills and your in a DG or dirt hill or paths or grass or whatever you're on, you've got some additional support to assist you and not falling down. So now we're addressing all of our primary concerns from our bone health, to our muscular health, to our cardiovascular health. And we're getting outside and we can go with other people this can be social, this can be a cognitive engagement. All of this is kind of working at like a zone two. If you know your zones, your one through five zones, your zone two is that zone where you can still have a conversation with people about it's a little challenging to keep your air, but you're not gastro like, you can't get anything out but you're also not able to talk like we're talking right now. There's that one little level up and that's usually where you can kind of go, all right, this is zone two, we can talk, we can engage, we can reap the benefits of everything we just talked about and all I'm doing is going out for a walk with a backpack on, right? Do that, see if you like it. And if you do, then you can get into, well let's get the right footwear and let me get the right backpack that that fits me and it's size to fit on me and all this and then you can go from there. But I think it's a great way to start off and if you don't want to wear a backpack, you could wear a vest, a lot of people wear a weighted vest and there's a lot of different companies out there from TRX to Hyper-Ware to perform better everybody, almost everybody has a vest these days that you can get and if you have any lower back or the T-Brol issues and the axial loading is really challenging, a lot of people will also think well maybe this isn't for me, I can't put a lot of load on my back. Again, we're talking about very light loads and we're talking about distributing it about your body. So yeah, you'll have some axial loading but that's where the hip supports will come in and give you some pretty good benefit. So I think that's probably where I'd like and I was a long intro of introducing the idea of rocking and I would love to hear your thoughts on it if you've done it or if you've had any experiences with it and then we know a little bit deeper into the research and kind of see what some of the experiences from our military to our premonopoles of women going through studies and then just some of our outdoor experience folks what they're experienced with this because there are some common concerns and some thoughts about it but what are your thoughts and what do you think of you tried this or done this and what are your experiences better? Yes, okay so I do have some questions and I think I'm a person they have a quiet or trainer my house and questions about this too. I have done a little bit of rucking I didn't call it that I just had like my weighted vest because I did buy a weighted vest server I bought it on Amazon and it wasn't very expensive and it went from like zero pounds I unweighted it as little sleeves like little tiny sleeves that you put into like the little holes around it and it goes up to 20 pounds I've never put more than 10 pounds in it for anything but I think the important distinction that you made is you could start with a backpack but to put it as high-up as possible because of course we all know or work with kittens right at some point and they all wear their backpack so low and then they're backs her and their knees her and their hips are and I'm like oh my god well a lot of it's because their bag is hanging so low and it's like pulling them back so that's a very important distinction how to wear a traditional backpack until you get one that has the correct support but I have a question for you if somebody's using an old weighted vest right even if it's just whether it's one from like a danceier place or just a Amazon one like I have those do the weights do set a little bit lower should they just make sure the vest is like on as securely as possible yeah that's that's a little tricky so so number one the the first concern we have especially with women wearing a vest is are you gonna be comfortable and there are plate carrier vest where you literally have an iron plate or some type of cast iron plate that sits on you now if you've had any kind of augmentation and surgeries or if you know if you're just more developed that's uncomfortable and I totally get it and so then they started to make plates that have curvatures in this and that then they started to develop vest that didn't have the weights above the chest they hadn't below and I think that's probably one of the better options to pursue hyper wear makes the best one that I have seen but does that where all the weights are sub-stern and so they wrap around your belly and then they have if you put it on like like a vest and you zip it up and then there are cinch ties on the side so you can cinch it up tighter right there's small medium large but you can make it from you know six inches loose or to six inches tighter on each vest now you do want to tight like you said but you don't want to so tight that it restricts your breathing and so that's where if you have a plate that like sits on your chest and you're having a puffing going up a hill you'll see a lot of people like loosen them up while they climb and then once they get over the top and they're not having a puffing anymore they'll cinch them back up again and that's okay like that's the beauty of the vest and adjustable vest but also with the rocks you'll see people adjusting their rock all the time you'll have times especially if you're doing like a little bit heavier one you'll loosen the shoulder straps but tighten the hips supports so more of the weights sits on your hips and you'll carry like that for maybe 30 minutes or 40 minutes and then you'll reverse it you'll loosen the hips and cinch up the shoulders and tighten up and so you can kind of switch and transition back and forth as you start to experience fatigue you can do similar with the vest where you can cinch it up real tight around the ribs maybe take a little more like a hugging posture to distribute the load but then as you start to fatigue a little bit you want to take a break loosen that up let your shoulders take the load if you're going to go more than 45 minutes to an hour we suggest people get backpacks or rocks we think that's a much better product to wear for that where the vest will get you to about 45 minutes or an hour before your trap start to feel a lot of pressure and they're more or less designed for a workout than they are for you to wear for hours on end so I'm going to do you know a bodyweight workout or even a resistance training workout and I just want to make my challenge of the workout a little harder I'm going to throw an extra 10 pounds on me while I do everything that was kind of the original design of the vest then people go okay well I like rocking well I have that vest and they start kind of making the connections totally fine totally doable majority of my clients have that pro hyper hyper wear vest and it's $79 I think and it's a great investment and they're like you were saying they're a little plastic sand bags are little little cubes that you can pull out put back in and make it whatever you want they're like a half pound each so you go I'm going to start with three pounds and in two weeks go to five pounds and two weeks go to seven pounds and you can make your adjustment as you go send jump as tight as you want zip up zip down if it's hot of its cool and it basically looks like like a spandex mask that you're wearing you no one even know it's not like what's that lady doing with a bullet per vest on like it's not it doesn't look like you know those now there's nothing wrong with those those little coolest I've got two of them like my wife has one we love them you know it's got all the acronyms all the stuff on it we've got some that are dedicated to our buddies that served in there in the military and I love that but I also have clients are like I don't I don't want to have people ask me if I'm in the military while I'm walking around which my rock is camouflage and everywhere I take it with this hairdo and this beard everyone's like are you special ops I'm like no I love you guys and I support you to the umpeceteat degree I've so much respect for a military but no I that's not me and it's it's a community that you'll see of rockers like when you see each other we've got a couple people on our neighborhood and you'll see a runner and they're like hey but when you see a rocker it's like hey man like we know something that nobody else knows like we're our own group you know it's actually really cool and uh go rock plus another couple other companies there's rocking challenges there's go rock yourself there's a couple other ones that are really fun and they have these huge communities of gatherings where it's like every Saturday they meet at the high school and they all go on a rock together or they all do workouts together really really fun it's all about community and it's as simple as if you can walk you can rock you know and and any ages across the board there's great value to that emotionally and physically as we kind of talked about but it's so simple and once you kind of have the basics of your gear there's no membership there's no you know oh I gotta keep buying more stuff like once you have the basics good footwear you got your rock ahead lamp if you're gonna go out you know when it's dark and and then water bottle you know reflective vests you're good to go you know by new shoes every year that's about it the weights are always gonna lay the same and you can go wherever you want I've got routes planned all over my neighborhood like if I have 90 minutes if I have two hours if I have 45 minutes I've route it you know I've got routes you know where do I want more hills I'm gonna carry a little more weight today a little less I'm gonna go for speed I'm gonna go for climbing you know you can create all kinds of different styles of training out of it I know I'm jumping the gun and so based on the routes part what if you I'm indoor for city so I've wrecked a couple of times I have had do I enjoy it I don't enjoy the outside let's just put it that way I don't like bugs and I'm not a fan of it so if somebody wanted to do it indoors because they use like a stair mill a treadmill on in-cline like what are some options for someone who's indoors maybe the weather doesn't permit them being outside yeah yeah a lot of people will ask to like well I don't live in the city I live out in the you know I live in a city and I rock like some of the biggest rocking groups of cargo in New York like they're in the cities and there'll be thousands of them that all get together and they walk around the city together but even if you don't want to go like outside you can rock on a treadmill if I'm on a business trip or whatnot my work backpack is a backup rock and so it looks like a regular backpack but on the inside it has a plate carrier and a carrier wrap behind that from my laptop to go into and so I can take that with me find a couple of plates in the you know the Mary-Out weight room for a couple of dumbbells in there or later whatnot and then hop on the treadmill and away we go I prefer people to get the value in the benefit of being outside the sun exposure you know here in the birds in the trip but if you're a New York city and you got to stop every other block to wait for the stop lights let's you go yeah I get hop on the treadmill get your workout in you can do the stair mill I think the stair mill is a great where you're literally picking your feet up as opposed to the stair stepper's where you're just pumping your feet in place and I think more damage occurs from those than good and the elliptical is kind of the same thing this is just my opinion I don't know if there's a ton of research to support this I read one research article that basically suggested unless you're five seven to five nine and unless your legs are 39 inches long or whatever it was then the elliptical is not designed for you and so I do said that because I am six feet tall rubber and when I get out of an elliptical every time every time they get tight and then I have to stop and like do hip circles to pop that just because it's I tried to explain this to my mom who's also pretty tall she's five ten and a half I was like do not with your artificial need get out of an elliptical because if you think about it it's this your feet are in place yes you can move in the foot pedal but there's only so many inches left right forward back that you can move and so it's a set range of motion and women especially have wider hips and it varies by the person so you can't tell me that the foot pedals I'm an elliptical are the right with for every human being because they are not so my hips are like crazy when it's a little too fast there's there's a lot of the download in that because you're a hundred percent right if you're over five ten then you're going to be taking these little you know these little awkward steps that are under your regular stride length and if you're shorter than five seven then you're taking these huge striding lengths and you're overstriding and so yeah the shorter people their backs are probably going to hurt us taller people I'm six four so I'm my hips hurt when I do it and when was the last time you watched somebody walk that didn't put like their feet are stuck in this perfect rail road like we walk or run our feet swing in towards our midline so the machine can't do that so now you're like forcing your feet to turn out which internally rotates your hips and causes more uncomfortable that's in damage to that and then yeah you're right you can't put your feet where you want to when you there's no striking of them on the ground so maybe I like to turn my feet out or in I guess you get a just that on the machine but the best one that I've seen is the sidebex arc trainer and that one kind of allows yeah there's a freedom to it where you can move it into some different positions but I'd rather you just walk on a treadmill you know I think that's so much better especially if you've had a joint replacement allow your feet to land where they want to land and if you're gonna get on a treadmill any woodway treadmill is definitely preferred the woodway treadmill is a herd of the bomb yeah and you know yeah you want at least a 1% in decline and then typically I would say whatever you're actually walking at let's say you're a pace you're a regular walking pace is like three miles an hour whatever the treadmill is gonna be it's gonna be a little slow so you you'd actually want to walk it like 0.2 more than what you might be clocked at regularly because you have to wait for the belt right the belt has to be turned underneath you that's the beauty of the woodway treadmills is you're the one turning that there's there's no motor right the feeds it so is it more work and does it take time to get used to it yeah but it's it's a way better product in my opinion so yeah if you're gonna do something more about that's and that's awesome right so like that's I think if you're gonna be indoors and doing that absolutely I think it's a great it's a great thing and it's just keep in mind that that analogy I gave you of the 1020 30 40 pounds right with the 10 on like how quickly that can add up and value so you're like well I only did it with five pounds yeah but you move like 567,000 pounds while you did that three mile walk that's amazing right that's awesome work that your body is not used to doing it's going to respond to that if your outdoors or on a treadmill or on a stair mill it's gonna respond so this is a very inexpensive way to check a lot of boxes of what we're trying to pursue especially for females especially when you're younger but for anybody with bone density issues across the board I just don't know of a lot of people know about it or if enough people feel comfortable implementing it so that kind of leads you said you had another question did you have one more before? Well I was gonna say let's start with a basic client how would we say talk to them about this potentially how to understand the benefits and get them gold? Yeah the the the introduction of rocking can be tricky and the reason I say that way is some of the resources you'll find online say start with 5% of your body weight or start with 10% of your body weight and don't go more than 30% or ladies should be 20 pounds or under guys should be 20 pounds or over like there's a lot of just numbers that people kind of throw out there I'm a fan no matter what who you are how tall you are, unexperienced isn't if you're going to start rocking for the first time you don't know what your body is going to be like and I'll give you this example I've got a client big strong muscular guy played football he's you know 255 he's just studying trains with me three days a week can handle any weight workout I throw out him I invite him to come up and rock with me and we're going out on a five mile loop two and a half out two back he does uh elk hunting all the time so he's used to distance and all this and he goes I'm gonna take 65 pounds and I'm like whoa like why don't you take like 30 I'm only taking 30 I do this all the time I got this I got this 15 minutes in we're dropping plates on the side of the trail to pick up on the way back because he's just way too heavy you don't take into account 65 130 190 whatever that you know it's like you know it's like you know it's like you know it's like 10 steps in you're at a thousand pounds that you moved already it's like due to it's way too much right it's way too much so start really really light start with three or five pounds and go for a mile walk or a 10 mile out and a 10 excuse me a 10 minute out and a 10 minute back because that's the average person walks a mile about 20 minutes so if you like I don't walk I don't do anything but I want to start doing this just go out for a walk walk away from your house 10 minutes walk back 10 minutes okay that's gonna give you a bottom mile if you're just kind of moving out of decent clip if it's lesser more I don't care just do 10 minutes out 10 minutes back and do that two to three days a week for a couple of weeks let's let's say two weeks just get used to go on and walks every other day and then you get to add three or five pounds do a backpack or a vest and do it again and in some cases you'll get out and you'd be like damn I'm tired right this was hard good thing I only brought three pounds and not 10 because then you're dropping out weights on the side of the trail and you're driving back to get them later okay so just take three pounds right go out and come back I have some clients that do like a two or three mile loop and so they'll go out of mile come back drop off their vest and go do the rest of the walk with just their body weight even better right like that's a good way to kind of introduce it and then slowly kind of get a little more a little more a little more until you're doing two or three miles of what you normally do but you're wearing the vest the whole time and then you can bump it to five pounds and then maybe ten pounds and if you get to like ten or fifteen pounds I'm happy you know I think that's great I think that's a phenomenal load to be able to carry over and over and over again will you go heavier and could there be days yeah but I'm talking like months if not a year down the line where you might want to do more now if you have something that you want to train for like a backpacking trip or something yeah you're going to have to carry you know I took 65 pounds up rainier with me when I climbed it and it's like you're going to have to train for some heavy overload but that's not what we're talking about here I just want to introduce a little extra load to you on regular basis and now I'll get all these responses bones muscles cardio foot contacts coordination balance cognition outside sun exposure vitamin D all these great things all this is going to come from me just going for a walk every day and adding a vest or a backpack onto my regular practices so if you're doing that two or three days a week and then you start to introduce just the most basic resistance training program on the other days even if it's just a little selectorized machines right I'm going to chest press and I'm going to row and I'm going to do some pull down and do some over head press and then I'll do quad extensions leg curls in the leg press okay so seven exercises and you do three sets of 10 on each one it takes you 20 minutes I would be you number one you'll see massive change in your abilities massive change and you do that for three to six months you'll see if physical logical change right as long as you're your nutritional habits don't change much right you're either eating to your your nutritional demands every day if you burn 2,000 you're eating 2,000 and then we do everything we're talking about you're going to lose some really good body fat you're going to increase bone density you're going to gain some muscles and you're going to start seeing your abs and seeing little cuts in your arms and your shoulders and you're all in the sudden hey man I got some muscles here this can happen in any age okay at any age as long as you're doing it right but what happens is we'll go out and be a little more physically active and what happens we get a little more hungry and so yeah I'm doing a little more and then you eat a little more and nothing really changes other than I'm getting stronger right and then your bone density etc but maybe we're not losing the belly fat that we want so that's where the balance act kind of comes in you're still going to need to find some type of caloric deficit but allow your exercise to do that rather than reducing the amount of food you eat just get the amount of food you're supposed to have every day and allow your exercise to be your 2,300 calories of burn and now we're winning across the board you get it stronger you're getting more dense you're getting a cardiovascular health for your heart and your lungs we're starting to lean out a little bit you rid of some of that body fat and we're having fun while we're doing it but really what are we talking about going for a walk every other day in 20 minutes of weight so let's say the 20 minutes of weight actually takes you 40 because you got to drive to the gym you got to drive back and then your walk takes you know 20 30 minutes out 20 30 minutes back let's call it an hour every day just let's just for fun call it an hour every day that you got to commit so now we're looking at 7 hours out of 168 that you have in the week 7 hours to have all these great benefits that we just talked about okay we need to talk about cognitive return for this okay cognitive return your body's ability to function in the bedroom your body's ability to perform better in sport right all of these things are going to come benefit if you've ever looked at the list of benefits of resistance training they're 30 bullet points deep okay there's a lot to improve there and so you're going to get all that with 7 hours out of 160 so you got 161 other hours to do whatever the hell you want let's say a third of that sleeping you still have what is that 112 out whatever right what it used to have a ton of hours to do whatever it is you want to do so when people go out on really have time to do this come on right especially if you're even close to retirement you've got time to put in 30 40 minutes every day to go for a walk and lift a couple of weights to have all this benefit there's definitely time you just need to present the people and arm them with this information so they go oh yeah this should be a priority we have clients to come and lift two three days a week I don't like it but they know how good it is form and then they see the benefits on the other end and they're like I'm in I'm in keep me I want three spots every week I'm not changing the thing they're like okay they've seen the return their investment now they're committed even though they don't like it yeah I think well that point is what is going to make two is that there's a lot of people out there clients out there that don't like lifting weights they don't want to go stay in the freeway section they don't want to use a machine they walk in and they say no to all of this right but this is just a fun interesting different way to get them to to do exercise and they're getting all these benefits whether or not they think about them we know that right so there's often going to be clients right right that we don't necessarily want to bore them more than with the details of what they're getting out of their training we just want them to be interested in it and engage and want to do it consistently so whether it's outside inside but again getting outside like you said for some people if you just told them hey put this on it's got five pounds in it and we're going to go for a walk most people most people wouldn't fight you on it you'd be like straight this is what we're doing and then maybe they only train like two or three days a week instead of five or six days we're doing something that they despise so I really had that aspect of it because there are so many clients out there who don't want to be in the weight room yeah and I didn't get that you know there's there's resistance to it for many reasons that it's intimidating or they just feel uncomfortable or like they don't belong here and even if you find a gym where it is all women or all men or all bodybuilders or all 65 and older whatnot you may still just feel intimidated like you don't know what to do what everybody knows how to walk right and everybody can get their own kit of everything we just talked about and they can start with this and this can be a very non-intimidating very simple very easy way to introduce some resistance to your life good resistance right and start to reap some benefits from that and I think most people will go on these rocks and they'll come back and go this was really fun in terms of I feel challenge and I get this in doorfin rush and then you say take off the vest or the rock and they go oh shit I forgot I had it on and we call that unconscious load okay and this happens almost so Tuesdays in house here all of our clients wear vest when they train they all come in on most of them come in a Monday so when they come back the back our second strength our second day back the back it's a almost bodyweight workout but with the best time and so we break out all the best most of our clients have their own they bring them in they call them their boyfriend so they bring their boyfriend's they throw on their vest we do the work out and at the end I go okay before we do the finish or go ahead and take your best off and you see them go oh yeah they almost every single time they do that they kind of forget that they're wearing it right and so that's showing us that their body is getting used to this load this overload but it also shows that it's gonna it's gonna it's gonna turn unconscious for them when they're not gonna have to think about this is so heavy this is so heavy like you're gonna get going and you're gonna think man I can feel this this is this is something and then you guys will start talking or you'll start looking around or you'll start investing whatever you're listening to if you're on a treadmill or watching or whatnot and you kind of forget about it but the benefit of carrying the load is still occurring and then when you get down you're like oh yeah I'm gonna take this off and you feel light as a feather and you get that little endorphin high and almost like a lifters high and a runners high kind of mix together right so we introduce you to that and you're like see off on this one you can get an even better feeling of this if you come and lift with me now let's just find you a way that you'd like to lift and some people want a set of adjustable dumbbells like some power blocks right and they'll just use those and they're like I want to have my spot in my routine cool others want to have a set of kettlebells in their own space others want to have a whole gym with all their own selectorized stuff there's all kinds of different variations of resistance training in a class semi private one on one at home online in person there's there's there's gonna be some way to connect the folks and a lot of our clients will say well we we like to do it in like a competitive or a fun environment where it doesn't feel like we're lifting necessarily more like we're competing cool we have workouts to do that too you know in different styles that encourage that so there's a lot of different ways to introduce resistance happy resistance in your life where it's not gonna be seen as this negative poor thing and maybe rucking could be that first step that kind of disarms them to the idea of I don't want to I don't want to lift weights I'm not gonna do that or they can certainly they're gonna get hurt because you could be like came in we could go do all these machines and you'll move like 2,000 pounds but the rock you just did move three times that like you're not gonna get hurt okay your body can obviously handle it right moving loads moving load right if I deliver a thousand bricks to you outside you have to move each one or one one thousand pound brick either way we move the same load it's just a bite at a time right your body's still gonna be able to reap the benefits from this we're just gonna gradually transition it's like let's do a little heavier and a little more the further we go with that the greater the bone density return the greater the muscular return etc it'll all just start to add up and we'll get to a point where you're like hey I'm 55 and I could pick you know 607080 pounds up off the ground and I can carry 3040 pounds in each hand and I can go up and down stairs and I can get up and down off the floor and I can push pull and press a pretty you know decent amount of weight and every direction kind of ready for whatever life frozen you know doesn't need to be more in that and I think that's another thing and maybe deter's people is like well I have to constantly pursue the next way you don't you can get to a point where you're like I'm strong and let's just not go backwards yeah let's have fun yeah absolutely was there any other research you want to highlight on yeah yeah so this is a fun one I'm just kind of looking at my notes here and this we got this from Go Rock and I mentioned it to you right before we we came on so one of the questions that comes up is how is this gonna if I'm doing cardio how am I gonna not lose muscle mass in the act of doing this because there is a common misconception but it's it's not maybe terribly a misconception because it is very difficult to cut body fat in build muscle mass that's why the elite of the elite body builders and such even when they're cutting for a show they're still losing some muscle mass right that's why they bulk and they get really really big and so when they cut a little bit they still look fantastic but they're not as big as they were three months ago right and so it's it's a really challenging thing to do so if we're gonna introduce this form of cardio how can we not lose muscle mass at the same time and so this kind of came about they had a group of individuals that went out on a 12 day rock back country hunting and rucking they were gone for 12 days there were 30 plus people every day they rocked between eight and 10 miles a day and they assessed everyone when they left when they all came back on average the group was down 14% on body fat they were increased 8% on VO2 max and they decreased their bad cholesterol by 28% all while losing 0.1% of lean muscle mass so they didn't lose any muscle mass okay they improved their heart they lost body fat and they reduced their bad cholesterol all while being out there the whole time right now granted they're they're rucking more than the average person's gonna rock on a mile walk but the point is they can work at an intensity where they're not gonna lose muscle mass but still reap the benefits of everything else that we've we've kind of addressed because of the intensity rate in the additional load you're not sprinting right you're not working at a higher than a level two or a zone two and you're carrying some additional load so it's kind of the best of both worlds yeah you're using your muscles exactly and especially if you're using sticks which a lot of people feel like that's a that means I'm not good at this or that I'm a fall risk or they feel like if you're using sticks it's somehow seen as a notch down and it really isn't but I was going through getting my master's degree um or my undergrad at tax date I was one of the athletes in the class and so anytime we had to do one of the tests were one of the the assessments I got volunteered to do it so I got to do a VO2 max test the Bruce protocol test and a VO2 at the same time and so I get on the treadmill and it's like every two minutes it goes up one mile per hour and two percent in climb and I'm harnessed and you go and you go in like 15 18 20 minutes you're like you sprinting and then you just fly off the machine and once you're just like I can't do it anymore and you're swinging from this thing behind you're done and so you literally go to failure okay so I did that and I made it for like 16 minutes or whatever my time was and they gave me a VO2 max and then the next week when I came back we did it again this time on a wider treadmill and I got to use the sticks and what I found was I could work at a higher intensity because I was using more of my body earlier I used my thumbs up earlier in the in the test I actually had a higher push on my VO2 because I was now recruiting my arms I had more muscular involvement now did I burn out earlier yeah I only made it to like 12 and a half or 14 minutes but it's because I was using more of my muscular my heart was having a more blood to be able to feed it all point is when you're using your arms and you're out hiking walking it's harder you're using more muscles you're engaging more so that's not a bad thing like that's that's what we want I'd rather you be able to go out and rock and train your entire body rather than why did everything except my arms right and now my I got these big thighs and I've got this awesome butt and these great big shoulders and no arms right little chicken arms so yeah you can do something called extremity loading where you either hold weights or strap you know two or three pound weights no more than three pounds on your arms while you're out doing your rocks and now you've got some upper body engagement while you do it you could also do ankle weights some clients will do ankle weights mind you if you've had a knee or a hip replacement I don't advise that okay but if you if you have all your original joints then you could do two three maybe four pounds on your ankles and have some extremely loading there and it's just a way to make things a tiny bit harder and guess what my arms get tired what do I do with the weights I throw them in my backpack right and I keep going I've just got the same load on me right but I was able to train my upper body for the first half or you know the first mile or whatever I did so there's a lot of fun ways to introduce this and and implement it and kind of daily practice it doesn't cost a lot you got a lot of great return it's a lot of fun there's there's not a lot of negatives that pack up to this I just wanted to get an opportunity to share it and and expose everybody to it so they have an idea of how to implement it in with their clients introduce it to them you know kind of a selling discussion on here's all the great value that can come from this and if they're already out doing regular walks let's just talk about adding a little load and you're only going to get more benefit out of that other research kind of looked at long-term exposure for women going through menopause and being able to either maintain bone loss if not increase it and they followed them over a 32 let me bring this one up real quick a 32 week three times a week for 32 weeks they went out on walks wearing their weighted vest and by the end individuals had either maintained these were all folks over average age 64 as high as 72 and as low as 62 somewhere around in there or 58 and yeah average age 64 trained for 32 weeks nobody lost any muscle mass or any muscle mass knowing decreased in bone density they all improved either in muscle mass or maintain the same their bone density either maintain stay the same or slightly increased over those 32 weeks they all reported under self assessment improvement and mood and and smooth swings in temperature regulation across the board because they were exercising on regular daily basis and majority of the women chose to participate in the extended program that lasted another five years so not only did the 32 weeks go so well they all volunteered the majority of them all volunteered to keep going over the five year assessment and and just continue to see how how valuable it was for them to wear their weighted vest on their daily walks so and then that led all the way over into the military and looking at the military their bone density muscle mass across the board military will have like three standard ruck weights there's a i'm gonna get this wrong but something like a 50 pounder 90 pounder and like 130 pound kit that they have to be able to carry and do certain distances at certain times and so if you have a light one you have to be able to go six miles in three hours or something like that and each one has kind of a standard and so they look at those individuals same thing of that original only talked about nobody lost muscle mass they either maintained or increased bone density huge increases in cardiovascular health all their VO2 maxes went through the roof and they decrease their bad cholesterol decrease their adeptist ubody fat across the board like these were all winds and and so concerns just to kind of wrap this here concerns that you you can't have is doing too much too soon and if you have a bad lower back or hip issues or a niraptcy in your feet or any kind of foot Achilles tendonitis anything like that planar fascia is the additional load can be aggravating so you definitely want to introduce this slowly okay and and then you also want to take in the content into into consideration the shoes that you're wearing in the amount of brown contacts that you're going to have if the average person can cover 5,280 feet you know two and a half feet per stride so you're looking at like 18, 100 to 2200 steps right somewhere around in there to get to a mile if I did my math right there 1500, 1800 steps something around there that's a lot of foot contacts is my point and you want to make sure your feet are contacting the ground properly the shoes that you're wearing are cross trainers or hiking shoes or something along those lines and they're geared towards being able to go forward or multiple direction ankle support with additional load you don't want to wear your tennis shoes is my point you don't want to wear clogs and go you know like you need to wear good supportive athletic shoes when you're going to do this and understand the demands that you're placing on your body when you do it so you don't have any of the negative returns on the other end right blisters you know that kind of stuff anything you would have from if you went from nothing to old bunch of something so a lot to take in a lot to take in with Rocky but I think there's really great value to have there and I'm just happy we got the chance to sit down and talk about it absolutely so I'm looking forward to sharing the research with everyone that feel like a lot of our viewers are also research minded and it's nice to have the research to back up to share with clients too because a lot of our clients are going to be research minded but a lot of it is going to be anecdotal evidence when they get out there and they try it and they see the benefits and they're like oh this is nothing life is easy but this is simple right I can do this or I will do this consistently I think it's lights out because to your point there's tons of benefits to it and it's just a matter of getting them started so they can see the benefits and feel them from themselves yeah we are we are taking information benefit information and kind of assuming as we lump it all together that this is going to occur because there's only like five studies out there that have really looked at rocking three of them big time for the military the other two similar of what we just kind of talked about with backcountry and with the ladies there and some of those were wearing vest not even a heavier load and by the vest they're talking you know five to ten pounds it wasn't a ton of weight but enough to make a fairly significant difference so yeah I think as this becomes more common and more mainstream we're only going to get more and more research to support it but the little information we have now shows great results and great benefits of doing so very minimal risk and great social and cognitive components to go along with that that it would seem you know kind of silly for us not to educate and teach people about it but I can only see over the next five to ten fifteen years as people continue to this becomes more mainstream you're going to see people walking all over the neighborhood wearing vest and backpacks being like what's going on here it's already happening and so many different in city out of the city is et cetera you're already going to see this all over and as that continues to grow I think we'll just get more and more research really to kind of support that and back it up and you'll start seeing in universities and thesis and everything else as people start to see really great value in introducing this so yeah I think this is just the tip of the spear and as as the decades go we'll see more and more of this is a really good thing to invest in it's a low barrier entry and it's just such a great thing to incorporate on regular basis I think every thing lines up really well for people especially if they're aging this is such a good fit. Awesome very cool so guys stay play at the end of this we'll put up some of that research that Robert was talking about take some time to utilize the pause button so pause it and breathe some of it and then you can follow some of the leaks in the description of this episode to get to the research and also to get to Robert but thank you so much for coming to sharing this of this is been awesome. I pleasure my pleasure I have three other videos on my YouTube started to give a little plug here real quick but one is how to start rocking what equipment you would need and then another one that's just a basic explanation of what is it to like if I were talking to your mom or your dad so if anybody out there's like this could be great for my parent or if you want more information on how to get your clients to understand what we're talking about feel free to look at those videos they're all on there I don't have a subscription look there's this you can subscribe but I don't have like a money what they call it a financial wall right yeah you have to be for anything yeah yeah you guys can just pop on there and enjoy them and yeah there's there's one through five I did the most common questions on Rocky and I just want to get more information out there so feel free to check all that out and if anybody has any questions direct feel free to reach out to me Instagram Facebook you can message me on there I'm happy to help. So thank you for making yourself available as always. This has been super cool and we will see you again remember anyway I love chat with you. Yes YouTube so guys do the research check it out so glad you guys stopped by go back and re-lessing this get some again some tips and ways to talk to your clients about this that simplifies what we're talking about here in most clients don't want to be bored with the details so find a way to simply explain to them the benefits go check out those couple videos Robert has to offer about explaining this to clients as well and make good choices out there guys we'll see you soon. you you

=== FILE: ISSA Talk w⧸Robert Linkul： Starting and Growing a Successful Fitness Business [iD7wZF0PBaY].txt ===

Welcome back everyone for another ISSA talk. I'm so excited to have another guest back with us. Guys, so I'm going to tell you a little bit about Robert. Robert is somebody who is kind of living his dream like has his own business, but he guys, he's really, really smart. I think that's one of my favorite things about him. He's super in every 30 years. He does a lot of different organizations and a lot of different research and such. So I love that he keeps coming back, but he wants to come back and talk to you guys. We've talked about training older adults. We've talked about equipment. We've talked about a lot of the stuff he has behind him. We've talked about his family. We've talked about the way that he set up his business, but today we really want to take time and really dig into your business, Robert, because you have a very, very successful training fitness business. So I would love for you to share some of the perspectives and insights from building your business. But first and foremost, welcome back, Robert. Thank you. Thank you. I have to start. I'm going to tell you, it's really warm here in California. So I thought, I would break out. So I knew gear that I finally got in the mail. I'm so excited. I'm sitting here sweating wearing this too. I'm like, we got a bit of record so I could take this thing off. I was so happy to get this in the mail. So thank you. Thank you. I'll thank you. Very sweet of you. But I don't remember what you asked me, but thank you for having me here. I'm very excited to be here. I love talking business. We talked programming. We talked equipment. We talked about just training older pops. Let's talk business. Let's talk pandemic. Let's talk struggles. Let's talk successes. The last couple of years have been a little bit of all of that. And I've done a learning lesson and I love to share. So let's fire away. Love that. So first and foremost, I know you're going to break down how you started and how you got to the space that you're in now. But what made you want to start your own training business and not work for somebody else in the first place? So I had a pretty sweet gig. Like I was working at a country club in Sacramento. And when I first went there 2004, I was applying as like a front desk attendant that could have potentially become there's like a floor supervisor. They called it in an out of potential to be a trainer. And the athletic director, the fitness director came down and he's like, We don't really need anybody, but thanks for coming in. And I said, hey, we just hang onto my resume just in case. So he takes a look at it and he goes, oh, you got a canister degree from Sac State. He said, yeah, and he goes, oh, and your hammer thrower. I said, yeah, and he goes, come on in. Let's interview. So somehow I want to mow over. I got the job. And within like three months, I was up in training. So fast forward 10 years, I've got 50 something clients. I was a fitness director. I was having a great time training. And I always told myself, three things. If I ever lose these things, I will no longer work for someone else. The first one was potential to make more income, which for some reason our industry has a very big issue with that. If you, if you are going to make a good living doing this, you have to feel guilty about it. I've never understood that. Where it's like, if I'm going to help someone improve their health, I'm just supposed to do it out of the kindness of my heart. I do love working with people. And this is definitely a passion. But the beauty of it is that I get to get paid while I do that. I mean, I get to make a living out of the thing that I most passionate about, rather than having a job that I go to, and then my side passion that I wish I was just doing all the time. So I was able to combine both of those. I think that's a fantastic thing. So number one, don't feel guilty about making money, and especially if you're getting in a chance to make more money, pursue that, right? It's a good thing. So if I ever got capped on how much money I could make, I knew that was going to be an issue. Number two was, I wanted to be able to continue to pursue higher levels and endeavors within the business. As a floor soup, I wanted to become a trainer. As a trainer, I wanted to become the head trainer. As the head trainer, I wanted to become the fitness director. Fitness director, I wanted to become assistant GM. GM, I want to become GM. I want to eventually be an hour. Or I'm something something that would allow me to progress. So I've ever capped on that, and they were like, this is as far as you can go. Okay, maybe I look at other options. And then number three was, if you're going to take away any of the benefits that I've earned. So if you in personal training, you get to in California, you have to get 30 hours a week of consistent regular. And if you do that for three months, you can earn a 401k. You can earn health benefits, all this. Well, I did that, and I earned all those things. And if you ever lose, if I ever lost any of those, you know, per them to say, like, we're not going to do this anymore. Any of those issues, well, all three of those happened me within two years. And I said, we're done. GM came under new management. Instead of looking at each department individually, they looked at the entire business, weddings, tennis, golf, events, spots, sauna, hair, all this stuff, fitness, we were crushing it in a very small space. But when the lump sum of the business was not doing so well because of events, we all had to suffer. So we all got pay cuts. We all had our retirement taken away, and none of us had the opportunity to grow within a business. So I encourage all of you to think of that. If you ever get to a point, there's nothing wrong with working for someone else. My intention as a business owner was to create a job that a trainer could come in and go, this is a career opportunity for me. I no longer work in a job, this is a career. Awesome. I never want you to leave this. I want you to be so happy here that you're continuing to make a great living. You have potential growth, and then you have opportunities to invest in your future, retirement, health benefits, etc. I want to have all that laid out where they never want to go anywhere. This should be a real job just like anywhere else, where you can enter into an entry level, earn your way up, retire with benefits, and a gold watch, and whatever else. Whatever else comes with it, right? It should be just like that. Our industry because it's commissioned based typically doesn't offer that. So as being one of the outliers, I wanted to run a business where I employed individuals in that format. And that's what we did. So 2014 came around. My wife and I said, you know, don't think this is really working out anymore. We've lost a lot of things that we worked really hard for. Let's go do our own thing. I moved into a crossfit gym that was renting was one of my mentors was renting a space inside his gym that used to be a bakery inside this building. And he goes, I got 800 square feet. You can have that. And I said, I'll take it. And so we went in there for one weekend and put together some stuff. And I brought in some real basic equipment and 50 of my 52 clients came with me. I was shocked. We had two that needed childcare and we didn't have childcare to provide in the garage. And so we were there and I said, you guys, I promise you give me a give me two years. I promise that we will have a really nice beautiful space. Within 11 months, we were open and do another building, 2500 square foot all on our own up and run and do in great. We took those 50 clients and almost tripled it. We had 140 clients leading right into March 2020. And then the 17th came and everything changed. Yes, and then the business had to. So you guys, of course, had to officially close how long was it was just closed before you decided to bring it to the space that you're at now. This was such a weird situation. Not only did we have the pandemic, California was was on fire. We were burning, there were fires everywhere. So we could train outside. We were allowed to be outside with the pandemic. You couldn't be inside with people. So we could be in the parking lot. And the problem was on a day to day basis, the air quality because of the fires would be terrible. If the AQI, the air quality index was over 150, we weren't allowed to work outside. It was too dangerous for people to come and exercise. So we didn't have the option to wear masks inside or outside. We weren't even allowed to be indoors. So every day we had just mass text messages that we would send to every class. The clock, AQI's 125, we'll see you. And then by six, it would be over 150 and we'd have to cancel cancel the next three classes. So every hour, it was like, could we be open, could we not? So we did that for, I don't know, four months, five months and just tried to do our best, but we, I mean, we were open maybe 30 days over four months. I mean, it was so bad. So we continue to pay all of our rent, all of our utilities, all of our employees full, full everything. And just started draining our savings. We applied for some of the loans. We got some of those that definitely helped. Nine months in November came around and for eight months in. One of our clients was a, what's kind of connected to the people inside the capital. They called me and they said, you're not, this isn't going to, you're not going to get open for like another three or four months, like you need to prepare for that. And we didn't have the money to do that. So we, we were trying to figure out some things. And I'm trying not to get too political about it, but we basically had a split in our clientele that said, if everyone that returns into train isn't vaccinated and wearing masks, we're not going to come back. And the other half said, if you require us to be vaccinated and wear masks, we're not coming back. So either way, we were losing half of our business. Yeah. And we couldn't really afford to keep the doors open with, with half of them, let alone with everybody being nine months behind a hundred thousand dollars in that. And we had about 20 grand left. One of my passions and my goals was to be able to convert our garage into a full studio that I could train in, but also could be a recording studio for all my education. We had started T.O.A. as a side business as a continued education side business that I did one or two hours a week on, it was nothing major. And as the pandemic rolled in, we just looked at this and said, let's take advantage of this opportunity of some downtime, because we couldn't work the first couple of weeks and such. So we just got into education big time. And T.O.A. kind of became the forefront. And we were called be stronger fitness at the time kind of went to the back. And so we kind of juggle those for a while and eventually we looked at this and said, I think T.O.A. could like be the business. That could be the way that we continue to pursue this. And so we took our last 20 grand and converted this entire room. We have a garage door. Sorry for the shaky camera, but this was a garage door. There was all Rickity and it would roll up. And we had, you know, the fireplace for outside and there was a old washer and dryer and that leads into the house over here and we none of that was there. These doors windows all this stuff. It was all just this huge mess. And so over time, we finally had to come to grips of like, hey, are we going to do this? Are we going to do it for real? We need to have this whole thing gutted, redo the whole thing, put an air conditioning, you know, soundproof all that stuff. So we did the whole thing up 20 grand and committed a hundred percent. And, you know, kind of the rest is history. T.O.A. took off. And we've been doing really great sense. Basically adopted our old clients into the T.O.A model training in here. And that's really kind of our secondary income and our education is actually our number one. So within nine months, everything kind of flipped. And the beauty of it is, as I've got, you know, 60 something clients I work with now, 45 of which all online, the other 15 come in here. I get to practice all my programming, all my coaching, all of our implementation, working with our clients to come in. I get specialty clients who will come in and wheelchairs and I'll work with them for three or six months or something like that. And then we'll transition them into our online program, that kind of stuff. So I still get to practice and do everything I want to do. And that's what feeds all the online education. I don't think I'll ever stop training people. But my passion's definitely in teaching. And I love that more than anything. So that's so awesome. So guys, check the description for the episode two. We'll put a link for the T.O.A education and his YouTube channel because he has a lot of great content that he releases. So if you're looking to make content that's useful, right, or do education, Robert is a great place in person to model yourself after because he has really informative videos. They're like a perfect length, right? We know that people attention span is only so long. Good educational content designed for people like us fitness professionals, not necessarily the average person, but the average person can watch it and get something out of it. So I love that. And we get a lot of people asking, Robert, can I do in person and hybrid? And you're doing that. In fact, I'm a majority of your clients are online. So I'd love to explore that a little bit more. We all know what in person training looks like for you. What does your online client basically? What does that look like when you work with them? So I remember like 2004 I was a one on one trainer and then in like 2007 I accidentally booked two clients together at the same time. And instead of telling one of them I screwed up. They both showed up and I was like, we're going to do a partner workout today. This is going to be awesome. I just they just kind of rolled with it. And next thing they were like, can we just do this every day? This was way more fun. No offense, but this was way better. And my next group did that and next and be soon, you know, all of a sudden all I had were partners and groups and things kind of took off. So I was an online trainer coming into 2020 and Martin, I will tell you the truth. I didn't believe in online training prior to the pandemic. I think a lot of people didn't. I thought this is the only way to do it online. You're sending people programs. They never get to see yada yada. So when it happened, we were like, if we're going to do online, I'm going to do it my way my way is going to be like you and I are doing right now. I want to see into their house. I want to see what they're doing. I'm going to have eyes on them. I'm going to have to learn to coach more verbally than physically. I can't put my hand on their shoulder and say, pull this I'm going to learn to pull the shoulders back and retract them down, put your blades in your back pocket. Talk your chin like you're holding a softball to your chin like I had to learn ways to describe and cue this where people would connect with it. So we started to do that. Obviously as everybody kind of did. I got a lot better at it over the next six to seven months. By the time 2021 came around, we were really good at it to a point where other people were trying to model and we created another certificate that was teaching online training in the format we were doing. OTOA online training for the older adult. So now was going really well. As that's happening. We are now allowed in our county at that time to have people in house. And so same thing happens. I have an online program and I screw up and I book one of my in person clients at the same time as my class. So the class is on. I've got eight people and this lady one of my clients shows up and she's like I'm here and I'm like, everybody this is our model Kathleen she's going to be here to model today and so I trained her live while I watched everybody on screen. And I thought man people are going to they're really not going to like this they're going to be like you're paying more attention to her than you are to us. Basically I I've got you're on a giant screen TV right now on the wall right. Yeah and every screen of my client they're like a foot by foot on the screen it's a big TV. You know like a foot by foot so she was another one of the squares of this camera and so I would just kind of get out of the way and let her be another and I would just coach the squares. So even though she was right here right I would coach her by watching her on the screen and on occasion I would go back and adjust some things here and there and then I would open the camera I take the power point down with it and I would kind of show it like it is now and I'd say everybody look at Kathleen I want this back position not this back position make sure you're pulling a tight now that's like this and hold the weight this way make sure we don't do this. And then I go okay cool let's get back to work and we zoom back into the workout and I just coach the squares again and everybody loved it. They're like this is way more fun to see a client they're working with you rather than you doing it right like you 40 something year old versus a 70 year olds like this is it makes it a little more real it's not like I'm going to build you a program that I think you can do even though I'm 30 years younger than you they're here doing it and so the next level of our business took off right now I've got two to three clients in here every hour with another five to eight people online the join us. And that new hybrid model has been born by accident again happy actually. Yeah happy accidents twice so it's just kind of kind of been fortunate we went with it and our clients really like it. That's amazing and it sounds like yeah I've seen you're from your behind the scenes on your Instagram I've seen that big TV and your desk set up right where you're sitting. So it sounds like you guys have a pretty cool space that's set up and you have a cool format it is kind of cool to that you can reach more people right you if you have six or two people here two or three people here. You just increased your numbers so do the math right your hourly rate goes up for sure so you're being more sure. You're time it is engaging and super fun that's a really cool way to go about it. But I know in the past when we were talking about equipment you were talking about how you've kind of acquired it along the way. And thank you so much for being candid by the way about how much a cost you to build out your your space because some people have no idea that this is expensive like it's going to cost you money to make money. But can you talk us through like what equipment you started with and I know and then point out again for us maybe some of the things you've acquired over time. Yeah so with with this transition with the pandemic it wasn't so much the equipment we already have that at the other gym what we had to do was convert it into this space. We were set up for eight people at a time down the hill in Sacramento and here it was going to be two to three. So we kind of cherry picked and we brought like one full set of kettlebells and one full set of fat bells and we ended up changing our play o boxes so they were smaller footprints and we just kind of adjusted and modified some things but I brought flooring from the other gym the rack from the other gym. We just kind of brought that stuff in what changed was and I never thought of like quality cameras and we need to be hard line for our internet versus wifi. It just completely screws with how clean the picture is and how well the connections are and even if there's a storm or something going outside your hard lines as long as you're you're grounded in you're good to go. So that microphones what high quality mics do we need do I what need to wear a lavallier you know color mic or can I just clip this on my pot you know. All of these little things kind of came about and I didn't go to school to be an audio tech and and to do any type of presenting or doing any of this so this was all new thing and I had to start asking around and talking to different people and my brother does AV my brother and law does AV and so I had some mentors that kind of teach me these are better quality these not so much. Just as I have a shed out there full of all the junk equipment that I don't want anymore which we just sold a bunch of it by the way at the. The biggest weekend. I have the same with my mics and my cameras and all this old stuff that I tried and I thought it would be better and it wasn't and so there's a lot of trial and error. There's a lot to be said to and I talked about this often and almost everybody. I'm not a representative or affiliate or an ambassador anybody with any financial returns. Basically if you see me wearing a live bearded t-shirt I get free beard butter for the month if I you know that kind of thing. I don't make any money off of anybody doing so if I'm recommending a brand or a product it's because it works really well. Not because I'm making money from it. Okay. So when you look at these things they're like why do you like the angle 90 handles so much for my clients with arthritis it's the best handle any other one we've had they complain about those ones they don't. So I recommend them to you but I have four other pairs of crap handles out in that shed so the same thing here I have different mics different things. We've gone through and we have to try those and you just don't know the things you don't know until you start to experiment with them and try them out and then you test your quality and see it on the other side same thing happens with equipment. You know we look at this and we're like dumbbells that makes sense fat bells that makes even more sense you know a lot of my clients that hand issues arthritis issues carpal tunnel. When I hold on to dumbbell the weights only on one side or the other so it kind of stabilizes my hand from side to side but not forward and back. We're on my injuries at my hand forward and back. So if I put a fat bell a hex bar around my hand right. Well now I can circumduct weight and work on building strength in all directions where the dumbbell not so much a bit but not as much. So those kind of processes start going through and you're like well now I've got to sell my dumbbells and I'm going to replace them all the fat bells. I'm not saying you have to do that your demographics is specific to this it's a big difference you know I train with these all day long every day months and months and years and years. Now I go to a hotel gym and I only get to use dumbbells my elbows and my rest are the next day. It's one of those things where I'm like this was a learning lesson now I'm cutting and this goes across the board why do we just a why this tank why that sled why so. I guess my answer to talk about the equipment a little bit is you're going to have a lot of trial and error and a lot of them may be expensive mistakes we purchased some stuff for you know a couple of thousand dollars didn't it didn't work out. I had this one piece of equipment is 500 dollars I thought for sure we're going to use this all the time it was a little box and it had magnets on it and it would magnetize do a plate and it had a little fishing string and you'd hook it on to the implement and when you pulled it it told you how fast the implement was being pulled. And I thought this will be great and I used it for a month and then we never went back to it. 500 dollars just to have something that I thought was going to be this amazing thing and it is a cool tool. However, I'm not really training people for maximum power and speed production like my buddy Justin is with a bunch of throwing athletes so I sent it to him right. Those kinds of mistakes you get caught up in the moment this is awesome I'm going to get that. I'm going to use these smart I whenever we work in our affiliates we say there's my need list and there's my one list right the need list is kettlebells dumbbells and or fat bills power bands right anchors a bench pile box. It's about it you don't have to have barbells I have those but those are for show we don't use them they just they just sit up there and collect dust right you remember once a while but not much. You know from my demographic it's one implement at a time or I call it unibylateral two implements of the same time learning to manipulate two implements much harder than what. Biilateral connection of the barbells really difficult for our clients because we are getting people that have a lot of physical limitations right so we find that a unilateral approach with one implements at a time really works well but that's our practice that's our studies that's what we implement okay you may have need for barbells and bumper plates and all that we don't so you just got to kind of look at the assessment of. Who are you working with how is your programming done what do you need and then what do you want in every month we would take one client we're like whatever we get from Jen Jen pays $200 a month. Let's take that 200 we'll put it in the one fund and every time that 200 equal whatever number was the next item we bought it and so it's like okay we got a skier 800 dollars was by the skier and then four months later cool we got another eight hundred dollars let's buy the tank and so we would just keep chip in a way and now almost you know three and a half years later. I've got all the toys right I've got all the toys that I want and I feel like we've got a pretty good opportunity to train people as efficiently as we can. However that's 10 plus years almost 20 now at this time of collecting stuff and finding your strategies always going to be changing and it should be you should always be evolving absolutely and I remember when we were talking about programming you mentioned how you do that with like a certain clients maybe that you make from them you put it in like buckets and I like it told you then I've never heard anybody tell them like give that advice. And I do it now. So I have certain clients that I make make a little bit from this person or a whole lot more from this person. And one that I make a little bit for it goes into this fund and I use it for this or for many bands or whatever right so smart first of all. And second of all guys if you look at his space when talking about the equipment that he has you get you some great foundational equipment to have right the fat bells the kettle bells. The kettle bells some simple things like the the mats and stuff like that but look at the space the way it's laid out to tell us about how you designed this space because there's people out there rubber and know you know this because through NCA and some other organizations. There's people out there that will charge you money to design your space if you have a conditioning space where you have 30 racks and bunch of benches and all that makes sense. So the average person with a space like yours or maybe even a 2000 square foot space we don't need that what was your thought process going into designing this space for your studio before. My favorite thing is designing spaces like this the small ones the little home gyms I love it because it's it's a problem you got a problem solve this but the key components to it are buying equipment that has a small footprint. That has multiple use and can be stored vertically that's really the key to a lot of this like everything we have like the more stuff you can get off the floor the better the room looks the more things that ascend up the walls the taller the room what looks. But when you look in here you're like okay I've got 500 square feet and it's probably 400 and 60 is actually usable right the rest or counter tops or corners where you can't quite get anything. So I'm going to look at those corners and those nooks in those you know those areas that I can't really use and go how can I use that as storage. And so we've got like double reinforced shelving over here that holds all of our weight vest and all of our plates that are stacked up right and then I've got wall mount these guys are like double reinforced be able to support the the bars you'll see those eye hook see that eye hook up in the ceiling up here. That guy or right that way that one right there so that eye hook is screwed into four four by fours sorry for the shaky camera a man of one I have no camera man. That's screwed into four four by fours so my buddy John's like 260 I'm 240 the two of us are dangling on this thing trying to rip it out of the ceiling because we want to make it heavy enough that I could do toes and rows and all kinds of different actions from that. So there was certain things we had to hey this is going to be a demand of the room it's got to be reinforced we have clients that will take studs in their house and put eye hooks every 12 inches all the way down with carabiners and their bands and they can click in at whatever height they want. They've got their angle 90 handles they can do high rows they could do low rows they could put two bands together and tie it to their belt and do a simulated tank pull or a sled drag and they've got all these just from the anchors. And then we have others that are going to forward an encourcist I'm on a slide rail and then we have others that bought a full you know vertical storage or vertical plate rack from rogue where they've got 250 pounds of plates eight inches off the wall. All of these things though they're smaller mobile or they have such a small footprint that it doesn't stick out and take a ton out of the room. Even our racks these racks that we have at the base of them my directions here right down here there's a little black strap with a carabiner and same right there. So I have low anchors that I can click click bands into we'll put the tank on that with bands and they can do like dynamic chess presses or we could do low pulley rows we use everything we use anything and everything the squat rack. Really do I actually squat or bench press out of that rack it's just a giant anchor point you know we have landmines before at the bottom we had pivot points at the top. I've got carabiner hooks all over shackles all over the place and cores that slide up and down it I mean. You got to be creative and knowing like how many uses can I get for this one thing. A plate loaded chess press machine is like four by six foot so you got like a 24 foot square foot foot foot print of a device that only does horizontal chess pressing yeah and you're like well I could tie bands to it and do some row okay I'll give you that one what else. That's it right but there are plate loaded universeels where you can be on one side and row you go to the other side and press you stand up on the platform and high pull you can move the platform and rack and you can do like rack pulls or dead lifts off the floor. Great machines well now I've got four five six different things on them. Then they have little platform jacks that lift up and now it's on skis and it's a giant loaded sled and you could push it across the floor and you're like now I got a device right that's five or six different things it's a mobile I can sled it wherever I want to. And then once I said or down we can load that puppy up and I can do all my plate loaded lifts it's that kind of thing if you want to have plate loaded machines find one of those. I don't know who makes that by the way I saw that a. Oh it was a name of the gym it'll come to me in a minute I think maybe hoist I think is maybe the company I make so yeah hoist has some pretty cool. They make some cool stuff yeah I just did a little feature on my episode last week on their leg press and how it's the only leg press in the market where the the platform that you sit against moves with you. So it actually simulates like you're squatting like you move away from your feet at the same time super cool anyway somebody over there designing stuff. Has an idea of number one biomicanics and anatomy because it makes a lot of sense right and I do a side is by side if you guys want to check that out on my YouTube. I've got another guy on a leg press and me on a hoist one and it's show side by side and how regular leg presses is just knee extension it's really hard to get your hips involved. Where were the other one even though it's only four or five inches it's four or five inches every single rep so it's a significant difference that's what I'm looking at with every piece of equipment of like. Why is this better why is this more efficient for me and or my clients and then how can I use it in here is it worth the footprint is is the fly wheel worth the two by three foot footprint to put it in here. Absolutely I find great value in that but have I had other purchases I don't like the bag on other pieces of equipment have I had other ones that were not absolutely I bought them and they're out in that shed now. So you got to make those decisions you got to make those choices but look for things that have multiple use that are fairly heavy that can store vertical and buy for quality if anything is low. You know it's low for a reason it's either brand new and no one's heard of it and they're trying to get on the market that's rare okay or it's cheap and it's junk. And I've seen other ones where I'm like oh this is cool I again another one I want bag on but if you're seeing this. It's a device that's a bar with two little class that open and you can put dumbbells on it and close it now you've got a barbell right using the dumbbells as weight. And I thought genius I've got dumbbells I've got this plus I wanted to hook it to the kettlebell so we could deadlift with it and I was like that'd be cool because now I could pull from higher heights right. So I get it number one it's made out of plastic so it bends. I go to connect it to the the fat belt or the kettlebells the handles are too fat and won't fit on there it barely fits on the dumbbells and and I was like this is a complete waste of time it was so janky and junky and you tried to screw it together it would strip and miss. And I'm like well that's what I get for buying something for ninety nine dollars. A really good one of these with a cost 250 or 300 right but I would have had a good quality piece of equipment I would be using today because the idea of that is really great. And I've been super into the production of it was poor so instead it sits out there and I don't mention the name of the company and opposed to angles ninety and rogue and everybody else I'm talking about in here who makes good high quality shit. So don't waste your money on stuff like that check all the reviews go through that and end or go and find someone that has what you want and go play with it because that's. And I see every place I go I want to find a gym I want to go in there because I'm going to see something I've never seen before I want to get in there play around and stuff I love it I collect t shirts from gyms that I go to. I got like a Bob's fitness from Lake Tahoe and then gyms fitness from LA and Steve from Missoula Montenegro whatever the places are we stop in we do a workout we buy a t shirt. So cool piece of equipment never seen one of these before and what do you know it shows up in my gym. Yeah, I was going to ask you about the cost because a lot of people will say oh like I have probably seven or eight thousand dollars with a equipment in my garage that have a mask over the last five or six years a little bit at a time to your point just like you do a little bit of the time. Oh, by each season oh I need more of this and let's try this this year or whatever so with my don't use yeah as much as I thought I would some of them I do but I've also done things like buy kettlebells for example on Amazon and I was like oh but they weren't the metal ones they were plastic with sand and I was like okay this is nice like it's easy to transfer Robert what I didn't think about was kettlebells are meant to be dropped slammed like if somebody drops a plastic when it literally says on it do not drop. And I got it I was like well what am I supposed to do it this then what if somebody swings it and drops it is they're going to bust out over the place. So it's one where like I was like I could use this so people think they can take the cheap route or find this piece of equipment that yeah and set of spending $150 for this kind of a unspent 40 and you know see if I can get more of them. It's not always good right dying of all same thing I've gotten down the last two throws before they split at the seams and I got I got the more expensive ones and I have. 150 kids that I work with at a time they can beat the I tell them I'll pay you money if you can break this thing. Yeah, so the quality absolutely matters and you make it go try it go see it maybe before you buy it but also what do you think about like brand loyalty I want to say it that way because that's kind of under is like somebody who only buys rogue or only buys this like should we kind of diversify what we have because no one can. I think so I mean, what attracted me to rogue in the first place was durability and and remember their CEO at the time or I don't think it was a glassman it was somebody else that worked on the high up and they're like why is your equipment so good. And he goes well we we've created because people are going to be dropping it and throwing it and and dumping the bar basically in ways that they probably shouldn't and we're tired of replacing bars so they're throwing you know 200 kilo bars off a rooftop for three stories up and like why and I'm like we don't know why but people are going to do it and so they just made super you know durable stuff and I'm like why never want to buy another barbell so I'm going to buy one of theirs for $400 and I'm going to have it forever and the ones that we bought are the best bars that I've ever experienced it. Short of like Olympic level, Aliko, I found in the U.S. training, Olympic center other than that they're very good bars so I don't think you need to be brand loyal necessarily but look at like what what equipment am I looking to fill and what is the demand of that. And then I'm going to shop that market and see who's creating the best one because not everybody makes everything. In rogue doesn't make select rice machines but if you're like well I want select rice machines cool go to go to side backs go to life time I don't know I couldn't tell you the last time I looked at select rice equipment go look at whoever's looking at now. Yeah, you know and but you know they're they're also not making bumper plates and so you'd have to go well I want to go to road to get my bumper plates right and so you got to find whoever's making the the demand of the equipment that you want find the best versions of that I definitely think it's worth the investment. And I do get a little blowback on this from people I'm not a big fan of buying used equipment ever I mean, I'm the only one that's going to use it I've got a couple kettle bells that I throw in the yard but I would never let my clients use those because they're not proven they're not tested who knows what those people did with those they could have been throwing those kettle bells on the concrete and then I bought it and it's one swing away from breaking in my hand right there was a story of a of two guys that were. Rock climbing in Sacramento they took a rope out of the back of their car and they dropped it on the ground and they picked it back up and they went inside and they ended up selling that rope to another kid who the rope broke while he was climbing. He ended up getting really hurt he lived but he got really hurt and when they went all the way back through it they traced it back to when those guys dropped the rope in the parking lot it got some mode motor oil on it and that motor oil started aware way at the material. And then they resouled it right to somebody else this kid and now days later what not that rope broke while it so my point is is you don't know what happened at equipment before you what if it's a TRX and you've got your grandma doing inverted rose hanging under that thing and it snaps right. I've seen massive shoulder and neck injuries from six to 12 inches off the floor because they don't just fall on the ground they fall onto a kettlebell or a bench or whatever else is underneath them too. It's situational awareness and your insurance when that accident occurs they're going to call and they're going to say where did you buy that equipment and if you're like I bought it new from TRX they're going okay. We know that you got a a good liable warranty covered piece of equipment when you go no I bought it from you know Bob's played against sports then they're going to go yeah we're not going to cover you that's not we don't we can't ensure used equipment. So you got to keep those kind you got to think like a business owner and a lot of times it's you know what's the worst situation that could occur with this I need to be smart so though it's a cheaper option to buy used equipment. I'm not a big fan of that I mean you want to buy you know secondary flooring that was in a California fitness that closed down sure right I mean there's there's no life depending on this this flooring as long as it's sound and there's no bumps in it you're good. But am I going to have somebody doing a cable pulley that was in somebody else's house for five years I don't know what they did do it did they maintain it did they oil it did they clean it or is it rusty and ready to snap at any moment. You got to you got to go through those things and that's where buying warranty brand new equipment if something breaks something happens to it a lot of them especially these bigger expensive pieces they're guaranteed for life. So as long as you don't drop it or you know do something that's outside of their warranty if you're just using it in a breaks at least you get your piece of equipment back or your insurance goes well okay. That this is just a accident that occurred but you had a good sound piece of equipment and something bad happened not a problem then they got you right they'll cover you. You got to think that way and a lot of this equipment that's where I'm like I'll I'll pay double for something if I know it's going to last forever and it was made really really well. And you can go all the way down to where is it being made and who do you want to support you know. I like sorenx I like rogue I like US brand equipment that's here in in the States and I want to support our country nothing I guess anybody else I just you know I want to American made equipment I want to support our country and do that I know bird soren. I know some of the guys at work at rogue bird all of his buddies at work they're all throwers I threw against all of them and so I see all those guys in there installing everything I'm like there's Aaron and there's you know I know all those guys and so I want to support my my dudes and so I think the more you get connected in this industry. You start to see and start to connect with different companies that represent what you believe in you know rogue gives a lot of money back to veterans and they gives back to communities and and Ohio. They do a lot back there for people they do a huge garage sale every or they sell out equipment to people and whatever is left over they give to the local high schools for weight rent brand new bars that people are getting it's like I love that so I'm going to support you guys right it's not kind of stuff I'm rambling now but you get you get my point. Well you bring up some really great points with like getting the good equipment making sure that you can be insured I need to think about that they could deny your claim if you bought second hand like equipment because they don't know what happened to it just like you don't. But let's talk a little bit about that before we wrap up. Business side of it right because yes you have to have insurance things like keeping your receipts when you buy equipment first of all you need you received if you're going to write it off in any kind of way. But keep the receipt and then like whatever brochures or packets came with it right I have a whole drawer over there that that's all it is is receipts and the info packet that came with it tells you how to use said item whether it's a recovery tool or a piece of equipment I keep all of that stuff. But let's talk about that and any business license is of course California is different and a little bit more strict with a lot of places. But how did you navigate all of that did you kind of just figure it out as you go did you have a mentor or did you pay some more. Get a mentor mentors are fantastic because in many cases I so I had Alan Cosgrove and I had Jamie Lopez Jamie is a local the local CrossFit owner here in Sacramento. Great guy I was pursuing my master's degree. I needed to have someone else that had a master's degree to do a mentorship with and he was right down the road. I didn't know him. I just called him up one day and I said it could I come in and meet with the abayalunch and I want to talk to you about potentially doing an internship. He was like absolutely coming over. I have never been told no when you get to call somebody in her I called talk to Mike Boyle I called and talked to Todd Durkin I've Martin Rooney. I've Dan John is like my stepdad right like I love the guy we we talk all the time not I'm name dropping but you get you get the point is like over 20 years you get to meet these different folks and connect with them we get opportunities to to to find a brotherhood a sisterhood within the world of weights that kind of helps you find routes and as each of these individuals are experts in their domain. You can then contact those people and go how did you troubleshoot blank. So I'm talking to Jamie and I'm like if I want to open my own place what do I need to concern myself with and he goes well let's start in the bathrooms. You need to make sure the door is ADA compliant for someone in a wheelchair and I'm like shit our door is an ADA compliant. I go okay you got to fix that are their handles on each side of the toilet is the the the sink high enough for someone in a wheelchair to get underneath it can they reach all the stuff is the mirror tilt all of these things. We don't think about but they're big violation issues here in California the the sprinkler system is that up to code the fire extinguishers and the fire sprinklers are all those up to code. And so we're going to do that right proper lighting or the doors right doors have to be pushed locks on the inside so there's a fire everyone can get out but they can lock from the outside right all of those things I wouldn't have thought a half of that stuff if it wasn't for Jamie so that's where as you don't be afraid to go up and talk to people and ask them and connect with them because you might just be a DM away from asking Dan John damn I want to buy kettlebells you're the kettlebell expert who do you think I should go with and he goes all way you get to get these guys they've got this great deal or they've got this great you know warranty goes with it and now you're connected right. Our industry is full that don't be afraid to ask for help to ask for mentors I've got tons of them and whatever realm that they are all experts in you know we get to get to kind of pull from that so that was a big one was was having a mentor or mentors that you could kind of go to for each of those things and inside the facility. You would be shocked that you have to have a permit to have an alarm system you have to have a permit that someone has to come out and check your facility make sure that the alarm that was installed was done so properly. There's nothing else that they do after that other than they take $800 from you and they walk away and they're like yep you got in the alarm and I'm like. I had to do that yes okay to put my sign outside was $2,000 it was another $1,000 to have a guy come out and go yep there's a sign the city takes that and you're like what the hell there's so much more money. For permits of things that they never need to it's crazy you play music if you're going to play music you better be getting the business Pandora are the business. Yes, you know, that's life is that's like no that's what I actually believe in because I'm like these are artists now that are not getting there cut I'm totally cool with that right I'm good with paying for that every month or every year. There's certain things though, I don't know but my point is is every state is going to have a month talk too much every state's going to have their own little things all these little things that you're going to have to go through. Go to go to whoever your city council they are going to have or your. Chamber of Commerce go to them and say I'm open in a business what do I need to know and they've got packets and lists of everything in hey here's for gas for electricity for your phone line your security line your music all that stuff don't have at least a basic. Outline the kind of get you going and then from there you kind of learn along your way. Some places some states you have to have inspections before you open other ones you don't some of them you have to have ramps in the proper doorion like we talked about others you don't if it's a certain size there's a certain criteria or cap for how many people are allowed to be in the room other states other buildings they're not. Indoor outdoor use if you open the doors to the parking lot all of a sudden you have another 30 person capacity then if the doors shut it's all these little things that we don't think about so ask a lot of questions get a lot of mentors and. Unfortunately you can't you can't like plead ignorance of like well I didn't know we needed fire alarms of course there's certain those things you have to have so you have an insurance company make sure you're getting a good insurance company that ensures people for fitness. Okay, I'm not gonna name drop, but there's plenty of ones out there that sounds like a go and then another one where there's a state with some farmers and then there's another one that there's these insurance companies that they ensure your car and they're great at cars right and maybe they do your house and they're great at their house you know what they don't do they don't do fitness. They sell you one, but they don't know fitness and so they just send you they basically sell you like disaster insurance but if you go to K and K or if you go to Philadelphia or if you go to. Is it good one next person? Thanks. There's a good one. Yep, there's a couple. His cocks we have his cocks there's a bunch of them. They specialize in fitness and so if you go through the insurance interview and it's only five minutes long you're what the wrong company. It should be about a half an hour. They should ask who's your target demographic what equipment do you use how do you train what's your education what's your background what it you know do you have treadmills do you have select right they want to know you have pieces of equipment that are going to break down or are you all free weights. And so all that stuff how about this one? Are you going to have your shoes off while they're resistant training if the answer is yes it's another two grand a year. Guys right if the answer is no $2,000 less okay. Now you can get insurance for your 800 square foot gym for a whole year for fifty dollars disaster okay one bad thing that's it a million dollars that's all you got or you can pay $2,000 a year right you can pay a hundred and eighty dollars a month and have every bit of insurance that you could possibly think of just like when you get a car. Hey what do you want your deductible to be do you want roadside do you need rental cars do you want you can go through all that into side. But if you buy it from your car insurance company and they're not going to ask any of that they're just going to give you a blanket one. So you can also once you buy your good insurance go to them and say what do I need to know I'm in California I'm in Oregon whatever it is they'll help you and tell you here's all the things you need to think about when you're opening your own business. There's lots of opportunities for help you just need to ask for it. Yeah, love that and yeah, insurance is one that I think a lot of people overlook a good like oh I don't need it or they get the minimum coverage just like people do on their cars. Interates is important when you need it and you don't know when you're going to need it so don't rather because yeah, I think they're having it and made it. Yeah, the need is not it's going to cost you a whole lot of money out of pocket if something does happen and we're not even talking about bodily injury here guys. We're talking about what if there is work like Robert said there's fires right what if there's a fire and half of his building burns down insurance will help cover that if you have the right coverage someone breaks in breaks your window. So it was a lot of things and accidentally run through the wall right. Yep, there's a water leak there's any of this is all insurance coverage. Yeah, so you shouldn't have to pay out a pocket with that but you have to make sure you have the right coverage to your absolute correct. And for you know, people are like, well, you can give me the opportunity to go to the hospital and go to the hospital and you have to see your questions get it all in writing understand the policy that they hand you. Right. So even if you go online and buy one where you don't have to speak to somebody which is what I do with Philadelphia. I make sure to read all the terms all the things what what is it actually covering before I sign up for anything every couple years. We print in our whole packet and I've got it here in the drawer and that way if I need to reference something and like some of them I've got our personal figure names Rhonda or Roxanne or something like that's like our person she's in charge of us. And so we contact to whatever we need something. good to like know somebody's I'm assigned to someone, you know, they got me covered. So I think that's great. And just like you said with like the manuals, I've got my my my my my skier the manual, the little screwdriver that comes with all that if you ever want to resale to someone that's in their home, which is I would recommend right don't sell to another gym, they shouldn't buy used equipment. But if you want to resell to someone in their house or something like that or sell to a year clients or or a family member or something like that, how cool is it to like give them the manual and the screwdriver and the extra courtage that comes with. And you're like here this is what I got I've only had it for a year and here it is you know like all that anytime you need to recommend or reference how to fix it or how to update or what to use you've got it all right there you're not Google and it or you two mean it you've got it at your fingertips. I think that's that was an awesome suggestion is keep all those little things you know we got a whole little drawer of them inside we just pile all that stuff in there. It's good stuff down and if you ever sell your gym, okay, I'm gonna think about that in the future you've got all the manuals for all the equipment right there. The years they were they were built all the years that you bought them etc. You're receipts we talked about that right off for travel right off for your uniform if you're a traveling trainer or your vehicle to and from maintenance for your vehicle. I I part of my brand is my beard so my beard trims every month are right off right. I my shirts that I buy the shoes that I get all of it is part of my uniform so all those things these are not nothing even shady about it this is good business practice right. You go to meals with a client whatever that all that stuff is part of the program all tax right off but continue education travel for that that's another envelope we have we have the one list equipment we have continued education we have the rainy day fund. Right something's gonna happen that someday I'm gonna need a couple grand I got to have some money in there when the the rain thing breaks I got to do my 1500 dollar deductible for my insurance to kick in. I've got that money right anyway. So all those little things are all right off all that stuff these are all business practices that the more you do it the better you get at it higher in account if you don't have one even even if it's the cheapest account ever because you're barely making any money higher that person as you make more you can get a better one. But higher people and know what they're doing to help you run your business efficiently rather than you trying to figure it out and doing it half as. Yeah, or missing out on deductibles or like or deductions and all these other things for years and then you're like oh wait I could have been doing this the whole time we'll guess what you can't go backwards after a couple years or even after a year. You just have to start then so yeah there's a lot of things that people are missing out on especially when it comes to deductions I agree Robert I use quick books by the way quick books for small business and so I think it's 16 dollars a month is what I pay and it's on my. So easy and I'm using used to and then when I do my taxes I may just pull everything out all the cat. So easy. Super easy. We're talking a couple hours the cost of that program is a tax right off so. It takes a couple hours to set it up and then once it's set up it's just to move sailing all the way down the line from there you're totally right. The line. My image when I travel and stuff everything I absolutely love that. So Robert my last question for you today is we finish up our talk about business what is one thing. If you can narrow down one thing that you know now that you wish you knew before you started that first studio. I I'm probably stayed at the country club two years longer than I should have I should have left. I don't regret it. I'm just looking back at it now. I definitely learn what it was like to work for someone I didn't want to work for anymore so there's lessons to learn there. I guess my answer would be don't be afraid to go out and do things on your own if you feel like you're equipped and prepared to do so. And on the other side you're not getting the opportunities that you want there because again there's nothing wrong with working for someone else but if you're going to go and do it. Don't be afraid. We we waited two years we kept thinking should we do it should we do it and we finally didn't two weeks and we're like why the hell do we wait so long this is awesome like this is so much better right. You got to believe in yourself and if you've done your homework and you put in the time and you're like I think we're ready to do this and you think so don't be afraid go for it. Invest in yourself you put in the time you put in the effort if you're believing in you and your clients believe in you. I say go for it so yeah if the opportunity arises believe in yourself. Don't tell you guess that you'd be good. I love that you said something earlier to you about like not having a job having a career and that's what you wanted to create for other people in fitness. That's really important to me as well. I think that's the biggest thing I would tell people is whether it's owning your own space like what Robert's doing or working for someone else or some other iteration right your a coach or a strength coach or something else like whatever you're doing in fitness you guys. My biggest piece of advice to be yeah believing yourself for sure but this should be hopefully something you want to do long term that's a cool. Right it's not just something that you show up to every day because you need the paycheck. If that's what this is for you fitness is a little bit too difficult of an industry if you ask me and many respects for that to be sustainable. You won't be doing it for long if you're just showing a good paycheck whether you're in the front desk or you're actually training people or you're managing a space it's going to be miserable for you. If you don't actually enjoy it and want to do it and want to do better. So I love what you're talking about earlier how you wanted always the next thing right. Not saying you always have to want the next thing but if you don't wake up every day like just I get to I get to do this every day now I have to do this then is probably not going to work out. I was I was a janitor in high school and I remember sitting up out of bed at 3 a.m. every morning going I don't want to go and do this but I have to. I think that's the only thing and the only time in my life where I've ever done that because once I started training. I like you just said I woke up every day excited to go and do it. It's stressful to run your own business right it is it's stressful to have a lot of clients because you've got a lot of people that you're trying to work with and trying to take care of and trying to make them happy and make sure they're achieving and moving in the right directions your balance and all these different things weren't a lot of hats. I look forward to it every day because I love it because I'm passionate about it because it's my career choice it's not a job that I have to go to. When you get the opportunity to merge your passion for life your Dharma your your purpose of what it is that you're here to do. And that can make you a living and you can you can create that opportunity. I think you've achieved serenity like that is that's what you're put on this planet to do and I I would debate anybody that that I know that's what I'm here to do right. I'm here to be here right now talking all of you to train in this room and and to help the people I get to help there's nothing else I'd rather be doing. I love it. I was in the yoga philosophy. That's amazing cross disciplines I love it. Well, Robert this has been absolutely amazing I'm in the end point nine percent sure we're going to have you back so guys expect to hear some more again. I got a uniform now. I'm going to get you some more. I'll check the description of the episodes you guys Robert in the second here I'm going to have you tell them where they can find you like on Instagram or social media but guys we threw the links for his main website. The education website and his YouTube channel which is again phenomenal great content so if you're looking to learn how to create content is the great thing to model yourself after. And he does all this for free again because the more free things you give to people they start to build a relationship with you they start to trust you and then more like they've been money with you. So let's be honest like it's a great way to build chess but he also clearly like to educate people and so that's his job that's been here for but Robert where can these guys find you on social media. I'm on Instagram my name Robert Linkle or you can look us up at training the older adult on there as well we have both both Instagrams we're on Facebook same Robert Linkle training the older adult are YouTube channels growing but we always give you some more people on there so pop on there there's 250 videos on there we haven't even more going on now. And then over on our website training the older adult.com and love to see you there. Love it awesome well thank you again so much for your time today. Thank you. I love it can't wait till next time. Absolutely yeah you'll be back soon. And thank you guys for watching watch rewatch he's always got great information but we'll be talking to you soon guys. Thank you.

=== FILE: ISSA Talk w⧸Robert Linkul： Training the Older Adult [5gKv7X5LNCc].txt ===

Welcome back everyone for another ISFA talk. I am Jenny Scott, Senior Content Developer, here with ISSA. Super excited to be back. I feel like I haven't recorded an episode in a while, but I have an amazing guest with us. Who is also so gracious enough to come on to our podcast as well. So you'll be hearing more from this guy. He's got so much great information. I have with me Mr. Robert, we go how are you, Robert? I'm doing great, my friend. How are you? I'm great. Thank you so much. He actually reached out to me, you guys, because he wanted to share more with you. And I have more questions. So like I said, I feel like we're going to have him back on for several episodes of Pugier Eyes Out. But today I really wanted to talk to him about some foundational stuff that he's doing. He trains the older adult hints the TOA behind him, training the older adult. That is really his specialty. He's turned it into a massively successful career. So Robert, will you tell our viewers a little bit about yourself? Absolutely. So yeah, we got to do the podcast. I was talking constantly and they were like, yo, we got to wrap this thing in like three hours. We'll do something else. So yeah, I appreciate you. Give me time and chance to come back on and chat with you and be in being open to me reaching out. So thank you. So basically, training the older adult TOA kind of came about from a bunch of injuries that I experienced that are really young age. At 24, I blew up my back as a NCAA hammer thrower by 28. I had back surgery. And as I was recovering from that, I got really into mountaineering because I was training about to clients who wanted to go climb some big mountains. So I went to climb Mount Rainier and I came back and I'm training a bunch. I had 15 other clients who were all going to go climb Shasta together. And as I'm sitting at a meal with them after a training day, I cough and I look at my hands and my hands are covered in blood. All across my hands, my forearm's like coughed all over the table. And I just, I was, I was floored. I was shocked by the amount of this they just came out of me. And what is going on here? And my clients were looking at me like, like, somebody just threw a red water balloon on me. Like it was everywhere. And I was just like, I'm so sorry you guys. I don't know what's going on. So I go to the hospital and they give me an x-ray and I've had x-rays in the past and it's three, four days. I get the x-ray, I get in the car before I leave the parking lot. They're like, come back, you have to come back. And so I go back in and they do another one and they're like, we found a tumor in your lung. And it's big and it's going to kill you. And we were like, whoa. And so within 24 hours, I'm in. I get a, a bronchoscopy. They go up through my nose and they show my lung. And it's just filled by this car's joint tumor. And I get, you got to have surgery. So I have a car's joint tumor removed. They have to take out two of my ribs and they have to cut my lat, my inner costals and just everything. It's this massive surgery. And I have to rehabilitate from that luckily. I didn't have to go into any radiation or any treatment or anything just a big surgery. And as I'm recovering from that, they found another tumor in my thyroid. My thyroid was four times as big as it should be. And they go, another car's anoint tumor. And so I end up having an thyroid, I have that taken out. They hit my vocal cords. I can't talk for three weeks. It was quite the experience. And then I end up destroying both of my hips through all the years of lifting. So I end up getting our throskopies on both hips two years later. I get full total hip replacement on both hips. My left one dislocates seven times in 24 hours. I have to have a whole revision on that. But the hernia three different surgeries on my wrist, all of these injuries, sciatogos and flare ups and all of this all before the age of 40. And it just gave me a really unique experience in life to look at this and be like, this is happening for a reason. It's not happening to me. It's happening for me. I still have line from Tony Robbins. And it's like, what are you supposed to be learning from this? And to me, it gave me a really unique opportunity to connect with a 70 year old who's going through these things and find a way to train and rehabilitate and either prevent or overcome these. But I got to do it 35 years ahead of them. And so now I can put that into action. And as I'm doing that, other trainers are calling and messaging me, what are you doing? And how are you helping them? And I'm just answering the same questions. And finally, we have a guy named Jerry in Texas who's our first TLA affiliate. Because I don't want you like make a certification. And I said, that's a good idea. And so we did. We built a certificate. And we have some business stuff, mostly its programming this and that. And he got into it. He was the first one in two years and he goes, you know, I do your programming. I do your code. I do all this. Why don't you let me be a TLA. I'll be TLA Texas. And I said, that's a great idea. And so this guy is just helped us kind of build our business. So now we have 14 TLAs, affiliates across a country. We have one international in Vancouver in Canada. And we work with hundreds of different trainers that are out there working in private gyms and studios are all over the place that are working with people, you know, activator's older adults, over 50 with limitations or injuries or something they need to overcome. And we show them how to do it, not where they're avoiding the limitation, but they're training with it and making people better this way they can enjoy their retirement. They can enjoy those golden years instead of getting three or four of them at really poor quality of life and then they die. So we want them to live longer and live better. Absolutely. And so for those of you guys who don't have the perspective, but the benefit of the industry for a while, like I've been in for about 15 years, but I was spending for decades. Like we want to make sure that you guys understand that this population isn't going away. There was a recent report that we've gotten the big of a year, put out in the beginning of 2023 that said that in the next 10 years, you guys, more than half of the world population is going to be technically older adults. Senior population 65 and up, they're living longer and they want to have like Robert said a better quality of life. And so if you're interested in training this population, we're here to tell you and that's why I brought him back. He is someone who can show you that. This is an absolutely valid population to be working with. And we're going to talk about it in a little bit here, but you have some clients that you've had for 10, 15, 20 years. Like that's insane. The average client is with somebody for less than a year in a regular gym. So we're going to talk about that in a little bit here. But I want to start from the top with you, Robert. Can you tell anybody who is interested in taking on older clients? Anything that you think that maybe they should just be aware of or really be attention to, if that's the population that they really want to start taking off. The big one, the big one that comes up to me all the time is, I don't know what to do and how to do it without hurting people. And so learn, learn as much as you can about diseases and limitations, learn your anatomy. And I've had that debate so many times with season pros or like didn't go to college and I don't need anatomy and I learn everything. I can need to learn from a book and I'm sure you can do that. The more you're going to know about the human body, the better. There's no point where like, well, that's all I need to know. Are you kidding? I mean, the more musculature you know, the more the more functionality, the biomicanics, the leverage systems, the body, the better you're going to be as a coach of being able to create some of the different exercises that really get what you want. So this is a non-stop constant work in motion always trying to learn the best and most efficient ways. So stay very up to date with the research, different strategies right now. I'm in the unique place because I'm on the board of directors for the NSA. And that that position is given me an opportunity to gain access to research that's not necessarily being published. It's being presented to be published and I get to see all of it. And then the publishers go, we'll take these couple. And so I need to get the kind of cherry pick all this info. And a ton of it right now is focused on power training for older adults and how like bilateral training strength stability is much more efficient than anything unilateral you could do for true fall prevention. And you're like, well, you're on one foot when you're taking the step and it's this, cultural lateral stride is that really the way. Well, the research, like significantly supports traditional bilateral strength. So get your deadlifts, get your sit-to-stands, traditional two-handed rows, overhead presses, like just variations of bilateral lifting, getting people really strong foundational strength. That's the best thing you can do for them to prevent their their falls. And so it doesn't need to be fancy as my point. Like research supports, just do the basics, do them well. And if you have limitations that come into the way, this is the second part of the answer, don't avoid those limitations. That's probably why the person has come to you in the first place. I got the shoulder that hurts. I got a hip that bugs me. I can't golf anymore. Swim anymore. Skeet, whatever it is they want to go and do. You got to learn how to train with that limitation and hopefully overcome it. And some limitations you can't, others you might need the team, the physical therapist or doctor, the behavioral counselor, the nutritionist, the whole team of people you're you're you're a significant part of, I should say. You're probably the lynch pin that's holding it all together because all those people we just talked about, I'm ranting. But all those people we just talked about, you're the one they get to see two or three times a week. Everybody else that's once month every quarter, you know, something like that. So you're probably the most important one in that connection. So you got to know what to do with them with these injuries. You can't avoid it because if we look at the body as like power systems and bars, if everything that's good continues to train, but the one thing that's hurt doesn't are you doing them a service or a disservice, right? You're making a bigger gap. They're just going to get more, you know? So you've got to learn what to do with them. And this is not a plug of like come do my bro. It's just go learn. There's learn. If you pick me, that's awesome. Not. I know some other folks that are pretty good educators out there that are putting out good content, just never stop learning, never stop learning. No, the funny thing that you say that Robert, because this morning actually it's beginning of May right now when we're recording this, somebody posted on the our Facebook page and I facilitate our Facebook page for most days. And they asked, I have an older doll and they listed some conditions that this person had in the past and that they were covering from and being treated for, how do I train them? And that was their question. And so my question for you is when people come across different conditions or different limitations like you mentioned, it's something that maybe they haven't experienced before, they should go out and learn about it but then take what they know now and then use it in the future. But they're going to come across things that they don't know, right? Oh yeah, I'm my 23rd year and I still I came across something the other day and I'm like my client goes, look at my x-ray, here's the report and I'm like, I don't know what the hell this is. So I'm in there, you know, doing my my search trying to figure it out and a lot of times you do that search and when it comes up and it's like something major, you know, well let's let's something simple, Patel our 10th and I just okay, let's go with that and you're like, I don't know what to do, you shouldn't know what to do. Your job is not to diagnose and treat that's not your job. Your job is to let the physical therapist and the doctor do that and then you talk to them and you're like, well what can they do and what can they not do? And all of us speak the same language, well they can hinge and they can row and they can press but they can't jump and you're like cool. I know exactly what to do and what not to do now, right? So now I can take the ball and run. Now the next time a client comes in and they're like, I have to tell our 10 and I just you're like, I got a pretty good idea what to do. However, go see your doctor, your physical, get the team involved, right? You're always going to have to do that, but you're just so much more equipped. So 5678 clients down the road, they come in and they're like, I've got to tell our 10 and I just say like, you came to the right place, baby, like I know exactly what to do. Go get your doctor's release, note, come on back. We're going to take care of this. That's basically how this came about was older person after older person. I got a bad back. I got a bad hip. I got a bad back back and I'm like, they just kept coming. Every client kept sending me other friends with a bad back or a bad hip. Why? Because I had a bad back and I had a bad hip. And I learned how to rehab that and that just kind of grew, right? So you'll become that. You'll become an expert on something and that level of expertise will continue to grow and that creates cloud. The next thing you know, you're the person to go to in your gym and then it becomes the community and then it becomes the town and then in your region and next thing you know, you know, some awesome people ask you to come onto a podcast and you get to share some information, right? And it goes from there. That's how this thing is done and that's the profession of being a trainer. This is my job and I'm going to do it on the side to make some extra cash. You have that level of commitment. For you're like, whatever, whatever you throw at me, I could know I could not know it. I'm going to figure out how to do this the best I can and we'll tackle it together. I love that. Yeah, so keep learning. But yeah, it can get you into a point where you are the specialist or that thing. I love that. Absolutely. You mentioned some different movement patterns. You mentioned him Jay. You know, we're kind of talking about the line. I want you to talk more about this to our viewers about different movement patterns that you feel that people are under utilizing, specifically like older adults. And then give us that example you were talking about with me issues earlier. Yeah. So so basically we look at older adults in three kind of categories, frail elders. And I'm going to put numbers. But again, this is more of a, it's more of a biological thing than it is a chronological thing. So I'll throw numbers on here, but it doesn't mean like, well, you're 70 you belong over here. I'm going to say 70 to 90 ish frail elder can't get up and down off the floor. Can't go up and downstairs. Cannot carry load to and from is a huge fall risk. Okay? So you have kind of a category of people there. And there's going to be a criteria of movement patterns. We want to do specific to them. Then next, you're going to have your, your traditional older adult older adult 50 to 70 somewhere around in there has trouble getting up and down from the stairs up and down off the floor carrying load. But they can do it. There's not great at it. They're moderate fall risk. And then you have like your active aging athletes on those. Your people that are very capable, very able. They're doing great. They still have some limitations. But you can get up and down stairs up and down off the floor. They can carry load. They may be even jump a little bit like they can do some rather dynamic things. They're all going to have different criteria of things that they want to do. Starting pretty simplistic and moving to more dynamic explosive complex sporting based movement patterns. So let's start over here with the frail elders. Okay? You have three movements that you want to do. A hinge, a row, and a carry. That's it. Just start with those three things. Train them for 12 months or 12, 12 weeks, three months. And just get really good at the basic patterns of life. I hinge over to get my shoes. I bring them towards my body. I carry them over to a chair. I hinge and I sit down. That's a loaded carry. I do the same with my purse, with my backpack, with my groceries, with the dog food, with whatever it is. All the stuff that we're doing through life. We're basically taking something from over there and removing it over here. And then we do something with it and we move it back. And we're just doing carries all day long. That is the general locomotion of life built around three movement patterns. So let's train that. I don't need you to do corrective exercises on the floor. I don't need to do cats and dogs and open books about let's just train. Let's just start getting a strong and the three things I know you can do. You can hinge. You can pull things towards you and you can carry some weights. Okay? And it could be three pounds. The fact that you got in here means you can walk. So I can add you carry something and move back and forth. So that's going to be the start for the basics. That's going to progress. We're going to add in splits, which means a lung or a step up or something like that. So we'll get into the older adults by doing that. And some type of overhead action. Something where they're going to raise their arms to overhead, pull over to overhead, press to overhead, throw to overhead. Something that's going to get them where their arms eventually end at 180 degrees or near it over their head. Okay? So hinge carry row. Then we're going to add split stance and overheads. And then after that we're going to get dynamic, explosive, Olympic. Whatever you want to call it, you're going to start doing things that are power based. And for us, it's released drills. We throw things and we'll throw things forward and we'll throw them back and we'll chest pass and we'll slam and we'll toss and we do things in clients love. Because they get them like, oh, yeah, you never get them like, oh, you never get them like, just I'm just going to chuck it. I don't know how to worry about it. I think never get to do that. Everything's always slowing controlled in two seconds and two seconds. I could now I just like, just let it go and you're like, just let it go. And I'm like, yeah, just throw it. You know, just toss it and they're like, sorry. And they're like, oh, yeah, just toss it. I'm like, okay, you see these little old ladies are like, I get to slam this thing on the ground. I'm like, slam it as hard as you want. You sessions free if you break it and they're like, oh, yeah, just do that. You can break the ball. Yeah, it's so fun. It's so fun. You see there's a whole new level and they never get to let go like that. And it's invigorating because now they're seeing like, I don't have to be reserved of all this, but the benefit of that is huge. Because these are the folks we're not going to do depth jumps and bounds and skips and box jumps and barbell Olympic lifts with, but they need to learn how to move their body quick. So if I can teach them to accelerate an implement and then just let go of it and to put it into flight, their body got the acceleration, the preparation of the fall. They got all the phases of movement and they got the benefit of it. They didn't have the negative ramifications of the impact back on the ground. They can just like, oh, so that's a whole thing is what T.O.A. is built on. It's like, where are you? Are you one of these three, right? All of them we're going to do probably a 12 week based strength foundation program to start. Just adaptation phase three months. Let's get you used to moving weights and then we'll start to level this up. And whatever limitations come about, we're going to deal with those as they go. A knee, a hip, a back. Some people are going to have structural, I can talk forever by the way. So what I got of the next question, you just flagged me down. You're going to get to a point though where like I have a client who has a broken nasi joint in his shoulder. He's 84 years, 88 years old, and they're not going to fix it. And so we're going to do the best we can with that joint. But I know I'm not going to be able to put his arm over his head. So it's like, okay, well, we can do bench press and we can do horizontal rows and we can do short flies. And I can do pivot point press to where he can lean out to 100 degrees, but we can't get him to 180. So I'll do the best I can with that joint to make it as functional as I can. But we'll ever fix him now. Not unless he gets shoulder surgery, which they won't do. He's too old to do it. You know? So it's like you're going to have some people. You're not going to be able to fix him. So what's the best answer? Do the best we can. Well, we got some people you're going to get at 80. The ship has sailed. It's so hard down the line. Like you can still see it. Right? Like there's still time to do something. But am I going to fix? You know, their Mr. Burns posture? I'll probably make it a little better before they. But it's, you know, we do the best we can. Oh, we got. And that person could be 40. That person could be 80. It just, you look at that person that's in front of you in the abilities and the intentions of where you can take them. The potentials are huge. Okay? It doesn't matter. You could get somebody at 90 who's never trained a day in their life. And I see someone who's completely green that has massive potential. Right? But they're starting literally at level one. So if they get to a level five out of 10, that's fantastic. But I'll have other people that I'll get to a 10 over 15 or 20 years with them. You know, anyway, I'm rambling at this point. No, it makes perfect sense. I want you to tell these guys what you're talking to me about with the need problem. The athlete that you. Yeah. And you probably started to train posterior chain instead of you bet the extension. Tell us about that. You bet. So the client Linda is our my longest 10 year client with another gal name Ruth. I've been, I've had both of them since 2004. So we're on our 19th year of training. I have, I have 15 clients who've been with me for 15 years or more. They're just like the founding fathers and the founding grandmothers of my program. They've been with me since the beginning. And it's, it's, it's awesome. I trained for four years in Tahoe and then I moved here to Sacramento and they've been with me ever since. So with Linda, there's a shop putter from the 80s named Ulf Timerman. He was from German block back at the time East Germany. And he was a great shopper. He threw 73 feet. He was a very good shopper. Bull out both ACLs in training. And they said, hey, man, I think your career is over with and he goes, why I want to try this different variation of rehab. So they fixed both ACLs. And they said, you're at 80, 20 percent quad dominant athlete. He was so quad dominant because his sport is all pushing. There's no pulling really involved in it. Other than the fact of doing like clean pulls a couple of lifts, everything else was pushing based. So he was so quad dominant and need just couldn't hold together anymore. So he goes, like next 18 months, we're not going to bend yet the knees at all. It's all going to be hinging based. So they hamstring curled them. They did RDLs, they did swings, they did bridges, they did kickstands, they did anything and everything they could to build his butt as hamstrings as calves get the backside of his body strong. Did they ever seek a 50, 50 equality? I don't think so. I'm sure they got semi-close. But the point is is after 18 months of rehab and getting back into the sport. Two or three competitions in he throw 75 feet sets a new world record. Okay. Later broken by Randy Barnes, who had a very similar experience anyway, my throwing history. All of this kind of comes from this athlete and it's like that rain true. Well, if this is working for this elite level athlete, this will work for our regular folks. So you'll see clients as soon as you see them, they're like they're all quad and there's no hamstring no butt and you're like, well that's a Timmerman client and that's what we nicknamed it, all of termin in the shopper. So the Timmerman program is however long you're going to train somebody. We just minimize how much knee flexion they get and we triple how much hip-hinging and hamstring curling we put into their program. And we do that for eight to twelve weeks and then we re-test or re-assess how they're doing. And you'll see that number one knee pain, especially when ascending stairs, goes away within a couple of weeks. So what we thought was crepidus or something else of cracking crunching that actually decreases. So that's not true crepidus. That's gas exchange in your body that'll always be there. If you're a gas individual, the joint you always have crepidus no matter what for the most part. So all of a sudden our clients wouldn't hear as much noise. They wouldn't feel as much pain. Something was being changed in the anatomy of how their knee work to actually improve their quality of function. And that in return improved their quality of life. Because they weren't paying. They were having to take meds all the time. They didn't have to ice their knees and egg and stop doing all the things they like to do. So slowly quality of life in-group, performance improved, eventually we got to a point with Linda who in like 2007 was supposed to have a double knee replacement. We're now in 2023 and she's probably knocking on the door within the next 12 to 18 months of getting those knee replacements. Like we prolonged that surgery 15 years by getting the backside of her body stronger and Ruth has done the same and Tammy has done this like all these clients that I have, Lori and Steve and Pam and all of them almost all of them come in with a knee or a hip injury and it's a very similar thing. You're either hip flexored dominant or quad dominant and it's the same approach of the temperament actions. So I have a webinar it's about 90 minutes and you can tell I like to talk so I ramble a bit and that one too. But I go through the whole Timmerman program. It's on my YouTube feel free to help. I'm going to link that in the description. You can find it absolutely and I go through each movement. Here's all the exercises and reps and sets. I break the whole thing down and in there. So you'll get to see some videos all thrown and some of the ways that he trained. It was very a very inspiring thing to do but it's very fun to put that in with your clients and it's challenging on the programming. You know, because you're like, wow, what if I couldn't bend my clients and these anymore? Well, what would I do with them? You know, what if you couldn't push your upper body? What if they couldn't do that? And it's just like, well, what are we going to do? You got to get creative. They don't want to do seated rows all the time. Let's get creative. So you got to go to the drawing board and that's kind of the beauty of let me teach you some recipes. Let me teach you how to cook. But you make this as fun and as fancy as you want. I heard the cause grapes pitch it that way once. They're like, I'll teach you how to make cookies but you decide you want to chocolate chip. You want vanilla. Do you want cream? Do you a triple decker? I'll show you the basics. You learn about the specific advancements that are special to this person and you build that program to fit their needs. I love that. Yeah, the costume order is what I would call that and we'll make sure to share Robert's social media information here in a few minutes. Guys, he's actually got some really great content. He puts it out regularly and actually this client Linda that he's talking about, he actually posted about her jump the other day and I saw the post and I was like, oh look at her. She had a little belt on her under way. She was pulling this blend backwards and it's out. I was like, look at her go. So that's a big one. The knee drag the the dragging of a sled. Be it whatever kind of sled it is. That was one of the the torque tanks where we have the magnetic tension. But which is awesome because it's always the same tension. But whatever it is, the dragging anotot the dragon anatomy and anotomic application of that movement pattern for ACL and Maniscus injuries is astronomically successful. Like clients that have had debilitating career ending injuries will rehab by doing 15 to 20 minutes of sled dragging before every workout. And that's it for the most part. The work range of motion, other stability stuff. But that's such a successful thing and it's so simple to do. Well, of clients that come in and they'll just back and for hey, for the next five minutes get your knee therapy in and we do this. So there's a very good research to support that out there. It's so simple. Almost every gym you go to nowadays has a sled. And even if you don't you can simulate it by hooking a couple super bands together, hooking onto a post. And as you start dragging backwards, it'll get tighter tighter tighter. But then you get the eccentric control of walking it back, which can be even more beneficial. So drags are hugely successful for knees. Not so much pushes. So if I'm in front of it, pushing forward. It's a different, a different anatomy at the knee. It's the drag that's really successful. So you client you trainers out there with clients with with some ACL or just general knee pain clients. Try dragging them and go easy two minutes every workout for a couple of weeks and then four and six and build them up. But start throwing that in there and see what happens. I think you'll have good success. That's awesome. So I went to get love about you, Robert, is that because you're so research based. And of course, you're involved in research with the NSCA, which I absolutely love that organization. I've seen at my journal of faith in conditioning right here. But because you're so involved in the research much like I am, I read these things cover the cover when they show up. Totally. You are always like at the cutting edge and like always trying new things and learning new things and finding what's most effective. So again, guys following on social media, listening to people like this, get the research learned. Like you said earlier, I do like this is an amazing talk because you're telling me all the things that I always tell everybody every day. I keep learning, but use the ruler. Understand what it means for that person standing in front of you. And how can you apply it for this person instead of, you know, the athlete that they did the research on or whatever. It applies to the average person as well. One more question of that. Yes. The people that author those research articles that you read, they want to talk about that content so badly and hardly anyone ever asked them about it. Yeah. Seriously, the one I was just referring to with the power training with the e-centric and the bilateral string train on that. That's Jonathan Mike. That's a buddy of mine, right? I just call it him up one day and I'm like, hey, can you explain the e-centric training me and like 90 minutes later, I'm like, dude, I'm taking up a lot of your time and he's like, we're only halfway through the research tribe and he just keeps going. And I'm like, my point is, don't be afraid to reach out to these people. Friend them on, if you, if you message me and you're like, I just read your article and I have a few questions, I'm going to answer those questions. If you just read the article, right? I mean, that's, it's a compliment because we want to put this information out. Don't be afraid to ask questions. At the end of presentations, we're like questions, the whole place is completely silent and then one personal raised their hand and then we're off like, be the person that raises their hand. Get in there and get that information. Take advantage of it because we want to talk about it. I love that. Yes, great, great tip. So I have one more question here for you, Robert. Are there any, have you noticed anything that you do differently when you're working with older adult as far as communication, right? From the average client or even working with kids, do you communicate differently with your older clients? Yes, the first thing that comes to mind is the common misconception that you have to like, hello, Jenny. Nice to see you today. Like, they're not deaf and they don't, they're not so gone that they're not going to compute it. So don't be patronizing. That's that's one very important one. If you watch the limitless episode with Chris Hemzworth in the last one, he's an old man and everyone talks to him like that and he's like, this shit's getting old. Like he gets really irritated and quick. Clients are the same way. So my point is it's like just because they're older doesn't mean they're not going to get it. Does everyone speak fitness? If you start talking about MCLs and ACLs and you know, acted in my SNR origin heads in angle, a poll, are they going to be like, I'm lost, bro. Anyone's going to be lost. Okay? So know who you're talking to, know your demographic, but still speak to them just like anyone else. So don't be patronizing. Number one. Number two, this demographic needs to know that you know what you're doing. Okay? If I'm 20 and I go into a gym and I'm like, I want to get jacked, bro. And the guy that I hire is jacked hired. That's all I need to know. Like, if you can do it to you, I think you can do it to me. That's about how we think when we're 20. When you're 65 and you got a jacked up hip and you're like, doctor goes in and maybe you're going to need a hip replacement. You don't want jacked, bro, who doesn't know anything about this. You want someone that's going to come in and be like, I'm 27. I've read every article I can about hip replacements. I know the anatomy. I know the success rates. I know which doctors have been good. I follow them on Instagram. They give me all kinds of advice. I've done too many internships with these two trainers who specialize and working with people with older adults and who who have hip issues themselves. I feel really prepared to help you with your hip injury if you choose me. And they go, all right, this is a young person who takes their job serious and is obsessed with the thing that I've come to them for. That's what I'm saying is you can do that with one person with a hip. And then that guy does really well. And that guy goes, you know, my wife's got a bad shoulder. You were really obsessed about my hip. You think you can help with a shoulder? He's not going to go, he's only a hip guy. I don't think he's going to go, this person's obsessed about what you do. Help me have her with the shoulder and you get the shoulder and then you get her friend and her friend's grandma on the other grandma on the neighbor. Next thing you know, that's in a community of older adults in a retirement community where now you've got hundreds of potential customers and what's better than a walking referral. Right? Every flyer and billboard and anything else. You give it nothing's better than another client going, I go to him and he's fantastic. Okay? Think of restaurants that you go to. You're like, don't eat their food tastes like something. I'm not going there. Right? But you get four people. They're like, that's the best place ever. I love that movie. This all you need is a walking referral. We will trust the people in our group. So when you do that with one customer, we call the reach of three. Their friends, their family, their colleagues. They're going to refer and talk about you to those three people. So if you're the obsessive smart trainer, that's fantastic. Be that one. Be the one that's always got the nose in that blue book whenever you're not training. Right? And learning about what you do and things are going to take off for you. But again, I start to ramble. Point being is, don't patronize them, talk to them about why you're the right person for the job. And even if you're like, I don't know anything about hip replacements. But what I'm going to tell you is, I am going to research obsessively about this and figure out exactly what to do. What's your doctor's name? What's your physical therapist name? What's their phone number? Are you a cool if I interview them? Do I permission to share that I'm going to be training you? Like, get the system going, get in with the team. And now they're like, look, I'm proactive this guy is. He's ready to go. There's no one he's doing yet, but he's going to. I would feel confident with that. Right? I mean, it's part of being a professional, not in that's a career choice, not a job. You got to start thinking about yourself as a career trainer. This is not something you do on the side. It's not something that maybe I'm good at because you, you know, you got a little bit of a passion for it. This, are you in or you out? Right? If you're in, go all in because our field, let me, let me break this down. 380 million people, 280,000 trainers. Okay? That's 360 potential customers for each of us. You guys think we can make it? Do you think you can train 360 people? I mean, the chance, I've got 60 clients. My schedule is full. I think my point is there's so many people that need us. There's so many people looking forward to us, and especially this older population, they are more than willing. The average older adults spend $400 a month on their health and fitness. The average older adult. So that's us. That's us. That's a gym membership in twice a week with me. Right? So I mean, they're there. They've got the money. They got the passion. You need to show you the right person. You'll have the job. And if you do that and you do it well, they're going to be there forever. Okay? The negative part about our job is eventually our clients pass away. And in 23 years, I've lost two and it happened both last year. So I had a pretty good run. I had a 21 year run where I didn't lose anybody. And that's a very rough thing to deal with because you're helping people, again, sorry for the rant, but you're helping people from very low. You help build them up to where they're very high and capable and able. And then they get older and they pass. And you were a part of such a successful time of their life that they would not have been at without you. That it's so rewarding to do this job. Vertical jumps and increase in bench pressure. Great. But from a walker to, I'm going on my vacation to Ireland. I've always wanted to do. That's life changing. Yeah, can't beat it. That's awesome. Really great points. I know he's ever broken down the numbers like that. So I love that you stated that. And like, of course, this is a population you work with. So you know this statistics. So you want more of there? Yeah. Do I want more? Okay, listen to this one. Okay. This one kind of blew my mind a little bit. The average American works until they're 61. Okay. The average older adult dies at 73. So if you retired 61, good math, people better math than me. And then you're going to die 73. How many years does that give you to live? 12. Okay. The last two years of life, or it's such poor quality, you can't get out of bed or do anything you want to do. So now we're down to 10 years of life. There's a year and there of decline health. So now we're down to nine years of life. So you just work for 40 plus years, saves, saves save, all of this stuff to retire to live the golden years for nine years. And in those nine years, are we spending every penny of that? You're like, no, I got to make it into all my hundred. So I'm going to divvy it out a little bit at a time. I'll take a trip every five years. Isn't it? So you get two trips in a decade. Okay. You go to Hawaii, you go to Europe. You get two trips in a decade. And then you start to die. And it's 73. It's over with. These are individuals that do not resistance train. They do not sleep well, do not hydrate well, do not eat well, don't take any type of life prolonging efforts. Less than 14% of our country does that. So we're talking about 52 million people. They're actually trying to live longer. Everybody else, they're going to die in about nine to 12 years after retirement. Wow. And those years and there, how good can they be? They could be amazing. If we maximize them now, they go past 73. And you're like, sky is the limit. They're going to live to 90. And hopefully die doing something awesome. Like mountain climbing or skydiving or something to make it go. It's not. Right. Like that's, I don't want you to be stuck in a bed for two years unable to do anything. That's miserable. That's a terrible way to go. Unfortunately, I've seen that with my family and others. That's where this passion and this energy comes from. I'm like, I get a chance to talk. I'm going to give you everything I can right now. I'm going to throw up all of this on you. I hope it sticks. I hope it helps. I hope you use it. Okay? Because I don't want those folks to get nine years and that's it. I want them to get another 30. Absolutely. Well, everything you just said about it is if you're looking to unawait like for a way to market yourself with this population, you just gave it to them. Are you kidding me? And again, these are just real numbers. It's not just something you made up. This is real information you guys. So if you're looking for a way to market, if you told me that and I wasn't my 50s or 60s and you told me that, I'd be like, excuse me, sign me. Where do I sign? What are we doing? So there was a long Jevity increase of seven to 10 years. Don't quote me on that. But it was almost basically another decade twice a week, 20 minutes of resistance training. That was it. We got 168 hours in a week. And I just took 40 of them. Okay? And gave you seven to 10 years. I have a YouTube video not too long ago. It's most popular when I've ever put up. And it says, if I could tell you how you were going to die, would you change the way that you live? That's the title. And basically, I break down all those numbers. And I'm like, you're going to die between 71 and 73, right? With two years of miserable life before you go, so many whatever percent of the people are going to go like that. So if I could, if I tell you that's going to happen unless you start to do some of these other things, are you going to do well, you could add seven to 10 years with literally 20 minute resistance trainings. We, what if you started walking every day? What if you started cleaning up your diet? What if you slept a little better? What if you drank a little more water and a little less alcohol? What if you were more social and got outside and got some like, what if you started taking all these things that made you want to live longer, you might make it do a hundred, right? Every little bit of this helps. You're chopping down a tree is swinging a time, but all the matter, you know, they're all going to get you to where you're going. What's the intent? We can't rely on medical intervention. That's going to give you two more years. That's what it's been proven to give you. What's the quality of those things? You're not going to be happy yet. They're not going to be quality years. That's, it's the lowest quality. I mean, basically, you can't get out of bed. That's, unfortunately, where my mom is right now. And I was just with her this weekend. Probably why I'm extra fired up about talking to you about it is I don't want that for anyone. Let alone my mother. Absolutely. Absolutely, Robert. Well, again, you're going to be back. I'm telling you guys now, he's going to be back. But can you give our adversaries a little bit more information about what they can find you? We had 10 questions. I answered three of them. No, I'm not exactly that. I can talk to you for hours. No, let's do it. Everything is my name. So just Robert Linkle, Instagram, Robert Linkle, on Facebook, Robert Linkle on YouTube. And then our business training the older adult.com ahead of it or a website and check us out there. We have TAA Paxes coming up. That's our new Frail Elder program. That's going to be coming up this summer. TAA Selectors are primary certification and everything. You'll be able to see it all on there. We've got tons of good stuff. Perfect. Well, I'll make sure to add those things to our description for this episode. Everybody can find them very, very easily. Robert, thank you again for joining us. And like I said, you'll be back. Because I wouldn't know about all this equipment behind you. I have questions about exercise. I have so many questions for you. So I'm going to have you back very, very soon, guys. So keep an eye out. But thank you for joining me today, Robert. I pleasure. Thank you. Thank you, everyone. Absolutely. Yes, and thank you guys for watching. We'll be talking to you soon.

=== FILE: ISSA Talk w⧸Robert Linkul： Training the Older Adult- Equipment and Training Tips [UqOF16b54DM].txt ===

at a low everyone and welcome back for another I. S. S. A. Talk. I promised you guys. I would have Robert Lee go back and he is back. I'm so excited to have you back with this Robert. Welcome. And thank you very much for having me happy to be here. Show me your voice today. We're going to know I'm so excited so we've talked a little bit with Robert about training the older adult which is when he he has basis career in his business around but today Robert before we died then though I want you to remind everybody who you are how you got in the training and what it is that you do. Absolutely so training the older adult.com that's our gym here my wife and Ikeegan started T.O.A. in 2016 was our first course that we offered and it's just kind of grown from there so half of our business we do training other trainers on how to work with older pops. We kept getting emails of how do we do it and what do we do and how do we not hurt them and we just kept answering that over and over again and we said hey why don't we when we make a course one of what guys I was actually mentoring was like you guys should make a course that same individual two years later said you guys should do an affiliate program I want to be T.O.A. in that's T.O.A. Portland Texas that's why he's on our shirt it was number one anyhow so that's half our business and the other half is in house training and online training for our clients which have about that's 60 clients that I work with and those clients on average it's been like 14 years each one of them I've had a long tenure group that had been with me a long time so we do that also on the board with the National Strengthing Aditioning Association the NSEA on the personal training representative there and been a regional coordinator a state director state provisional director chair for the personal training committee 15 plus years of volunteer work with them running conferences and events and stuff all over the world so spoken in Ireland, Iceland, Canada all over the US I speak virtually every day somebody in present and do podcasts like this all about education so super excited to be here and to share with all of you last time we got to talk a lot about different strategies and programming and we jumped all over it was really fun and kind of made a joke and passing and like I should show you some of the equipment sometime and you're like I'll take you up on that. Let's do it. You're right are. Yeah so I know I probably got social media and you do highlight a lot of the different equipment that you use you highlight a lot of your clients which is awesome so let's get to it rubber I want you to share with us some of your favorite equipment that you have in your studio and some different things that you can do with them. You bet so first of all there are there are some pieces that you're going to see and I'm going to be like they're expensive and then there's some ones that we were talking about a pulley system that costs like $45.50. So I'm going to show you stuff across the board. Some of them were expensive items we saved for months for the this guy for the K Boxer here that was like a year of me saving to get up to be able to you know purchase one of those so these are these are one toys some of them there're definitely some that are need toys but there's some that are one toys as well and the reason that we get them specifically is for either us an individual or a need that we are not able to achieve due to regular equipment that we have and the first one the big one I'll start with the tank right over my shoulder here the torque M1 tank this piece of equipment we I was working with some individuals that were using walkers and canes and I couldn't find a way to connect the dots on how can I do the string training work in this room that would make them better at creating a longer gate without actually being able to take a longer gate like we we kept getting stuck in a position where they couldn't quite take that step without support and I'm like if we had a way to do the walker but and not have them fall over but make it really hard where they had to be athletic and push it like that would be perfect and a couple of days later I was watching a video with Dustin Porea you have see fighter and Brian Shaw one of the world's strongman who both just happened to live in Colorado and Brian had a tank and he and Dustin were pushing it back and forth and I was like look at this thing that's really cool I wish they would make one for like regular people and so when I looked it up there was this guy which which is like the home use version of it so when you take a look at this as opposed to most sleds or or prowlers this will only go forward and back and it will only go with certain speed so right now it's on number three and if I try to like over push it it won't go any faster than what you just saw so I can either drag and barely move it or I can sprint as hard as I can like that but that was top speed but that was level three so if I go to a level two and there's tension on the way back if I go to a level two it'll go a little faster and then if I go to a level one or all the way down to neutral now neutral it just rolls it'll just go right and I can push and put as much weight on there as I want so what I love about this is with my clients and we may have them that walk you know the small Mr. Burns style of walking or type of walking where are we going to be able to take them in a regular weight room and work on like true hip extension not where just extended to neutral to standing but work through this like athletic turnover drive that I would see if someone were sprinting running uphill going up flights of stairs that's about it like that's the only time I would see somebody in this position of of that ability and it's like well I'm not going to do any of those with these folks so this became the missing piece I'm like we've got to get we've got to get one of these they were I think like eight or nine hundred dollars at the time this one's two years old they have a brand new one that now has a higher bar amounts that you can put dumbbells on each end it still has the toe strap connection at the front I believe there's another gear so there's four years now there's a box that tells you like electronically how far you've gone your tension your speed you can record it all in the handles these guys just pop up when you go to grab them the handles now I believe have a turn in lock so you can pick the sled up from the back end because right now like people try to turn it if it's not perfectly straight when you go to turn it the handles is pop off yeah so that's a little bit of annoying part of it is you have to kind of tilt it back and you do it but the the key component was having stability but athleticism in a controlled speed where it wouldn't run away from them and our older pot like they just as soon every time they're here they do this every single time no matter what and every time they seem to get a little bit better a little bit better because they're now able to practice these longer strides these longer gate variations but not feel like they're going to fall over and then I start with like a level one with hardly any weight on it it's you know 60 pounds of pressure and then I can make it a hundred pounds and I can make it 150 so when they get up to the point where it's 225 like it is now to be able to push this and then when they go to walk away they're like oh well I can take like these regular big striding steps because they've trained their body to be strong enough to do so which has been a big big part of our business now there are other ways to kind of simulate this you can kind of simulate that with with bands like NT loops work really well for that you could put an NT loop around somebody's waist and then have them push a prowler or any other sled a lawn buoy anything else and then you can kind of control the support with the band behind them so as they're pushing you're kind of walking holding the band almost to the point where it's like it's controlling their tempo and if they start to get out of control or over push it you can basically just pull them back up and stop them so that's one way to do it or we've seen people it'll take like a regular prowler or a lawn buoy and put bands around the bars and then hook them to a squat rack and then when you go to push it out the bands get tighter tighter tighter and then the bands pull it back right so you can basically go drive drive drive drive drive and then down climb as it goes back drive drive drive down climb as it goes back but it's going to increase in tension so it can't get away from the miter it doesn't get harder but it's still good tension so if you don't have you know seven eight hundred dollars doing best in one of these there's a way to do it if you have a current sled next I'll go to these ones so this is the power block adjustable kettlebell and what I love about it travel-wise it's great because you have three different kettlebells built into one four different kettlebells built into one so this is eight kilos as it is by itself here and then I've got three different weights in here I can adjust it to 10 kilos 12 kilos or 16 kilos so if I do 12 kilos and I take that out there's the extra well cool the original design of this was terrible I don't know who originally designed it but they sold it to a power block power block made it metal instead of plastic and they laser cut the inside and they magnetized the pin so when you go to push it in there it pulls it in and it locks it and it's a great design so if you don't want all these kettlebells behind you on a shelf if you're a one on one trainer or you just have a smaller space this is a great option right so this one goes eight ten twelve sixteen kilos and then big daddy over there goes sixteen twenty twenty four and twenty eight kilos so you have four built into that one as well it's steel and you can't drop it right and if we're gonna throw stuff that's where we go to this guy so this is the go rock sand kettlebell and what I like most about these is you can do this and it's not gonna damage it or hurt it so our clients can throw them they can pick them up and drop them we'll do a lot of like clean pull or high pulls and just let them get dynamic and explosive and drive it up flop it back on the ground but not really designed necessarily to be slammed so I wouldn't start you know yeah smash them on the ground but they're definitely durable enough for you to toss them throw them they use them at the crossfit games they've used them in strongman competitions where they're throwing you know up and over big cross height cross bars like pull bolt bars and such are clients really like them too because that's twenty six pounds twelve kilos and this is a regular twelve kilo twenty six pound kettlebell and you can see my height difference there of where I'm gonna pull from off the floor I'm about four five inches higher so if I'm you know seventy two year old bad back fake hips and getting all the way down here I have to round my back to get to it with these guys I can stay much higher and I can pick up and do my dead list from there so very fun for different pickups different variations with that one and then our pulley this guy here let me show you one that's unattached you know I'll show you these guys too I got all kinds of stuff in here so this is a angle's ninety pulley and I'll show you the angle ninety grips here in just a moment so most of these pullies have a metal piece right here and I wouldn't suggest putting a a 550 cordage of any kind of rope into a metal pulley because it's going to wear away and eventually splinter and it'll break while you're rowing on it well angle ninety made a plastic hard composite pulley on the inside so it won't rub the the material of the rope onto the metal the plastic actually means it really really well so this particular pulley same one that I have up there works really well for wherever you want to perform any pulls it's easy to click in I've got mine hooked in to just a regular little eye hook up here and then the angle ninety handles we'll talk about the ergonomics of those in a moment the 550 cordage I can cut and make basically adjust to whatever height works just right for me so right before we went on I was telling you I like to do kneeling pull downs I like to do these guys a lot and so the regular cable pulley is so long that the handles are right here so for me to do a pull down I have to back way up I have to lean all the way over so I just got my own cordage and connected it on there and I can cut it and make it and adjust it to whatever height that I want from there pretty well so those are rather inexpensive and then let me show you again not I don't I should have said this at the beginning I don't have any financial connections to any of these companies that's ever just like this stuff yeah of course you're you're gonna plug this one you get some money from them I don't I have a couple little discount codes that they give us because they like us and we share a lot so here's a regular handle okay and that's most of us see in the gems where we're at the same distance same width all the way through for clients with arthritis hanging on to something in many cases that is either too big or too small for their grip can really be problematic so I started looking for other grips I found these guys and if you notice the angle 90 handle it's batter in the middle and then it's tapered at the end and so when a client grabs onto that to row they basically have something that fills up their palm but their fingers can taper in smaller around their thumb their pinky and when they go to row this guy it's got a curve to it as well that's a lot more comfortable for the arthritis can this company design this initially Simon and the company their Italian the design this for athletic performance he wanted people to be able to do rotational pull-ups and do dead-lifts and all that and they were great for that but our clients have found the arthritic component of having such a comfortable curve for them to really be specifically more comfortable for them all of our clients we have again almost 60 and I would guess that 55 of them have their own pair of these at home I don't know just yeah they'll just hook them up like right to the bands you know they all have bands like this at home so they'll just get a carabiner and they click right into that and they can do their rows with a comfortable handle on rather than just grabbing the band or using any other kind of general one so we love those handles yeah angles are great um this guy is called an am core system I think they call it anchor when I talk to the CEO he just called an anchor but I call it an core because I want to make sure there's a difference where people I understand it's not an anchor system it's an an core system so it's a ncore and basically these are if for a lack of a better explanation like little many flywheels these two gentlemen both had elbow injuries and they were both I think like triple a baseball players and they met each other in a rehab center and they were using bands and doing all of this and they're like we need something that's heavier but as we move further away it'll actually progress in tension but it's heavier and more consistent than a band is and that they could you get scale in way and so they got with a buddy of theirs who's an engineer and they started building this and basically these guys they just twist and unlock and so you can go I want 10 pounds of pressure no no I want 20 pounds and want 30 pounds and they all just interlock in this little web and there's a big loaded spray on the inside so you can load up as many of these as you want up to like a hundred and 20 pounds but you can see like I could take all of them off one side and I can still row it doesn't matter where I have them set up I've got a tension of row and then this guy on belt rose here you can hear the belt row right I can undo that and adjust it to whatever height I'll put it on a bench and then you sit the stands with a belt so our clients will sit up against it we can hook it onto the tank put a block on it and anchor it and do rows from there pretty it's a pretty well design piece of equipment it's super super durable I've put thousands of reps through it and the tension has not changed which is usually the case with a lot of these once you get a couple hundred reps in there everything starts loosening up and so that is tight or it's didn't anymore so that's been a key component for us it's like if I'm going to invest in this which again this is kind of a higher price ticket item I want to say 450 is the smaller version all the way up to like eight or nine hundred depending on how many of these guys you get and they have like a whole unit that you can pull the pin and the whole thing will adjust and slide up and down rather than having to velcro and unvillacrow it you know that kind of thing so this guy pretty cool in terms of that like eccentric constant tension kind of pulling back I don't want to say flywheel because this is a flywheel but it's pretty close to a flywheel as best you can without it being a flywheel and that brings us to the flywheel so the this is the original design of the first flywheels for squatting I'm going to show you with just like a little bicep curl here but the the belt squat I believe was the first design of this this one is from a company called eccentric exx and they are out of Sweden and I'm a bit of a geek and a bit of a door when I come to this stuff where I'm I kind of obsess a little bit over where and how and what they do you have up here so everybody can see me a little bit better there you go so this whole little unit it weighs about 45 pounds and the idea of the flywheel is if I can create momentum that spins this wheel okay this is like a two kilos so four and a half pounds it's going to spin this four and a half pounds you know like four and a half pounds that's no big deal this will create hundreds of pounds of pressure as fast as I can spin it so think of like a kid back in the day they had those little wooden like tops and you go straight around it and you pull the string and flick it and it would spin spins bend right now imagine if that was secured in space and the string didn't come off so if you pull it and create a momentum and it kept spinning eventually it would top out and it would re-wheel it would like reel in the handle right so that's kind of the design of the flywheel is if I'm going to pull and create this momentum that momentum is going to go to the wheel and it's going to pull back and so if you're not ready it'll just rip out of your hands and it'll it'll take off so it's like a concentric pull with an eccentric deceleration so it's not isokanetic because there's movement and there's movement in both directions under tension so it's this dynamic concentric, eccentric, controlled, contraption and the really cool part is if you're going to do eccentric trained focus lifting typically you need a lot of load more like 110 or 120% of what you actually lift like on a bench press right if I can bench press 100 I'd put 120 on there and I would do the down really slow and then my buddy would help me lift it up and then I do the down really slow I can create that much tension with this and get way more work into it so I'm going to pull and create 60 pounds of pressure and because I created it ideally if I know how to do with it I can slow it down it can never be too heavy for me because I'm the one creating the momentum of it that's kind of the beauty of it or people like oh this might be too heavy and won't be because you're the one that's creating the momentum if you created it you can decelerate it and you can stop okay all right so enough talking all right so you adjust the the height of the strap there's a little press release button then I'm pressing here that releases the strap and then when you're ready to grow go you just give it a little pre-wined and as that comes down now I can start my curl and you see the wheel start to spin into a concentric eccentric a concentric and he's centric and so I have this constant tension of the wheel pulling me back down and needs a little oil a little squeaky right as we go and you see the momentum of it spin in this guy down here so I could go waist slower if I wanted to if I'm just like oh it's a little too much for me I could kind of slow down a little bit and just take my time and go all right I'm going to control this eccentric and there's only you know 15 20 pounds of pressure right there or I could really give it a heave and that thing's going to pull him really make work every time I get after it that's a little much change because you want yeah it's one of my favorite devices and I'll tell you it works exceptionally well like we'll do every Monday my big leg day so I did think a hundred and I did seven sets of 20 on this guy via Beltsquad this morning it was just smoked when we got done I was so toast because it's unforgiving and if you go like as aggressively as dynamically as you can the amount of momentum that you create on this is very very great you have to deselerate it and then change the direction is the part that's really hard it has changed the momentum to come and when you get the feel of it you get the rhythm you get the technique down and it's hard but it's exactly what we want so this particular device I was kind of shopping around because one of my other clients had a hip replacement recently we were having a hard time getting her hip to bite to engage and work through a full range of motion it would kind of shut off like halfway down she bit older she's in her in mid 80s and so I'm like I'm going to find something that will allow her to basically create and like accelerate as she comes up and then she's got to do something with that momentum and I came across this video guy with this and I was like okay that looks pretty cool I looked at the price and I was like oh no I get that thing that's way too expensive and then I started having the same issue with my hip and I went okay because I've had both my hips replaced and we talked about last time like all right so maybe it wouldn't just be for my client maybe would be for me too and since we've got it it's like 80% for me. I used a lot with the clients but I use it almost daily so yeah this guy this unit by itself it comes with two different plates that handle a belt a pair of ankle cuts, ankle cuffs, a handle this handle I showed you earlier and a replacement strap and a little ramp for the back foot so you can do kickstands and such and that was $2,000 that's the biggest ticket price item I've ever purchased. If you just get the platform in the wheel I think it's like 1200 but I got a bunch of toys to go with it so my point in showing you all that is some as little as you know $4 rope with a $45 pulley right all the way up to $2,000 flywheel there's all kinds of different options different ways and all of this is just I'm looking at people and I'm trying to solve a problem and I'm like why would a cable pulley? Why would why would this rope pulley be different than if I just got a cable stack in here? Well this guy number one is portable and I can move it wherever I want. I can adjust my loads so you can put a kettlebell and or there's a little net there's a little net basket that goes in there and you can put a bunch of weights in or take them out but I can also hook bands to that which I can't do all that well with a plate stack sometimes so now as I'm pulling it with 35 pounds on there but in additional 20 pound band it's going to go 35 45 55 65 pounds of pressure and then come back down or something like that right like you would be able to accommodate resistance onto that but with a stack machine and maybe more of an issue then not adjustable I could move it around and the gym I've got multiple eye hooks all over just works a little more efficiently for me in this space but I could go around the room and go through all that. You look at something that takes up a lot of space or has a big footprint probably the biggest one we have is the skeer most people can see it here at that concept to the one we're there. That's a concept to skeer right there right and for that it's like most of my clients have back in hip issues so a regular rower wasn't all that efficient and the standing skeer that cross-country motion works great it tracksions the back displaces the hips good upper body action and most of our clients can do more upper body cardio than lower cardio at at this older age so that was kind of a no-brainer for us but we use it so much it's there's such a commitment to the the action that it earned that you know three by four foot little space over there it's worth it for me to have it in there other things I can adjust and move around. Oh I forgot to show you the ramp. Yeah I don't know about the list. Yeah so this is I'm gonna trademark this I don't know what we're gonna call it there's a couple of two by four's underneath there and we thought about calling it the fit by four so maybe something like that. All right so we have a client who who doesn't Mr. Burns walk right can't take these big steps every time they try to step forward they get unlawful and we're working with the tank maybe we don't have a tank and it's like how could I get them to take this longer bigger step but not have a regular step if this is too difficult how can I make this easier okay just a regular two and a half or three foot step. Well if I brought the floor up to them not just higher but I put it back at a ramp we're actually pushes them back to where they came they could practice the depth of the step then I could add load to it and they could start to develop an overload working at an easier angle and push themselves back to when I take the load away and I put it to a harder angle could I overload and over-trained them to be able to do that and we have done that successfully like 10 different people so it works anecdotally very well I don't have any research to you know spout off about so well of clients it will start here and basically just take a step on the ramp and push off take a stamp on the ramp and push off and then they can start working a little higher and then they can start going a little deeper and that's pretty easy I would guess about 30 or 40% easier than doing one on the floor okay so we're gonna adjust that high easier by going up more fit by force or we make it a little harder by going down and then we'll start to give them weights to hold on to while they do this and it could be as simple as like a one foot step like they're literally only taking a 12 inch step but it's an easier step it's a vertical step not super high but it is a vertical step and so you know grandma grandpa great grandma great grandpa anyone who's starting to get to a point where we're looking at him going you're becoming a fall rest is standing there let alone trying to walk about we don't want you to be dependent on your walker or your cane that might be something that you use but you're not dependent on it and we'll have folks that will use their walker to get in here but once they're in here we're training they're walking around they're capable they just use the walker as like a safety device I want to get them to the point where they're like I don't need this thing I feel really confident what I'm doing so teaching them the split squat or step up or any of that we're so far away from that you know that steps 5 6 7 where steps 1 2 and 3 okay walking gate is tiny a lunge step to the floor is huge what what do I do in between that so we got going on this ramp here kind of by accident one I had that board out and we were using it a little I'll break the fourth wall here for you that means I'll give you an insight look this is a converted garage so in every garage there's a little runoff on the floor there's a little taper to the gym so if you look at the black baseball behind me you see how it's bigger over here oh yeah it's really small it's really small right there right so the whole room tapers that way and it goes downhill just a little bit but if I stand perfectly straight my left hip is off by like a quarter of an inch so I got that board and I put a quarter inch piece of rubber under one end so when we would do our Olympic lesser deadless we would pull off a level platform so we would just stand up that one day I had a client in here and it kept I kept getting stuff in the way so I just took that piece of wood and I laid it against the the rack back here and it was that a little bit of an angle and I had them start throwing a ball against it to do some reaction and as we were doing that I was watching them kind of walk around and I'm like I really need him to like if he could walk uphill that'd be a lot easier and I saw the ramp and I'm like let's let's just try it let me just try having him lunge against it and he did like a full need of the floor lunge it's like 80 year old guy and I'm like what happened right like this blew my mind in a moment like this guy he could barely even walk and then he did this and I'm like all right we're on to something so since then we've used all kinds of different stuff we got butcher blocks so it's a much thicker, more stable board it's a little prettier right and what we use and it's a great piece all of our T.O.A. affiliates they've all assembled in built ramps and they all have them in their jims and they help out quite a bit so there's a little behind the scenes look inside the gym other than that I've got dumbbells over here these are regular dumbbells down here these are two and a half all the way up to 15s and then these are fat bells center mass bells which means your hands in the center of the weight which is really really good for people that have wrist or hand issues, arthritic issues, and rapethes anything like that center mass bells or fat bells there are two companies sore necks and rogue they're the only two that make them and apparently I think is named Donnie Thompson and Bert Sorin were roommates or something and they thought of this thing together and they both have like napkins with drawings on it saying that they created it and so they're the only two that are allowed to create them so it's either center mass bell, sore necks or fat bell, rogue so these are fat bells I love Bert but I everything in here is rogue so I stuck with them and then we have regular kettlebells or on this side these are the torque little plow boxes I have 12 and 18s this is a 14 inch wall mounted monster light wall rack from rogue I love that rack we hardly use it at all to bench or bench press out of or backsplot out of it's a huge anchor system basically for us to hook everything up to I think that's about it I got a Swiss bar we used Swiss bar over here when we do bench press couple of mats on the wall different handles and adjustments a glute roller oh let me show you these two so these are very sophisticated very high tag walking sticks these guys were great so they are like $40 walking sticks right so these are fantastic for our clients too that if if I'm gonna try to do a split squad and I just grab on to a chair or bench or some fixed object my ability to try to independently support myself in space basically goes away because I was like I can't balance I can't balance completely balanced as soon as I put my hand on the wall completely balanced there's nothing for me to worry about anymore so what's in between hand on the wall and not hand on the wall we thought something that they could brace with but it was still independent to move over so it's even half an hour so we'll just use a regular hiking stick and let them kind of do some split swaths and help and then eventually we go hey why don't you just kind of hold it right and then eventually why don't you not have it touch the floor at all or if they're doing walking lunges they'll hang onto these and every step they take like if they go to lose balance they can correct with it but then kind of continue on and not use to the best of their abilities so fancy toys not so fancy toys they all work everything has a purpose everything in here serves a purpose nothing collects dust other than my barbells those are strictly for show we know a barbell work zero zero barbell work even with landmines we don't do we don't do those at all I think that's it yeah I love that a lot of the super billets and it runs the range of stars price but a lot of it's pretty darn simple pretty nice and I love that it's portable we get at all the time so we ask you on Facebook today they want to start like traveling to their clients they were like what kind of things should I have I listed off some of the stuff I have in my garage but I don't have like a pulley again easy as long as you have somewhere to anchor from right into the right size or right length according to go with it some of these bells that are super heavy are a great idea even the torque tank looks like it's something probably looks heavy but it's something that you could still pick up and take with you oh yeah we have our full sum affiliate he goes in travels to two different clients their homes and he brings his in his truck it's about 65 pounds assembled but you can pull a big abol thing and put it in there yeah it's not too bad at all I think for most most people are going to have some place outside their home where they can loop a strap from a high anchor if you can do that pull these are fantastic if you can't do that a door anchor with bands are even better bands got us through the pandemic bands can do some very good work but bands are also not allowing you to maximize tension throughout the full range of motion only at its deepest range so it's always going to get lighter or harder lighter harder where 20 pounds is 20 pounds so I think they both have their place but if you have the opportunity to be able to put up a pulley somewhere I think that'd be great a lot of our traveling trainers will use loop strap like a cm along right that will you can basically tether and you cinch it up and then there's a loop strap out of that and you can just hook up a carebiner and then you're good but it'll be a loop on like on their deck or their shingle hangoffs you know that the little main support beams that stick out you throw a cm along like you would use in your truck right to like cinch up stuff and or toe another vehicle those are those are called cm so you throw one of those on there cinch it up and you're good to go those are geared for 5,000 pounds whatever you could dangle from it you and your client could both swing and it would just fine right like that would be completely fine those things are very very safe they're tested it it's super high tension to say with the 540 it's not 550 pounds that's just the name of the tension and the and the 10 cities in there it's like 2500 pounds of pressure like those things aren't breaking less they're rubbing against something else very very durable good pieces of equipment I'm all for paying for quality I've got a shed outside full of junk equipment that I thought was going to be good and it wasn't and so I just don't talk about those I'm not a big fan of like smashing or punching down at something that's not good but I will definitely promote in high light stuff that is great and well that stuff that's great it's all in this room right now so yeah when someone like you you're like can you show us the toys I'm like hell yeah I can show you the bunch out there though that are not good so if you're not seen in the peer here either I don't know about it and I haven't got to try it out or it's not so good yeah and I would trust your experience like with that only your time trading people but with what you do with NSCA like you have some experience you you're not a product there's there's a device out there I won't say the name of it but I'll just kind of give you an idea of what it is okay which I thought was genius I was like all this would be great okay it's a bar and at each end it has an attachment point where you could hook dumbbells or kettlebells to it and I thought okay I could take a 16 kilo kettlebell and a 16 kilo kettlebell hooked this bar to it and I could do deadlifts right with my clients or something along those lines I could hook two 15 pound dumbbells and I could clean and press it or whatever I went by one to have like an adjustable barbell I would I would have one so I invested in this it was decent amount of money more than $100 and it was absolute junk plastic it was the most like if I asked a fifth grader to create something that's what I was like never seeing such a good idea performed and created so poorly because that could have that could have been a masterful piece of equipment for me to use in here how great would that have been you don't need a barbell I get his hook other weights to it and adjust my like that would have been great you know for those that have kettlebells and dumbbells and don't want to buy bars and plates and man I would have promoted the hell out of that thing but it was garbage so it's sitting out there yeah collecting dust and not being talked about and there's quite a few things like that that are out there the the one thing I haven't tried it may be somebody else has and they can comment on here I'm not a huge fan of elevating heels when you squat sure I know that's the baitable topic right now but there's a kit out there that has a 15 a 30 and a 45 degree angle wedge block series that it all like folds together into a box it looks really cool and I'm like oh it's portable it's mobile I'm thinking like this but smaller right I could put this against the wall and have a 30 degree ramp to step on because it's fairly you know they're fairly big like big enough to put a foot on yeah and I thought okay rear leg elevated kick stands rear leg elevated Bulgarian split squats etc I'm like I think that could be a pretty cool piece so that's one I'm gonna be investing in here shortly I think I'm gonna get a pair of those in here and see see where we go um I think else that I've been looking at recently D-blocks have you heard a D-blocks maybe D-blocks is either a 12 by 12 or 12 by 16 inch block that's two inches high and you can stack them on top of each other and make whatever height you want they were designed for Olympic lifters to be able to put a two inch bumper block under their bar and when they would do a clean pole instead of pulling it from you know nine inches off the floor it would be eleven inches off the floor so they could pull from different heights but they were super durable you could drop thousands of pounds on these things and they wouldn't break they're so good and they're so popular the U.S. Olympic training center got rid of all their squat racks and they just have thousands of D-blocks and everyone builds their own heights that they want so it's like if you're six put your six put and you want a 54 inch rack to squat out of they're like oh you need 23 blocks on each side and so you just stack them up and put a bar on there and it would be the height you want and you could do heave jerks from that or if you want a backsquat you would take it out from there and squat so these D-blocks have a last block you can put on this flat shelf and you could step up you could do sit-to-stands you could lay on a new bench press like it's a pretty durable adjustable piece of equipment but they're like $80 for a pair of them so it really expensive to buy 20 of you right so it's like you I buy play-o boxes and then buy D-box or do I use the D-blocks as my play-o box right like you want to buy stuff that's gonna have a footprint but have multiple uses like nothing in here has just a single use with exception of probably the skewer like that's all we do on a diskier. Everything else I could use it and move it, rearrange it, attach to it even the racks the racks here that hold the weights at the bottom of the racks right there is an anchor and right there is an anchor and I can hook bands to those and my clients can do high poles or rows or so we'll even use the racks as an anchor point to hook stuff too. It's the either mobile trainer philosophy or small gym trainer philosophy whatever you're buying and investing in investing good high quality stuff that has multiple purposes and can be stored vertically. Those are the three rules or strategies that would give you nobody likes stuff stacking up on the floor so get stuff you can stack yeah you can store vertically it always makes the room look bigger and cleaner and safer and you don't have a bunch of stuff on the ground people are gonna trip on. Yes so in clothing that was one thing I was gonna say to you I love that you have actual racks and those that look like pretty straight racks like you said the anchors on them so guys invest in the storage for empty equipment that you have not only is it gonna keep the equipment longer or you but like you set it keeps your space clean it keeps people safe keeps you looking getting injured, chipping over stuff right and climb over stuff I'm working on organizing my garage and working on it but yeah the racks are they can be expensive depending on what's what you get. Yeah absolutely and you start off with people see this and like Rob I can't afford all this stuff and I'm like I couldn't either when I started you started with that this rack with dumbbells on it and then I have these four kettlebells right here that's all I had that was it in this room and you can go back to the start of the pandemic like we had this wall we just put up and we didn't have the rack yet we just have those two sets of weights and that was it then we got the racks came in then I got the wall mounted rack a week or two later and then like a month later we bought a couple more kettlebells and two months later we bought the skier again and a couple months and so you just get the stuff that you need then you can start investing in the stuff that you want just make a list and Alan Cosgrove was my is is my business coach was my business coach especially when I first started out we did a ton of stuff with him like 2008 to 2012 I went to almost all of his business courses they're fantastic I didn't know what gross total income was I didn't know what a net total income was I didn't know what ROI meant I didn't there were so many things that I didn't know going to school to be a canese grad you didn't learn a lot about business so I'm like I need somebody to teach me this so going to him he taught me a lot there's a lot of business coaches I'm just saying he's a good one and one of the things he talked about a lot is with the equipment you could take one client and be like every time Jenny comes in when she pays me that money goes into the equipment jar right and then when Rob comes in that goes into my vacation jar and then when Alexa comes in that goes to my education jar and then all the rest is for running the gym paying me doing all the other stuff but those three jars get filled up and I literally had envelopes with all those things written on it and they were taped to the back of my front door so when people came in the door open they would never see I was worried I was college student and poor and not in a great neighborhood so I'm like where would they never look they won't look behind the door they just came in right so I taped them to the back of the door and every time that client would come in I just take that fifty dollars and slide it in there and slide it in there and I had the next piece of equipment yeah then I wanted and when I hit $200 I took the 200 bucks put in the bank bought that piece of equipment and I just every time whatever was next I put the number all this one's going to be 350 for this you know pulley system that I wanted and so I'd save up and then get 350 I'd scratch that off go to positive and make that purchase and I just did that over and over and over again still do it today I just I don't I don't use envelopes so use a safe yeah yeah so it's been good yes well thank you so much for sharing that's the great business because you're right you're always enjoying we will definitely have you back you know I think I'm gonna put out a little survey and ask everybody to put in the comments on this video what else you want to hear about from Robert too um because we'll definitely have a back he's a wealth of information for you guys I can talk we can go into programming we can talk business we can talk marketing we talk referrals we can talk injuries physical limitations we talk about future and goals and retired I I have no problem talking we can talk a lot of it well I think there next topic should be programming because that is something we got a lot of questions on that something that a lot of people it takes longer than you can do that it maybe that'll be our next topic Robert I think you just figured it out that's what we got all right guys but comment away let us know what you want to hear from but thank you again Robert so much for trying to help us this is an amazing thank you and thank you guys for watching and of course sounds like we're going to be talking about the programming and coming up soon it's okay but I hope for the next episode we'll be talking to you guys soon

=== FILE: ISSA Talk w⧸Shannon FabIe： Techniques For Building Your Fitness Business Efficiently (Part 1) [IsaUgrZzGZ8].txt ===

Welcome back to Re-Win for another ISSA talks episode. I have with us a phenomenal guest with Shannon, Fable, hi Shannon, how are you? How are you doing? How about you, Jenny? I'm good. Thank you so much for joining us. You had the best podcast episode that that's a couple weeks ago. I'm super excited to have you back on. But guys, this guest, she has so much knowledge about how you guys can improve your business, your productivity, all these things about what you're doing as a personal trainer and fitness professional. But Shannon, for those people who aren't familiar with you, I did put your biography in the description for our episodes. I'm ready. Please check that out. It's a good one. But I hear you're a little bit of sest with productivity. Tell us about that Shannon. Hi, I am. Yeah, I've been in the industry for 25 and my career has taken some wild twists and turns. But along the way, as I got more into the business side of this industry, I became a productivity nerd. Like I really wanted to figure out initially, and I want to make sure I put an astray next to it because it's not working talk that today. Initially, it was how do I get more done in less time? It really was the hustle mindset. So I would consume every single book out there about productivity. I read every article about tips I download every app. And somewhere along the way, I realized that all that stuff is like two, three, four steps further down the path. And when you try to do it without addressing the real issue, which is how do I increase my impact and keep my business moving forward? While honoring my current commitments and constraints to avoid burnout and overwhelm, then it doesn't work. So I know, I'm not going to say quickly, shift in my focus. It took me a long time to arrive at that was really the answer or the solving that most people needed to do. So I shifted my focus about three or four years ago to figure out how to do it and not do it all. I don't think you can do it all. But how do you again, you know, increase your impact while sidestepping overwhelm and burnout? So giving the right things done at the right time for the right reasons is what it's all about. Absolutely. And what you just said, Shannon, like anybody who's a trainer out there at any capacity, any level, any facility that you're working in, but you just said resonates. Because we all want to do more right, but there's only so many hours in the day and we're only one person, how do we do that? So in working with fitness professionals for these last couple of years, like many, many years, what do you think is the biggest thing holding people back from growing their business? Is it that productivity piece? Yeah, you don't know anything in a caught productivity. I think there's two things. And it's funny we're talking about this over the Thanksgiving break with family. Like, one, you have to start with an exit strategy. And that sounds so bizarre. And I've done this workshop in million times at conferences and there's always so many audience that's like, well, that's so negative. I mean, no, that's real. You're not going to do this forever. And if you don't think, and what I mean by you're not going to do this forever, you are not, if you're a trainer right now, training 25 hours a week, making this much money in this way at this club, this isn't going to last forever. You may be still involved in health and wellness, but that has to evolve as you evolve and as the industry evolves. And thinking anything different is actually a little bit pompous. So I'm always just suggesting, like, you have to think down the path. You're also not always going to be single with no kids and no responsibility, right? Like, our lives change a ton over the course of our careers. So not that we can predict the future, but you do have to think farther out than the next year, two or three years where we're just consistently trying to get more clients and make more money. Like, where are we headed? Do we always want to be working in this environment? Do we want to explore other ways to be an health and wellness? So I'm going to put that aside because not what we're talking about today, but if you really do start to think about an exit strategy, you get a little bit more clear about what kind of impact you're wanting to make. An impact can be a number of lives changed as well as the impact on your wallet. Like how much money do you actually want to make? And the over our chain piece that which starts the productivity conversation is how much do you really want to work? Yeah. And again, that may change a lot over your lifetime. And as that changes, you have to start really thinking about what the reality of the impact on the impact you want to make is. So the number one mistake though that I think trainers make is one not looking long term. And then two, not really thinking about what is impact to me, both number of lives changed and the money that I want to make because I know you would do it forever even if you aren't being paid, but even a mission needs a margin. You have to figure how much money you're going to make. And then if we trace it back to like the first pin you need to put in it, you have to find time to work on your business versus in your business. And our business is not set up to give you time to work on your business. So you have to take that responsibility and figure it out. Absolutely. And that makes perfect sense. I know like you said we're not going to talk about the exit strategy, but you're absolutely right. And like we're not, my fiance asked me that a long time ago. He was like, do you see yourself doing this at 55 or 60? I was like, I don't know. I don't think I've ever thought about that. And the sherry answer will probably not. Right? Not rising capacity, but to your point, then what do I want to do in the time that I will be in this career? So you came up with a link called the TBD technique. And you developed it yourself. What is that? And how could it potentially help us as fitness professionals? Yeah. So TBD technique. It is a play on words with what I was just mentioned. TBD usually means what? To be determined. And that's how most of us leave our careers and health and wellness. Leave our time, leave our organization. It all just magically worked out. So instead, like TBD stands for time by design. You have to design your time. Like we all have the same 20 hours in a day. And no, I'm not going to go down that route. Like so wake up at our earlier stew. We're going to our earlier. Like that's not what I'm talking about. But we all have the same 24 hours. And we all need to get real about how much time out of those 24 hours. We want to work. And then ensure that we're doing the right things at the right time to increase our impact to sidestepped over well and burnout. So yeah, the TBD technique time by design. You need to design it a way that is uniquely you. And there's a lot to unpack of what TBD means. But that's the first thing. Instead of living your lifetime with a TBD determined, live a lifetime by design. I love it. And that makes sense to start us off. So walk us through TBD. What does that mean and how do we break that down? Yeah. And I will set your mind to use. I'm going to give you a cursory level overview. And then we can dive into some of the the more philosophical concepts. Because I think that's where time would be best spent. But I have a free worksheet and free video series that walks you through doing this on your own. So don't stress. Just listen to it right now. You can always go back and do the work later. So step number one is I now talk about it by you have to define your container. So you have to really identify how much time you have available to work. And there's two pieces to this. Because there's an objective number that actually is kind of challenging to come up with. Not many people stop and think about all of the things that take up your time on a daily basis that you should hold space for. And we just make the assumption we have eight hours in a day to work. So we'll start with that. But then once you get that objective number, there's also a subjective piece to it. What story do you have about the hours? Do you feel like it should be more or less? Do you judge yourself on that number? And then is it a number that you actually like? Like that's for you to decide. Nobody else, especially in our business. We're not workers sitting in a corner office that you are asleep to the man that have to come in on a time clock. I mean to some degree we do. But we have a little bit more fluidity or flexibility with our schedules. And I think post-COVID, most companies are okay with us trying to figure it out in a way that works for us. They know they have to to keep workers. So let's divide this into two pieces. One, the first exercise I take most people through is I do the math 24 times seven. And then each day you need to think from beginning of your day to the end of the day. What are the things that you must do? And when I say must, again, there's two places. Like must you do it or you die, sleep, eat, get dressed. Take care of your kids, et cetera. But also must, what are the things that you need to do to put your pervure, be all oxygen mask on first? Like for most of us in health and wellness, I've got to get a workout in. I have to read. Like these are my things that I know I am not a nice person. I'm not a productive person. If I don't make time for these things on a daily or weekly basis. So it's really interesting when I take my clients through it because most of them start with things like eating, exercising. And they forget about the most important thing to put in first, which is sleep. And I tell them, you know, start with sleep. How many hours do you need? Not how many do you get? But I want you to think you fork state. I am at my best win. I get this many hours of sleep. So you start with sleep. Then you do plug in things like eating. And I make them do eating next because most of us especially moms and fitness professionals on the go. It's a bar in the car. Like, yeah, just wrong. We would never tell our clients to do that but we do it. So like, let's be real. If you really could sit down for breakfast, maybe it's just your marking 15 minutes for breakfast, 30 minutes for a lunch and hour for dinner, but your market, what are your personal moving habits? Like set aside time for that because I know I am the worst. I always like steal from my giving dressed time. I won't belabor you. But like, I stole from my giving dressed time. That's when my hair is in a fun state. I did never wash my hair. Like, I need to do a better job of that. And taking care of kids, volunteer hours. Like, what are all of the things you have to do? And so, you know, I usually take my clients through that and I show them mine. Like, when I do that, the meat days, I truly want a perfect day. I would have eight hours to work. I want a perfect day. I would have eight hours to work. And that's me accounting for sleep, eating, shuttering my kid, the things I need to do for myself, reading time for chores, stuff to do, you know, errands to run, stuff for the house. And then making sure that I also account for the fact that I'm not willing to work after a certain time of day. Okay. So that's the objective part. So I do that for weekdays. I do that for weekends because weekends may be a little bit different. And once I see that and I go, holy crap, I really, if I'm sticking to my Monday through Friday, I truly only have about 35 hours of work a week. Like, when I finally account for it all, there's really only 35. Now I need to do this subject to peace. I need to start with what's my story around the 35 because a lot of times when I take my client through this, they get real upset by the number they see. But they're like, but that's not right. And they start a racing all of the things that they said they need to do. So we have to go back and say, okay, why is this number frustrating like 40 hours a week is something that is passed down from like the Industrial Revolution? Like who's to say that's really what it is. It may be if you work for somebody else, but it doesn't have to be. So we have to unpack the story. For a lot of, you know, I work primarily with women trying to deal with this. For a lot of women, it's this mom guilt of wow, 35 still feels like a lot. Am I a good mom? This is all the time that I spend with my kids. Like, well, that's where you would unpack who's telling you that you can't work 35 hours a week, right? So sometimes moms have the opposite of the opposite reality. I also especially for young fitness professionals that don't have kids. They look at that number and they go, I'm never going to get anywhere if it's just 35. I'm in my prime productivity years, right? I don't have any, any needs, anything. And like, but do you really want to be working 50 or 60 hours? Like, you have to decide. So we have to unpack the story. And then you can go back and look at the objective and go, okay, did I did I inflate something somewhere, etc. Am I willing to work on the weekends? And you have to do some negotiating. But after that whole exercise, you have to come up with a number. And that is your number. Now, in future state conversations with my clients, I take them through, like, what does that look like during the week? What days do you work? What days do you do not? When are you actually off? How many weeks a month? How many months a year? Are you planning for vacation? But what we're trying to figure out is, like, what is your container on most weeks out of the year? How many hours do you have available to work? So that's part one. I'll pause there because that was a lot of information. How many days? But it's a lot to think about. And the way you're breaking it down, Shannon, it makes perfect sense. But I think most people are probably thinking, oh my gosh, like I have to think through all the things. Yes, it takes a little bit of effort on the front end, right? And then how about we take you to get through this first step with most people? Well, that's a great question. Most people can do it in 10 minutes. But if you really, really, really, really, really want to maximize your time, you have to spend some time with this number. So for a lot of my clients, we do the activity very quickly, first blush. And then we have conversations about it for about a week to finally come up with that number. Because there's other things you also need to account for, which is, is that you have different seasons than stage of life, ages and stages of life. Right? So it may be good for right now, but also knowing that you're going to need to renegotiate it. But again, I go back to moms, right? Like during the holidays, I have to immediately renegotiate how much time I have available to work. Because if I try to build, because think about it, we're trying to come up with a container. And if you've ever tried to put too much stuff into a container, what happens? Spills over, breaks container, lid doesn't shut all kinds of things that happen. So you have to get the number that you feel good about that takes some time. Probably about a week, I'd say if you're getting real real. And then I always suggest to people check in with that number. If you start to feel overwhelmed, if you start to feel burnout, go back and look at the number again, what's changed? Or if you start to feel apathy towards your work, or you're feeling like you're just falling face first on Friday and binge, bingeing something on Netflix all week. And like, go back to the well, look at it again. But if you do it right, it takes not too long to do the work. But then you need to sit with it for about a week and make sure you feel really confident with the beginning container size. Because that's, that is the linchpin. Like it's the cornerstone of this entire thing. Because from there, I said, most of us are problem is we don't find time to work on our business. We're too busy working in our business. So step two of TBD is you have to take that container in number, right? I've got my container number. So let's just say mine is 40. Once I do that, I need to set aside time, proactively e-tweet, to work on my business, not in my business. So I need to like, safe and out part of that container. And so if we're going back to the container analogy, right? If I'm trying to dump everything in it, and everything in it is face to face client hours. Me training a client, me billing a client, me texting with a client, me making up programs, me doing continuing education for clients, that marketing, me doing my social media. Like that's all in your business work. The day to day stuff that has to get done. But if that is taking off my entire container, how am I ever going to move my business forward? Because in order to do something to move my business forward, I've got to stuck somewhere beanie babies in the toy box. And then again, the toy box. Explode and we have a forum. So and this is what most of us do is entrepreneurs. We work our asses off during a week. And then we decide, I'm just going to wake up early for a week to get that new thing done. Or I'm going to do it on the weekend. Or I'm going to take a vacation, but during my vocation, I'm just going to work. Remember, I'm trying to teach people how to do time by design side step over one and burn out as part of that. And so you can't just keep stuffing more even if it's for a short period of time. Maybe every once in a while it's going to happen. It's inevitable. But for the most part, we want to take this container and go, okay, I'm going to carve off a percentage of this each week that I set aside to do tasks or activities that are going to proactively move my business forward. Might not make me money right now. Might not make me money next week. It may be something that's going to happen three months down the past. But if I don't do it now, it's a cramming for your final. Right? You're going to run up against your deadlines. So, you know, we want my suggestion would be to work up to about 15% of your time being set aside each week. I know for many people that feels very lofty. So use your own tricks that you use or conversations you use with your clients about leaning into a new exercise regime. Right? Like we never say, we know they probably do better working out three days of week for forty-five minutes of time hitting all of the major muscle groups, etc. But if someone has never done anything, that is like going from the couch to a marathon or smarter than that, we don't make them do that. You can't do this to yourself with time and productivity either. So a 15% feels like a lot. It's not though. It's only six hours out of a 40-hour work week. Yeah. But if you look at your books and you go, I don't have six extra hours. What do I do? I'd rather you reduce the number of hours that you choose to you proactively work on your business than adding it on top of your client hours. It's going to be a balance, right? To reduce some of your in the business work by streamlining things, outsourcing things, maybe getting rid of a couple clients. I know that sounds blessed. But you might need to to find the time. And this is like that investment to your future. But 15% would be the goal. So we take that container number 40. Multiple I have by 15% let's just say we're going for it, right? Shooting for the moon or giving us that ultimate goal. I've got six hours. Now when I take you, when you go through the worksheet that you can do on my website for free, I tell you to break that six hour chunk down into 90-minute sessions, what I call TBD sessions. Because a lot of work that you're going to do to move your business forward requires you to get into some kind of flow. Sure flow does not happen when a client cancels. Okay? You can't go from client A to client C and like oh yeah, it got 60 extra minutes. I'm going to go in the massage room and do some work. That's not what I mean. I mean dedicated time where again 90 is lofty. Maybe you don't have it set up where you can do this yet. But that's what we're going to aim for eventually. But we need longer periods of time. Where we have already thought about what we're going to do during that time and when it's going to be. We need some transition time to get out of our day to day work. Clear the deck and then sit with something whether it's researching brainstorming and we'll talk about the different kinds of work that go in here. But 90 minutes feels like a good time. Again, just like I said, if you can't get 15% I'd rather you do a little bit less and do it religiously every week. You can't get 90 minutes per session. I'd rather you shorten them up. Well, you go two ways. You can either do one that's long or you can shorten them up and do them more frequently. Really, it's up to you. But the goal would be to get those six hours into 90 minute sessions, which is four. By the way, right, is that right? Yes. Math was not my strong student college and then find the time that you can do those. From there, you've got to fit them in. And I'm not going to belabor this piece of it, but I keep using the word proactive. I was lucky to get to a place where you're setting up your weeks where you've protected time to work on your business. And the ultimate is when you realize when you can get in flow because we all have golden hours. And for me, like it changes, it depends. If I'm writing, that's early morning. If I'm creating, it's mid-morning. If I'm creating a process, it's late afternoon. I know that for myself, but that's taken decades of figuring out when I work best. Right? But I proactively protect my TVD sessions, months at a time. Not my big bar went still from the main five have to, but they are on my calendar and you cannot book around them no matter what. And I'm very bullish about it almost to the point where I get in trouble sometimes with coworkers and bosses. But I think we all need to be a little bit more disciplined with our time. Sure. We could fill up all of our hours with meetings and clients in such. So, but I get the death lofty that may not happen in the beginning. You may have to find the white spacey tweak. You may have to reconfigure some of your stuff to get in, but ultimately you want to. And then the final piece of this is just knowing what to do with it. And what you do with it, it's brainstorming, it's planning, it's researching, it's creating, it's writing, it's collaborating. But it's things that are going to move your business forward. It's almost easier to tell you what it's not. Not training a client, not programming for a client, not studying to program for a client. Now watching YouTube videos on a new piece of equipment, it's not billing, it's not marketing. It may be creating a new marketing plan, but it's not filming your, you know, social media pieces. So, that's it in a nutshell. Container size, section out the time that you're going to work on your business, get it proactively into your calendar, and then use it for the right stuff that important, but not urgent work that's going to move your business forward. I love this. So, like for a new professional, who maybe doesn't have their schedule say they have 35 to 40 hours in their container, and they don't have that full schedule, this is going to be relatively it's not easy, simple for them to plug in those hours, right? And say these are the hours, these are my six hours or even five, right? Then I'm going to plug in each week. But if somebody's more established and maybe their container is already full of an overrun it, then, right? They might, he said, make me to start trimming some fat, trying to figure out what is the most important wear in my clients, like which clients do I want to keep? At some point, right, you all have to start firing clients. And I've gotten to that point up for 13 years, yeah, where you can't do it all, so at some point, you have to let some things go, and we have to be okay with that. For a more established trainer, I think this might be a little bit more challenging. So, what if you have for somebody that experienced trainer whose schedule is pretty darn full, right? And they're like, okay, I want to put these hours in here, how do I start trimming things? How would they prioritize things? Yeah, let me see, the easiest way to do it, the least offensive would be wait for people to fall off, and then don't replace them up to the number of hours that you need to. That would be one. Yeah. Two would be looking at your current schedule and see where you can trim the fat, and trim the fat doesn't have to mean fire client chip, but we're always so accommodating, right? Like Sally wants nine to 10 and then Joe wants nine, 10 45 to 11 45. Could you ask Sally to come 15 minutes later and Joe to come 15 minutes earlier? And now all of a sudden, you've got, could we be a little more discerning with with our schedules? And here's the deal. I know we're always so scared to ask, you don't know till you ask. But you've got to create you know, something that works for you too. And then I would say using those techniques, part of the time that you work on your business, you need to start thinking about what are products that can help me streamline my business and make money without trimming time for dollars. Then you can start firing clients without decreasing your income. Does that make sense? So that may be the first thing that you decide if you're like, oh my gosh, I don't have time to work on my business. Do one of those first two things. And then you can start thinking, okay, what do I need to create? So I can make a little bit more time for space to breathe. And we learned so much from COVID guys. Virtual is here to stay. Even if you could figure out how to replace 5% of your income with something virtual that works for you. That makes sense for you. That isn't hard for you. You would have those six hours a week to continue to iterate and innovate on your business, which is what this is all about. But the only thing I want to say, do not do this, do not read the 5AM club or whatever that book is. If you are not a 5AM person, like, don't do it. Right? Me waking up at 430 in the morning. I don't prophetize about it because that's just like I wake up naturally at 430. So I do work, but I also don't work after 530. Every. So we all have these tradeoffs. But what I don't want you to do is try to find the TBD sessions on the outskirts of your program, the outskirts of your parameters because that's when burn on happens. It's not about waking up early or working later at night or adding a Saturday or Sunday. It truly is about figuring out how to keep it inside of your container. Absolutely. Now I want to revisit and closing the Jews and the dumps that you said. So what is a TBD session and what is it not again? Great. So what is not? I'm going to start with what is not. It's the worst thing, but it's the easiest way to say it. It's not training a client. It is not programming for a client. It is not adding notes in someone's chart after a client. It is not it could potentially be continuing education, but of continuing education was for something that you were going to do that is new and different. It is not necessarily continuing education for what you're already doing. You could convince me that maybe it is, but I know myself and if I let myself read everything I wanted to about business and what I do, it would take all my entire life. I would always call that a TBD session. It's not accounting, it's not billing, it's not scheduling, it's not texting your clients, it's not phone calls to your clients. It's nothing to do with things that make you money in the moment, like with your current business. What it is is vision work, vision is that 40,000 foot view, right? Like what do I want myself like what do I want myself promotion plans to look like? What do I want my marketing plans to look like? How do I want to configure my business that vision and then it's also creative work, right? So is this a new program that you're going to create and you're going to film and you're going to do? And it can be anything that is anything that is leading you to new heights in your business. And it doesn't have to be this giant leap. It could just be something, I mean, it even could be researching something to streamline your communication needs with your clients, working on something that has to do with the end of your business work. So that's like I said, it's always easier to say what it's not, it's none of the stuff you're currently doing. It's all the things that you wish you had time to do, but you don't, but you should. Yes, I love that. Yeah, and I think that clear is where you said it to me is like all the things that are going to move your business forward. Not necessarily it's going to help you right now or this week, but all the things that you wish you could do and you don't have time for it. Or share like talking to colleagues, dreaming up ideas and we're going to do another session on self promotion. Like that could be one of the best uses of your time is creating a self promotion plan so that that can be like working like clockwork in the background while you're working in your business. So you're not spending so much time on your marketing and self promotion. So lots of things can go in the bucket. It's just really disciplining yourself to not take up all of the time that you're working with things that make you make trading time for dollars, which is what most of us do. Absolutely. And guys, this is such an important conversation and that's why I wanted to have Shannon on with us to talk about this and our part two, like she said, we'll talk about some self promotion because as trainers, we get really good at the workout part, right? Oh, I don't know how to work this much so I can get you stronger faster, bigger, all these things that the business side is what we all suck at. Let's be real. We all think at it because we didn't learn this in our personal training certifications, right? We didn't learn this along the way unless you went to business school in some way, like, cool, good for you, right? But most of us didn't learn this. So this is super important information that Shannon's giving you. Now Shannon, you mentioned the free worksheet that you have at some videos. Your website is ShannonFabel.com. Nice and simple. What other resources can they find in this or are we that you want to direct them to them on that website? Yeah, that is the best place to go. And if you're interested in grabbing this worksheet in the videos that help you go through the worksheet the first time, it's just right there in the center box. Just click on it, give me your name, email, it'll come to you right away. And then there's also a knowledge center there where I've done lots of webinars and little business tips. So if you follow me on social, especially Instagram and LinkedIn, I do business tips on productivity and self promotion and business strategy for you. They're always free. I exist to help people increase their impact while sites stepping over while them burn out. And I want to give it to you because I wish someone would have done it for me. So I have suffered for you. So come grab it on my website. Those would be the best places to get more information. And always hear your questions or your need any help with this. That's awesome. Thank you for sharing that with everybody. And definitely check around on social media, you guys. What are your handles for Instagram? Is that the most active one you're on? Instagram is great. It's just S-Fable. Yeah, we'll keep it simple. Perfect. Perfect. Yeah. So definitely go check her out. You guys check out her website. Look at the videos and the handouts that she has for you and see what you can do with this information. Okay. I'm she already mentioned it. It might take a couple weeks to get everything kind of nailed down, but take the time up front to do this work. And it's going to help you down the road grow your business. And she says, work on your business. Not just to aid your business. I love that. Thanks, Annie. Yeah, thank you so much for joining us. Shannon, we'll definitely see you back with part two. So stay tuned, guys. We will have this lady back in just a minute. Thanks for watching, guys.

=== FILE: ISSA Talk w⧸Shannon FabIe： Techniques For Building Your Fitness Business Efficiently (Part 2) [K2pRHE4ZWbA].txt ===

Welcome back everyone for another edition of I.S.S.A. talks. I have back with me an amazing guest, the Shannon Fable. Hi Shannon, how are you? Doing great. Jenny, how about you? I'm great. Thank you so much for joining us again. In our first little part, hopefully you guys got a chance to watch it, if not go back and look at it. We talked about your T.B.D. technique. Your time might design technique. How to really kind of isolate the time that you have, the time that you want to work, and then what you're doing in those hours. Super great discussion, Shannon. Thank you so much for sharing that. Now, before we dive into a little bit more on what we can do as fitness professionals to grow our business, tell our viewers a little bit about yourself. What's a fun fact about you? We know your process of productivity and doing the best you can with your time. What else can we know about fun fact? Let's see. I've got a couple. One, I worked for Roger Stobach. If you're a big Dallas Cowboys fan, that might be exciting. I was in the opening ceremonies of the Olympics when the Olympics were in Atlanta in 1996. So now I'm dating myself, whatever. Yeah, I've been in the health and wellness industry for 25 years. You can go read about me. It's not that exciting, but I have fallen in love over the years. I mean, I love health and wellness, but as people have moved me into different positions that I didn't even know that I should be in, I've learned a lot about the business side of this industry, especially as a solo per newer. And just enjoy helping health and wellness professionals really tap into what can be their superpower, which is self-promotion. Absolutely. So self-promotion. What is that? Yeah, you know, when when I use the turn self-promotion, it usually evokes a lot of eye roles and a lot of apprehension, because people think of Instagram influencer. And that certainly is a type of self-promotion, but I would categorize a lot of that. I mean, that's their business, and I don't, I'm never going to neg on people that make their money being influencers in Instagram, that is a career path these days. We need to stop hating on Instagram influencer. But when I think about self-promotion, I think there are two buckets. There's shameless self-promotion. Look at me, look at me, look at me, all I've done, all I've got, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, and then there's strategic self-promotion. So we're going to talk about strategic self-promotion. And strategic self-promotion is making sure people know who you are, what you do, and why you do it so that they can find you. And you know, if you can really anchor in this thought, like as a health and wellness professional, I have no doubt you have a strong why. You have a strong conviction. Why you got into this business, why you chose the target market you do, why you do the work you do. So what I like to say to my clients is, if you're not promoting yourself, you're actually doing a disservice to the people that you desire to help. And who are you to not go out there and tell people what you do so they can find you, like flip it around on yourself. So to me, that's what self-promotion is. It's just telling your story in a way that allows people that need to find you to find you. That's it. Absolutely. So I immediately thought of like somebody who works for themselves or is an independent personal trainer, yes, you absolutely want people to know what your product research school you are and how they can reach you. But how does the apply for somebody's unit who works in a fitness facility, a health club, a gym, a studio, etc. Yeah, yeah, I mean that is, and I'm cabbier. You always have to make sure that the people that you work for, you need to get their take on what they want you to do with regards to promoting yourself. But the overarching thing is this, I always anchor my clients in the statement. This is a true, a marketing doesn't get you clients, it just gets your awareness. And people purchase proportionate, they amount of trust, they have a new or your products. So the goal of self-promotion is to build trust and credibility. So when you ask, you know, it's not, I mean, of course, it's extremely important for people that work for themselves because this is the way we market. We don't have huge advertising budgets. I can't spend a lot of money doing it. So I have to go out and I have to promote in ways that are easy and organic. But if I work for someone else, I also have a need to build trust and credibility with people that might potentially want to work because it is not a foregone conclusion that they will even take a chance on you just because they're in a gym. And I like to play out that scenario with trainers all the time, right? Like, but you go to work for a club because you think it's going to be way easier. Because the club is a fund, a fish, but it's still a fund of fish that don't necessarily have to engage with you. Yes, the sales people are going to try to get them to do a fitness consultation. I happen to not thought about the fitness consultation. A number of people that are going to say yes to a fitness consultation is small. And the number of people that are going to say yes to a fitness consultation actually show up. Given small. And the number of people that are going to do the fitness consultation show up and actually not prepare how to say no right away is even smaller. So all you're doing is hoping that other people are going to bring you bring you clients or that working the floor is going to work the magic. Like an M make you become book solid. You are delusional. So I mean, it just doesn't happen. And there's a million reasons why, but even more so now and I don't want to say this to scare people. But I mean, fitness information is ubiquitous. It was before COVID, but since COVID, like you again, I'm going to say you can be a hater on YouTube, TikTok, Instagram, etc. But I can get fitness information anywhere. A lot of people now rent space and agenda come do a workout from somewhere else. So you've got to break through that noise. And part of that is building trust and credibility. So they start to feel comfortable to even come into the fitness consultation. So so many reasons why folks that work rather people need to do this too. Absolutely. And you just gave me a light bulb moment just a moment ago. And you said marketing and self promotion, marketing gets you awareness, self promotion like promotes you and like what you who you are and what you offer and how you can help people. That is so profound. Like I've never really thought about it like that. Because say for example, you work in a small studio. Right? That's small studio and that owner can market. Right? They can market a business. But all the people see is the business, right? Whatever the name of the business is, they're address their phone number. Oh, they have classes, right? Or whatever it is that you offer. They don't see you. They don't see Shannon. They don't see Jenny. They don't see John, right? They don't see the people that work in that. That's where we can step in. So I guess that absolutely makes sense if you work for someone else too, you 100% need to market yourself. Especially if there's other people there doing what you do, right? Because you need to differentiate. Yeah. And oh my gosh. I'm so glad you said differentiate. Differentiate, not compete. And there's two pieces of this when you work inside of a gym. You want, we all do the same thing. There are million people that help other people get fit, get healthy, etc. They're million people that do it through being an a personal trainer. But if you have a unique, you should have a target market. You need to know the people that you were put on the surface of the serve. And then you have to have a what? What is the number one benefit that you provide? And this combination, it still may not be unique. The unique piece is the why. And that's the story you tell when you're doing self promotion. You tell the why. And the why is about differentiating so that you can be a beacon and attract your target market that need what you're selling to come to you. I don't need to compete with Jenny. I don't need to compete with John. And I don't need to compete against my company. So I still need to be brand-alleged if I work for a club. All I'm doing is telling my story about my why and who I do my best work with so that they can find me. So differentiate, but don't compete. You do not use self promotion to talk down to other people, to explain why your thing is better. You just tell your story about your who, your what, and your why, V and. And this is how your club can stand behind you doing it. I think what clubs get nervous about when you're doing your own marketing is that you, it becomes negative to some degree if you're competing against other people or competing against other clubs or you're trying to build a brand within a brand. I'm going to talk about building a brand within a brand. I'm talking about just showing up and hey, I work for this club. I love this club. Here's why I'm here. And here's why I do what I do. If you resonate with this message on your girl, that's all you're doing is explaining that to them through self promotion. And love it. So give us some details then. How do we talk about let's I guess maybe we should separate this out. Like if you're working for yourself or independently versus in a club, would that be ideal to figure out how you can self promote, how do you do self promotion? I'm going to give you the six types of self promotion. We're talking about which ones are mandatory and which ones are not. And then there's only one place where I feel like it really matters if you work for someone or not. So I think I'll get there. You can ask any questions. So six course self promotion strategies. Three are mandatory. Three are not. I'm going to really focus on the mandatory ones. Networking direct outreach referrals. Referrals is the only one that if you work for a club or a company, they may already have that figured out. So you cannot necessarily make up your own referral strategy. But you still can execute a referral strategy because that's the number one thing we don't do is actually tell people that we have a referral strategy. I'll come back to it. Networking and direct outreach. They are similar. This is one to one communication with potential clients or people that can get you in front of potential clients. The difference being networking is ensuring that you have a strategy around talking to people that you already have a relationships with with the intent or the goal to deepen that relationship and get them into your sales cycle. Direct outreach is identifying people that you want to get to know and strategically going after creating the relationship. So someone may start out and direct outreach. The goal is to get them to networking. From networking, we get them to buy something that we're selling. Does that make sense so far? 100% you either know them or you don't. You don't know them and you don't. And I call it direct outreach. It's not cold calling. I am not a believer in cold calling. I've lots of thoughts about what is happening on LinkedIn right now. This is not about like annoying people and telling me something. Because self promotion isn't about selling. It's about talking to people building trust and credibility and offering them a solution to their problem when the time is right. So if I'm doing direct outreach, I'm not like, hey Jenny, so you're profoundly dead. It looks like you could use some help and hold on well. It's like what? Yeah. That's like it's just all the time I'm doing. All done. But it might be, hey Jenny, I checked out your profile and I went and looked all the step you do for I has to say on YouTube. It's kind of great talk show. It's amazing. I've learned so much from these three episodes. I hope we can connect. The end. And then if we connect, now maybe we do start talking. And at some point, you're talking to me about how you want to build your YouTube channel or build something that you're doing like, oh, I have a resource for you. Have you ever heard of, I do this thing, the TVD technique. I have a freebie on my website. Here's the link. Go grab it. This would help you tremendously. Here's how. So now I'm sliding into your DMs, but it didn't just like, hold tell you about something. We've been communicating and eventually, I go, hey, I've got something you might need. But I never jump more than one link in the chain of destiny at a time. And that's the thing that most of us miss is we go from like swiping right on Tinder to asking someone of a baby and get married. Like, I don't know why people think this is smart. This is just really dumb. So that's direct outreach. But networking, it's similar to what I just said. It's having a list of people that you are trying to get into a regular communication with like I mentioned to deepen the relationship. I insist my clients aim to have what I call a network of 90 list. 90 people. And again, you're never going to get there right away. But the goal is to always have 90 people. 50% of which are potential clients. Like, people that would buy something you're selling or 50% are people that could get you in front of people. Like, Jenny, you're on my network of 90. Like, you can get me in front of people that might potentially want me to help them with their business. So we're in conversation. I know you'll answer my email. I'm in a state and touch with you. And over time, maybe we figure out another way that I can do something for I associate or for Jenny in particular. But it's not about me trying to make Jenny my client. It's about reminding her out there, continuing to give her resources and information, connecting her to other people, sharing how I feel about the work she's doing. But genuinely, staying in touch with her. So that if and when the time is right, either I can ask her for help or I'm top of mind where she's like, oh my gosh, I've got another open slot for another YouTube thing. I think I should call her again. That's it. It's just staying in your sphere, right? And we do the same thing for potential clients. But we're most of us go wrong as we only focus on potential clients. And we do the fitness consultation. We follow up. We follow up. We follow up. We ignore. Yeah. The goal is to actually be giving them something to watch a state in touch with you. And that comes from this is one on one communication. emails, text, phone calls, meetings, etc. Network of Zindy, direct outreach. They're a little bit cold. You want to get them to warm. And then eventually, hopefully, we can sell them something. There are times when people will fall off the list. But I'm not going to go down that rabbit hole. Referrals, you gotta have a referral strategy. Like I alluded to earlier, all I want to make sure you know is that you have to remind people that you have one. And that means you have to ask for it. And you have to find all of the right times to ask for it, not just on email marketing campaigns, but at the end of session. So great opportunity to remind someone is, you know, you do your, you know, your body that check in, your stichoo, your evil to wherever. And your clients like, oh my gosh, I did it. That's a perfect time to say. I'm sure you have other people just like you that want their results. We've been able to get together. And you are someone I do my best work with. Who else could I do my best work with? Share this with them. Here's what you get in return. So it's not a fakely. People want to share what they learn. Right? We want to share. And word of mouth business, that is the best way to build, to build your business is word of mouth. You referrals go so far because they will, they will give you people that you'll do great work with. So those are the three. And I have a whole plan, like 15 minutes a day to super super charger offline marketing. You have to do this networking. You have to do this direct outreach and you have to do referral every single day. Every day, every day. Every day. And it can get annoying. This goes back to when we talked about time by design, working on your business. Once you set up a system to do this, you truly can. This is my first 15 minutes every day is my networking direct outreach and referral every single day. The other three. And then I'll open up to questions because I mean, I could go so deep. And there are lots of free webinars on my website about these ideas. So feel free to jump on their and grab them. But the three that are optional that really can super charger marketing, speaking, writing, and the web. Now a lot of people go, wait, did you say a web is not mandatory? I want to make sure I'm clear. Having a website if you work for yourself is mandatory these days. That's the equivalent of hanging a single on mainstream back in the old days. It just screams credibility. And it doesn't have to be a big website. It can be alienated, but people need to see that you have a strong solid foundation that you're in this for the long haul. If you work for someone else, maybe I might let that slide. But we also can't use our social media profiles as our website. So not your website, period the end. You need a landing page. But the stuff that I'm talking about that's optional with web is things like search engine optimization, paper, click, like using the web to generate eyeballs. You don't have to do that. That is totally optional. And only if you're super excited about it or you have someone that you can outsource this too. So in writing, usually for fitness people are natural. You may index towards one or the other. But speaking is what I'm doing right now. It's going to a conference and speaking for me, it's getting on your YouTube show. It's doing a podcast with ISSA. But if you're doing this in your neck of the woods, it could be speaking in a chamber of commerce event, speaking in a ptl meeting, speaking, I mean it depends on who your target audience is, but it's showing up in getting in front of other people that might want your service. So by deal with moms, it ptl events are great. Speaking of the local Jimbury would be amazing. Or if my hairdressers have some cocktail hour and she wants me to come share tips for how to manage the stress of the holidays. Anywhere you can show up and all you have to do is be there to build trusting credibility. It doesn't have to be hard or difficult work. But only do it if that's your jam. I think for a lot of fitness people speaking, homes relatively easy. And then writing maybe the thing that doesn't. For me, I love it. Writing feels really great. It's how I started my career was in writing. And so I enjoyed blogging. I enjoy writing articles for publications. How does that manifest in your community? It could be writing a column for your local paper or your local magazine, your local online magazine. This can even be things like long form posts on LinkedIn where you're prophetizing about an idea or a concept or some philosophical music that you have about health and wellness from your POV, right? But speaking and writing, these really can supercharge that trusting credibility piece. So looking for opportunities. But you've got a nail network direct out reach, networking direct out and referrals. Then you can choose one of the bottom three and add on over time. What I find is a lot of people get super excited about these bottom three. But if you don't have networking, because what do I do? If people from your show reach out to me after I do my speaking, I need to have a way that I keep in touch with them and then create a one-on-one relationship to sell them something, whether that's a free something or a paid for something. I've got to figure out how to get them into my sales cycle. So it doesn't help to do speaking and writing. You don't have those other self-promotion strategies already ready for you. And notice I haven't talked to anything about social media. That's a whole different conversation. This is all stuff that doesn't require you to be on Instagram, doesn't require you to be an influencer. It just requires you to have relationships with people and to focus on fostering those relationships. So that's it. Pretty simple. I love this channel. And what you're saying, I think a lot of people out there need to hear because I'm not a real, like, for example, our Facebook groups, which have a lot of new trainers. And the first questions they always ask is when should I set up my website or when should I set up my Instagram for my business? When should I start setting up my Facebook page? And that's the bottom three. That's kind of the bottom three. That's the last thing that you need to worry about doing to have more of a presence and make yourself known first. And anybody else who's watched any of our other, I just say talks with people who are talking about other aspects of building your business as a fitness professional. What's shared into saying is those three mandatory pieces, you guys, it's not boring. Everybody that I've spoken with about this says the same thing in a different way. You have to be able to get people into your network and build those connections and make sure that they don't leave you are and what you offer. But then you have to continue to follow up and foster a relationship with them and to share this point. It doesn't mean saying, oh, hey, I have a sale. It's black Friday. I've sailed. It's Cyber Monday. I've sailed. It's late. How are you? I haven't heard from you now. How is your, how is your daughter doing Shannon? Right? Touch face to something that you learned about that person in the conversations that you've had with them and you're more likely to get a response, which means you're keeping that relationship alive. Such a valuable tool. And to Shannon's point, even if you spent 15 minutes at the beginning of each of your TV sessions, for example, reaching out to you if you had a list of 90, you build yourself up. Big 10 people on that list tomorrow to be the next 10 people. Right? You don't need to email or talk to these people every day. Right? In fact, Shannon, when you're reaching out to people and just touching base, would you say once every couple weeks is valid or does it depend on the relationship that you have with them? Great question. Now working your goal is to be in touch every 30 days. And if you're working your networking strategy right, you won't end up being the person that has to reach out to the end of 30 days because they didn't talk to you. Because remember, the prerequisite to get on your list is that you have a relationship. So if you're on my network of 90, Jenny, and I reach out to you after this and say thank you. And you have an email me back in 30 days later. You pop up again. I'm like, oh shoot, she never responded back to my last message. I'm going to try again, try a different tactic. If it's the third time and it's been enough three months since you've responded, I mean, I'm going to move you back down on my direct outreach because I'm obviously, I actually don't have a relationship with you if you won't respond to my messages. And we don't get into a back and forth. So I either need to move you to direct outreach or take you out of my network of 90 because it's a valuable spot. It's not just about having people on there and continuing your chat, but I'm going to leave you in my keep and touch bucket. And my keep and touch bucket is my email that I send out monthly. And so I'm staying in front of you monthly. And then maybe you re-engage of me because you see something on there. But I've got, I've got a fail proof place to put you in case you're not responding. But every 30 days is what we're going for. And there are lots of, there are lots of softwares out there that will help you do this because I'm sure you're thinking, the center, like a pain in the ass to figure out, I use this as some that just tells me every day who I haven't talked to in 30 days. And I can look back at the history and go, oh, is that on me? Like did I forget to respond back to them? Did they actually text me? Or is it in fact that Jenny's just ghosting me or not answering? The other caveat I would mention is you may start this by saying by that general reach out like, hey, I haven't heard from you in a while. But the goal is to get to a place where it actually is a conversation that never ends. You're genuinely interested in what they're doing in their life. You're sharing who you know, what you know, how you feel. So we want to do things like send clippings at like an article that you read. There's a lot of times like I know who's on my network of 90. And if I'm reading an article, let's say about productivity for busy women. And I know I've got like 10 people on my list that would benefit from that article. It's me sending a link to that article with a message specifically for that. Or if I know it's their birthday or an anniversary or they've had a big milestone sharing how I feel about that. And then introductions, you can connect them and introduce them to other people too. That's another way to stay in touch. But those are the ways that you network and every 30 days is the goal for that list. I love that. And I never thought about that last one you said connecting them with other people. That makes so much sense because you might know somebody who could help this person. They told you something and you're like, you know what? I think like you said earlier, I have a resource for you. And you just pick them and now they're like coming to come back to you next time I have a question about something. 100%. 100%. I mean, I have a story. I'll leave the names out to protect the innocent. But there's some that's on my network of 90 that is very influential that I've really struggled as of late to like I don't have anything to offer her at this moment. But I know she can get me in front of a million people and I always want her my rule of mix. And I had been dropping. I know she has a studio, but it's kind of a passion project for her. Not all she does. She does a lot of other really important things in the business world. And so I started, I was at an event, a studio grow event. And I mentioned a her that I have been happy event. So all of a sudden I'm dropping knowledge about something that might be a benefit to her. Where I ended up getting a text from her like, hey, I'm really interested in learning more about this thing. And I'm like, shoot, I don't know much about this thing. I was just at it. Okay, this girl that's in my group actually is a client of this long story short, connected these two. And now we're back in regular communication for the exact reason you said she is so thankful for the resource that I gave her and for connecting with her with another studio owner that's going through the same thing. I get the benefit by proxy. Like I didn't even really have to do anything except pass on my network. So never underestimate the power of connecting people in your network for shit. I love this. Shannon, you're full of so many awesome. I wouldn't even call them nuggets. These are big boulders to me of like information that can help people and you're so concise in the way that you deliver it. Like I remember, this is the first time I'm hearing your six pillars out of your six pieces of self promotion, but I remember them all. And hopefully you do too. Of course, we'll put them on the screen again. But they're so easy to remember what other resources do you offer on your website? Payed or not that would help us as business professionals. Sure, visit ShannonBable.com. I do have a knowledge resource center that has a ton of re-information, whether I write all the time you guys. So tons of articles and blogs. I've written for industry publications about business. I have lots of free webinars that I've done that you can grab hold of and business tips short little, 60 to two minute tips that I do on Instagram every single week. So they're all archived there. You can of course follow me on Instagram for tips and tricks. But there are also some self-directed courses in there that you'll find that specifically go into this. So about the six course self promotion strategies and how to teach you that 15 minutes a day that that plan to supercharge. So if that's of any interest to you, you can grab that on my website. Love it. Thank you so much for all these resources and guys, definitely check them out because we talked about at the end of our first round with Miss Shannon. Like this is important information because we're all we all get really good at the training aspect, but we're not good at the business part. But if we can nail this part down, your career is going to not only grow, but it's going to be something different than you ever thought it could be. So the sky's the limit. Start with that TVD technique and figure out what it is that you want your business to look like and there's nothing, nothing stopping us from getting there. If you're doing the right things in your business, working on your business, not just in your business. I love that phrase. Definitely check out Shannon's bio in the description. Again, her website is ShannonFabel.com. Tons of free resources on there. And what was your Instagram again, Shannon? S-Fabel. Perfect. So definitely follow your referral on Instagram. Tons of free tips. I love that you do that so much for free too because like you said, you put on this earth to help people. And you said, you're going to do it. I love it. Thank you so much for joining us again, Shannon. Of course, appreciate the opportunity. Thanks, Jenny. You bet. And thank you guys for watching. This has been a blast. Go back, watch, rewatch, take notes. Let us know your questions. Reach out to Shannon if you have any of your show. Hope you out. Thanks for watching, guys.

=== FILE: ISSA Talk： ISSA x American Barbell-Synergy in Fitness [A1mqjyYDl-8].txt ===

Welcome back to everyone for another I SSA talk. I feel like I've been on hate for a while, but I'm glad to be back with an amazing guest who has been on our podcast as well. So keeping ear out for the episode with American Barbell. Welcome back, Mr Doug. Could you want to how are you doing fabulous? Good to connect with you again. Always good to see your smiling face even though I know your voice is a little trash. It is. It's volleyball season. We were talking about this offline. It is volleyball season. You know, it's it's conference season for you and teeth. These and so our voices are a little sensitive instruments and mine is a little strained right now, but we're going to do this. I'm super excited to chat with you. And of course, I SSA is now developing a partnership with the American Barbell. Super great partnership. And again, it's not just so that we can chew down on horn and say we know everybody. We're offering some really great things for our students. So I'm excited for you to share more about what that partnership looks for and what our students get looks like and what our students can expect from that partnership. But Doug for those who haven't heard the podcast or who don't know who you are. Start by introducing yourself and then we'll talk a little bit about American Barbell. Yeah, so CEO partner and also the head of training and education for American Barbell. Gotcha. I always say that the industry chose me. I never chose it. I was kind of one of those athletes turned what do I do people. So I did my undergraduate work at the University of Southern California, fight on go Trojans. And I did my graduate work at Concordia. And I was always kind of one of these. One of these athletes that understood the foundational benefits of strengthening and kind of had a natural innate sense of coaching people and understanding body movement. While I also had this bias towards understanding product product development and things like that. So I literally started out as a personal trainer back in the day and grew some gym gyms together with another partner. And when I exited there became an athletic training consultant for a least Steinberg who was the Jerry Maguire, subject of the Jerry Maguire movie. And you know, have been around athletes and movement and exercise science and programming my entire life. And gosh, I still haven't woken up one day not wanting to go to work. You know, the industry really has been good to me. And it really, you know, for those of you listening, if you can sink your teeth and just programming and basic movement stuff, you know, that's really the industry's going in the whole whole strength and conditioning is coming back. And I'm so happy that it is, but you know, that's where the trends are. So yeah, super excited. Absolutely. And I agree that the strength and conditioning that focus of performance, whatever that means for someone is absolutely coming back because people want to not just live long. They want to be functional and moving like not just sitting in a chair for the last 10 years of their life. So I love that as well. So what brought you to American barbell? So I probably not late in the mid 2000s. There's that was transitioning. I was brought on as the CEO of World Gym International. And the the charge there was basically grow the franchise network and then develop something that we exploded over the course of two years throughout Canada and the US called the World Gym Athletics. And it was a combination of designing strength and conditioning rooms with metal product barbells and making it almost feel like a division one or a professional football strength and conditioning room. Because that's where I had a lot of the experience and through that got to know the benefits of American barbell. And I knew the founder in a prior life and I knew the president at the time. And the synergy was just there and then when COVID hit, I started talking to the founder and we just found, hey, this was a perfect fit for us. Let's join forces and that's what we did and that's kind of what's happened over. I would say with the course of three and a half years American barbell has really become intentionally has become a recognizable brand. But we've really innovated right we've we've brought on some very unique product and we're in it right like a lot of other equipment manufacturers like us. They're not like us we actually train on our stuff I'm training every day on our stuff I'm I'm in gyms all week I'm that guy. I'm not the guy I'm not the CEO that sits around and yes, I look at the finances of course, but I don't that's not me right and in the fact founders the same way you can find him out on the floor of our warehouse with a welding helmet on still innovating some of the best product in the world. So we're kind of the role of persuades guys that honestly do it sincerely because we just dig it we love it. I love that now speaking of the equipment dad talk to us a little bit about some of the equipment that you guys have been innovating and creating and I know a bar but our barbell's not a barbell. Right we can't say that all the barbell's are created equal so it's actually just a little bit about the difference with what you guys have created. I mean think of it when you walk into a bakery and you see a phenomenal well designed artistic cake that you don't want to eat because it looks so good and you know that the ingredients in it are amazing. That's kind of the the ethos if you will behind the product. You know the the barbell's there's a proprietary blend of the steel which is really important to know. The tolerances meaning the space between the materials that we use makes our bars extremely quiet and also they'll last a lifetime. But yet they're at an approachable price because hey, I was that guy not making a lot of money and I knew the value of value. So so we've really kind of leaned into that and keep in mind, you know we're very well known as an OEM company right so we make product for a lot of the very large chains that you know about. In some of the other equipment manufacturers that we actually make their product so we've kind of been known on that but now we're this forward facing training education and equipment innovators if you will but a lot of the bars you know polished sleeves on our barbells and you know this is something that I have. It's called a race that the barbells go inside of the very unique piece of our product that allows the rotation of the barbell inside this race. This is actually a needle bearing like a needle bar that you compete with. We tend to spend a little bit more money on these types of products that our competitors will. But we do it for a reason so I'm okay giving up a little bit of margin to you be able to provide something that's a you know it's a Ferrari at a BMW price. Or less down so yeah I mean that's that's really anything anything with our product is. You're going to find that the pedigree is the same across the board whether it be our new metal product. I mean our new honestly I wasn't going to bring this up but I will our new platform our drop zone technology is the best in the world. I encourage you to go out you can go out to most gyms now and find it 24 our fitness and a lot of the other ones that we've done but yeah I mean that's just across the board. Because we train on the stuff and we beat it up our you come into my garage gym and you'll see stuff that we're beating up right now because that's what I train on. Love it and one thing you pointed out that I wasn't aware of that you guys make equipment unbranded and sell it to other companies and I love that because they recognize that what you guys are creating is the best in superior as well. And for those of you guys who aren't familiar with that type of concept think of like I'll give you two examples. Lule lemon right we all know what Lule lemon is it's kind of a higher price point out of reach for some people but did you know. Intent wink wink you need a Costco and a lot of their athletic wear is made by you see the same lines the same stitching the same cuts it just doesn't have a logo on it. It's literally we call it loopay lemon with my friends but it's literally the same stuff without the logo on it you're welcome another great example Rolex everybody knows what a Rolex is super high end watches. They used to make the the time piece the actual mechanical parts for omega. Right my my husband's a watch guy so I know this right it matters right sometimes you don't have to buy the for. And I would say so that's so genetic at the great point because what I would also say is. If you're searching for a high quality product let's forget about fitness for the moment you probably need to do some research. Yeah do some research on the people that are making it meaning the company that's making it and if you find somebody that was making stuff like Bosch headlights is a great example right you know Ferrari or McLaren or whoever can use but they're going to Bosch because those are the best. Right and and people are coming to us you know again some of the best the equipment brands that you know are we're making those barbells and and your thing bumper plates there are but they're putting their name on it and they may be a much larger company than us right so. Yeah love that and one thing that has been always says is don't buy things from companies that don't make that thing right you wouldn't go to Gucci to buy a watch Gucci. I don't watch it. The founder of our company says in it's a thing to me goes like if you know keep in mind that fitness equipment can be dangerous. Stuff can break you know there's there's a lot of liability in it in other words. He filled fill our founders says you wouldn't go into a strip mall if you needed heart surgery would you? You know you you go to somebody that's qualified that's been around the block a few times that's experiment that's also failed. That's got to the point where they know what those ingredients should be in that cake to make it taste the best but also that's not going to kill you. Yeah, that that part. This is not home in a diet to dig. Oh, no not at all. I love it so you mentioned the drop zone technology the barbells of course the bumper plates. What other types of equipment what other pieces you guys have? Probably the the most well known for a lot of new that are listening you could probably go into any planet fitness and see it you know we have something called a series one dumbbell it's actually patented dumbbell. We always say the more you drop it the stronger it gets it's a splined patented technology. That doesn't even really technically require a bolt on the dumbbell head to keep the dumbbell on it's a Euro thing dumbbell. We make them for all the Marines for example there's been gosh I don't know the exact number now well over two million pairs made with. I don't know one or two returns maybe. Nice so again it's just part of the pedigree of the product and now that we're. kind of resuscitating strength and conditioning in the industry we've really leaned into the metal product I think the industry you know the whole functional training thing is. I don't really know if I understand the word functional anyway. I'm using it isn't it all functional. Yeah, I think that I'm glad to see strength and conditioning coming back and it and that just lends that that's our wheelhouse that's what we do. I'm not going to make an electrical treadmill right I'll call my buddy Paul over an aerosol and he can take care of you for that but for me it's it's we're going to stay doing the what we're good at right not going to go out. I'm not going to try to make stuff we're not good at absolutely so I love the fact that that everything is so sturdy the more you use it the better it gets kind of like ages like fine wine and I love that the way you work in a commercial space which is why you guys are in so many commercial spaces and showing up everywhere. I see you guys everywhere all the gyms that I go to L.A. fitness in the village here in Arizona. Your stuff is everywhere which is awesome and a lot of high-cutchen environment right a lot of people touching it messing with it using it correctly or not who knows. But whether you're buying it for a commercial environment or if you're a private trainer or an in-home trainer like I do and you take your equipment with you it's valuable to have things that aren't going to break that are reliable that you know any client should be able to use. I love that. Yeah, and I think to you know my wife would love this I'm a neat freak right so so but. And so it's filled our founder we bring the same approach to to our product like I want product. That's going to look really good. 5 or 10 years or now under heavy usage and that's part of our development process. Is to assess that right I mean I've got an American barbell original we call a USMC read it's a red sericote barbell that I've had in my garage gym for seven years and I clean it I take care of it. Other than my cat sleep and on once in a while but it's you know it looks as good as it does today as it did seven years ago and all those tolerances. Everything is you know is perfect so we you know maybe that's our fault because we're going to make stuff that lasts a long time so if you buy a barbell for most of me I have to buy another one maybe that's a bad business move on our our side but no that's that's our intention is that hey we care about our stuff we want to last a long time and look good. Absolutely so speaking of we'll get to I have some other courses for you about some equipment but what is the partnership with I. SSA and American barbell look like what can our students expect from. It's great it's a great synergistic relationship so we're going to help I SSA with promoting the vast amount of online seminars and certifications that you all do which I think you are the best. We are the best at doing live seminars on power lifting weight lifting we're even doing running mechanics. The coaching and leadership development is really exploding we're doing a lot of work with New York sports clubs the CEO of Bill McManamey. Great visionary so really it's elevating fitness right what I believe I SSA is trying to do and Andrew's trying to do is really elevate. The quality of fitness right not not cheap in it and so I buy into that narrative and so you know we're helping I SSA and alive seminar side and and we're feeling comfortable to say look I SSA has the power and the strength to do what you guys do best right that's that's something we don't do and we do stuff you don't do so it's it's a perfect marriage. Amazing so as far as the live sessions that you guys have and the equipment are there any discounts being offered to the I SSA student or member. Yeah um. It varies from 10 to 20 percent right which is really good by the way but you guys have a code as I SSA members and all that so yeah that's all available and you can just hit the website for that. Perfect and we will link that in the description of this episode guys so you have all the information that you need to log in and get access to that discount because who doesn't love a good discount. Sure I love that so those of you guys who are looking for your own equipment or equipment that you can use at clients because again that hybrid training or in person where you bring your equipment and stuff again that's my specialty it's becoming a lot bigger and we can still take a good. The nice the nice thing with us is that we've. We own our own factory as well so we we there's a lot of other things like you know slam ball med ball. All the stuff that you really need to completely outfit something we've evolved into that so it's not like you have to go to you know 20 different places it's all kind of under one roof and that was kind of our intention anyway. But I you know I was on that side of the fence for a long time I understand it it's not very fun to have to source multiple different products and then you're paying more for shipping and everything else. Oh yeah I know all about that because what it took me six years to build but I have been my garage right now. And it's a lot of equipment that I carry with me for my athletes and my clients and yeah sourcing it finding it finding it the right price and yeah shipping especially on the heavy stuff. Well that's it you can double your cost doing that way and that's right for multiple places yeah I get to be really expensive for sure. Well we're good because we're shipping out of we have warehouse and Las Vegas and Memphis so depending upon where people live it actually saves a little bit of money to because you're not. Slying something from the place out of California for example and shipping into New York which is really expensive. Mm-hmm absolutely that makes perfect sense. Yeah, now Doug as far as the equipment goes is there any single piece of equipment single piece of equipment that you would recommend any for any trainer use with any client or have themselves. This is one of my favorite questions. Nice. So there's one piece of equipment and I was trying people for a long time that you should have if you wanted to do the most variety of exercises. Squat press deadlift and it's a barbell. It really is right and I mean not just because I'm a barbell guy but what can't you I mean anything from a good morning to a deadlift to a squat to a press to a clean you could curl with it you could lunge you could I mean there's so many things you can do and and oh by the way If you're training correctly you should be getting stronger you should be moving more load and you can just keep putting more load on a barbell. So yeah I would say a barbell by far and outside of that obviously I'm gonna say a pair of dumbbells so you know I wish when I travel because I travel a lot that I could find more barbells in hotel jams but usually I go straight to the dumbbells so I would say it's one of those two pieces. Amazing and that that aligns actually very closely that's what I was gonna say next is the exercise variety. Yes variety is great too much variety not so great right that's just like a human thing but the two pieces of equipment you just named the barbell and the dumbbell you have some pretty massive exercise variety that you can do with those two pieces of equipment. Is there anything else that you would add? The only thing I would add from a personal trainer or coach perspective is I think what I see when I go into a lot of jams I see Focus on the barbell and the dumbbell stuff I see a lot of trainers that are trying to almost I don't want to say make up exercises but they're doing so much accessory driven movements that really don't Compliment what the person really needs most of the time from a personal trainer perspective like if you can squat press and deadlift and you just programed off of those three movements You're probably gonna be really successful and if you just focused on Skill and technique of how people move they're not gonna get hurt they want to learn more and I mean I've been squatting pressing and deadlifting for 25 years and I'm still learning all the time So I always say to be effective as a fitness professional less is more But make sure that you get those basic fundamental set and in people don't care how many exercises you know It's it's how many you can do really well and teach them how to move efficiently I think that's that's my advisement for trainers on that stuff Absolutely and all the exercises you this name their deck are great foundational exercises for human movement in general Absolutely applicable to every day life and there's no reason that every client Shouldn't be doing those things unless they have some kind of contra indication of course Does it mean that every single one of them needs to do them as happy as possible? No, that's not over say You are correct, right? We want to modify and use them appropriately because I was tell people when people say Oh, everybody should be death that deadlifting I was saying do you want to tell my 77-year-old mother with a near-place man and a bad hip that she's gonna go dead them to really have eat? I'll stand back and let her smack you We did we did some seminar a couple weeks ago in New York and Somebody said something along those lines, right and I said Which you're correct in what you said I said You can vision them out to eventually they will be dead so if I said Deadlift that doesn't mean you're pulling it from the ground you made me be doing a rack poll You may be doing some sort of modification so even though people have those injuries Limitation that they're you should still vision them out so this is where you're going with it, right? And I think that's where trainers again if you want to hold onto a client for a long time You should be visioning strategically on those things and at least hey those are your goals and aspirations, right? Just because somebody's hurt doesn't mean they can't move or reclaim a lot of that athleticism Absolutely great point Doug and is this is the kind of stuff that people are gonna learn in these live sessions, right? Wester Regress or progress some of these exercises because the variation within a single exercise or movement pattern is tremendous and there's no one way to do any of these You are correct absolutely so speaking of these live sessions. I love live education and there's Especially when it comes to equipment Doug, there's nothing better than getting your hands on it and trying it And then maybe watching somebody who doesn't Look like you isn't as strong as you do, doesn't build like you do it as well and get some tips on how to Q it because Qing that verbal part is really tough for some trainers How can people learn more about American Barboles live seminars and where can they connect with you? Can reach me anytime Doug get American Barboles that's easy you can find us on Instagram We can find we're on all the social channels. We're just roasting a lot of the seminars on our website so you'll see those And you know the live seminar thing since we've been doing them I mean the feedback we're getting is amazing because to your point You know I always say in the seminars you can't coach what you haven't done Yes, so you can read about it look at videos But until you actually you know put your hand on on a barbell and and screw up and not move well and then learn how to move well I mean and that's the stuff that makes you super valuable as a fitness professional because you you can speak from true practical experience Agreed agreed amazing so we will post the links for all of those in our description for this episode you guys We'll also share the link for ISSA partnered with American Barboles show you that link so you can see what we're offering as far as this partnership goes For those of you guys who are members with ISSA you do need to be logged in to take advantage of that discount that Doug mentioned We want to make sure we keep it exclusive over here So all you have to do is log in to your courses at ISSA trainer calm along the top You'll see the tab for professional division click on that there's a section for exclusive benefits in discount when you click there You'll see a list of all of our partners including American Barboles right there at the top and it'll show you how you can redeem that discount So Doug thank you for joining me again I know you're super busy out there in the world doing all the teaching and things Yeah, no I'm happy it's always good to talk to you your your your breath of fresh air all the time I I appreciate you appreciate what you're doing so I'm happy to come on anything Thank you so much and hopefully you guys will see me at some of these American Barboles live sessions soon Doug and I are gonna connect Yes, you're looking to work out. Yeah, but thank you guys for listening. Thank you for being a part of ISSA and will we talk into you soon guys

=== FILE: Live Professional Panel： Exploring the Future of Training and Health Coaching Career Pathways [O8IM7DeCcjY].txt ===

Well, hello, everyone. Welcome. We're going to give it a moment before we dig in. I know a bunch of you guys were at the door ready to go and join us. We'll introduce ourselves all these talking heads over here. But welcome to the ISSA Live Professional Panel. Super excited. This is the first time we're doing this format for you guys, but some very familiar faces. You'll see popping up to join us as we talk about health coaching career pathways today. So standby, we'll get started in about 30 seconds here. Welcome, everyone. Take a look at your screen as you're getting settled into you guys. You should have access to a chat where you can send messages to the panelists and the people that are on this call presenting for you. And there also should be a questions section. If you guys have questions for us or any of our panelists, please throw your questions in the questions tab and we will make sure to get to those as many of them as I should. We can by the end of the presentation today. All right guys, let's do this. We've got a lot to cover in this hour. Welcome in. I will introduce myself in just a moment here, but welcome to our live professional panel. You guys are going to be exploring the future of training and health coaching and some different career pathways. Super excited that you guys could all join us. I know we had quite a few people registered for this webinar. I think it's one of our best attended yet, which is absolutely amazing. You guys are all interested in changing lives, which is why I would say that all of our panelists and myself are here as well. So I want to introduce everyone that's going to be talking to you guys today, so that you know exactly who you're speaking with and you can ask the right questions of these people. I will tell you first, I am Jenny Scott. Hello and welcome. I know a lot of the names that are popping up here today. I am a senior content developer here with ISSA, which means I help create a lot of the courses that our students go through. I also co-host our podcast and teach our course material and host our YouTube series. So I'm kind of all over the place, but super excited to be talking to you guys about careers in health coaching. Health coaching is something that I personally have done in the 14 years that I have been certified as a fitness professional and I'm still working in the field. So super excited to share my expertise, but more importantly, I have three amazing guests here with me who have some great insight into different aspects of health coaching. I'm going to have them each introduce themselves and tell you a little bit about themselves and I will start with Jessica. Welcome Jessica. Hi, thank you, Jenny. My name is Jessica Grazer. I am head of success with Flo. So for those of you who are not familiar, Flo is a company we are partnered with ISSA proudly and what we do is we help health coaches get started. Kickstart your career, start your own business. Personally, my background, I've been a certified health coach and clinical nutritionist for nine years. I did start my own successful health coaching business about eight years ago and it took me a very, very, very long time to do so, which is why I am working with Flo. I'm working with Flo. I'm working with Flo. To basically cut your time in half. So we are giving away the secrets and helping, you know, kind of raise new health coaches up and out to really make an impact. Awesome. Thank you, Jessica. Good to have you back with us. Next up, we have Katie Dean. Welcome Katie. Hey, Jenny. I'm so excited to be here. So you are certified as an ISSA health coach, correct? Yes. So I am a certified health coach through ISSA certified personal trainer, nutritionist and recently, parallel thing instructor. So that was a lot of fun. Yeah. So I am super excited to be here. I started my own business early last year. So with the help of ISSA of course, so couldn't have done it without that certification for sure. That's amazing. So we're super excited to hear your insight as someone who's certified with our course. That's amazing. And then last but definitely not least, Mr. Chris coach Chris from Flexet. Welcome, Chris. Hey, guys. Thanks for having me. So my name is Chris, we're going to have a senior elite trainer for Flexet Fitness, which is kind of like an all-in-compassing program that has any type of wellness you could imagine. Holistic stuff. Physical training. Anything you could imagine we get it done. So thanks for having me. Absolutely. And of course, we'll hear more about flow out and Flexet coming up here, guys, so they can really explain what those platforms are and how they can help you really grow your career. So we have a lot to cover today. So I will go over our agenda really quickly. We're going to start off talking about what health coaches do. You have to understand what a health coach does in order to see if this might be the right career for you. We're going to talk about how to launch a career as a health coach. Okay, lots of different ways that you can go about starting your career. We have some tips and tricks and tools that can help you start your career even faster. We're going to talk about how health coaching can complement fitness and wellness certification. So for those of you like me, like Katie, like Jess, like Chris, who have other credentials and maybe even working in the fitness field already, you can expand yourself with health coaching and we'll show you how. We'll talk about some of the benefits of joining a program like flow well. So I'm super excited towards the end today. Guys will go over what you learn with the flow well program. And so you can see for yourself how it can help you build your career. Not only build it, but build it faster. That's the key. And then of course, we're going to talk about some amazing career opportunities that are really taking advantage of the atmosphere that we live in now and some programs like Flexet. So I'll have Chris talked to you guys more about that. Now again, make sure that you guys put your questions in the questions section for us and we can make sure to get to those before the end of the day. Now as we get started today, I do go and tell you guys a little bit about I. I say for those of you who don't know about us. We are the global leader in fitness and wellness and we've been in the industry for more than 30 years. We got started in 1988. And our mission and vision you guys has always been to connect people with healthy living year after year and we're well on our way to our goal for that. We currently offer more than 50, 5, 0, 50 specializations and certifications in fitness and wellness and nutrition. And we're super excited that that number keeps growing. We love to be a one stop shop, but of course there's tons of education and more to learn out there guys. So always be expanding. And we do offer world class support for our students in the form of student success coaches and teams that are here to help our students not only as they study to get their certifications, but as they're out there working in the field. So we're very proud of that. Now those of you guys who are here obviously you're here and you registered for this because you're interested in health coaching. So we want to talk about what you can do with health coaching. It is actually an incredibly fulfilling career. It's something that you can spend a lot of time a lot of effort doing, but it can be lucrative and of course very fulfilling when you're working with people and helping them make changes. You can help people and have a positive impact on your own life and your client's lives and the world around you, which safe to say you guys all of you guys are here because that's what you want to do. You're able to start your own business and we'll have Justin some of the guys here talk about ways that you can start your own business and routes that you might be able to take. So lots of opportunities start your own business, a side hustle, but basically enjoy the freedom and flexibility that comes along with that. And then of course, want your career that you love and over me I'm speaking for myself and I think I could speak for Katie, Justin Chris that when you do the things that you love you guys you don't work a day in your life. They all say that right, but it's true. If you enjoy what you're doing, it doesn't feel like work at the end of the day. All right, so lots to cover lots to talk about with health coaching, but without further ado guys enough about me, I'm going to start interviewing our panelists and let's get some information from them. All right, you guys ready. I'm going to start with Jessica Jessica I've got a couple questions here for you. Where my first question, what can you do as a health coach? I love this question. So I always tell the coaches that work with us. They're really is no ceiling and there is no end to what you can do really as a health coach. We have our scope of practice, but if you are more clinical, you can go in a clinical direction. If you want to work in weight loss or mental health or hormonal health, you want to work with only women or only men, you can literally choose whatever it is that you want to do. And you can shape it to fit exactly what you want to that you have the most fulfilling career. I mean, we'll get into kind of the pathways and there are different ways to go about it, but I mean, we have nurses that come in that, you know, maybe they work in like nephrology and they want to, you know, go health coaching instead of going the clinical route, but they still stay in that clinical setting. You can literally do whatever your heart desires when it comes to health coaching. That's awesome. So lots of avenues, lots of opportunity. I mentioned like being a nurse and having some of these other credentials. So we get a lot of people who are coming from healthcare or coming from other fields that want to get into health coaching and not only is it a compliment to most fields, but those people actually setting themselves up at an advantage, would you say if they have a nursing degree or say they're a licensed massage therapist, right? They can do a little bit more. Absolutely absolutely. There's some trust that comes along with a different certification and quite honestly what we're seeing a lot of is people in the healthcare industry are going the health coaching route and going more holistic because the burnout on the clinical side is severe. And so we're seeing so many people from the healthcare industry coming in and saying, I just can't do it this way. This is not working. And they're taking a different approach and still helping people and getting a very similar outcome, which is incredible. Absolutely. So I kind of leads me into my next question here, Jessica, what are some career pathways that you're seeing the most as far as getting into health coaching? Yeah, so what we're really seeing the most is so one thing I like to say this although it doesn't sound very positive. A lot of health coaches, you know, get certified every single month. Unfortunately, the amount of jobs full time positions that are available really are very limited. I want to say that there might be about like 500 jobs available a month and about 5,000 new certifications coming out. So that doesn't leave a lot of room for us to find full time jobs. So we really are seeing the majority of health coaches go and starting their own business. So whether that is as a side hustle, maybe they are nurse and you know, they're working part time at a hospital, but they still want to take the help care at the health coaching route. They'll do it on the side and then quite honestly after a little while in a little taste of the side hustle. They end up going into their full time business. That's what we're seeing the most of. Because you have that autonomy and you have that like, oh my goodness, on the boss, I can call the shots. I can coach people how I want. You know, and it's you can make it everything that you want it to be and then we see the coaches are truly fulfilled. So that's usually the path that we see. They try and find the full time job. Maybe not so successful there and then going into their full time business. I love that. And thank you for the transparency, too. We don't ever want to say, oh yeah, you're fine. There's going to be jobs out there. I'm really happy. Sounds like a lot of health coaches are working for themselves or kind of contracting doing something to that. And we'll hear about that with Katie as well. So that's a great option. What do you personally love about health coaching? I think it's your smile. Just got a little bit bigger too. You know, I love this question. So I come from a very clinical background and going into health coaching. There is such an intimacy that we get to have with our clients that on the you know on the nursing side on the nursing side. The the physicians that you don't actually get that and the fact that my clients have come to me and they have enough trust in me to like strip down get vulnerable. You know, talk about things that are super uncomfortable or so personal. I am so grateful that I can do that for them and be that support and that they chose they choose us. And that is something that's so special and I would never give that up ever to me that something that I don't know we should relish in that because it's wonderful. Yeah, being trusted building relationships that's amazing. That's awesome. So in your experience Jessica, what does it take to start and maintain the successful career as a health coach. We've gotten some questions already about this one. So what does it take. Yeah, so in one word. That would be the first thing and quite honestly one thing I wish well, I mean, I wish that I had flow while when I started flow. Well, did not exist everybody back in the Stone Age. So I wish that it did because really you have to have to find a business coach or mentor in order for this to either get off the ground really and to maintain your success because things in the industry change so much. And as you're building your career. Things are also going to change and there's imposter syndrome at every single step of the way and without finding a support system. Whether that is a flow, right, that we have a community of health coaches and mentors that we lean on every single day. It is really difficult to do it alone. So that to me is the very first thing and really to get started. We're buried under like a mountain of information that we can Google every single day. It's very confusing. It's just you know overload. And so when you have somebody that can say, okay, now you're going to start here. We're going to do this and this and these are the steps you're often running. I'm so sorry if you can hear the rain. And you're often running and then you have that support system the rest of your career, which means that you're never going to fail. So to me that's it. Find your support system. Find flow. I love that. So our clients are seeking help. We can seek help as well. The great great call out. Awesome. Thank you, Jessica. You'll be back. Dan Bye. All right. I'm going to take a little aside step here. Let's talk to Katie Dean. Katie, super excited to have you back on just a little backstory guys. I'm at Katie. Gosh almost six months ago now interviewing her about getting her health coaching certification. My first time talking with her. I absolutely fell in love with this. This young lady. She's like her demeanor is amazing. And I would say that about all of our guests. You guys listen to the way that they're speaking. Listen to the passion in their voice. Not saying you have to be exactly like any of us who are running this call, but these people have been successful in the field. So take what you can from these guys, which is exactly why we're doing this panel. But Katie's super excited that you've grown your business already. So first and foremost, Katie. This is not one of my questions that I had planned, but how long have you been doing your business has been over. It's been over a year, right? Over a year. So I officially started January 2022. So I guess you're going to have now. That's awesome. So guys, she's in a space where a lot of you guys are brand new, starting your career. She's a little bit in. She's learned some, you know, gone over some speed bumps, learn some things. Let's hear what she has to say. Well, first and foremost, Katie, why did you choose to go into health coaching after getting certified? Yeah, absolutely because it's so much more than just food and fitness because being a certified personal trainer is one thing and you get, you know, you get the gains that way and being a nutritionist is a whole other, you know, avenue. But being a health coach, it really resonated with me because I myself struggle with anxiety on a daily basis and has struggled with anxiety with going to the gym and working out. And just the, you know, the struggle that comes with with that. So I wanted to be a certified health coach so I can help others not feel how I felt in the gym or like waking up and feeling uncomfortable in your own skin. I want to keep my clients and my community to feel comfortable and to feel, you know, empowered by what they're doing. Because the only live one life. So why not live it to the fullest, right? So the health coach just as that, you know, the holistic aspect of it, the behavioral aspect of it. And we can kind of just chill and talk like, you know, I'm not a certified therapist, but it can we can talk about whatever is bugging you during the session and kind of like, you know, get your anger out through the weights too. So it works. Absolutely. And that's a great call. I want to just pit stop on that for a second. You said you're not a therapist and we aren't and you're absolutely correct. But as a health coach, you can dig a little deeper and so having some of those conversations where like Jessica said people feel comfortable coming to you and kind of spilling their guts a little bit. All right versus, you know, a personal trainer and that all personal trainers, but we only have them for certain amount of time, right? I might not have time to get into the nitty gritty. Whereas health coaches actually sit down and talk to their clients about things that are a little bit deeper, a couple layers down. We can help under uncover what might be causing their setbacks or keeping them from achieving their goals. So it's a really unique position that you guys are in as certified health coaches and speaking of Katie, how do you actually work with your clients as a health coach? What does that look like? Yeah, absolutely. All my clients are virtual. I love it. When I first started my business, I was so desperate for clients. I was like, I'll drive to you. So I was driving like 150 miles a day. I was crazy. So yeah, you know what? For jewel please. So yeah, it's all virtual. We have weekly check-ins. We go through like mini goals together, which really helps them keep them accountable to their goals. So if you have like a 20 pound weight loss goal, that's great, but let's divide it into weekly bites. So you're not so overwhelmed and then burnout and then crash and burn at the end because you didn't lose three pounds within your first weekend. So just having that accountability and helping them as a health coach. So they know that they're not alone and that they can work through it both mentally and physically. That's awesome. Now, as far as like putting together your health coaching programs or who you coach, when you have personal training clients or even powerlifting clients and know that something that you're into and are certified in now too, is it something that you include with every client that you work with or is it an option that they can opt into if they want some additional guidance? So I have it as a bundle. We, so me personally with my with my tears is that I do like a tier one through three kind of thing and they can opt into the health coaching. So if you're one to just I just want to go to the gym, don't tell me what to eat, don't tell me anything else, then that's perfectly fine. I'm here for you. You're paying me right. So it's all about their goals and what they want to accomplish, but if they're like, yeah, actually I do struggle a little bit with anxiety, then I'm your girl. Let's talk about it. So it's all up to the client. I like that and that's good. So you're not forcing it down people's throat, but if they want it, you have it and it's it's all at one stop shop. I love that very nice. What types of things you mentioned a couple things, like as far as like overcoming anxiety setting up their schedule, what kind of things are you really helping your clients with as a health coach? Yeah, absolutely. It's definitely. I know this might sound cheesy to some, but the self care practices self care looks different can be different for Jessica can be different for Chris can be different for you, Jenny, and it's just it can be meditation yoga or it can just be like chatting with friends. It's just being able to understand what works best for you and incorporating that on a daily basis. You take what two minutes a day to brush your teeth, you can take two minutes a day, you know, of some sort of like self care even if it's just staring at yourself in the mirror and telling yourself that I'm worth it or I'm worthy, then go forward. It's just having that like that, you know, momentum and adding that to your day. So yeah, I help with the self care, the stress and anxiety portion of it and also like the stress of the sleep as well. So not as you know sleep expert at any means, but being able to give you some tools that you can help incorporate so you can sleep better because when you sleep better, then your mental health goes a little bit on the incline and then your workouts go on the incline too. Absolutely and that goes along with the fact that most people don't know what's impacting their outcomes until they address it, right? So they're sleep a hydration or nutrition like just being organized little things like that. They might think this is perfectly normal. I always look like that when I think about people with chronic pain and Chris you're up next when I talk about this, you get that person who's like, oh my back always hurts and they're like, well, this is just my normal right it's every day it just never goes away. It's not normal until until we can help them address that and understand there might be things that are like causing that or leading to it or encouraging that. Like once they address those things and all of a sudden that pain goes away or that stress goes away, they're like, oh man, I didn't know it didn't have to feel like that. So that's one of those aha moments that I love working with clients. That's really cool. Exactly. Okay, Katie. One more question for you right now. What does the typical day look like when you're health coaching like take us from a win Katie wakes up to encade goes to bed. What does it look like? So yeah, we have clients from 5am to 7pm, but it's all virtual. So it's rolling out a bed and going to the office like the home. So yeah, so it's just it's being there for them when they need it. Going over their programs with them like the fitness programs and we do like the weekly check-ins like we were talking about before like helping them keep them accountable with like the many goals and stuff. But just being able to stay up to date with like health and wellness in general going through the ISSA website and NASA website and just being educated because these clients come to you and they're like, hey, I saw this lady on Instagram said this thing or you can snatch your waste this way. And it's like, all right, let's chat about it. So being able to stay up to date so you can tell them the right things and talk through it. So I love it. Yeah, virtual is definitely a lot more flexible, which is nice. And do you have clients that are outside of your geographical area? I do. So I have some on the west coast. I'm on East Coast. I'm in Maryland. So I do have someone California in Washington and I do have a Ontario Canada client as well. So very nice. Yeah, so there's no time and no boundaries on this. Exactly. Thank you for sharing Katie and we'll be back. Stay in the Bible. We'll be sprinkling back. Let's jump in with Chris. Certainly not last or least, but Chris coach Chris. When we talk about flexi, I don't know how many people. I don't mean people are always like coach Chris is the best. So we've got the best here with us. So first and foremost Chris, tell us about flexi what is flexi because I think we got a question that you might be able to answer. Okay. So flexi is alive one on one or some group class program that it's all our own software. I'm right first started with these guys were reason to do them for the first and while and then we introduced our own thing. It's super slick. I could screen project videos and workouts and share audio. I could, you know, we have our own chat service. So I could, you know, if you're going to visit me, I can program your day. So you know exactly what you're doing. And like I said before, we cover all facets of fitness. We just recently introduced health coaches that work with our trainers and nutritionists and really provide like 360 degrees of wellness to the client. I chat just as much with fellow trainers as I do with my clients, drive my wife up the wall, but I'm always on my phone and it works. So it's good stuff. That's awesome. So yeah, this online platform is amazing. And I love all the features that you guys have for the people that are doing the coaching or the training for your client. It's flexible and you just basically have to set your schedule and you have your clients fill into that schedule. So there was a question. I want to pop over to that question real quick that came in. I'm as a question originally for flow well, but I think based on what I know of flow well and what you guys will learn very shortly about flow well. It's a program to help you guys build your business. But the question says I'm looking to take my career online and do personal training nutrition fitness classes and health coaching. Can I do all of this through they asked about flow well? I think flex it would probably be a better opportunity to actually perform all of those things. Would you agree? Absolutely. Yeah, we've got we've got quite a number of trainers with different specialties and we've all kind of lean on each other and go back to back to solve any problem that anybody might have any client, whether it's coming back from injury. Your physical third session is ran out. We got guys that specialize in that bringing you back to 100%. So anything at every day. Awesome. And then real quick to jump over to Jessica as far as what flow well could do for someone who wants to do personal training nutrition fitness classes and health coaching online. How real quick. Tell us how flow well can help them get ready for that. Yes, absolutely. So if you are this is your own business. We literally work with whatever it is that you want to do. So if you are a personal trainer, we build your business around that. If you're a trainer and your trushness and you want to do fitness classes and health coaching, we will build it all with you. So that way you can literally shape it. However, you want your business to run. So again, like Chris that anything everything. Love it. Yes, the flow. What a help build and really get your community and your network down and then Chris has the the flex platform, which is how you deliver it. I love that. So that's why we've got all these people on here. You start to connect some dots here guys. There are all different pieces of this pie. So Chris as a fitness professional as somebody who's excelling in this virtual space. What does health coaching mean to you. It's just it's everything. Talk to bottom. It's not just, you know, we're going to do three sets of 12 backsquads and that's lunges. It's just like Katie and Jess mentioned before. It's getting your sleep right and figuring out what the underlying issues of everything are and trying to attack those instead of just going to the gym to work out. So a little bit of everything. You know, it's more complete approach than just doing some bicep curls. And that's what I'm going to say. Absolutely. I would say yes, but would you say that this is going to be far more effective for 99% of people when you address all of it and not just fitness and nutrition. 100% and like Katie was talking about her tiered programs. The people having the opportunity to really go let me go let me let me jump in instead of just dipping my toe. Those are the people that make a real big difference. I love it. Yeah, you have to be all in right and it's half doesn't really work or it takes you a whole lot longer to get there. I do definitely appreciate that. When you're working with your clients, Chris, you've been doing this first of all, how long have you been with flexing. Just about four years. Awesome. So that's a lifetime in trainer speak. So that's awesome. When you're talking to your clients and talking about things outside of just their exercise, their lunges, then they're nutrition, right? What are you hearing from them about holistic health and wellness training? What do they want? Mainly, it's been a little bit, you know, they're asking a little bit more question about it. And it's been nice to see because like you guys were saying before, it's ever evolving. You know what I mean, you could be an expert in your one little tunnel. But then there's other tunnels opening up around here and I'm much you're staying on point with everything. You're going to have a lot of unanswered questions. So one of the things is I direct them. I direct them to you guys. And I'm like, listen, this is your resource here. Nice. Absolutely. And I know that we'll talk about this too, but flex it. You mentioned is starting to offer health coaches. You have health coaches on staff. You have nutrition professionals on staff. So it's kind of a one stop shop. Everything they need. If you can't help them. Someone else in your in your sphere. Absolutely can. But is there a way that you've incorporated health coaching into what you're doing with your experience with your clients as far as programming or the way you communicate with them? In the way of communicating. Yes. I'm always always on top of anything going on in my clients lives year 70 year old has a soccer tournament on Sunday. I want to know how you're dog. You know, broke us like I want to know how they're healing. So just always being there making sure it's like the first question. How to sleep less night. Did you get enough sleep? How does that blood pressure are these things coming down or are we getting within normal ranges? And just going there just being there and asking questions that everybody kind of needs to be asked. Yeah. I love that. And you're making a good distinction here, Chris, that you don't wait for them to ask you or bring something up. Right. You're kind of preemptively asking based on what they told you and and and just we'll talk about this too. You have to be a really good listener, right? And you're listening to what they're telling you and then you follow up with it and that's super important. They'll remember that too. They'll remember that you were listening. I love that. Tell us a little bit more about how flex it is moving into the health coaching space. Tell us more about the health coaches you guys have. Okay. So we've got two health coaching staff right now. I spoke to one just the other day just I quick get to know. Yeah. I didn't want to see you guys on the blocks. I want to know everybody coming in. And and yeah. Like I said, we're going to be working with our health coaches. You're going to be working with our nutritionists and dietitians and our trainers and anybody else that has anything to do with the wellness space. And we're going to give you three hundred and sixty degrees of effort on every on every front to make sure you can be the best version of you. Thank you. I love it. You guys are making that program even more well. We're on the than it was before that's phenomenal. Awesome. Thank you Chris. Alright. We're going to circle back and we'll do a little open around Robin here in a second. But I want to pop over to Jess. I feel like you're one of the most experienced people I know as far as career opportunities in specifically health coaching. So can you talk us through the information that we see here and some of the opportunities for employment as a health coach. Yeah. Absolutely. So thank you for saying that. So there are three really three pathways that we see most of the time. So we're going to talk about full time employment, which we did touch on before. It's nice if you can get it, but the opportunities are not always there. But should you find something. You know, you can go into corporate wellness. We talk about, you know, big corporations and organizations. They want their employees to be healthy. So they are we're starting to see them spend a lot of money on making sure that their employees have health coaches or you know mental health. Like therapists in their office. So that way their productivity goes up. You know, they help them with their exercise. Make sure that they're moving. Make sure that their their mental clarity is there. And so that they can get more work done. So that's one of the biggest jumps that we're seeing right now as far as the full time corporate employment. You can also go into fitness and wellness centers. They are starting to bring on health coaches in addition to their personal trainers. So we're starting to see that a lot as well. And then of course in the clinical settings. So functional medicine practices. That's a big one. Because if you know functional medicine. They want to get to the root cause. They don't want to just treat the issue if they want to get to the root cause, which is very, very closely related to health coaching. Moving on from that we have full time business ownership, which is like our bread and butter, right? This is where we really see most health coaches go this route because even working full time employment. For an organization. A lot of times you are restricted. So everybody listening up you are restricted. You have to follow their rules. You have to coach their clients, right? You don't really have a choice. And so we do see that. It kind of gets a little bit old. So we want to be able to do our own thing and teach the way that we want to teach. So you can do that in the way of private one on one. Helping coaching sessions group sessions. You can do online virtual like large webinars and classes that way. If you want to have a really large reach. There really is no end to what you can do when you have your own business. You can also educate through content, which I personally love. I like to do a lot of copywriting and blog writing. You can create online courses. And then you can sort of a massive amount of people. If you don't have the bandwidth for just one on one, you know, private coaching. They're really are so many options to doing it. And then we have the side hustle. So for everybody here, just so that you know we get this question all the time as far as I work full time or work part time. How do I start my own business? Like, is this can I even do it right because do I have the time and the answer is yes because 99% of the flow coaches right now work full time or have full time families are like full time state home moms right. And so when they want to go to the side hustle route because they just have this passion and cannot let it go. They take our course and they go through our program and have a very successful side hustle business and they only work part time. So, you know, you can do that as a nurse. You can do it as a physical therapist. You can do it as a state home mom. You know, that was me for a little while, right? So there is a way to do it and most of our coaches. Gosh, it's not all of them are all doing something on the side. Like that's they have something else, right? And so a couple hours a day there you go. You can start your business and start helping people. Awesome. Thank you. Yeah. So again, lots of opportunities. Guys, we can't stress that enough. Don't think within the four walls of a building, right? Think outside of that. We talk fitness professionals that same thing. It's endless. It's just not knowing where you want to go and then picking a route to get there. So think about that. Now I know some of you guys on this call are already certified, whether it's in fitness certifications or some of you guys might be health coaches. Some of you guys might be certified or licensed and things outside of fitness and wellness. If you're looking to get certified as a health coach, it's important to understand what it is that you're going to learn. So I'm going to give a little plug here for the ISSA course, of course, because I'm with ISSA. So I do want to talk about our ISSA health coaching curriculum, which is based on what you need to know as a health coach and I have people here who can confirm it for me. We've done a lot of research in this industry. Guys, but we cover a whole lot as you get certified. We're talking about you're going to learn about client coaching and communication. Of course, cognitive behavioral therapy and psychology. This is why we make choices. How we can change those choices is a whole process to this behavior change. And a lot of you guys who have been certified in fitness and wellness, you've seen this before, but we did even deeper. We're talking three chapters on psychology. It's that important you guys. We really good at helping people understand their behaviors and then make changes to those behaviors because those behaviors were working. They wouldn't need us. They'd be exactly where they want to be, but they're not. Okay, so that's key. We talk about chronic health conditions. Not saying you guys as health coaches, that's all you're going to work with. Again, we're thinking beyond just exercise and nutrition. But you do need to know the chronic health conditions that a lot of people out there think about how their health is impacted by these conditions and how their health can impact those conditions both ways. Okay, because they can absolutely impact both ways. We will talk a little bit about exercise, science and fitness. So fear not if you are not certified in the health and fitness industry just yet. Of course, we dive into nutrition because that is important as well. We talk about some of the things that Katie and Jess have already brought up and Chris as well. Sleep and sleep hygiene. Right. That's super important for physical and mental recovery. Guys, we are humans. We are animals and we need to sleep. You don't sleep. You're not performing very well. And that affects all aspects of our life. We do talk about stress management, which is really important. We're also humans. This world is busy. Okay. This world looks a lot different than it did a hundred years ago, 200 years ago, etc. We have a lot more on our plate. We have a lot more stresses. A lot more things coming at us. And if we can't manage those stresses, we're going to struggle. We talk a lot about goal setting, which is an amazing aspect with health coaches. They will help you figure out how to make a goal that is achievable. Same thing with fitness professionals like Chris, we help you guys figure out what is the goal that you're trying to achieve and let's make it realistic. Okay. Something that we can actually get you to and then let's make a plan. Of course, we cover ethics. We want to make sure that you guys are staying with you. Coloring with you in your lines. If you will, staying with our lines as helicopters and then we never leave out business development. That's a big part of what flow will helps you with. Please, it's like flex it will help you develop your business. But we'll give you the basics to get you started. And I remember what route you go. You're going to come out the shoot knowing exactly what you need to know. And I'm going to give the floor back to Jess to talk a little bit about flow well because again, flex it is more of a platform to help you deliver all of the things that you're delivering to your clients. Flow well is a program that we've found that helps you guys. Basically introduce into your business. What all the things that you need to know that you didn't know you need to know, right? Just. Yes, absolutely. So you will be amazed at just how long this list is. I was amazed when we put it together. So our curriculum, we break it up into three segments. So the first one that will go over is the build. Which is the very beginning, right? We work with people. So you do not have to be certified to come and start with flow. So you can say, okay, I'm going to go. I'm going to become an help coach. I'm going to go. I'm going to work with ISSA. And I'm going to get certified. Why wouldn't you take the parallel path and start your business at the same time you're getting certified? What do you want? You want to graduate with your certification and get clients and get to work because the worst thing I'm telling you the worst thing is when you get that certification and you're like, I didn't. Oh, I don't have anything to do. So, so you know, by the time you're done with your certification, you will be that and ready to go. So in the build phase, we get your business set up legally, right? So we teach you how to get your LLC. What kind of business insurance you need? You know, and it's state dependent, it's area dependent and that can be literally like people just stop right there and they don't move forward because they don't have to do it. So it seems little but it's really monumental. We want you to be set up for success and protect yourselves. So that's why we start with that. One of the favorite resources that we have for our coaches is the mindset business on our mindset development because we're so used to being employees being a business owner is very different. So we practice that the entire time. So we start with it and we never give it up. We bring it with us the entire time that we define your niche. So any coaches that work with me if you're on this like if you ever work with me, you know, this is my thing. If you talk to everybody, nobody can hear you. We have to find your niche. We have to find your target and then we build your program offer, which is what are you selling? What program are they going to be in with you and what does it look like? And we get very, very detailed with that. And then we will build your customized web page, which is your sales page. So everything on the tech end of it don't worry about it. We've got you. You send us your specs and we build it. So that way you don't have to get bogged down with the technology. A lot of people stop there also. And then you launch your program. So this is really all within a couple of months like the first two to three months. And then you're starting to work with paying clients. Then we go into the growth phase. So social media marketing is scary for a lot of people, but we make it really fun. We give you all of the ins and outs. What to do how to do it and then what kind of content to build for your audience. Not just for social media, but for your program as well. So any resources you're delivering to your clients. We teach you how to create them deliver them. It's a lot of fun. We teach you how to get the testimonials that sound silly. Like, oh, I can get a testimonial. There are testimonials in the form of everything. We teach you how to grab from emails and screenshots and text messages and recorded video calls. There's little nuggets everywhere that you can grab when we teach you how to get them. You will start partnering with businesses, physicians, people in the medical community wellness centers. And we literally take you through how to build a power partnership and how to solidify that. And then you just keep on getting leads consistently because you build that relationship. And then we launch your second program offer. And that is, that is that's the end of six months. That is at the end of six months. You have paying clients. You have power partners. You have two program offers. You're marketing on social media and we're not even done. So I'm not even done yet. And then after that the last three months we go into this scale phase, which is actually, this is really fun. This is. You start renewing your clients start saying, you know what? Yeah, I'm going to stay with you for another three months and another three months because you're building these relationships. And then we teach you how to develop a referral program. So when these clients love you, that's powerful. Now, they can go ahead and say, oh my gosh, go work with Katie. I've been with her for nine months. Right. And so how do we refer people are, you know, what is the incentive? We give you all of the information around that. And then once you get those testimonials, your case studies and your transformation stories, what do I do with them? We give you really, really unique ways to share them how to leverage them with your partners. And for leads, whether you're on social media or you're doing outside marketing. We kind of give you the ins and outs of that. Hey, per click ads so paid advertising across social media. We go through everything with that so that you can host a profitable community events. Something like this, this is free, but you can do a talk, you can do a webinar, you can do some kind of seminar or workshop where you can market it and bring in new clients and bring in new partners and new faces. And then at the very end, we talk about passive income and then you get you make money wisely, which is the best. And then and it says and more because it just doesn't end. And you have the success specialist that you would work with on your teams. We are health coaches. So we have done this. It's funny the way we were talking about our clients were, you know, we're like, we asked the questions, if we go a couple levels deeper, we do the same thing with the coaches. And then we work with we're like, you know, what's stopping you? You know, why are you fall starting? Because we have that experience of motivational interviewing and getting to the bottom and the root cause of like maybe why you're stuck. So it's a really nice benefit to work with other health coaches that have built businesses because we have been stuck in the mud. And we had to like kind of sludge through it, but you would be paired up with somebody like basically. So yeah and one thing only because it's not on here and I just want to say it just super fast. I know I tend to talk a lot but. If even if you're not certified, you can go ahead and start with low L hour program price is going to be going up on July 1st. So because we're partnered with ISA. You guys get a 25% discount just because we're partners, which is always there. However, the price will be increasing by like 40% over the next two weeks. So if you're thinking about it kind of wanting to do it about to sign up with ISA, sign up for flow as well because you're going to be missing out and you're going to end up paying a lot more in two weeks than you would today. So if it's on your mind, I would go ahead and say yes and it's flow well.co. So or you can Google flow well and get to that site before the price is full. Perfect. Thank you for calling that out and I'll actually say two guys we also have a partnership with Flexit. So those of you guys who are fitness professionals whoever said in that question in that you want to start like your online business and get into online for over a 12 coaching you guys. We do have an in with Flexit where we can get you a guaranteed interview. We can't guarantee you a job because you have to get through their little they're a little gates over there. But we do have a small CEO where we'll make sure that you know everything you need to know about their platform and coaching people online. And then we'll get you into the door so you can knock and get that interview to see if that's a great spot for you to be. So we have partnerships with both of these organizations you guys. And it's all designed for you. It's we don't really benefit much from it. We want to make sure that we're putting you guys in a spot that makes your career easy to build that's what this is for. All right. Now I want to go through a couple more questions as we go through. So my first question I had the bottom here. What advice would you give someone who's considering a career in health coaching Katie. I want to start with you. Sure. Yeah. Absolutely. Definitely don't doubt yourself because I have had struggled with doubting myself through every step of the way. And it's got me nowhere but like you know brick walls. So definitely don't doubt yourself acknowledge that anxiety because the anxiety is going to be there. I'd be like, no, thank you. I know you're trying to save me right now, but anxiety can go like wait in the corner and I'll perpetuate it. And understand and posture syndrome like you are worth it and you are empowered to do this like it doesn't matter if someone else has a million followers on Instagram and you're if you was tried to be that way perfect. Go for it, but you are you you're the only you in this universe. So definitely don't doubt yourself and have that support. So you don't struggle with the the imposter syndrome. I love that. It's all about support. Just what would you say for this one. What advice do you have for someone considering a career in health coaching. Yeah, I'm going to second what Katie said as far as the imposter syndrome because they will always sneak up. It doesn't really ever go away will always come back. But when you have the support system, it makes it so much easier, but my advice would be do it. Just do it because we've all waited. I'm sure everybody on here has waited right and six months later. You're like, well, I still didn't do it right. And so think about where you would be six months or a year from now. Are you happy with that? Where you would be if you didn't start probably not right. It's still going to be on your mind. Just do it because everybody up here. Everybody is here to support you. You have a net. You have a support system. Join these organizations and you will succeed. There is no doubt. So just do it. I love that. And Chris, I pose the same question to you, but slightly different. Advice you have for someone considering like moving the career virtually or expanding their fitness career right now. Well, with with when I went exclusively with with with Flexet, I mean the pay is great. The flexibility is incredible. We got to move all 1000 miles away from everything I know went from New York, that Florida. Super hot today. That's why it's in me sweating. I apologize. But the flexibility is outstanding. You know what I mean. Super super kind of the pay. You're going to get what you're going to get. You're going to get what you work for. No, my schedule is wide open. I spend a lot of time working, but I'm happy because it's not work. I'm hanging out with my friends all day long and laughing. I'm making people better. You know, and it's like you said before, Jenny, it's a they're doing you love it. Never going to work it in your life. And that's that's how I feel. So awesome. Very nice. Thank you for that. What about this one guys? What have been some of the most gratifying accomplishments or interactions you've been doing. Or interactions you've had as a coach, a trainer Chris will start with you. I mean this is so late at account to be on you know, four years like it says a lifetime. And the one that jumps to mind is I've been 81 year old client from England. A couple of injuries here and there he came to me. Yeah, just torn his quad and he just wanted to get back in the work just back in the swim and you know the guy went skiing last winter after after work with me for like eight or nine months. And which was incredible giving somebody your confidence and credit. And you know you're never freaking together the time they tell you hey I walked up the stairs with the laundry basket by myself without having to ask anybody for help. And that's that's just prices. You know, it really really is makes getting up and four o'clock in the morning worth amazing amazing jazz. What would you say for this one would have been some of your most gratifying accomplishments as a health coach. Yeah, again like Chris I've been doing this a long time so it's like too many to count but being able to empower my clients or my patients to advocate for themselves. For me just because I am more on the clinical side of things. A lot of times the health literacy is not quite there and so being able to educate the clients on exactly what is happening in their bodies. What what are these disease states what does this mean. It gives them the opportunity to then ask the right questions you know to their doctors and I would go with them virtually to their appointments just as a second set of years and to be able to kind of ask the questions and then they get used to it and then they do it themselves and you know then they know that they can do it on their own and know that they're being well taking care of and if they're not getting the answer they know to ask again. And not to just sit back and say oh okay well I didn't get it so that's it they you know they advocate for themselves and for me that's the biggest win so far. I love that I love that and Katie what about you. I'm going to go the powerlifting route with the slums so I have a client that started out he wanted to lose weight that was his main goal. And we started together last summer and we were doing you know whatever it takes to get to get there and I was telling him about you know the powerlifting competitions that was doing and just talking to him about that and he was like oh so what is that what does that entails so he was just like asking questions like every time we're meeting. So he got into powerlifting his first competition is next week I am so freaking proud of him because he came out of his shell like when I first met him he was just like one already answers closed in his little. In his little house and with the encouragement and being there to like just you know lean him along and be that little cheerleader like now he's able to like express himself through the weight training through the powerlifting and now he's so excited for the first powerlifting competitions I'm really excited about that. Awesome doing things they never thought they could do I love it. All right guys one more quick question for you so what qualities I want you guys name two qualities each what qualities you think someone becoming a health coach needs to have like what makes a good health coach Chris let's start with you. You need good organizational abilities could you get a lot of information when you're out there and you're talking to a billion people you need to be able to organize them and. Still not see them as a number that's still human being you're talking to with the same kind of problems you got trying to get better this thing where we all are. So organization is a real big one that's another one of the reasons flexed helps all ideas concentrate on my clients everything else is taking care of them scheduling and that's all done for me so it's a helps me give a superior product you know. And just just understanding that these are people and you know you're supposed to connect with them and they're not it's not just a number it's not just I did this many sessions per month it's like I affected this many people per month and once you start seeing it like that you can become a much better trainer coach or whatever you know. I love that thank you just how about you. So for me my two would be the first you kind of to be a little creative because you know what you think might work for everybody is not going to work for everyone and you might hit a wall with a client where what you were doing before is not working anymore and you have to really think outside the box and always said that a lot over this last hour but think outside the box and find new ways new and interesting ways to get them to keep reaching and keep you know hitting their goals because they will hit a wall at some point so keep an open mind of creative. And also you have to be an active listener so we do not want to just yes our clients or our patients to that that's not what we're here to do you know let them know your listening ask really good questions ask open ended questions you know to me use your motivational interviewing that you're learning through this certification and you know really let them know that you're there you're paying attention and you know. Repeat things back to them so that they know that you're listening just like Chris and how's your dog doing right how's your grandma all those things let's them know that you're really paying attention and you're you know giving them your attention. Love it love it and last but certainly not least Katie what are your thoughts on this one. Yeah I'm going to pick you off with what Jessica just said it's definitely needing to be a good listener for sure good listener and being empathetic to. To yeah to show that you're human being as well you're not just someone to show up and train them for an hour you're there to help them through it and to understand what's going on if their sleep is off of their anxiety is high like being able to talk through it and be a good listener. So they understand that you actually care if you're not there just to like Chris said it's not another session it's another person that you're helping so definitely a good listener being empathetic. I love that not even adding guys being detail oriented correct me from wrong like we deal with a lot of details as coaches as fitness professionals as health coaches and it's a lot of the details that our clients don't know they should be paying attention to. But very very detailed oriented being able to pick up on the little things that they're doing they're saying right their body movements their body language all that kind of stuff is super super important and of course you'll learn how to do this and with practice comes proficiency so you'll get really really good at this okay. Awesome guys well thank you so much lots of great information was shared today. Not yet no guys stay on with us. I've got some prizes and you must be present to win so stand by okay and we do have an amazing offer for you guys so I know some of you guys are already certified there's some questions just for you about flow well we'll get to that one about being in the middle of building your business already where do they start so stand by whoever asked that question. But for those of you guys who are interested in actually getting certified you haven't started that process yet not building your business that you need the education first. Remember what you get with our course you get your textbook it is an online course which is absolutely amazing because it's so flexible. Unlimited support from our student success team there are quizzes and of course the online exam to test your knowledge and get you ready and reinforce your learning. Downloadable templates of all the different health coaching documents that you'll need along the way and then places like flow well we'll get you everything else that you need and then of course the online final exam so everything you need guys in one spot which is amazing. We do have a promo for you guys so if you're a note taker jot this down we'll leave it on the screen for a little bit here you guys get 250% off and we're giving you a free course we're including our life coach course. Okay, so again even more even deeper into how to help people change their behaviors understand their behaviors get their lives together coach them in all aspects of their health their wellness and essentially their lifestyle. Okay, so as you're able to say $250 on the health coach elite program which includes three amazing courses health coach which we talked about today. I'm just a very interesting course which Katie has also done and our online coach course which helps you build an online training business again just a general fitness business great place to start and then let's make it specific for a health coach as we move forward with organizations like flow well and flex it. You guys is H.C. panel so I'm going to move from the screen that I'll bring that back up if you guys are looking for where to go and our website is along the bottom of all the slides guys. Okay, we do have some prizes so those of you guys are here I have a little a little person behind the scenes who's throwing in some names for me. Each of us are giving away one thing so with I.S. as a we're giving away one free specialization course and $800 value flex it has offered up a yoga mat and a t-shirt for one lucky winner and flow well guys is giving away one program scholarship a $1,300 value. Okay, you get to go through the flow well coaching program for free okay so I've got my winners drum roll everybody for the free flex it yoga mat and t-shirt and whatever email by the way you use to register for this session is what we have and they'll be reaching out to you independently. We have a Lex Schlosser Lex Schlosser congratulations you got the yoga mat and the t-shirt from Lex it for the ISSA specialization our winner is Kara or Kara sorry for said it wrong Lewis Kara Lewis congratulations and you get to choose which one you want and we've got over 50 so check it out and then for the free flow well program scholarship the big guy here are winner is Travis. Coral. Travis Coral congratulations. Nice to see some boys in here love it. That's awesome congratulations Travis. Guys so the email that you guys registered with Lex Kara and Travis we will be reaching out to you to get to your prizes this is amazing. All right so I know we got a ton of questions and we've got five minutes left so I'm going to start with the one that was sent into my little chat here and then I'm going to pop over to these ones. Jess there's a question for flow well what if you are already in the middle of building your business do you have to start at the build curriculum. This is no this is a great question so we do meet you right where you are so if you're coming in and we kind of assess where your business is at you can start in the grow some people come to us and they're ready to scale. We will do whatever we need to to grow your business from where you are and that is very very personalized so you don't have to wear it's not cookie cutter. You'll come in you'll meet with one of us and we'll go through kind of like Riff I Grant and see where you're at and start appropriately. Perfect so they'll meet you where you're at I love that a question for flex it Mr. Chris are there any Canadians who work for flex it or are they eligible to work for flex it. I'd have to I'd have to go up chain on that one I'm not 100% sure but I do know we have employees all over the country in other countries including Australia so we do have people all over the world. I'd like to say I'm 90% sure that we we've got people in Canada we've got I know we've got people in every time zone so I'm glad that I'm I was close to sure as I can be that we do have people up top. Awesome and I know Lisa from flex it is somewhere on this call so Lisa if you could chat me and let me know to confirm I think we're good to go there. There was a question how do I transition from a full time job into your own business what obstacles did you guys face so just let's to let's pose that to you. Yeah so there are a lot of obstacles I think the biggest for myself was that I was working full time had a couple kids and was trying it was like nope I want to start my own business and I didn't. I didn't have anyone to ask questions too so where I struggled the most was like spending hours and hours on Google trying to figure it out like what do I do next and that was probably the biggest hurdle because it took a really really long time. So if you can you can work full time if you have you know a couple of hours a week to dedicate to the flow out program you will succeed because our steps that you saw in that curriculum. Those are very strategic in that every single move to the next level moves the needle on your business so there is no guessing you don't have to say oh my gosh is this right should I be doing this or this like you don't skip around you go through the curriculum we built it that way so that you do not hit those speed bumps so. That would probably that's probably the biggest hurdle was like figuring out what to do with very little time so and that's why we exist because we wanted to to eliminate that issue so I hope that help. Absolutely yes thank you and that question was I believe from Charlotte good question to follow up on the last question about working from Canada. Looks like Lisa popped in here they can work for flex that as long as they are authorized to work in the US. Okay so you do have to be authorized to work in the US to work with flex a great question. There's another one here which I can answer real quick I already have a Cpt power lifting transformation youth and senior. Yes whoever this is nice work through ISSA is there need to add a specific health coaching certification to set me up to practice. Yep that's what I was referring to with the health coaching course yes guys you would want to be certified as a health coach in order to take your health coaching business to that next level. So that's going to be an important step. It's a great way to renew your already existing credentials so for those of you guys who have credentials you got a renewal anyway. So this would be the next step that would give you the credentials that you need to specifically move into health coaching. Great question. Diamond had a question and I think I'm going to host this from the Katie how do you get people to give you a chance or just engage with you or get hired in the industry. If your image does not display the ideal for fitness I love this question what would you say for this as an independent business owner currently. Oh yeah that's a great question because it's all about your niche and who your audience is because everyone is going to have something you know negative a say about anyone so if you are you know a size zero or a size 20 a personal trainer. If you have the credentials and if you have lived this you know fitness life then it's your you know up for the job you're up for the team so yeah absolutely. Definitely keep that keep your head up high and don't listen to the haters because haters are going to be everywhere. Absolutely yeah I love that thank you all right one more that I think all of you guys can have a little input on before we end our session today and thank you guys all for being here. The question was how do you guys maintain your own personal boundaries on time and energy with health coaching this person felt like the past clients were contacting them 24 seven. This person had a hard time persevering and maintaining their own physical and mental health with the constant accessibility. They didn't they wanted to be available for their clients but it was wearing on them Chris let's start with you how would you maintain your own personal boundaries. It's something that we're going all the time to be honest with you. I block off a specific time a day for myself to get my workouts to these stress to go shit and the pool to whatever. And then I just had my phone set up and do not deserve after workout and it doesn't matter you know unless it's an absolute emergency it's going to voice me I'll check it in the morning when I'm up to my network and that's really really helped me out you know. I love it. I love what about you, Jass. I still struggle with us because I'm just like take everything to take all my time and I still struggle with it now. So one of the things that I really try to focus on well I lean on my team all the time which is again going back to that support system. Being able to you know have them tell me it's okay to keep those boundaries just that it's fine you have to so I I do lean on the team. The other thing is that I communicate with my clients and the coaches that I work with that flow well to say this is what you can expect for me as far as response time. So they know that you know if you send a message in the chat you'll get a response you know in this many hours or if you send an email allow one full business day. Things like that like you know we don't meet outside of our meeting hours things like that that we're the expectations are set and there's very clear communication. So that way there are no surprises but I still again like Chris like I have to practice this every day. Love it. Yeah, what about you, Katie? Kind of the same between Jessica and Chris. Yeah, I establish those expectations right away with my contract with my clients. So I say specifically since it's all virtual they expect you know right away answers. So I say I will respond within 24 hours but these are the hours that I will respond in kind of things. So nothing you know before 5 a.m. not that anyone wants that or like after 7 p.m. kind of thing. So being able to establish those expectations right away so they know so they're not like why aren't you responding it's four clock on the afternoon. So just being able to set that boundary for yourself. So you can show up for your clients when you come. I love that and my final two cents on that you guys absolutely studying those expectations put it in writing go over it with your client and make sure that they sign it and agree to it period that way they can't say they never saw it or didn't know. But set those expectations for yourself and then I am a huge calendarer like I schedule everything and those of you guys who know anything about me. I do use sports performance college sports performance. I coach volleyball year round. I coach club volleyball year round. I have private clients. I have online clients and I do nutrition coaching like when I say that's people they're like I'm exhausted. I'm not because I schedule it. I'm sure that I schedule everything including my own time my own gym time time to hang out with my husband and my dogs right. My time to not do anything there's days where I don't want to do anything don't call me on this day. I'm not doing anything. It's almost a big scheduler and I stick with that schedule. So great questions you guys. If you guys are asking these kinds of things because it's important if you want to have a career helping people. Yeah, you do take on a lot of load like Katie said they're almost many therapists right we take a lot of heat for other people. But we have to take care of ourselves and we talk about self care today and really digging and taking care of yourself first. I would like to say you're no good to anyone else if you're not good to yourself. So never forget that. Katie Jessica Chris this has been phenomenal. Thank you guys so much for joining me today. No, this is a great and thanks every single one of you guys for being here this session was recorded. So everyone who registered will sheach you over the video in the next couple days once we get it edited down and stuck in an email for you. But again congratulations to our prize winners that congratulations. That was Lex, Cara and Travis excellent job you guys. But thank you so much for being here. We hope you guys are considering a career in health coaching building your business taking your training and your experience online. We've got everything that you need here. So thank you guys so much for being here again. I'm Jenny Scott and we will see you guys next time.

=== FILE: Master the Wall Sit—Benefits, Form, Variations, & Common Mistakes [jMvu84DIKYg].txt ===

NEIGHS

=== FILE: Personal Trainer Tip ： Helping Clients [51ishyii4ww].txt ===

Hey guys, it's Jenny. I just wanted to share some strategies with you guys on how you can help your clients overcome their emotional and mental blocks that they might be having, preventing them from reaching their fitness goals. So first and foremost, we are not psychologists. So just remember that. I know we all like to say that we're a little psychologist, this trainer is, but we're really not. But we can listen to our clients. When we see people struggling you guys, we can absolutely take some time, whether you sit down or whether you do it during a training session and talk to them. Let them talk. Let them tell you what's going on and just listen. Remind them that it's okay to feel the way that they're feeling. It's okay to struggle a little bit. No one's perfect and no one gets it right all the time. So I definitely recommend listening and then seeing what you can do to help this person. Sometimes that might be, you know what? Let's scratch this training session inside today. Let's go outside. Let's go for a walk. Let's go play some tennis, right? Help them enjoy what they're doing and leave it'll take their mind off of some of the other things going on in their life. And always remember, when in doubt, refer out. If your client needs a little additional help, it's okay to refer them to another professional that could help them a little further.

=== FILE: Personal Trainer Tip： Networking [NLVngIeFQdc].txt ===

I get everyone to talk about our content developer at ISSA and today I'm going to share something that I wish I knew when I first started in the industry. I wish that I knew the power of having a strong professional network or networking in general. I probably spent the first six or seven years in my career not really building a network. I was relatively successful as a trainer, but I didn't have much of a network. So in terms of learning about other opportunities, getting mentorship from other professionals that have been there and done that before me, I didn't really have that going for me. So it wasn't until about that point that I started to branch out, start to gain a little bit more of a network. And a lot of great things came from that. A lot of great education, a lot of great friendship, some great opportunities came my way. So again, if I can go back back to the late 1900s when I started, I would tell myself, hey, I'm going to start building that network now because it'll pay off later on. So please do get in the comments and let us know maybe something that you wish you would have learned when you started your own personal fitness journey.

=== FILE: Personal Trainer Tip： The Value of Becoming a PT [ZJKYOmyiakE].txt ===

Becoming a personal trainer has been incredibly valuable not only to me, but also to the lives of others that I work with For me, it has really allowed me to help people which is something that I truly truly value I love being around people and engaging with people and also educating people That's a big part of my role as a personal trainer and what I do here with ISSA As far as others, there's a lot of people out there You guys who need help who need some structure who need some guidance Who need to bounce some questions off of someone who knows fitness and nutrition the way that we do as fitness professionals So to those people, we are lifesavers and it's a great way to build relationships with people as well

=== FILE: Personal Trainer VS Self Training - How to Know Which is Best [iA03OMU_qjY].txt ===

music

=== FILE: Should You Add Pilates to Your Workout？ Yes, and Here’s Why [I1gRTzBBcpg].txt ===

🎵

=== FILE: Tips for Better Workout Recovery [zEwB77p9uHo].txt ===

Music

=== FILE: Top 10 Questions Answered Before Starting Your Personal Training Career ｜ ISSA CPT Q&A Session [Bmu-r8LVsvM].txt ===

Hello, good morning. We will obviously wait for everyone to join. Good morning, Alex. Happy Friday. Good morning, good morning to everyone who is joining. Happy Friday. Happy weekend. We survived another week. Hello, good morning. Good morning, good morning. All right. Well, we are going to wait a minute or two. We'll let everyone shuffle in. And then we are going to get started on our top 10 most asked questions that we get here at ISSA. While we're waiting for people to join in, I will just tell you a little bit about myself. I actually work here with the enrollment team. I am an enrollment support member over here for ISSA. I've been with ISSA going on six years now. So I've been here in the fitness industry, especially with ISSA, for quite some time. So I'm super excited to work with all of you today. We will answer these questions for all of you. And again, happy Friday. All right. Give it a couple more minutes. I hope all of you are having a great Friday. So far, great morning. Say good night for me because this night time my country will good night to where you are. Hello, Timothy. Hello to everyone who's joining. Good morning. Good morning. Happy Friday. Let's get it. Absolutely. It's the energy I need today. I got my energy during care too. Sorry if nobody is interested. That was, but I need a little pick me up on this Friday. Day is going great. Thank you, Timothy. All right. We're going to give it one more minute and then we will go ahead and we will get started. If you all have any questions as well, while I am going through these, please feel free to drop them down in the comments. And I will get to them. Obviously, if I can, while I am going through all of this. So we will go ahead and we will get started. All right. So here we go. So question number one. The most common question that we get all the time is do you need any prior Finnix experience or do you need a degree right within fitness in order to go through and get your certification become a personal trainer. So the answer to that is absolutely not. Okay. You do not need any experience prior to this in the fitness industry. You don't need a special degree. You don't need anything like that in order to go on this journey and get certified. Okay. All we say is that if you have a passion for helping others and you have a passion just for working out and overall health and well being, then this is absolutely an option you should explore right. If you love helping others and you love seeing other succeed and reach their goals, this is absolutely an opportunity that you should explore. So don't let that intimidate you thinking that you need all this experience prior or anything like that. That is absolutely not the case. And of course, that is actually what our certification is designed for right. It's to get you prepared for all of that. So you do feel confident once you get certified to go out there and start helping people. That is the first number one most common question that we do get. The second one that we get is how long does it take to get certified. So it is all at your own pace. You can get certified as fast as hey, I want to enroll today and I want to get this bad boy done by the weekend. I want to have my certification by Monday. If that's your M.O. you can absolutely do that. If you are someone like myself, I like to take a little bit more time to go through the course material. I probably need a little bit more time to read through it. I really like to soak in all of that information that I'm learning. Then I can take a little bit longer to get it done right. So we have up to three months for our certified personal trainer course and even more time if you need past that. And then we give you eight months to do your specialization courses. So we give you plenty of time. And like I said, you can get extensions on top of that if needed. On average, though, our students finished our certifications within four to six weeks. So that is on average the time frame that you're looking at. But again, if you do want to get it done sooner, you are more than welcome to get that done sooner. Or if you want to take your time, you can take your time. It is completely 100% up to you, which is the beauty I think of our course and doing it out your own pace. Now our third most common ask question is how much is this going to cost me? How much does it cost to get certified as a personal trainer? So that question can be very, very broad due to the fact that all of our packages and bundles, all of our courses, they're all customizable. So if you only want to take the certified personal trainer course, that's an option for you. But if you do want to elevate yourself a little bit more and you're looking at something like an elite trainer or a master trainer, that's going to be fully customizable to use whatever courses. We feel like we're going to plug in for you based on your goals. So the price can range all the way down from 50 to 60 dollars a month, all the way up to our highest package, which is around 175 dollars a month. Now with that being said to, we do have flexible payment options for you. So if you are like, hey, I would love to put this on a payment plan. We have in-house payment plans that are available to you because we think that everyone should have the cost efficiency to get certified. Or if you wanted to pit all of a front, you can do that as well. So we do have a range based on your budget, based on your needs, and based on your finances, how that's going to look for you and how we can work that in for you. So that's going to be the third most common ask question. So I'm going to go through here really quick. See if we've got any questions here. I have my kickboxing certification with ISIS. Say, love that. If you are figuring out how to get your certificate, you should be able to download it in your portal. If you were unable to download it in your portal, chat into us, we'll email that over to you. So please, please reach out to us. So we can get that over to you. Let's see, any other questions. I see a lot of people joining. So that is beautiful. Got my certification two weeks ago. Love that and you're working for a UFC gem. That is amazing. Oh, I love hearing what you guys are doing with your certification. Awesome. Awesome. Alright. So now we are going to go down to our fourth most ask question. So how much do person trainers make? So this is a very broad question. Okay, because it's all going to depend on where are you located within the country, where are you located in the world, right? So that is going to be very regional based. Is going to be how much person trainers are going to make in your area, or obviously where you're located in the world. On average, we do see that person trainers make between 50 to $100 an hour. But again, that's going to be a complete broad range based on are you working in a big box gym, are you working in a boutique gym, are you doing online training? How does that look for you? Right? So it is going to be a range. We always recommend that you check with gyms in your area that you're kind of scouting, that you're hopefully wanting to work at and score a job there. Definitely take a look at the job postings for personal trainers within your area. So that would be my advice there for you. Alright, question number five, how long does my certification last? And how do I renew? Do I need a renew? What does that look like? So your certification is going to last you two years before you'll have to do continuing education, which is going to be 20 credits. And then once you do your 20 credits, we're going to renew you again for another 20 years. So I think the cool part about when you go to renew after that two year period is yes, you can absolutely take another certification or some courses with ISSA to renew yourself. Or you can actually take an outside approved course as well if you would like to get learning elsewhere. We're definitely not gatekeeping any of our material and not saying that you have to come back to us for those 20 credits. We would love to see that. But if you see another certification that tickles your fancy with another certification company or an outside education source that you really, really are interested in, you can do your 20 credits there, bring them to ISSA and we will go ahead and apply them for you. Alright moving on to question number six. So after you get your certified personal trainer, are there other certifications that are going to help give you a competitive edge? Yes, absolutely 100%. So if you have seen our certifications or if you've been on our website, you know that we have a plethora of different courses to offer you. So really is going to be based on what is your niche, what do you want to focus on? What sort of clients are you wanting to train? So obviously yes, having your certified personal trainer is great to start off with, but adding something like a nutrition or adding something like the business of personal training or adding something like a corrective exercise is going to give you that competitive edge. Because not everyone is certified in those specific areas, right? So it's going to give you that competitive edge because let's just say someone walks into the gym and they're like, hey, I want to work with someone who specializes in seniors as well. If you have your senior or fitness certification, they're going to say, ah, I'm going to put them with you because you have that specific knowledge. So obviously the more information that you get, the more certifications you get under your belt, the more you are going to have that competitive edge over someone else. Okay, all right, I'm going to head here to the comments really quick. Let's see so many people joining still. Ah, so excited. Once you get certified, can we work with I say that is a great question. We actually do have a careers tab on our website. So if you feel like you have obviously a skill set that would align with us, absolutely please check out our career section on our website as stated. Go all the way down to the bottom. You'll see careers and all of our current job postings are on there. So that's a great great question. We would love for students to turn into members of ISA, obviously on our workforce. I do smack myself there with my little, my little rope on my jacket. Let's see here. What is the easiest way to reinstate and expired group fitness certification? I would definitely recommend. Laura, if you want to reach out to us, we either have you can call into our queue or enrollment queue, or you can hop on our website and chat in with us. We can go ahead and take a look at your account and see what options we have for you and then further help you from there as to what's going to be the best option for you. Okay. All right. I'm going to hop back in here. So we have question number seven. So how are you going to prepare to pass your final exam? Okay. We have a lot of different options in regards to that. So what comes with the course of in with itself is going to be all the quizzes you can take. So all the quizzes leading up to it are going to prepare you for that final exam. Okay. The biggest thing though, too, is we do have add-on features that you can add to enhance your experience with obviously retaining that knowledge for your final exam. So we do have the option for the fast track, which is super, super handy. We have the study expansion pack, which I personally love for myself. I don't know if there's anyone out there who struggles a little bit sometimes with learning material. The study expansion pack is awesome. I know it seems a little odd, but it has like crossword puzzles in there. There's like flash cards and there. There's a bunch of different learning material aside from just going through and reading and then taking the quizzes and then going on to your final exam. I personally think that that helps, you know, a person like me prepare a lot better for the final exam and not instance. We also do have a CPT bootcamp and then we also have a live learning experience that goes with that as well. So like I said, we have a lot of different features that can help you with preparing for your final exam. However, I will say that I take a lot of pride in ISSA for the course materials that we give you and those quizzes already, to prepare you for the final exam. And of course, it is open book and it's on time. So if you do, you know, your end of the middle of a question you're like, man, I know I learned this. Let me just get back to that chapter and refresh myself really quick. You do have that ability to go back as well. So there are lots of ways to be prepared and feel confident going into your final exam. And we do have a very, very high pass rate and success rate with our final exam as well. So rest assured there in regards to that. Our number eight to most common question that we get is what job opportunities are going to present themselves or what is going to be out there for me once I get certified. So this is a very, very broad question because there is a lot of different things that you can do with your certified personal trainer once it in your hands and once you are certified. So a lot of our certified personal trainers do go out and they do seek job opportunities with more so big box gyms in their areas. We always say that's a really, really great place to start due to the fact that they obviously help you with, you know, gaining clients there. And then they will also be able to show you the ropes. Right. So if you are new word of the fitness industry, you are new word of being a certified personal trainer. I tend out of 10 recommend going to a big box gym first, learning the ropes there and then kind of venturing out. But there is the opportunity as well to work for boutique gyms, right? So I know a lot of people within my personal life who actually are contracted with boutique gyms. They rent out this face and they have their own client load and they just do their thing in their own space, right? And then obviously as we have seen in the past 10 years more specifically after COVID, we have a huge boom and uptick in online coaching. So online coaching is another really, really great option. And I'm just going to shamelessly point out the business of personal training course is great for anyone who is wanting to become an online trainer. Due to it being focused on running your own certified personal training business, it'll teach you how to market yourself and do all that good stuff online. And then in addition to that, I mean you saw in the comments here, we have people that are working at UFC gyms. So if that's more of your jam and more so that niche looking at UFC gyms are looking at more so MMA gyms. So there is a whole world out there with personal training that you can obviously put your hat in the ring for whatever interest you in that regard. I feel like there's health and wellness, my apologies, and various different industries that you can explore. So the job opportunities are definitely endless. All right, so our number nine most asked question is what makes ISSA CBT course unique, right? We have a lot of different certification companies out there. I know obviously there's a lot of popular ones NASM and ACE are going to be the two that I feel like I hear the most from everyone. So what kind of sets us aside from them? So we do offer a job guarantee, which I think is absolutely incredible. It is for our US residents. We do offer again the fast track. We have the study expansion pack. We have an entire student success department. Our course as well. Not only do you have the option of taking the online exam. You do have the option as well to take the proctor exam, which we include for you, which not. I don't want to say not a lot of other certification companies offer it, but not a lot of other certification companies offer that for you. We do have the option for payment plans and the flexibility of paying for your certification as well. So there are a lot of different things that make I feel like ISSA's CBT course unique. The biggest one that I cannot stress enough is we really do prepare you to go out there and start training people as soon as you have your certification. So the amount of aids that we provide to you within your course materials we provide videos. We provide examples of how to give your client and evaluation. And then what do I do with this information? What do I do with this evaluation? And how do I put it into play for making an actual program that's going to benefit them? These are the sorts of things that our course really sets you up for. It sets you up for those real life experiences that you are going to be facing with your clients. So that is the biggest thing that sets us aside from everyone else and makes us completely unique in the industry is how prepared you're going to be when you step foot in that gym or you step foot online and you're like, hey, I'm taking clients. You are going to be prepared to do so. All right. And then number 10 our last one. How does becoming a certified personal trainer with ISSA give you an edge? So as I just stated this kind of roles into what I was saying before. The biggest thing that's going to set you aside is going to be the fact that you are going to be prepared right off the bat to start helping people to start taking on clients to start putting programming together. Right. So that is going to set you aside from someone else. Again, I don't want to name any certification companies, but someone who may have just got on the basic information, right, and that all that's all it kind of was was information. There was no really helpful tools on, okay, now how do I put this into play? How do I make these puzzle pieces fit together in a way that makes sense for me and it also makes sense for my client, right? So that is going to be the biggest thing that's going to give you an edge from everyone else. And then also to I will say with ISSA, we do have 10,000 gym partners across the United States as well. So I think that that also gives us a really really huge edge aside from everyone else is being such a well known company within the fitness industry. We've really established ourselves and we've really established a name for our trainers out there. And they have the ISSA certification in their hand and they are ready to take on clients and ready to get out there. All right, so that is going to wrap up our 10 most common questions for today. I did want to say if I did not get to your questions or comments in the comment section today, I do apologize, but I would like to say there are a couple of different options for you if you did not get your question answered. Please send us over a direct message. We do have someone actively answering our direct messages. So send your question over question or comment over to us directly. That's the first option. The second option is going to be we are available online on chat as well. So if you go to ISSA online.com, there will be a chat box and you can go ahead chat into an enrollment specialist and we are online and ready to help you. I know sometimes not everyone has the opportunity to be on the phone and to call in. So we do have that option available to you if you prefer to chat with someone. And then our third option is going to be that call in option. Okay, so if you would like to talk to someone verbally and you do want that voice to voice connection to get those questions out and get those answers that you're seeking. Please please go ahead and just give us a call in. You can also find all of our contact information directly on our website on ISSA online.com. Go ahead, call in and we are ready and available to help you. Thank you so so much to everyone who joined us today. I really really appreciate it. Thank you for spending these last 20 minutes with me on this beautiful Friday. I hope that you all have an amazing rest of your day and an incredible weekend. Take care everybody.

=== FILE: Turn Your Passion for Health & Wellness into a Career. [tdIWfjT98pM].txt ===

My career is, I am an employee while being coordinator for a public school system in the state of Kansas. We have about 37,300 staff members. And this is a benefit that has provided to our staff to help encourage them to live healthier, happier lives. And as a health coach, I can work with them, helping promote their happiness, the resiliency, save money, budgets, and just help them live longer, more productive happier lives. And I became a coach to basically make myself a little more marketable to help meet the needs of the staff. And then also, this is something that's becoming quite popular as a benefit that companies offer to their staff. Even doctors offices now do have health coaches that work as a liaison between the patient and the doctor. So I do not regret for a minute obtaining the certification. In fact, I'm just so grateful that I've done it because it really has helped me do my job much more efficiently and effectively.

=== FILE: Unleash Your Full Potential： A Powerhouse Webinar with Kai Greene [CHFLTwvOo78].txt ===

Well hello everyone. Welcome in super excited to have you guys here. The whole bunch of you guys. We're going to give it just a minute here before we dig in. I know you can see my guests with me. Welcome into our webinar. Super excited to have you guys here. It's going to be a fun discussion. You're like 60 more seconds guys. And I do want to point out. I'll introduce myself in just a moment here. But I do want to point out, you guys, this session is going to be recorded. So everybody here, even if you have to drop off the call for any reason, you will get an email in the next couple days with a recording of this session. So keep that in mind. You will be able to go back and rewatch all over this information. But we're super excited to have you guys here. Nice. We've got a good little group here, Joe. All right. I think that's about as much time as we're going to give them guys. Let's go ahead and dive on and welcome everyone. Thank you so much for joining us. This is a production of ISSA partnered with TriFact. We are talking with a very special guest, Mr. Kai, green. You guys already know you registered for this. You're here for a very special reason to speak with him. So I'm super excited to give you guys that opportunity and to hear from him about his career and some of the things that he's been through and some things that he can share with you guys. So welcome into our webinar today. I do want to take some time to introduce those of us who are on this call. I'll start real quick. My name is Jenny Leewell. I will be the facilitator or the host for our session today. So you'll hear a little bit from me, but it's all about our two guests of honor today. I am a senior content developer with ISSA and a working personal trainer of going on 16 years now. So super excited to offer some insight for you guys in that realm. I'm going to talk about it on over to Greg Connelly from TriFact. Greg, introduce yourself. Hey guys. I'm Greg Connelly. I've done a few of these with the ISSA now, but founder CEO of TriFact. We're one of the largest organic meal delivery services in the United States. We've sold about half a billion dollars worth of food. We shipped all 50 states and we work with a lot of legends in the fitness space like Kai. So yeah, Kai, if you want to, I guess you don't need an intro, but want to get people the quick background. What's up everyone? It's your boy, K with the AK Aims to getting a done. I have to be pro Kai Green. Man, you know, I, I, I, how would I actually describe myself? What for purposes of this introduction? I am definitely lucky enough to be associated with the National Sports Sciences and I represent a tri-factor. I believe myself to be an artist entrepreneur, athlete and a continuing process of success in its development. So it's my privilege and my honor to be able to share some of these insights with you today and be a part of this platform. Absolutely. We're super excited to have you with us Kai. And if you guys have seen anything about this guy, ready to think about this gentleman. Watch this documentaries. I have done all of the above super excited to learn from you. I'm very creative. My super excited. But thank you both for being here with us. I do want to go over a quick agenda for you guys just so you know exactly what are we doing here today. So we'll start off with a little bit about I SSA and trifecta. We'll keep this part brief, but we do want you guys to understand who we are. We'll get some amazing insights from Kai on his career. This is going to be a fun session where this is where probably a lot of the questions are going to come from. So the chat will be open you guys and the Q&A, the question section will be open. So please any questions you guys have for Kai. We're going to do our best to save some time at the end for him to answer some of those. We'll talk about unique careers and fitness journeys with that you guys can get into fitness and change your life and the lives of others. We'll learn a little bit more about partnering with brands like trifecta and they have some amazing affiliate program options available. And a lot of companies out there you guys are following their lead. So we'll have Greg right here with us. Tell you guys about how they do that affiliate program what that looks like for you as a fitness professional. And then we do have some prizes and you must be present to win. So I will say that which means you got to stick with us all the way through the session and at the very end before we do our Q&A we will announce our prize winners. So definitely stick around for that. But again, be sure to put your questions in the Q&A or the chat feature. All right. Any question is a good question. So I will go ahead and kick us off here guys before I toss it on over to Greg to talk to you guys a little bit about who is ISSA. Some of you guys that you actually recommend recognizing some names of people that are here with us. But some of you guys are familiar with ISSA but for those of you guys who are not we were started in 1988. We are one of the top if not the top fitness certification company out there. We have the most certified fitness professionals in the world out of any certification organization. And we also have quite the offering as far as our courses we offer more than 50 industry approved certifications. So I'll talk a little bit about some of the brands and some of the reaches of our education. But our goal is to certify it more than 100 million people and connect everyone with healthy living by 2030 and we are well on our way. We also offer leading student success support for you guys as students with ISSA. We have live instructor led options lots of different course offerings as well. Some of the brands that we do partner with you guys are brands that we've brought into ISSA. We love them so much and what they offer for you guys but we incorporated them into what we offer. We know the yoga and wellness academy including an accredited yoga certification. We're part of the health coaching institute functional nutritional alliance FII which is for senior fitness revolution running and even train fitness. Our certifications range from health coaching to personal training to nutrition to group personal training to all kinds of specializations in between including bodybuilding. We've got you covered there. We've got everything that you could possibly want and we're super super proud to have quite a few accredited certifications and an affiliation with yoga alliance. We're so proud to have you guys here and learn a little bit about us but I also want to talk to you guys about us. Before we get into the affiliate side of trifecta tell these guys a little bit about trifecta. Yeah absolutely so for those that aren't familiar with us we're the largest organic meal delivery service in the US. We have title sponsored tons of events like the you know Mr. Olympia the CrossFit Games we built the UFC's bike prep program and most recently actually this month we were featured in the Netflix documentary you are which you eat. Where we fed both the omnivores and the vegans in this big Stanford study that was pretty phenomenal because it was done on identical twins. It's awesome. Great show. Yeah so it was amazing we trended number three in the world on that Netflix docu series for almost a month so huge hit that we were thrilled to be a part of. But then beyond that trifecta is targeted at athletes we focus on everybody from professional athletes like kai to you know fitness professionals in general gym owners and then you know what I call average guys like myself that are doing their best to stay in great shape. So our whole program is designed around fat loss and muscle gain later in the the combo today I'll talk about our affiliate program which is really designed to make more money for trainers, gym owners you know celebrity athletes etc. And then we also offer something called we call meal prep where you can actually order food by weight so if you want to get real serious like kai or Jenny we can actually ship you. Stay same in chicken you know broccoli rice whatever in particular it is by weight so you can dial in your macros to the gram. So lots of options from trifecta and really we're just trying to to give back to the fitness community with this webinar to you know help educate people on how to work with brands how to make money with brands and of course how to build your personal brand as well which. You know kai is somewhat of the subject matter expert on. Oh, no pressure. And I do want to call out for those of you guys who are enrolled with or certified through iSSA we do partner with trifecta so we do offer discount for students and members with iSSA. Logging as say trainer.com across the top there's a nice little menu go to the professional division section at the very top and there's exclusive discount and you will find the discount for trifecta. How to redeem that so if he's peaked your interest definitely go check it out and take advantage of that discount all right well now let's get to the man of the hour I've got some questions for you. Okay, you ready for this. I think there's cost yeah, no I'm ready. Wait, I got to go you ready. Well, the first question kai we all want to know how did you actually start your personal training career. So how did I start my personal training career? I like most people had a lot of different ideas about. What I need to do to get started and like a lot of people may think I thought like. I think. I think you say that. The honest truth is I think my journey started when I realized that I wanted to. I wanted to do more and I wanted to be better and. I wanted to do that there was something about my personal experience something about my responsibility to myself. That. Good only be satisfied by investing in learning to do something that. Speak the the biggest possible meaning. I've become good at something and I saw martial arts film when I was a kid wasn't even a teenager yet and I saw. When watching this film. Some kids that weren't much younger than me that were already elite level masters at martial arts. I was nine at the time. I might be too old to actually find something to get good at. So I need to start in the beautiful thing about I think the process of developing yourself and discovering your. Ability to develop your fitness journey forward. I started right where you are. So my first personal training endeavor, you know, really had all to do with. Being concerned with the matter of me. I was watching enough to discover that. I could start that journey right where I was. I was able to do that at the tender age of being that young. That's really when my journey started and I think. I was able to move on and grow and get to a place where I could find better direction and come up with good ways to answer some of the questions that I would. Discover along the way of my journey to develop. International sport sciences was a very good and positive resource for me at a time when I was ready and realized I needed most. That's awesome. I thought when you did get certified through I have to say like how did you use that information and what you gained from it to like really build your career. So the the interesting thing about that is that yeah, I wanted to be better and I needed to. I needed to understand up until I think up until a certain time of my earlier development. I did like most people do I get my hands on any piece of information that I could and if I heard somebody that. I would talk about their experience and it looked like something that. Interested me because I thought that that information satisfied. The question that I really do understand that I was on in regards to my fitness journey. I listen to it, you know, and I think all roads eventually led to. I think I was going to be getting to a place where hey, you know. I. Thought about getting certified, but. At that time my goal wasn't to really start a career in personal training as. As a tool to to. My business to sell something to someone else as a service. This was a for me a very real and personal experience that really started with the investment of developing my life. So like the information I wanted to learn how to. I had to build my chest I wanted to learn what it was to to discover the makeup of my chest I wanted to build bigger arms I wanted to I wanted to understand. More. Of. Some of the information that I was picking up along the way like most people I picked up a magazine and I picked up a different. I took from the different resources that you could find available to you when you have an interest in something. But the educational part of it the the breakdown of some of the sciences involved that related to trying to understand the what's going on under the hood. For me. Was really where I. I got a great sense of help. Yeah, I think honestly that's that's the the honestly best way to answer that. And then that's what's what science is was that is the place that I went to. After technically just experiencing a whole lot of. Stuff you know life happens and I grew up. I'm still growing. I have aspirations I want to be as successful athlete. And I didn't care about anything else. It's just the truth. I was an abysmal failure and a lot of other things but when it came to at least the discipline. And my ability to train I knew it made me feel better and I knew that in doing that I was able to demonstrate. But myself what it felt like to be in control. And as a result of doing that I became more aware of my own personal power. And I was able to start to use that control to better navigate my way over some of the challenges in my life. So I wanted more of that I was successful at this thing. And I needed more information to become better you know. So yeah, friend of mine actually a counselor one time I had been in a counselor in a institution facility. I was at as a teenager. Actually put you know, put the money up and paid for me to get a. A certification in something now up until that point I hadn't. I didn't graduate high school. I didn't you know start anything with school. I thought school was just something I was so far from the realm of possibility for me. But I knew I appreciated the the things that what positive from you that came. For my experience with training and homing my discipline and. I the ability to learn. More things to help me do that more professionally made all the sense in the world to me. So even though I didn't feel like I was much of a success. I was in a realm of you know being in a you know person that did. Inspired to do those other things I went to get certified. I took the course. And what I discovered while taking the course was like, wow, you know what I love science. You know. I love everything related to the things that. I was able to see was spoken to so positively. By the coursework and the opportunity that I had that. That time I liked to to you know experience that. I went to workshop or two that was also. Part of the package at the time. And I got a chance to meet. Dr. Halffield and I got a chance to you know. I was just a little bit of a chance to be able to stand in the same room with Tom Plats and. You know, these were iconic figures for me that I've got the chance to read about, you know, years before meeting them and watching. I'd seen countless hours of footage. Of Tom Plats and I got a chance to just be exposed to a lot of the things that were really. I'm just a material that just helped me. Again, discover a better part of myself that existed and you know, I. I took the course. I did very well. I loved the educational experience and technically. Through that I went, you know, I ended up wanting to continue. So I ended up going and being so inspired after the course that I wanted to go back to school and I. You know, got my. G. D. And I went on to went to. I went to college. Yeah. And. I know it can sound like something that is really not. Almost like. So this probably not very honest, but technically for me. The experience to be able to have this opportunity to talk with. Everyone that's willing to listen today. I think is the opportunity for me to also say that in an effort to answer this question. Honestly. The career path and things that I discovered. When I got and certified. For me. Was really about answering the question of what's going to happen to my life, you know. And I didn't do it as a I didn't get certified at that time as well. You know, I'm trying to get a job. I did it because it was an investment in. How I saw. The next stage of my. Right thinking personal development process unfold. And I was very, very happy to discover on the other side of that experience. And it wasn't wrong. Yeah. I love that. So I mean, you did this for you, essentially in the beginning. Is that a big advice that you would have for people like do it for yourself. First, be your own best and first client. I think it's very important to find somebody that you really do believe. Matters to you. You know, the ability to search for information sometimes just because. I have to try to pass a test. Sometimes for some people that's that's probably not enough reason to. Find your best, you know, to really want to do your best. And at least for me. My steps towards that let me to getting certified was really just. Rapped in the idea of believing that this is the thing that allowed me to learn more about something that I really did care about. You know. When we started talking about exercise science. Well, I was I was working hours and hours and years by that point of working out on my own in the blind. You know, just, you know, with just gobs and gobs of passion that you know. Allow me to get through it, not be by because it was a dry tree, but because I really wanted it, but when I. Started to do the coursework that allowed me to get ultimately certified, but that was this stuff that was really. That's the stuff that unlocked the mystery and it kind of made a lot of the things that I started to understand or struggle with in the process of my fitness journey. Me, it made a lot of that makes sense, you know. And still today, you know. Originally, I was certified many, many, many years ago, you know. And it was it was the starting point for me to discover and realize a lot of really awesome things about myself. That even today I look back on and I still feel very rewarded richly. By having had my relationship with in a natural sports sciences start as it did, you know, and it's one of the things that I technically want to give back today. So, you know, being on this. On this platform today and sharing very candidly my own personal. Story for me is. And large part because I believe there's somebody that really can possibly benefit from hearing. Me share this with you. It is very candid and. The only I could do it, you know. Yeah, here we are. Yeah. So you mentioned some of the challenges that you had when you started your own journey, right? Not knowing what you were doing, but then learning about it getting better at it. When you're actually working with clients, or some of the challenges you faced with helping other people. Kind of essentially see the light or realize that here's what we need to do to get you where you want to be. So it is a thing you you don't necessarily have to. Sometimes in the traditional sense, we'll look at something and say, well, you know, you have to. In order for this answer to apply to you, I have to see you in this specific way as in saying that this person is a client. Sometimes I think in an effort for me to answer your question, I realize I have to be more expansive with how I apply the term client. On your journey personally, you're going to be confronted with a lot of challenges, you know, you're going to meet. And in this day and age where a Google search away from just a wealth of information that a lot of times can be given without context. And a lot of times for a person that's trying to navigate their way of being successful with their fitness journey, their own personal fitness journey, you know. You'll find there's a lot of information out there to to pull from and how do you know what piece of information applies to you at this particular time in your life that. Is the most critical I think. Being able to be certified or to go through the process of getting that piece of information. I discovered that I was a client, you know, I would have been I would fit the mold of what my what my first client was and everything's everything forward. And even to the point in an opportunity of you know now having a relationship with my sponsors and with trifect and being able to realize the development of my name and my my influence as a brand all of those things were built out of. The initial steps that really just came from identifying what I loved. Realizing that there was a benefit to me to learn more about the what's going on under the hood of that experience for me and whether I chose to. Identify myself as a client one or client 100 it was. It was necessary to begin to start and now have been able to. As a as a kid I was able to now make better sense of some of the things that I the first book I ever learned how to read was. Arnold Schwarzenegger's encyclopedia of of body building and. Carthelites. But this was a book when I was a teenager that was like it was it was larger than the Bible you know it was it was just really big book and at a time I you know also I will say this you know I didn't I don't read until I was 16. I was a one of those kids that grew up with the parent that you know has family time reading to you before you go to bed and I grew up without a love for reading at all you know and until. Until until I actually you know got around that age technically I did not have a love or interest in reading it wasn't until. I got the opportunity to. I have that book that was given to me by by a counselor in institution facility. Um. Um. It's seeing all the beautiful black and white photos in it and wanting to understand what was being said and. To unlock the key to all of the things I started to at least open my mind to the possibility of. You know this thing called nutrition and and and muscles and then. It was a starting point that allowed me to really get ready for. Walking into a place where I got. The manual with um international four sciences and now with that I got the in between information that. I was so refreshing at that time of my life and it just it really helped me start to. Answer more of the questions that I had that. Any person that's trying to develop their own fitness journey on their own turns by themselves would actually have to have you know. Um so it explained the things that I didn't understand in a more. Specific. Um and insightful way. Um that even through the issues and challenges that I felt like I was faced with earlier one of my. My development. Um. It made it easier for me to understand and. Yeah, my client X became me right my client one was only going forward. To truth is I went and now I mean I was able to you know, not to the other side of the floor. I was so much of my own e-books and things and you know, find myself in the process of you know still working and. Believing and unlocking the potential power in myself. Um that allowed me to realize the opportunities to find myself on more platforms and with more opportunity to speak. Um and because I had been exposed to the information that really help me understand. I identify the right thinking ability to speak to what you may identify as client. One thousand in each one of the people that have gotten the chance to be exposed is some of the training philosophy that I understand. Some of the in the trenches experience when I'm in the gym, when I've been in the gym on my journey that caught a lot of the cross, a lot of ridges and meet a lot of personalities and work with them and and train with them and answer some questions while actually in the trenches of the experience. My journey hasn't all just existed in one experience and as it continues to unfold, I think the term client, you know, if I would have looked at it as that, you'll see that there's so many people that are under your influence or exposed your influence. As an authority, you know, with some things under your credit, with some, you know, titles and trophies and some, you know, really wonderful associations, you know, with your name and your brand. I think every one of those influences or those that will be influenced by become a potential client, you know, and I believe that a lot of what I'm able to do as confidently as I'm able to speak to today was aided in large part by those initial steps and the resource work that I got with working within a natural sports sciences. Some of these things, so speaking of yourself as a brand, by the way, let's start talking a little bit about you as a brand and the things that you do. So I know you partner with Tri-Factor, you partner with a lot of different companies, actually, so let's be real. We're going to keep it focused today. No, with you. Like, when we're talking about you, though, what do you focus on for your nutrition to maximize your energy performance, your results? What do you focus on usually? What do I focus on? Well, my nutrition is obviously the place to start absolutely. I think your nutritional plan is shaped by your goals. Now, I met a very interesting time in my life in career where I don't subscribe to the same exact protocol and approach to my day and training development, you know, as I would and as I have when getting ready for competition, I stopped, surprised to say, you know, I am not quite competing in the president's, you know, I think possibly subject to change. But one of the things that I just definitely have to say is that, you know, nutrition is everything. It's very, very, very important when you have your goals in line and you know what you want to do, whether you're competing or not. And we're saying that, yeah, Tri-Factor helped me down and they do every, every so often I have to say this because it was a time when we had a very interesting situation, you know, that affected everybody, you know, and COVID came down to pipe. It, you know, the shutdown was a real thing, you know, it was a real thing and for a lot of people it was very difficult to get around some of the challenges that it, you know, that it represented. And, you know, one thing that very, very interestingly enough, I have to say, I have to make sure that I got my males every, every week without incident. Like I really do believe that if they had to send it by a drone, a big orange and white box, you know, it was shipped and truth be told is so funny because everybody had their own challenges. But, you know, I managed to be my staff at another time when I actually, I just something to come to the company and I had to host the things and responsibilities. But with that we had this warehouse and tri-factor sent me enough food to be able to not always support me. But everybody in my office, we had, if we needed to sequester ourselves at the warehouse and the office space that I had in Jersey at the time, you know, we made sure we had stacks of salmon, stay, I mean, times when there was, there was, there was, you know, it was a real crisis, it was a real crisis. And I'm just saying it's for the people that, you know, I don't know, there's a lot of people that might, you know, feel like there's some, something to benefit from this moment of candor, just share this with you guys. And, you know, it was a wonderful thing to be able to win, it was a talent, it was a talent. People were complaining about not enough to go around certain stores, just weren't even getting deliveries, you know, you know, when people were talking about bear shelves and it's some places and really, you know, hit very hard by the difficulties brought by the shut down, from the old ways came through, they always came through, I mean, as my mentor, I was in, well, I was, I mean, truth is, I was, I was, I was expecting that they wouldn't come through as, I mean, because in truth, when things happen, it's, you know, especially to the extreme that we all experience during that time, you know, any day you would expect that okay, yeah, that didn't come. It's not coming anymore. We'll have to probably, I don't know, but that never happened, it never happened. It was as if we were totally unaffected, you know, when it counted, because with saying that there were people that were, that started their prep, you know, before the, the shut down happened and, you know, you saw a lot of people that were working out with bands at home and, you know, trying to do the best that they could and, you know, there was some very big challenges that I think a lot of people faced when it came to even saying with certainty what their meal plan would be, you know, if they could, if there are people that started their show prep and stopped, you know, simply because of inaccessibility. And I guess at a moment like this, what they platform that we have right now, I think, it's only appropriate to mention this because, you know, if the tradition is as important as it is and we understand that that is, that is a truth, that is undeniable, you know, I was really held down, you know, during that whole experience. And I was in a good place because I actually did, I got my meals sent to me without incident. That is if I don't know what they did, you know, I don't know what challenges the company may have been faced with in an effort to try to maintain their ability to service their clients. A lot of challenges. Yeah, we, we definitely had major issues in the pandemic, but we were a part of the governor's task for St. California to keep shipping food because people couldn't get food. Exactly like you were talking about. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Would you say, guys, that some of these brand partnerships have kind of helped you advance your career? Like obviously you hide your own companies and you are your own brand, but partnering with some of these brands have they helped you advance your own career and what would you give as far as advice for those here that are looking to maximize not only their visibility, potentially their income with some of these partnerships. Well, I mean, one of the things that's been, I guess, very helpful, at least for me, has been to be clear about what's important to me and what what what I wanted to do with the development of of myself and ultimately what becomes your brand. I think I think for me, that is that is the place where I start, I think associations are cool, but it's it's something to be said for being able to identify what you want to stand for. And what is going to be what is important to you, I think will be ultimately, you know, determined by that and I think the right associations will take shape as a result of that. Yeah, I think that right, I'll be able to give us some insight on how they can make money doing it, because again, really cool affiliate opportunities out there. You know, I really do believe that if you, if you, I once heard it said that, you know, find something you love to do, learn how to, you know, be willing to learn how to master doing it very well. And, you know, I'm a stop right there, because I realize what I'll do is, I'll probably start paraphrasing it enough, where I'm not. No, where it is, all right, okay, one more question for you here. What are your future aspirations? I know you said that, something that are possibly coming, but what are your future aspirations on the fitness industry? So, and fitness, this is a very important part of my life, starting with just my right to decide as a person, what's going to happen with the matter of myself. Everybody has that responsibility, you know, before I can talk about brands and labels and, you know, the flashy stuff that's on the surface, I think the truth is, everybody has to answer the question of, you know, what's going to happen to you, the matter of you, what are you going to do about it, how are you going to, so for me, getting up in the morning, I know that my fitness, you know, affects my health, and my responsibility to at least that part of my development is important to me. So, I'm always going to, I'm always going to train, you know, it's also a very important part of my therapeutic approach to my self development. So, training is a wonderful release for me, it's just an amazing vehicle. So, I'm always going to train, and it's far as like the things that come from that, I think, the ability to have, I guess some kind of influence, you know, I think it starts with with Elise doing that for myself. So, the matter of me, I address that way, and, you know, obviously with that, I'm, you know, I have some acting that I'm doing. I, you know, I'm an artist. I have a lot of artistic projects that are in the works currently as we speak, preparing to do a major art show, and really awesome gallery and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and this allows me to do really stand on the development of some things that are really personal with me that I really want to be a share with the world. I, you know, have another company which is like a dynamic muscle comics, and I had to, you know, put together a comic, you know, intellectual property that is, you know, King Kai, and, um, I'm really, you know, behind the scenes, you know, involved in developing some of those things, um, you know, and working with some music, I have some musical projects that are, you know, um, a particular tape, and we have a number of things that I'm doing with, um, some of my sponsors, in fact, my supplements sponsor that's based in Dubai. Presently, um, we're working that, you know, get some new products to come to the for great process of being able to share them with the international market. I, um, I consider myself to be a, um, you know, a success that is continuing to develop, um, and with that, I, I just recognize myself to be an example, and I know that as a result of some of the things that people have gotten a chance to see, you do in an effort to overcome some of the challenges, uh, you were faced with earlier running in life. There's an expectation to either, you know, aim to represent, you know, um, a really positive, larger possibility, all fall from grace. Um, it's not going to work pretty well. I want to, I want to, and you know, I, you know, I believe it starts with, with, it mattering to you or in this case, me, and I'm very, very thankful for the relationships that I've been able to develop to this, this time of my life, and I am, I'm very optimistic. And happy when I consider that there's room for more, and I would want to, you know, represent the larger idea that you're best as you had to come, you know, so it's always worth it to continue to work, you know, to continue to believe in yourself, even when you get these, some, some challenges that can speak to you and sometimes they can knock you down, you know, um, they can really knock you down on the other side of the COVID experience and the shutdown, there's a lot of businesses that have been absorbed and, you know, shuffled about and even lost. And it can sometimes with some of the pressures that exist, and we could see happening, you know, in an international space and some of the things we can see domestically at home that are very challenging and speak to, you know, speak to us in ways that we can, that can make us feel very afraid. I feel like it's important to at least say this that my fitness journey allowed me to recognize that it's worth it to work and to work at all is an expression or exercise in hope, faith, and belief, you know, our ability to share on this platform today. We are representing that idea of hope, you know, we may call it fitness, we may call it, you know, nutrition, we may call it, you know, but the truth is, you know, if a person is not, you know, hopeful or in a place where they believe in the rightful promise of tomorrow and willing to work today to improve the quality of what that tomorrow will be. It's not enough hope sometimes to see your own way through. So I'm just saying it's to say that I recognize that there's a there's a responsibility to to to to represent that hope and to remember the idea of hope. Wherever you are, you know, the ability to invest in yourself and to want to develop, you know, your way positively through nutrition through your fitness journey, your ability to to stay positive and to believe that tomorrow is worth it to work for and that the larger possibilities that you still want to experience in your life, you know, it still belongs to you, you know, and making the choice to exercise to train to learn more about it. So you could put this quality life in your own terms, you know, and secure that for you, can be helped by the platform that we're talking about today and the resources that we have the opportunity to share as they're available. Yeah, that's a great point, Kai, and that's a lot of what we do as fitness professionals. We do get the opportunity to make money, doing something that we all love. I feel like everybody here loves exercise. They love working out. They love training, right? Just like yourself. We get to improve our own personal fitness. You talked a lot about that today. Share the benefits of fitness. Have that hope for people because we know that exercise is good for everybody. We all should be doing it. You get to help others love to help your life. And of course, there's tons of career opportunities out there. Lots of opportunities for those people that are just looking into getting certified or again, a lot of people that I recognize here are already in the certification program. So there's lots of different opportunities and places that you could work. And it's important to think outside of the four walls of a gym, which is really cool. So speaking of making money though, because at the end of the day, you guys, we all might be passionate, right? But we all want to be big time like you, Kai, big time like you, Greg. And there are opportunities outside of just, you know, doing reps and bicep curls and chest press to make money in this industry. So Greg, can you tell us a little bit more about brand, partnerships? I feel like a lot of people are really into partnering with brands. Sure, absolutely. I would say for gym owners, trainers all the way up to pro athletes, you know, influencers and celebrities. It is brand partnerships are a big kind of key to success. They are a way to help subsidize the cost of training, running a business, all of those things. I mean, even if you're a gym owner oftentimes, we'll talk to gym owners that after all expenses, you know, they're not making a tremendous amount on the gym. But if they incorporate, some brand partnerships, whether it's supplements like Kai was talking about or meal prep, or maybe even a peril, they're able to actually really drive up the amount of revenue that they're making. So lots of easy ways to engage with a brand, you know, reach out to us on Instagram, you know, on our website, come say hi at a trade show, you know, I can't even tell you how many people I've met at, you know, Olympia or FedEx, but we're across the games or UFC fighter, you know, just shaking hands and kissing babies with people. You know, it's it's easy to meet brands. I think one of the big pieces is showing the brand that you can engage with them and, you know, bring value because the brands, you know, we want to bring value back to our athletes as well, you know, in our partners, whether that's, you know, giving them money directly, whether that's an affiliate program, whether that's, you know, helping create content with them, getting in them involved in different things, you know, cross-promoting with other celebrities or influencers, etc., you know, all of that, I think really effectively helps brands add value to their partnerships. So initially, you're not going to be as famous as Kai, so when you're just starting out, you know, you got to be a creator before you're an influencer. And what I mean by that is there, like a company like TriFactor, we're running millions and millions of dollars worth of ads a year, just to constantly keep new business coming in the door fast enough to pay the bills. And for that, you know, some of those ads may feature celebrity athletes like Kai, but some of those ads are also going to feature personal trainers, gym owners, even, you know, regular guys like myself, because vast majority of our audience, unfortunately, do not look like Jenny or Kai, you know, they're regular people like me and they're just trying to stay in in great shape. So you can be a creator and add value to a brand by, you know, we have, uh, up-and-coming personal trainers or gym owners that will do photoshoots for us or create content for us to run as ads, you know, lots of other things where they can make money on the side, without having a huge audience like Kai already intact, you know, they're starting out with maybe a few thousand followers on Instagram or YouTube and they want to build that audience while being able to make money from it. So, start as a creator before you can become an influencer and eventually a celebrity or celebrity athlete. There are levels to this and you're not going to immediately create an Instagram and get seven and a half million followers like it's their Kai, Kai didn't do that. There were steps that he went through in order to get there and tri-fact a started out with 20 clients, 50 clients, you know, etc. And eventually we got tens of thousands, then hundreds of thousands, uh, it takes time to build up a brand and an audience, etc. So, I think Kai actually spoke to this quite quite eloquently, uh, target brands that improve in a line with your personal brand. You know, it doesn't make sense for Kai to be partnering with, uh, you know, a mouse pad company. Like, it's not something he's, right? That is a giant mouse pad. Just a little bit. Yeah, I've got a glass desk. So, I need a huge, yeah. I need a huge ass mouse pad. I was not my laptop over taking it up. Uh, so the long story short, partnered with brands that make sense. I mean, Kai's partnered with meal prep companies, supplement companies. He's, he's into, um, you know, stuff like comics and movies and various other stuff like that. So, he'll get involved with generating IP around that. He's into fitness. So, who's he going to partner with? The ISS says. So, he can, you know, understand as much as possible about fitness and eventually create his own e-books and his own content. Like, partner with brands that make sense. You know, don't, don't try and go out and, you know, partner with companies that aren't aligned with your particular industry. It'll make it easier for you and easier for the brand. We, we call that in the industry. We call it being vertically aligned. Meaning you're, you're aligned with what the brand cares about and the brand is aligned with what you, you care about. Kai is on his social media talking about how to get in great shape and what to do with your nutrition. That makes perfect sense for somebody like me. Uh, you know, I get people an example of, um, you know, in Denver, the big, talent agency pitched us, uh, guy Ferrari. So, now I love guy Ferrari, but he has to do a food, but he's not in the fitness space. He's like, you know, he's eating burgers and drinking beer at diners. Like, I love the guy. He's hilarious. He's super famous, but he doesn't align with our brand. Um, so yeah, I would, I would align with brands and then, you know, build the contract structure so that your value add for the brand. Like I said, start as a creator, moved being an influencer with an eventually a celebrity athlete, celebrity etc. Uh, but go through the right steps with the brand and get feedback from the brand. I mean, we've had hundreds and hundreds of athletes at Tri-Facta. We know what's, what's going to work. So we try and structure our contracts to make, make sense that way. And then it's easy. You could start making additional money with brands today. Whether it's Tri-Facta or most other brands, I SSA, you know, etc. Um, most of them have affiliate programs. So yeah, at the beginning, you're going to make a few hundred extra bucks a month. Eventually, that gets up to several hundred then a few thousand, you know, you just keep building on it like you're doing with your physique and your training clientele over time. So lots of keys to brand partnerships, but, you know, ultimately it's like, you know, engage with them, start at the level you're at, you know, and then align with particular brands that makes sense for you so that you can ultimately, you know, build an empire and a legacy like like Kai has done. I love it. And Greg, I think the thing that most people needed to hear was that second bullet become the creator before you've come to influence. You actually have to create something people want that content essentially, give them information, give them something of value, and then you can become an influencer. So I love that. You guys didn't hear anything hear that. But just remember guys that all starts with getting certified, you're building your credibility, right? You're maximizing your client success and you're making money because I know I keep bringing it back to money, but the, at the end of the day, you guys, we all have bills to pay. Right? You see that doll behind me? My dogs don't buy their own dog food, right? We have to make money for life and support our families and for me, my four-legged children, right? We need to make money doing this and not the end of the day. That's what it's all about. Of course, we have our passion and all these things, but we have to bring in some money. We're learning to sell and build our online businesses, build a personal brand, build our reputation, and we do that through getting results, building relationships with people, and then of course connecting with brands and other trainers and influencers. That's a great way to continue to build what you have started, make yourself a brand. And I am like, for example, I'm a brand. I've not affiliated with other companies right now, but I also don't have the band with to be a creator. Like Greg said, I just, it's not something I'm interested in doing necessarily. It's creating all this content and putting it online. It's a lot of work. So don't get a twisty. There's a lot of work and I'm sure Kai and Greg can both tell you the same. But if you do have that band with you, are interested in that, that's how you start. That's how you get into it. So lots of different opportunities out there. So I love that. Thank you so much, guys. I think I have a bunch of questions for both of you guys. So stand tight. I want to get to our prize winners real quick. So first of all, guys, we have two different prizes that we are coming out. First and foremost, we're going to give about two I.s. to say, specialization courses and two trifecta gift cards. So I have my specialization course winners. They're going to give me the winners for the two trifecta gift cards here in just a second. But our winners for these specialization courses, oh, you win both. Never mind, you get both of these. So if I call your name right now, lucky you, you got a specialization course and the trifecta gift card. I stand corrected. All right, our first winner, Keenan and Ruz, congratulations. Congratulations. Whatever email you registered for the webinar with, we will shoot you an email without ever doing that. And our last winner, our second winner is Jamie Amos. Jamie Amos. Congratulations, you guys. Congratulations. That's awesome. So of course, as we wrap up here, we have some Q and A for these two guys. And I saw some really good questions coming in. We do have some deals for you guys. We do have $200 off our Elite Trainer Bundle, which is our CPT plus for free additional specializations of your choice guys. And again, we have everything you could possibly think of getting. So lots of different education out there and Kai absolutely expressed the importance of getting educated. You'll use the code, code, try green 200. If you're interested in getting a certified personal trainer, specialization, we have plenty of courses. We have $100 off of our specializations. And 50% off your first trifecta meal order. That's awesome, Greg. Thank you for that. Well, I SSA 50 is the code to use for that. I'm going to be ordering some stuff again. Very soon here. So I appreciate those at the discount codes guys. But let's get to some Q and A real quick for a few minutes. Brandy asks, for you, Greg, how can Jim franchise's partner with trifecta? Is that possible? Yeah, absolutely. So we have a link at the bottom of our website that just says partners. And it's just a quick form to fill out. And we partner with everybody from CrossFit, 24-hour fitness, you know, you name it. Most of the major gyms we've either partnered with their franchisees or, you know, with the corporate gym chain itself. So reach out to us on the bottom of the website. We love partnering with gyms. We give them gift cards, banners, shirts, all kinds of stuff to help promote trifecta within the gym. And then of course, what do you want at your gym? You want everybody walking out the door with a six pack like Jenny and Kai. So nutrition is going to be a big piece of that. And, you know, if you partner, you know, if you pair the training you're doing at your gym with your members with meal delivery service, you can have phenomenal results for your clients. And that's what ultimately matters. Because then they walk around and everybody says, oh my gosh, Karen, what'd you do? You know, that's the effect that you're going for. I mean, guys, there's someone even again in the industry and Ben and the industry for 16 years. I can tell you that when you can put all of the resources that are client will need right there in front of them, like a meal prep service. Of course, they have the trainers, they have the guidance, they have the coaches that are there. Right, coaches are there on the sidelines with you every day versus the GM and the president who just says, here, that's your doctor here, do this. And then they'll give you any information. But if you can have all of this stuff right there for your client, you will get results for people. It's when we send them off into the world and say, go figure this part out that they don't. Right? If they knew how to do it, they wouldn't be at your door in the first place. So I love that you said that, right? Because you're having that there and a resource available to them right there, they don't have to go anywhere else for to figure it out on their own. It's a no-brainer. It's absolutely no-brainer. Kai, there was a question for you. How is the influx of social media, self-made trainers impacted the market and potentially the value of having a certification? What would you say for that? Hmm. You know, that's an interesting question. I mean, I know that it can seem like there's a lot of options out there. But there's something to be said for confidence comes from doing and I think that it's important to get the right information from the right place that you're, you know, just allows you to be prepared. In this case, so well prepared provided that you, you know, are interested in doing so. You'll find it you'll be able to stand on stand on your platform. I don't know. I think, how is it? I don't know, there's a lot of information available to people on the end of the guy. I'm just recognizable. Dr. Various. They're that in Dr. Goon. But unfortunately, a lot of times there are people that will, you know, we'll try to diagnose themselves and find it. It's just not to the best advantage to do that. I think one of the things that I thought that I think is pretty interesting to within an after-sport science is that there's a lot of course work and opportunity to help you develop your team awareness of the subject and the science of the subject that you care to specialize in. And, you know, as far as, you know, how many options are out there as it is, a certified trainer or a person that just, you know, is able to expel as a whole bunch of information out of context. You know, I think the best way to answer that is just to think about having the confidence that comes from, you know, taking the right course with the right accredited influence that can not only point you in the right direction, help you hone the skills that's home to tools to be able to be specifically to the client. But now, you know, you can stand on it confidently. And yeah, I think that's the better way to answer that. It's always going to be a lot of options that they could be able to people, you know, are there ever being a young man growing up and training and, you know, building my physique and that just came back from winning like the, you know, some of the bigger shows in the development of my experience, the discipline of my, the discipline of my experience and I'd have people say to me, oh, yeah, you know, you work out, you like, you like my friend had, was locked up. And it's like, they were compare you to something that was like not just because you had muscles who wasn't wasn't a spectacular about you with the equivalent to a person I was just, you know, with three hats and a cut working out. When the truth was that you were a world class athlete proving yourself was to have learned this necessary skill sets and prerequisites of discipline and drive to really, you know, be distinguished as something, you know, superior and worth being, you know, recognized for the credit that you deserve. Unfair comparison, I'm just saying at the end of the day, yeah, it's also going to be able to get your get your accreditation, but more importantly, know and have the faith and trust in, you know, being able to be advised correctly and taught this subject and have the course work that allows you to really be in a lead level, you know, person in your field with an organism that stands behind you. Yeah, I think the biggest thing that you said that that's stood out to me is a lot of the information that's out there in the, in the, in the, on the interwebs, as I like to say, is out of context. It is 100% out of context. So it might be cool or interesting looking or something super fun and new, but it doesn't apply to the person who's seeing it, they may think it's cool, but if it's not going to help you get close to your goals, I think it's kind of looped. So I love the way that you said that. All right, guys, we got one more. And Greg, I wanted, I wanted you to reiterate, there was a question asking, how do you attract and choose the right affiliate? You kind of talked about this when you were talking about the Traffectent affiliate program. But what would you say, can you remind us again, how we, like, content to influence our, as far as attracting a fist and affiliate? Yeah, absolutely. So if, if you're a gym owner, a personal trainer, an influencer, etc. You really want to target affiliates, affiliate programs, a brands that you think makes sense for you, you know, brands you use, brands you personally like, and that share your values, you know, if you're, you know, if you're a vegan, it probably doesn't make sense to partner with a steak company and, you know, vice versa. So make sure you're really aligned with the brand and you believe in what the brand is doing. That's going to make your job at 10,000 times easier as an affiliate. Then from there, you know, ultimately you want to reach out, look at their website, read about their affiliate program, read what it pays, you know, etc. Do your homework on it, which is usually pretty easy. Most brands have a partners and an affiliate page on their website. And then most brands like us, we have, you know, Chris Gianna, who's on this, this call right now listening in, they have a partnership manager who helps out with working with other businesses or trainers, etc. to help onboard them onto our affiliate program. So, reach out, have a conversation, do your research and then pick brands that are aligned with, you know, what's your passion about, you know, exactly what that guy said. Yeah, and it's fair to say, Greg, that means affiliate or these brands are probably not coming out looking for us, right? We need to like gather our own little ammo and go to them, right? Yeah, I mean, we get so much outreach every single day. You got to go out and raise your hand. Otherwise, we just, we just won't know. For someone like Kai, we're going to track him down because he is so popular, but for most people, it's going to be, um, they're coming to us. Yeah, fair enough. I mean, you know what, I want to pick you back on that, because that idea of like someone like Kai, the truth is, for me, you know, um, I remember being the kid and having a handout Bible tracks, you know, to encourage people to, you know, you know, go to church or, you know, whatever. Um, and I remember, you know, how hard it was at times, you know, to give something away that you thought was meaningful and had value and you thought that, you know, but, you know, at the hand and Bible track, you know, and, you know, and say the thing that they told you to say and it seemed like I would encounter a lot of people that just really didn't want the track, they didn't want to be, you know, um, bothered at all, you know, um, and then when I thought about, you know, what I was doing and they said, I got older, I remember looking at, you know, recognizing that you represented a message, you know, I represented a message when I was a kid passing out those Bible tracks and I remember thinking like, you know, this message is valuable, this message has a resource, it could be a resource to someone that was looking for a needing it, but it seemed like, though for all the good that I thought that it actually was, you know, in that message, you just seemed like it was a lot of, like, um, unnecessary, uh, obstacle, uh, in trying to pass it out. I remember thinking, well, what would you do if you like, I want to give this message, but it just seems like people didn't want it, it seemed like I was bothering people, you know, and I remember thinking about this because, you know, in life, I think what happens is you, you know, if you want to get your message out, sometimes you've got to be able to represent the idea of the message, you know, if you want to preach to someone about, you know, what it looks like to be in the good graces of or the idea of a potential saving grace that is a beautiful thing that can offer the value and the resource that the people really do want, then you need to show the miracle in the development of your own life, your own living experience, you know, and I think it applies right now that message because technically the ability to create the opportunity through my work, taking the, the information that I was able to get in, and the course work that I discovered there and it effort to become better and more proficient at, the skills that I would need to become the better thing that I was aspiring to be, it allowed me as I continue to work and do that work. I could build myself into a place where I'd be able to stand on larger audience, stand on larger platforms, be able to be in front of, you know, more people, and there and I was able to kind of solve that riddle for myself, you know, if you want to be able to give a message of value, you know, then you need to represent the example, you know, show the miracle of that, of that, of that good gift, you know, in the substance of your own life, you know, if you do that work, you stand on that and what happens is you ain't got to go and try to give. Hey, let me, allow me to introduce myself, my name is Nama, just watch me, I'm going to work I work and if there's somebody that's listening to me right now, just trying to think, well, how do I become an influencer or how do I become an entrepreneur, what you want to do, what you're passionate about, and do the work, get the work done, because what happens is as you do that, guess what happens, you ascend and you start to go from where you are to becoming the better thing that you aspire to be, and guess what, when you do that, people do want to interview, people do want to ask you how, what did you get there, what they do care about the answers that you have to offer because you care enough to solve the riddle. So now what happens is instead of standing as a little boy trying to pack out the message of hope, hey, take this Bible track, it doesn't have to be what I'm trying to say is not in the literal sense, but in the full sense or the full expression of that, the idea of hope, guess what, you'll be attracted, you will be attractive, that's a result, the larger idea that you represent will be able to be given through you, you become the example, so they take the information you make the most of it, you show you demonstrate how it is of service to you and your own life, and that's kind of why I'm in the position that I'm in today to be able to share this with you guys, technically, is proof to the point, it's worth it to work, you do the work, as you do that, you build yourself, this effort is an expression of an interest in your own self-development, answering the question of how, how do I make the most of the matter of me? You know, if I'm responsible for the able to say what I do from the time I get up in the morning to the time I go to bed at night, and I'm able to take that time and invest it in the development of something that allows me to build that into a platform, and I'm able to stand on and through seeing me there on this platform, the world is able to identify me for the success that I'm able to create based on thinking and working in a specific way, then my life becomes a testimony. And as I aspire to do more, and as I make more of the success that I'm able to take and translate these words in a book, and this practical explanation of exercise science and nutrition and put it into a formula that works for me, and I take this thing, and I go out into the world of competition, and I conquer, and I'm more, I'm identified as a success, Bible says we know a tree by the fruity bears. I plan to represent great fruit, and as a result of that, I guess what happens, opportunities come. Yes, and you'll find that the energy will seek you out, because you're a part of that larger energy that's larger than you. It's a successful that, like the laws of attraction, it's crazy, but it's there. I don't know, I've probably got a message, but I'm not trying to, you know, wait a minute, I love it. Yeah, you brought a full circle on now on, I love it. Thank you both for being here with us, and thank you all for sharing and being here with us. I'm from really great questions, Kim, and thank you again, Kai, thank you, Greg, for being here with us so very much. And, guys, we'll be talking to you soon, keeping eye out for the email of this recording as well, guys. Thank you so much, everybody. Thanks, everybody.

=== FILE: Webinar： How To Transform Your Passion for Wellness into a Thriving Health Coaching Career [sOzTQhGuevI].txt ===

Hello everyone, welcome to our webinar session. We'll give a very, very young moment to settle in here. Hello, hello, lots of people joining us today. This is awesome. We're going to be doing this. Super excited to have everybody here. So guys, our chat box is open. Again, we're going to wait about a minute here before we get started with our presentation. However, you all have a link for a chat at the bottom of your screen. The Q&A is also open for you guys. So if you have questions as we're going through today, please use that Q&A. But you guys can also use that chat to talk amongst yourself. And I can see your chat to you. So you can chat with me as I'm talking and the other presenters are speaking today. Welcome, everyone. Nice. We've got almost 90 people here with us today. This is great. All right, guys. So as we start to settle in again, chat is open. Oh, maybe it's not. Hey, not a sack. Let's get that chat opened up. Stand by. All right, guys. We're going to go ahead and dive on and welcome into our session. Wow, almost 100 people here with us today. So excited to have you all here. Today, our topic, how to transform your passion for wellness into a thriving health coaching career. Now, every single one of you guys is here because you're interested in or maybe you are already a certified health coach, which is amazing. We're super excited to have you guys all here. Good news is we have options for everyone and some information that will hopefully help everyone. So let me go ahead and dig on in here. First and foremost, though, guys, let's introduce who's going to be talking to you today. All the talking heads as I like to call it. I'll start first since I have speaking already. My name is Jenny Scott and I'm a senior content developer here with I. I don't only do I create a lot of the courses that we have here at ISSA. I developed them in a lot of the courses, which is kind of fun. But guys, I'm actually a certified personal trainer, nutrition coach and online training coach as well. I've been training for about 14 years. I still actively work with private clients in both nutrition and just general fitness. And I work with youth and college level sports performance. That's kind of my niche. But I'm super excited to be here and talk to you guys more about health coaching and what it is. It's actually something I've started to incorporate with my own personal business because it does make an impact in every single person that I'm training as well. So again, super excited to share all of this information with you. We've got some nutrition students for who to name. Maybe nice. That's awesome. Just got certified. Sherry. That's great. You guys. So excited. And we'd love to hear you guys as insight as we're going through our presentation. I want to introduce you to the two other presenters that I have with me. We'll start with Miss Jessica. Jessica, introduce yourself. Hi. Hi everybody. Thank you so much. My name is Jessica Grazer. I am the head of success here at Flowwell. And I'll just give you a little bit of background about me. I am a certified health coach and clinical nutritionist. I've been in the medical community for over 13 years and I'm sure there might be some people here who have experienced the same thing traditional medicine. We love it. But there was a significant gap between preventative care and traditional medicine. So once that became super apparent. I was like, you know what? I'm going to make the transition and I'm going to go into holistic health. So I have been running my own practice for over eight years as a health coaching clinical nutritionist. I work with diabetics and people with CHF. So I do say on the clinical side. But just working outside of traditional medicine. So I decided to join Flowwell. The opportunity came to me and I said, you know what? If I can help everybody else find success the way that I was able to create it for myself. And I'm going to help so many more people. That is the goal. So if we can do it together. I think, you know, strengthen numbers. So that's why I'm here. I'm so excited to talk to you guys today. And now I'm going to throw it to Michael Shehan. He's our co-founder and CEO of Flowwell. Thank you so much, Jessica. I am pumped. We've got an incredible group of people here that all share a common mission, which is to help people and to make the world a better place. And that's what's so amazing about what we all can do is we can go out into our communities and impact lives. And that's what we're all here. To do and today's going to be a great presentation to go in and talk about the strategies and approaches you can do so. So a little bit about me. I started my health journey over 10 years ago when I started my personal first business. It was a gardening business, so helping people eat nutritious food. And ever since then, I've been on a path to create businesses that help empower people to live better, help your lives. And over my journey, I study business. I've worked in sales and marketing, worked in clinics, physical therapy and car practicing, seeing the power of a holistic health journey. I can have on people and that's what brought me to start flow with my co-founder, Taylor Stahl. And ever since about two years ago, we've been on a journey to empower health and fitness professionals. And I've had the privilege of working with over a thousand people at this point just understanding the ins and outs of what you're going through. So I'm super pumped to be able to share some insight and knowledge with you guys today. And just thank you for joining. And I'll send it back over to Jenny to get on with today's presentation. Awesome. Well, thank you guys so much for being here with me super excited to be dive on in. So let's do it guys. Let's get started. So today we're going to be covering a lot. We'll be discussing a couple different points, which I'll outline here. First and foremost, guys, we're going to talk about what is health coaching. You have to understand what it is in order to understand if it's right for you. From the chat, it sounds like a lot of you guys are already in the field in some way or another, which is amazing for those of you who are not, we'll make sure that it's right for you. We'll talk about the role of a health coach and how you'll be able to help others as a health coach. You'll learn the ins and outs of the ISSA's health coaching program. For those of you who are still looking to get certified. We'll explore some career opportunities and some pathways to becoming a health coach and growing your business. But then also guys, we're going to have some really great available resources for you guys that you can help use to watch and grow your career as a health coach. So don't forget the chat is open. So make sure to throw your questions in the Q&A, but also that chat like you guys have been using it is open. So feel free to communicate freely there. Okay, no question is a bad question except for the one you don't ask. Yeah, good. Good. Sherry said I'm excited. I'm glad you're excited. So we're going to cover a lot of information today, you guys. But we really want you to come away with some actionable steps and useful information to take to the next step. Okay, so if you're new to the health coaching side, here's what we want to talk about as far as the certification process for you guys. You'll first learn again what a health coach does. We want to make sure that you know what you'll learn as you become an ISSA certified health coach. And we'll share some career opportunities in the field for you. Specifically career pathing how long it takes lots of the details. For those of you that are a little farther along in your journey and are already certified as a health coach. And education process. We have quite a bit for you guys as well. We'll talk about some career path options for you guys so that you can dig a little bit deeper. We'll help you understand how to launch and grow your business quicker. That's the key. Anybody can do this over time, but we want to help you guys get up running and helping people faster. We also have some phenomenal resources to show you to make coaching clients more efficient and keep you really excited about the process. And I'm super excited to be able to link you guys within established community of health coaches who are already out there changing lives. So so much to share with you no matter where you're at in the process. I feel a lot of dietitians in here too, which is awesome. I love that. I actually went to school for dietitians and stuff and I just never finished it because I already have three degrees. At what point do we stop right? But before we dive in since I'm here as a representative for ISSA, I want to tell you guys a little bit about as a company. Okay. First and foremost, as a certified more fitness and wellness professional than anyone else in the industry. We've actually been around since 1988 and our mission and our vision have always been to connect at least 100 million people with the power of healthy living before 2023. And we're well on our way with that. We can currently offer more certifications than any other organization out there. As of today, you guys, it's more than 50 certifications and that's huge. We're not talking about CEVs here. We're talking about actual certifications. And we have a huge library of continuing education courses covering everything from specific nutrition to special populations and health conditions and even specialized training techniques. And I always have to mention that we offer more support to our students than you will find anywhere else. Every one of our students gets access to a professional student success advisor. It's a certified professional that's available to help you with any questions you may have as you begin and grow your career. Our students have access to several online spaces for support and community live and structure, live courses for a lot of our coursework. And we really do have a well-rounded process to really help our students from start to finish. So take it from someone who's given a book to study when I first got certified 14 years ago. We've come really, really far. So super excited to share the different ideas with you. So let's talk a little bit about why health coaching. All of you guys, I see like 130 people here now. Why are you guys all interested in health coaching? And why is it so important is the bigger question? Health coaching is an incredibly fulfilling opportunity you guys. And with some effort and some time it can be pretty lucrative. Hopefully some of you guys here are experiencing that. Health coaches have the opportunity to make a huge impact on the lives of people they work with. And we have an amazing opportunity to improve our own lives as well. As a health coach, you have a unique opportunity to help people, which let's face it. All of you guys want to do otherwise you wouldn't be here. And you can enjoy the flexibility of coaching others as a part time opportunity or as a full time career. And we'll talk a lot about that today. Yep, I see that in the chat. Laura said to see positive differences in people's lives. That's amazing. So cool. And never forget you guys don't underestimate the power of having a career that you love. Imagine being able to wake up excited every day and ready to go to work. Health coaching allows you to become the best version of yourself and help others do the same. And from the sounds of it, a lot of you guys are already in that spot. So I love that. So let's break it down. What is a health coach? Let's describe this in better detail. So first of all, health coaches are guides. You're also motivators and your educators. Our main role as a health coach is to guide and empower our clients to make the Hager changes that will help them reach their goals. Whatever those may be, it's also up to us to help them figure out what are their true goals. Right? Sometimes they may not be so defined and we can help them with that. Health coaches have an inch here of the tools to make that happen. When you coach your clients, you're helping them manage their health and ways that extend beyond just physical exercise. So that's super important. We're helping them optimize their nutrition, helping them make good dietary choices. And ultimately, we have a goal of helping them improve their health and their longevity to live long, full life. We're working with people to help change unfavorable habits that may be negatively impacting your health, or the health of their families. Think about that. A lot of people control what happens to their families. So if we can help them, we can ultimately help their families as well. We're working with people to improve their sleep quality and the recovery from physical exercise. So they wake up feeling strong, energized and ready to take on their day. You're also helping someone manage chronic health conditions or maybe even their stress. A lot of these things can affect health productive. So if we can help someone manage it, you might just help them change their life. And this is a big one. Improving mental health and self-efficacy by teaching people how to harness the power of positive thinking. We can help them set realistic goals for their lives. Now I understand that this is a lot of responsibility that a health coach carries. But I can honestly tell you that there isn't a human on this planet. You guys that couldn't benefit from what the health coach has to offer. Everyone could use it, including us. And it's definitely going to be definitely using what we're learning with ourselves. So let's take a look at a few health coaching and actions scenarios. So what does it look like when we're actually helping clients as a health coach? So when it comes to nutrition, health coaches can provide resources, recipes or just general guidance for clients and help kind of make food choices that support optimal health. And again, it supports the health of their families as well. Other people will benefit from this as well. We all have habits that we wish we didn't have right? Well, health coach can help people identify their detrimental habits and hopefully change them over time. Things like giving up smoking, changing their snacking habits to better facilitate their fitness goals or even helping somebody in the right regular exercise to promote optimal health and a strong body. These are all things that we can do. When it comes to working with others and managing our interactions, health coaches can help someone improve their autonomy and self efficacy, their self confidence and even communicate better. So whether it's with coworkers, family members, friends, they might even be able to ask for that promotion at work. We can help them manage these relationships. And there are millions of people in the world living with one or more chronic health conditions. This is a known fact. And I think a lot of you guys know that things like high blood pressure, diabetes, obesity, it's all prevalent. The good news is that many of them can be reversed or slow with health interventions. And so we can help as health coaches someone pinpoint the things that might be creating some of these chronic health conditions or contributing to them and help them give them the tools to turn those things around. It's often well documented that thinking positive through having a really big impact on our mental and physical health. Health coaches can help people change their mindset around things that otherwise would be holding them back. And again helping them set achievable goals that are realistic and impactful for them. So for example, someone wants to run a marathon for the first time. It's never too late to start training. We're not saying you're going to train them for that marathon, but you might be able to help them with the mental aspects or scheduling things like that that can help them get to the finish line literally. And we don't want to leave out some other more opportunities for health coaches like creating valuable shareable content. Okay, so you guys are able to do things like create blogs, do YouTube channels right start a podcast other ways that you can again reach more people with the education and the knowledge that you have and again have an impact on their lives. There's also opportunities to speak at conferences and help in wellness events every year and live events are back. So this is a super fun opportunity for those of you that are interested. I personally speak at two to three conferences every year in the personal and inter-life in person interactions are super super fun. So lots of other opportunities for you guys there. And that helps coach you guys let's talk about the education that's required again it looks like a lot of you guys are already either on your way or have completed quite a bit of education in this realm. But there are some educational requirements for those of you who have not quite started the process this ensures that you have all the foundational knowledge that you need to be able to help clients with things like nutrition exercise stress and stress management. And I help conditions which I mentioned a couple times and even the psychology of changing our behaviors there's a lot that goes into that. At minimum you're going to need a high school diploma, okay, a degree is not necessary but some people like some people here do choose to pursue a degree in various fields like that it headaches actual coaching psychology things like that as well. You also need to earn a certification. Again, it's going to make sure that you have all the foundational knowledge that you need to coach clients effectively and safely. Okay, make it looks like she wants to do some public speaking guys there's so many opportunities for public speaking out there which is awesome so I'm glad that you guys are excited about that we'll talk more about that through that. All right, so I want to talk to you guys a little bit real quick about the ISA Health Coach curriculum so for those of you looking for a certification. I'll tell you a little bit about what you will earn and the course that we have created we spent years creating this course and we're super excited to present it to you and there's a lot that's covered because health coaches know a lot about a lot of things. So you'll learn about client coaching and communication this is huge you can't just have the information in your head you have to be able to deliver it to people in a way that makes sense for them. We cover cognitive behavioral therapy and psychology. Chronic health conditions, specifically the most common ones, we want you guys to understand what they are and how our lifestyle impacts these conditions. The basics of exercise science and fitness, so you don't have to be a personal trainer for this part, but we will give you the foundational information that you need. We'll also talk about some nutrition basics, sleep and sleep hygiene so the importance of rest and how to get better sleep. We'll be defining physical, mental and emotional stress and tools to manage it this one's huge. We'll talk about effective goal setting. Ethics for health coaches and also business development for today's health coaching professional. I'm not going to lie it's a pretty big textbook that we give you guys what this course but with that said it's so much more than exercise in nutrition so all of these aspects of health coaching are necessary. With ISSA we actually have three amazing education options for you guys who are ready to begin the journey to certification. Each bundle that we offer it gives you all the course we're going to need to be successful in working with clients as a health coach. And we have some expanded bundles that as well that for those of you guys who want to do more than just the basic coaching you want to get into things like nutrition and exercise recovery and potentially some other aspects of fitness we have you covered as well. The most simple option is going to be the health coach bundle. This gives you the health coach certification all by itself but again it's all the in-depth learning that we just covered on the previous slide. You'll have everything that you need to help people change their behaviors and really take a look at their lifestyle their fitness their nutrition and their stress management. Next up we have our health coach elite there in the middle. This is the bundle of courses which includes the health coach, the nutritionist and the online coach. So this gives you even more knowledge. You'll be able to expand how you work with your health coaching clients and offer detailed coaching for nutrition, lifestyle habits and the biggest thing guys will give you all the tools you need to take your business online. Okay, so there's a whole other aspect of coaching clients online because accountability is different when you're not in person. So that's why we've included this bundle. You'll get everything that's in the next bundle. Sorry the health coach master program is our biggest one. Everything that's included in the health coach elite bundle, which also gets some additional courses. You'll get exercise recovery to specialize in physical stress management. Transformation specialists from even deeper dive into human psychology, motivation and behavior change. We have our yoga course included in this one which I love that this is in this bundle you guys because now you can actually work with clients and help them with stress management physical mobility and even mental clarity and focus with this program. We've included our weight management course which helps you in holding on your clients and what they need to do to help maintain a good strong physical body. We're looking at the three major aspects of our our lives diet exercise and lifestyle. So this goes right along with health coaching. The master program is definitely our most popular option because includes so much and you'll be able to help people in every aspect of your health fitness and wellness. So that's a different option looks like carries in the master program now that's awesome. Oh you've done quite a few of them looks like you don't nutrition exercise recovery left. That's awesome. You've gotten quite a bit of a course that's awesome carry. So tell everybody how you like it in the chat to them. You love the awesome to hear. Now not only guys will I as a side provide I said they provide you guys with the education that you need but we also have quite a few resources like I mentioned. First you get unlimited educational support. I mentioned this earlier but guys this is when you're getting certified but even after you're done with your certification. We're here to support you in whatever help you need. Okay. We have success advice available you can reach them my phone email and chat. Learning with I SSA is 100% online which is awesome. So you guys have the flexibility to learn at your own pace anytime and anywhere. You can learn everything that you need to whenever you're ready. We give you plenty of time to complete your course. And by the way the exam is online as well for your convenience. Okay. So we're proud to offer this much support for you guys and this much flexibility as you get certified and on your path to becoming a health coach. Now I'm going to hand this over to Michael to discuss more on the career paths that you guys might be interested Michael take it away awesome. Jenny I cannot wait to have all these incredible health coaches coming out of the program that you guys have offering. And then going into their careers and that's what I get the privilege of walking through today is talking about what happens after you get certified. So let's jump into the three career paths that we see most health coaches take the first is that you're going to get full time employment working for an organization. This is incredible opportunity and so many coaches thrive in this environment. The other arena is starting your own personal practice and going full time as your own business owner. Now there's a lot of empowerment that comes with starting your own practice and I'm so excited to dive into how we're going to be able to help you with this. And then something that is very popular amongst health coaches is starting what's considered a side hustle business. This is when you're adding health coaching on top of an existing career and we're going to dive into all three of these here in just a moment. So let's take a look at some of the opportunities that we see health coaches have. The very first for employment is broken into three categories the first is corporate wellness. This is big employers are investing money time and energy into their own employees and health coaches are a perfect way to empower the community of employees that work in your organization to live a healthier life. So corporate wellness is a growing industry for health coaches definitely take a look at some of the corporate wellness opportunities out there. The second thing are fitness and wellness centers we're talking about gyms, spas and health clubs what they're doing is they're expanding their service offering to include health coaching. This allows them to interact and stay connected with their client help outside of the gym or the spot and really make sure that the lifestyle of the individual is really great and getting the best out of that healthy lifestyle that they want to promote. And then the third is when we're talking about collaborating with the medical community. Doctors are incredibly equipped to help you with your chronic conditions, but they don't necessarily have the time or the training to help bridge the gap between your lifestyle and the medical conditions that you have. So health coaches have the opportunity to really step in and be that bridge so that people can find truly healthy lifestyles and adapt it to either prevent or actually reverse some of the things you want to do. To either prevent or actually reverse some chronic and preventable diseases. So amazing opportunities for jobs or health coaches and then also creating wonderful businesses all of the opportunities for jobs also are ways for you to start your business. Not as an employee, but as a partner to these organizations. You get to move the industry forward by setting up partnerships with corporate wellness fitness centers and clinics with medical providers. This is an incredible way to be a leader in the community and start forming those referral partnerships in which people can look to you to serve their clients in excellence. So a great way to do that is through private one-on-one coaching or group setting coaching so you can work with one or many people at a time and of course as Jenny mentioned before creating content is super valuable creating courses. Blogs podcasts e-books all can generate a passive income that helps you scale over time. And then the last one here is side hustle. A lot of people are into this getting their side hustle on. You get all the benefits of a full-time business, but you just are streamlined. You focus your time and energy on maybe the client courses or maybe a partnership or two and you can use that extra 10 to 20 hours to really add an additional income source. So whichever these career paths is interesting to you that's what we're going to dive into next and look at the kind of pros and cons so that you can make a more informed decision. So I'm going to pass it over to Jessica my team member to walk through that. Okay hi everyone. Thank you so much Michael. So now we understand which pathways are available to us once we become certified so. How in the world do we decide which one am I supposed to go for which one is right for me so we're going to dive a little bit deeper into these pathways. So luckily for flow, we've had the opportunity to speak with hundreds of health coaches. So we were able to really put together a nice comprehensive list of pros and cons for each of the pathways. So in this webinar, I really do challenge all of you to think about what are your priorities and your personal values because that is what is going to help you decide which path you take. So I'm going to go down the list here. You can see where they rank as far as the pathways go, but I'm going to go down on the left hand side. There's a list of the priorities and so we're going to go through those. So we're going to start with flexibility. This is important to a lot of people. If you're looking for time freedom right are you the type of person who wants to be able to make your own schedule right you don't want to have to be at the mercy of a nine to five office job or anything like that. So that's one of the biggest priorities that we see because people want to be able to. Follow their own shots, right? So working for an employer, one thing that I really want to emphasize is we go into this wanting to educate our clients in a certain way and there could be some restrictions when you work for an organization or for a company. So as a business owner, you get to decide how you work who you work with and how you're going to cancel them. So moving down to scalable impact, what is scalable impact? Okay, so we all go in. We say we want to help everybody on the planet. We want to change as many lives as possible. Okay, working for an employer. That might be a little bit on the lower end because they might cap you, right? So you might you might have a ceiling with them. So, that's our final goal. So the next is moving on to more business owners, you can decide how many people you are actually going to impact with your knowledge and expertise. So depending on scalable impact and where that falls on your priority list, it's something to consider. Going down to income, this is kind of the big one for everyone if I had to if I had to say number one, financial goals, right? So that's something to consider. We as health coaches do have a market value. If you are comfortable earning what the market value is, that's great. As a business owner, there really is no cap to what you can bring in as far as your income. So wherever that falls on your priority list, also something to consider. Going down to ramp up time, some people might not know what ramp up time is. That is, we all want to be busy. We all want our schedules to be full, whether it's full time or part time. We want to have enough clients to fill our schedules. It does take a little bit longer to get to your maximum clientele when you own your business because there are a lot of moving parts. Working for an employer, you sit down, you have your case load and so it doesn't take as long to get to your max capacity. The next one is job security. We all want job security. We want to know that we have a place to go. We have our schedules are full. You know, it's really nice to know that our job is there. So if that is something that is super important to you and knowing that your job security you're locked in, employment would be the way to go. As far as the business owner, you will get there. It does just take a little bit longer and there is that little teeny tiny bit of insecurity, very small because you're doing the marketing. You're finding your clients. So it is a little bit different than going the employment route. So now that we understand kind of how we've mapped out the pros and cons of each pathway, I'd like to explain how flow-out can accelerate this path between all three of these. So we'll move on to the next one and get going on that. So how does flow-out help you accelerate your career? Regardless of which path you take, there are no wrong answers. So you can see three different timelines here. We'll start with employment and this one I'd really like to explain because going the full time employment route right after certification, it can take upwards of about 15 months to find a job. And why is that? Because we need experience to be hired. So how does flow-out help? In as a little as six months, we can guarantee that you can generate an income and have clients under your belt. So that way you can land that job faster. That's the goal is to get the job faster. Going down to side hustle, this looks very similar at the flow-out timeline looks very similar to the employment timeline. As you might not have as much time to dedicate to it, right? You probably have a full time job or a poor time job and you're doing this on the side. But there is a significant difference between doing it on your own and having flow-out help you. So nine months and six months. So there is a significant difference. This is my favorite one. I actually really encourage you guys to throw this in the chat. Please don't be embarrassed because I am with you. Business owner track. How many of you have felt overwhelmed intimidated by starting your own business? Give me a yes. A heck yes. We have all been there. Amen. I see an amen. Yes. Yes. Me. Okay. Oh my gosh. Here they come. Here they come. Here they come. Okay. So this is what we do best. So starting a business on your own without support can really take you about 18 months before you start generating income. Working with flow-out, you can start seeing those results in three. So how do we do that? And quite honestly, I wish this existed when I was starting. So this can happen in three. How do we do that? We have created a system from A to Z to help you build your business. No sitting for hours in Googling, trying to figure out what comes next. No searching for mentors. Who do I ask? Who do I lean on? Where do my questions go? We have all of it and we are committed to shortening this timeline for you to give you results faster. We have put the work in so that you don't have to do that and we support you along the way. So thank you everyone for actually sharing that. The me me me me me because I know that's not easy to say but you know the people on our success team have all been in your shoes. So we welcome those answers and we're ready to help you. So me too. Okay good. Everybody still answering this all. And Jessica, I don't mean to interrupt but I want to say I've been watching the chat and there's several people here who are with flow-out and have you specifically as their advisor and they are chatting you up over here. There's they. Thank you. Oh my gosh, thank you so much. This is the resource that you get. You get to help you every step of the way. Yes Lauren, yes I do work at Lauren. So it's actually funny. So when you sign up, I'm not saying if I'm saying when you sign up, it is very possible you'll be paired with me. I'm one of your people. This is one of the main objectives that we have in flow-out, just one of our benefits and this is the most important one. But I am going to give it back to Michael because we have a whole list of benefits that he's going to highlight. So I'm going to give it back to Michael now and he'll fit us the rest. Incredible. I love seeing that chat. Just open up. Everybody here, we want to see you find success. That is just point blank end of story. That's what we're here to do. So what do we get to provide you? Well Jessica just walked through how we're speeding the process up. So getting experience in making income, those are the first things we've got to really get you to. Those are the big milestones. And what we are doing in the back end is saving the time and energy doing the research, building resources, the business template, the contracts, the web pages. So that you can focus on doing what you do best, coaching people, helping them. So you can follow our system for operating your business and gaining experience. So you save time and you focus on those most important things. And one of my personal favorites is community. I love hanging out with all of our coaches. We've got a coach club house that we do every other week. And we have learned throughout this entire journey that community is so important to lean on each other, to have peers and mentorship. We have a growing group of mentors who you can lean on for those tough questions or just as kind of bounce ideas also so that you have people in your corner as you're going through your career. So now let's jump into the curriculum and see what are we really getting into while working with love. The first thing is we got to get you set up. So your business set up is first thing week one we do. From there it's about setting a foundation for your mindset. A lot of our coaches feel like that is one of the things that they really transform with us as soon as they get started. So we definitely will work on that. From there we get into the business a little bit more and start going into what we call customer value discovery. That's when we're getting out of the community understanding what the pain points are and the goals that people have and how we fit into that equation so that we can better target or upcoming clients. So we have a process for you to then go through that client-tarded identification process. Basically finding your niche wants to kind of identify that niche. Each of these builds on top of one another and we start to create an offer for those target clients. So a compelling offer is like a science. There's certain ingredients that make an offer very compelling and we're going to teach you how to do that. And from there we are going to get you enrolled into our 21-day weight loss challenge. It's a great way to generate leads. There's so many people who are struggling to lose a few pounds and by offering a free challenge you invite them and we've got all the resources for you to just kick that off within your first month. From there we're going to get into kind of the meat and potatoes of the business which is how to deliver a program. So we have a 90-day program which we will teach you it's fully customizable so that you can adapt it to your focus areas and the clients that you're working with but we'll teach you how to offer that 90-day program with our framework. From there we're going to really kick into kind of getting that program up and off the ground through content. So we all know the content is super important. Everybody is engaged in videos today. And so how we can supplement our really strong coaching program with some great content is something is a top priority for us. From there it's about getting people in the door. So what I mean is we need to get you a face a brand and so we are actually building a sales page with all of our coaches so that you have something people can visit and purchase coaching through. So we're going to work with you to get that built. From there we got to teach you how to promote and market and sell and that is a big part of the curriculum. So a lot of coaches you know they want to coach but they need help with that marketing and sales and so we're going to be able to provide you that with templates guides and some content for you to kind of get started there. Now it gets into starting to really work with the clients so we're talking about onboarding in fulfillment. This is when you're actually getting out there and getting the coaching sessions done sharing the content in the resources and fulfilling the program in which people are purchasing. This is a huge step. This is the different speaker between coaches is if you can fulfill a great program people get awesome results and that's where we want. All right we still got some more to go. Now it's time to grow the business and expand. We're talking about partnerships. The partnerships that you can create with other organizations unlock a huge opportunity for referrals and that's what we're going to show you how to do. We've got some templates and some guides to help you with that and then it's about reaching out to more people and getting your name and brand to the larger public online. So social media and paid ads are going to be so important especially as you get those client results. And so the goal here is to really showcase your story and the story of your successful clients so that you can get out and reach more people. So within this you're going to be able to find that you're having a blossoming career and community around you so that you really can succeed in your coaching business. And that is what the flow of curriculum is about and then what we'll jump into next is getting into what's included with the flow well membership. So you get that full curriculum. We're going to teach a lot and you're going to be doing a lot to get a career up and running but you're going to have the support of our team including Jessica and all of our success specialists which provide one-on-one-an group coaching for you every single month. The program is a six-month program but each step along the way is step-by-step guidance and support with all those resources to supplement the curriculum so that you have everything you need. And then if you do have questions we're here for you you can reach out anytime of the day email text call we're here and then like I mentioned before the community is really my favorite thing. I love meeting you guys and so we have weekly meetups and coach called houses that you can attend participate with the team as well as each other in peers and kind of learn from one another. Now we are community or success and I know that joining something can be a big commitment but we want to guarantee that you feel comfortable so we've got two things to offer you guys one hundred percent satisfaction and then two a ten-x return. Yes ten-x your investment. So within your first six months you're going to ten-x your investment or we're going to work with you for free until you do that's a pretty pretty good offer in our books and I'm excited for you guys to take advantage of it. So for everybody who is certified IZSA health coach we want to extend a 25% discount for choosing to partner with flow well and one person from today's webinar is going to get selected for a free full ride scholarship. So all you got to do is today find some time on our schedule use the link on the screen here and start chatting with our team. So thank you guys so much it's been a pleasure and I look forward to meeting with you soon and I'll pass up over to Jenny. Yes, before we move from this slide here Michael I have a question for you so let's like we have quite a few people who have certifications and health coaching or education from elsewhere does this deal apply to them as well? Oh for sure yes yes we don't want to leave anybody out. Yes reach out to the team we're going to be able to get you set up and please make sure to mention that you're coming from high as I say and we're going to be able to treat you really well so thank you so much guys. Awesome all right guys so I want to talk to you guys about it looks like there's a couple of you guys who are still looking to get certified in the keytas in the chat trying to figure out which which bundle to go with I love it so I want to explain again what you guys get with the health coaching program through I SSA if you are still looking for a certification of course you'll get our textbook for the course and a bunch of online resources guys videos and all kinds of quizzes and such online to help you with your learning. Again learn at your own pace it's 100 percent online which means you have the flexibility to access anytime anywhere. You get the unlimited support from us as well that's a big theme for us notice that's why we like these guys at what over at Flowwell is it's unlimited support you guys we want you guys to feel 100 percent supported in what you are doing and again we have our success coaches who are available on phone chat video everything. 20 online quizzes with this course to help reinforce your learning because there's a lot of chapters in this course you'll get some downloadable templates of some of the key health coaching documents like the forums and things so you don't have to go out there and create your own and I know for a fact Flowwell has a lot of those things for you guys as well and then of course the online final exam so we do have a limited time offer as well for you guys those of you who are here and taking part in this webinar you guys can also get a free course okay so if you choose the elite program with I SSA you'll get that health coaching course our nutrition course in our online coach course and we'll also throw in a free certified life coach course I'm pretty sure we can throw that in there if you do the master too because it looks like a couple of you guys are considering the master program as well so we'll we'll make it happen for you okay so there's a link here for you guys this is where you can access the ISSA discounts but I'm gonna turn it to the next slide here and you can also see these same links but we want to make sure that you have access to both ISSA and Flowwell because guys it sounds corny but it's so true your future is calling will you answer again it sounds like a lot of you guys have already taken a lot of the steps to get the education and the certifications that you need but for the rest of you who are ready we're here we have all the resources some amazing resources some amazing people behind these products to help you guys get where you want to be and more importantly impact lives okay so now's our chance we're gonna open it up use that Q&A I know I have like a bunch of questions over here I did see a question come in let me hold these up here real quick about bodybuilding somebody asked how can a health coach hope someone who's doing bodybuilding and and a Jonathan I see you in the chat talking about bodybuilding and that's something you're passionate about guess what I'm a bodybuilder so I can tell you guys bodybuilding it's yes it's a lot of exercise and a whole lot of nutrition but there's so much more that goes into it and this is for any kind of athletic endeavor endeavor that requires a little bit of focus planning consistency right a lot of detail goes into a lot of sports not just bodybuilding but health coaches can help of course with the exercise and nutrition if you're certified as a personal trainer as well you can help build those programs and dial a little bit more into nutrition but I'm telling you now guys a big portion of what a health coach can do is help put the mental aspects the scheduling making sure that someone staying focused on their goals setting shorter term goals as they move towards the process of competing Jessica did I get that right is there anything else you can think of for a health coach with helping with bodybuilding? No I actually think you nailed that beautifully. Nice I could not have said it better myself so yes. Awesome yes okay so let's see here Nikita had something for Jessica her grand has CHF and is looking for someone who does holistic help do you do integrated integrative medicine? So if that's okay we can probably take that offline it's a little bit outside of this so Nikita I will contact you or if you want to email me Jessica at flowwell.co I'm happy to speak with you offline if that's cool. Perfect thank you. Alright let's see your Meg had a question first of all your name is Meg Ryan that's awesome I'm sure you guys should be getting that all the time but Meg said newly certified CPT and worked you on the ISSA nutritionist and transformational coach certification that's awesome. What's the difference between these combined credentials and a health coach? So really really great question so the nutritionist course and the CPT and the transformation coach they do work together but there's a reason that we've included them in our master trainer bundle as well because they did get into a little bit more detail transformation is all about psychology and I'm sure Meg you've opened that course hopefully it's a deep dive into psychology even more so than the just the basic health coaching certification so it makes a great supplement to that certification same with nutritionist and CPT we have one chapter on exercise and one chapter on nutrition out of 19 chapters in this textbook there's a reason for that okay I said it a couple of times today health coaching is so much more than just working out in eating right right there's the mental aspects the stress management the communication and relationships so you'll get a little when you combine all of those so adding health coaching to what you're already doing and I know there's a couple of you guys that are already in this boat you've started some courses with us and you want to potentially add on some more I suggest it because health coaching gives you the coaching aspects of building all of these things about someone's lifestyle into a coaching plan to help them achieve the goals that you help them set Jessica anything that you would add for that you're doing such a great job some of the people here know me from boot camps of I know a little crazy but they also know that I'm pretty much in it that's awesome that great question thank you for that all right I had one from Ray hi I'm an ISSA certified fitness coach personal trainer and nutrition which bundle should I be choosing Ray this is a great question so again our elite bundle is the one the elite and the master we're going to make sure you guys get that extra life coaching courses a little bit of free me for attending it's a matter of how deep do you want to go so if you want the thing that has all the education included I would suggest the master just so you don't have to come back for courses later you're going to get a bundle of courses that will get you to where you want to be and then get started with flow well to get your business up and running the elite option is a great option as well so you get the nutrition the health coach and then you get the online coach as well we want to make sure that you have everything that you need but especially if you plan and taking your business online so let us know in the chat Ray if that's something like which do you want to be online are you looking for the more like all inclusive education that'll kind of determine which bundle might be best for you okay good question do you get the yoga certification in the master program yes moody yes the yoga certification comes in the master bundle absolutely and then carry ask can we swap out nutrition if we already have it so this is a great question you guys and I can tell you this is an ISSA question if you have started courses with us and you're interested in trading of course out I know there is a time limit as to how soon you could you have to do that since from your date of enrollment so what I would suggest is reaching out to student support I will say the number out loud but I will also throw it in the chat as I am saying it it's 1 800 892 4772 okay that's for our student support team um reach out to them and they can tell you if you're in that timeframe and hopefully get that switched out for you if you're interested in trading out courses I did also see another question that popped up in the chat a while back somebody was interested in adding some courses to what they already have purchased and potentially on a payment plan with ISSA for I don't think you can add to an existing payment plan but I do believe they will let you start another one okay so how coaching is something you're interested in and starting you can call in and start another one as long as you're in good standing okay it looks like this is for Michael and Jessica I'm going to take Philippe's question from the chat here so the membership ends after the 10X agreement are there any more expenses so can you guys explain that 10X guarantee again sure yeah I'd be happy too so the 10X guarantee is you're going to make your initial investment into starting your career and with the package for ISSA with a discount is about 567 so 10X that that's what we're guarantee team within your first six months of working with us so you can choose when it comes to payments to do it month by month or quarterly and the full program is six months so you can you basically need to at least get through month three and then you can decide to finish out that second half where we get into a lot of the business expansion opportunities so I hope that helps 10X opportunity is really our way of making sure you start making money within your first several months of working with us awesome thank you Michael and there's some other questions coming in um piston had one in the chat here is the flow up curriculum included with the membership we already paid for and I was assuming you're seeing with ISSA or is it independent course Esther had a several question in the Q&A do you get flow up with the master bundle guys this is a great question but I do want to be perfectly clear we're two separate companies we partner with flow off for all the benefits that community the curriculum that they offer to help you guys get your help coaching business up and running that's something that we don't have yet so that's why we partnered with them so they are two separate programs the courses that you any of you guys are going through or potentially looking at through ISSA and then flow well is a separate um separate business separate products for you guys okay but as somebody who again been an industry for 14 years I have quite a few monthly membership things like for apps and different programs and things that I pay for I'm telling you now that 200 in some of my dollars with the discount first of all I love a good discount don't threaten me with a good time okay but the 200 or so something dollars that you're going to be spending every month you guys I'm telling you now you will more than make that back with a single client think about that okay there was actually a question too speaking of how much money you can make I did see a question earlier in the chat that um somebody was asking how much is it typical to charge for health coaching sessions and I guess the best answer is it depends could you I speak to that a little bit hundred percent I'll I'll throw my two cents in there and then just I'd love to hear you too so the thing we teach is you are super valuable and the service that you provide is is going to transform somebody's life so you should charge your worth in your value so we typically advise on setting pricing to your value and we help determine based off of your client target what that should be the range a couple hundred dollars per month to upwards of a thousand dollars a month for health coaches we have several mentors that offer 90 day programs at about 1,200 bucks and that's not that's that's pretty typical so you're looking at a more premium price point because you're trying to give as much as you possibly can and if you let me go on for just two more seconds I'll ask you a question would you rather serve two people at a premium and they pay you really well or ten people and the reason I asked that is because you can give so much more to two people who pay you a little bit more than ten people who pay you you know a real low price and um that's why we really encourage people to to charge with their worth um so we'll we'll be able to help find the exact price point for you in your business as we get into the program but it is a really important topic yeah and that's a great point you make their Michael um charging a premium charging what's your worth you guys the just from what we talked about what a health coach does all the things that you guys have to learn about and know about to be successful health coaches those of you guys working can hopefully back me up in the chat here you guys do a lot you're helping with literally every aspect of these people's lives you're probably pretty available to them as well your time is absolutely worth the money so if someone says oh that's too much then make sure that they understand the value that's the worth the value of what you are offering which is massive it cannot be understated and as you can tell I'm very passionate about this because I deal with this a lot with personal trainers even as a fitness professional what you're offering is massive in value to a lot of people because otherwise they do it on their own with the thing but they're not they're coming to you for that guidance and that support and if you're anything like me a super passionate super open person I'm available to my clients at all times of the day I get texts almost every day from people that I work with questions random hey I did really well I you know did great my still meet I did great my run we're available to them a lot that my time is worth something so is yours okay so really think about that um and that's part of what you learn not only in the health coaching course when we talk about the business aspect and the development part but flow well is going to give you guys a lot of those resources and they have a huge community I can't stress that a huge community of people already working as health coaches and growing their business who can be a reference point here's what I charge and it's super successful don't be afraid to ask for this that makes sense okay so lots of great resources here um I want to finish Esther's question here Esther had a she also has howling do you get for the master classes to be done so this is a great question um guys for all of our health coaching bundles you have eight months from the data purchase to complete the courses included in that bundle guess what though there are extensions available so technically you have up to a year to complete your courses for most people and especially of hey this is what you're ready to do and you're ready to dive in it's not going to take you eight months I'm telling you that now and hopefully again some people come back me up in the chat that are in a bunch of courses because I saw a bunch of people who are already master trainers with us if you're ready to go and in it it's not going to take you that long to get through your course work a great question Esther thank you for that there was another question to you about the cost my goal so I'm going to head back to you and I'm going to take care I'm going to head back to our slide if that's okay for this one this one yes so the three months of the membership usually is $750 you guys are all getting a 25% discount so it's a total of $567 for those three months so we did the math for you so that's the quarterly payment right make my goal that is correct you nailed it so that is going to give you the greatest savings is by doing the three month membership for $567 and has Jenny alluded to it really takes one client paying you what your work to make that back and it's it's pretty powerful when you realize that you can start your career and get all this support for $567 and one client could basically pay it off if if you get that person and we're guaranteed that 10x so the full program is six months to be able to teach you everything we can possibly teach you but we do want to get you started with that three month membership and that that would be discounted for everybody year perfect so is that clear guys it takes six months to teach you everything that they want to teach you but it's not just like day after day after day of them teaching you it's them giving you digestible pieces of information you have a community to run things by and then you go on to play it so if we just asked the chat is it like just six months never done you can start applying the information they give it to you the moment they give it to you so you guys will be able to start growing your business during the program and so they spread it out so it's a little bit more manageable because again health coaches know a lot about a lot of stuff you guys and the last thing we want to do is throw a bunch of stuff at you and then eight months from now you guys are all like wait I forget what Jessica told me I don't remember how to use this that makes sense great yeah so it's all spread out and it's on purpose but you can start applying this information immediately um there wasn't a question too maybe Jessica can help us with this one um it looks like Mubarak is from um sorry if I said your name wrong Mubarak is from Saudi Arabia and they want to know if the methods and the things for coaching and building your business are generic and can be applied to all kinds of customers in any country I would assume yes because I'm assuming you have clients and coaches from different parts of the world as well right yes definitely so um I mean what we're teaching you is really A to Z how to build your health coaching business your niche your clients what you are teaching them is yours so we can take what your expertise is and apply it to the business fundamentals that we are going to give you we just plug it in right so if you want to teach a certain customer right or you have a certain client demographic that you want to work with that is so individualized what we do is really not cookie cutter at all and that's why we have the one-on-one coaching with us or me and our success team and the group coaching because we take what you need and the clients that you want to work with and we incorporate it into our program so we have a framework every single coach and every single conversation that we have is very different because you are all different and your expertise is different so that was a long way of saying yes you can work with your clients how you see fit and we will encourage that and nurture that along the way absolutely perfect no there's a question too in the chat was that asked after the three months of this discount does the discount continue you guys or is it that situation for eyes to say this is a continued discount so don't worry we're not trying to come in and save 25 now and then not later you guys get it for as long as you are working with low-well so yeah that's why we're sending this partnership up we want to support you guys wholeheartedly throughout your career absolutely and guys we are coming up on our hour but I do just want to address a couple of the things that I'm seeing in our Q&A Rachel had a question do gyms employ health coaches a thousand percent yes they do because again we're doing more than just exercise and nutrition let's see Kelly is a nurse and was wondering if there's other people that are nurses that become health coaches absolutely you're already in an allied health profession so you're yeah Jessica raise your hand you guys are in the right spot to help a lot more people you already have a huge pool of people around you and you can help them in a different way so yes you guys all of these are absolute opportunities it's just a matter of choosing a bundle that has the coursework that you're interested in so it could be any of those bundles depending on what courses you would like to take this Kelly and then a couple other people asking if our the courses for like health coaching your ISSA are applicable worldwide you guys yes so yes there are some different credentialing and things like that for health coaching we built this program to give you what you need and to be applicable for you to use no matter where you are working okay so definitely let us know if you guys have additional questions about the bundles we're going to be sending you guys some follow-up emails so you will absolutely know how to get in touch with us here at ISSA as well as flow well so keep an eye out for those again phenomenal that is discounts guys apply for you guys essentially forever which I love so we want to make sure you guys have everything that you need to get going anything else for me guys I just want to say make sure you guys I know that there are several questions still left to be answered hit us up after this webinar we've got the links right here just reach out to us schedule call and we can answer any specific questions if you have about your career together so thank you guys again thank you Jenny this has been really fun yes thank you Michael thank you Jessica this has been a great time thank you all of you guys for your interactions great questions we look forward to speaking with you guys again we'll be talking to you soon guys okay all right bye everyone

=== FILE: Welcome to Yoga Awareness Month [FK_UaFXPhWA].txt ===

Hi, I'm Alex or Timbjack. One of the 200-hour yoga teacher training online leads. On behalf of ISSA Yoga and Wellness Academy, I'm excited to welcome you to our September online yoga challenge and celebration of National Yoga Month. All month long will be celebrating yoga with daily yoga instruction, inspiration, articles, and tips. Plus we're hosting a yoga post challenge and giving away lots of prizes all throughout the month courtesy of our partners at Alo moves. To follow along, all you have to do is download our online yoga challenge calendar and stay tuned to our Instagram channel for ongoing content. This is a great opportunity to learn more about yoga, to deepen your knowledge, and to set up a path to enhance your yoga practice, or even start your own yoga teacher training journey. I'm so excited to be hosting this online challenge and I can't wait to see how your practice progresses along the way.

=== FILE: What to Eat on Rest Days to Best Support Muscle Growth [YjUKX3yuRBY].txt ===

So

=== FILE: Why Being Healthy Is More Than Just Diet and Exercise! [vjpGl4ZVjTI].txt ===

So I decided to become a health coach because I feel like there is a lot more to being healthy than just your diet exercise. While those are very important, there are other areas of your life that you also need nourishment and encouragement like your career, like relationships, and being able to empower other people to take control and take hold of those aspects of their life as well in order to live their best possible life was really a passion of life.

=== FILE: Why Every Athlete Needs a Strength Coach! [ReunT1wkKFk].txt ===



=== FILE: Why Loaded Carries Change Your Body Fast! [J1idkgWLMcY].txt ===

fabulous��!

=== FILE: Why Most People Quit Fitness And How To Fix It! [0rB9O5ZEs8s].txt ===

meritggergegs

=== FILE: Why Pilates Is Changing How We Get Strong! [cPMxrhO9TIU].txt ===

[♪ INTRONING初ide music plays Dennum games playing lessons and zooms rather than 50% qualityiel music playing musicnej DeNm. Personally, for cultured artists start everyday.

=== FILE: Why Training Isn’t Enough： How Functional Nutrition Solves Fatigue, Plateaus & Inflammation [pjB0Cuu7dC8].txt ===

Let's just jump into it. We're here today to talk about when training isn't enough and the power of functional nutrition. So there's no one better to unpack this with us than you Andrea Nakayama. For those of you on today, we're watching in the future, Andre's the founder of Functional Nutrition Alliance. And I know Andrea, some of our trainers and aspiring trainers may be hearing this term functional nutrition for the first time. So can you help us unpack that a bit? How is that different from maybe quote unquote regular nutrition that we have studied or were taking courses on already? Yeah, first of all, thank you for having me here. I'm excited to be with you all. And nutrition, when we think about functional nutrition, it's really in the realm of systems biology. So we're understanding that food that exists outside the body, which is where traditional nutrition exists, has an interaction inside the body. So when we think about the body, we're understanding that the gut, where our food goes, is connected to the brain, which is our motivation and our mental health. It's connected to our inflammation, which is a natural state when we exercise, right? So how do we work in a anti-inflammatory way? It's connected to our hormones, which comes up for so many people. So functional nutrition takes us out of the idea of food outside the body, good or bad, right or wrong, macro counting, calorie counting, and helps us understand food inside the body of each individual. Okay, that's great background. Thank you for that. I'm gonna keep unpacking that throughout this course. So I recently watched a roundtable you did with three personal trainers who've gone through your course full body systems. And it was so enlightening, it was like, oh my gosh, I never thought about that, or I never thought about that. Again, for the personal trainers that are viewing this, what are some signals that they can maybe keep an eye open for or adhere to listen for? That maybe their clients are feeling some tension where functional nutrition types of conversation could play a more impactful role. Yeah, absolutely. So we're definitely gonna see in our coaching practices. And one of the things I loved also about that roundtable, which we will hopefully be sharing with folks. But one of the things I loved is that has personal trainers you're often in front of your clients at a really regular rate. And they are talking to you. They trust you, they have confidence in you. So they may be talking about things like fatigue or not recovering as readily as you think they would recover. They may be talking about injuries that they're having that really impede them from doing the kind of workout you want them to do. But they may also be talking about symptoms that have nothing to do with what you think you are working with them on. But that may be preventing them from their exercises or even showing up regularly, whether those are digestive issues, those are hormone issues like PMS or depending on age, whether they're parry menopause or menopausal, all the things that the body goes through as personal trainers, we're going to likely hear about those things that are other than the muscles. So when we start to hear things that feel like, oh wait, I don't know how to help with that, that's a place where functional nutrition can really amplify what you're already doing in your training practice. Yeah, I love that. And I love that you talked about hormones and all of these different things that men and women go through at different points in their lives. When you're having those conversations with those trainers, what's really pushing them to look deeper? Again, you're saying they're seeing them more frequently than they're seeing their medical provider. Whether any types of conversations or did anyone share a story about, oh, when I heard a client say this, that gave me pause to look deeper. Maybe someone with an autoimmune condition, something like that? Yes, so many things. I think in that conversation and also in some of the blog posts that we have with folks who have gone through the program that come from a training or a fitness professional background, it could be chronic migraines or lack of recovery or I'm feeling fatigue at three o'clock every day. Sometimes they're coming in with medical situations. I think there was one person who was talking about somebody who had a brain tumor who came in and was working with her in his practice. And she didn't understand what to do with that. How do I alter my coaching practice, my fitness professional practice, given what I know about this individual? And in functional nutrition, we're gonna understand more about how the body works so that we can shift what we're inviting to meet the needs of the individual. Instead of being in a one-size-fits-all approach related to that person, I'll tell you another story just this week, I was in a Q&A inside full body systems with a nurse who is also a personal trainer. And she said in her nutrition training, she was taught to think about macros and how we adjust macros based on muscle gain and that she was finding that for the population she was working with. That wasn't working. And she didn't understand why. Why is what I've been taught in nutrition in related to fitness, not working for the population I'm working with, which was primarily female. And she had to really rethink and start looking for something different. And that's where she found full body systems. And she said, it was blowing her mind to understand why that standard approach wasn't working for her and her clients. I love that. And Andrea, I'm realizing, I know you. I know what full body systems is. But let me just take a step back here for everyone who's joining this conversation about when training isn't enough, the power of functional nutrition. You're the founder of functional nutrition alliance. We're speaking about the full body systems program. Explain that to everyone what that is. Let's give that a review of that program. Yes, thank you for asking. So full body systems is the 10 month training program where I train in the art and the science of the functional nutrition practice. So we're really doing a deep dive into that systems biology, full body systems. When I say systems biology, I'm going to go back to what I said earlier, systems biology is one of the primary tenants of a truly functional practice. And I want to put a bookmarker or a little, your total little tag in that notion of functional because it's used differently in fitness. But this idea that we are understanding that everything in the body is connected to each other. Again, the guts connected to the brain, connected to inflammation, connected to the hormones. When somebody's having migraines or fatigue, we can understand that internal terrain and make the recommendations that help them. So full body systems that 10 month training at the functional nutritional alliance is where we train into that systems thinking. And it's agnostic in terms of who's coming through the program. There are a lot of fitness professionals, health coaches, life coaches, mental health practitioners, nurses. It's a place where we're learning the system that helps us add to whatever we are doing in our careers. Now, I want to come back to that word functional because there's functional fitness, there's functional foods, there's functional medicine and functional nutrition, which are more related. And the term functional means it works. So when we think about functional fitness, we're thinking about moving the body in a way that helps it to work. When we think about functional foods, we're thinking about foods that have some function in the body, whether it's turmeric or green tea or blueberries or broccoli, those have some function in the body they do something. When it comes to functional medicine and functional nutrition, again, we're looking at how the body works. We're not prescribing or subscribing to anyone dietary theory, we're understanding what works for an individual. So let me just talk about macros for a minute. If we talk about protein or fat and the positivity of those macros, if somebody's body cannot process that protein, that protein that we're recommending could do more harm than good. And we have to help the body to receive the protein. So it's not just about increasing protein, it's about the utilization in the body of the protein, so it can go do what it's supposed to do. And full body systems is where we teach into that intersection of dietary and lifestyle factors and the physiological function. You said where we teach that. Let's be clear, you're teaching that. I haven't seen it yet. Yes. Yes. Anybody interested? I do have a team. Yes. We have a team of nutritionists. Yes. So I do have a team, but yes, the prime, and the primeary teacher. Okay. And so I've heard you talk before, again, full body systems. There's root cause thinking, which is a very powerful idea for those maybe in personal training that aren't thinking about that as a relates to functional nutrition. What does that, what could that mindset shift look like for a trainer in a real session with a client? Yes. So this really means that we get curious. So in root cause thinking, all it means is that we're asking, why is this happening instead of what do I do about it? We live in a very what do I do about it? What's the quick fix of society? That's where we live? What's the solution? What's the supplement? What do I do? And when we think through a root cause way of thinking, we're asking why. So we get curious instead of rushing to the solution. So what I say is whenever we're looking for the roots, we're getting really into how do I understand why this is happening versus the fact that it is happening. So in functional medicine and functional nutrition, there's an analogy here that I think will give people a really great visual. We often say if you have a pot of boiling water and you don't want the water to boil over the sides of the pot, what can you do? In our conventional thinking, we can put a lid on it. That's our quick fix thinking. In functional root cause thinking, we turn the heat off. So we're asking why is the water boiling over? Not just what do I do to stop it, put a lid on it. Why is it happening? Because the heat's too high. So that's a really good analogy for bringing in our root cause thinking. And when I was watching that panel, you did with those three trainers who take in the full body systems course. I liked the curious questions that they were posing for their clients. Someone said, do you have a gold ladder? Someone said, are you chewing your food? And these aren't questions that I think trainers are having today. So explain to me how someone answers those questions, how do those inform you from a functional and personal perspective? What do those tip you off to? Yeah. So as we understand the full body systems and those questions that those trainers were asking, they give us clues. They don't give us answers. But as an example, if somebody doesn't have a gallbladder and they're eating a ketogenic diet or a high fat diet, we know there's going to be problems because the gallbladder helps us to digest fat. If somebody's not chewing their food, we know there's going to be more issues going through the system. So they become clues for us of where we need to begin as opposed to making very complex recommendations that clients might not be able to follow through with. We can get into a call at the simplicity on the other side of complexity. When you understand the body, it's complex. But there's a lot of things we can do like hydrate that help us with our energy. And understanding those connections is where we get curious. We start to make associations. And we start to make incremental recommendations that we can make because we're seeing our clients quite often. I mean, I kind of love to often there seeing, we don't often in my field have that opportunity to see a client once a week, let alone three times the week, what an opportunity trainers have to really be affecting change in health care. And I love that. And I'm thinking for people who have been trainers for a while, maybe they've taken other ISSA courses to get different certifications. This full body system sounds like the level up beyond all level lots to take them, to be able to charge more, to be able to help different types of clients. So I want to find a way to maybe ground this in a real story for those trainers. But can you share an example of where a trainer used what they learned through the full body systems course to help maybe a client break through or to discover something or reach that next level? Yeah, absolutely. And all of those individuals in the panel that you're talking about were able to charge more. They were able to really affect change in their retention rate with their clients. And they were able to kind of become the go-to in their gym or community for answering harder questions. So I think this happens all the time in anybody who's adding this on. But one story I want to share is an interview, Tammy, that you graciously did for us with Gabe, who is a certified personal trainer. And only went through and found full body systems after he had a experience of his own, a health scare of his own. So he actually experienced a tick bite that led to a diagnosis called Alpha Gow syndrome where he can't eat animal protein, he can't eat red meat. Because of that syndrome, you can't actually process it. And that really made him force him into a big struggle because everything he had learned didn't work for his own body. Now he is able to not only be a voice for himself and to have healed himself, to work in the gym with a different level of compassion and understanding, but become a beacon in the realm of people who also experience this type of illness that are looking to improve, not just their physiological health, but their physical health. So here's an example where he becomes an expert. And I believe Gabe doesn't even have a college degree, right? But he's able to work in a space, a health care space because he understands both training and a functional nutrition approach and his own experience to be able to drive forward results for people. And that's what's really thrilling to me that everybody takes it into their own realm. Again, a lot of the people on the panel working with hormone issues, gut issues, inflammatory issues, autoimmune issues, we all deserve to get in the gym and to be working out our bodies. But not all of us have bodies that can just be optimized. They may need to be stabilized in order to be optimized. Yeah. And what I like about this is that trainers are walking right now and they're like, okay, I'm interested in full body systems. Hearing that it's a 10 month course, don't want to turn anybody off. But if they want to make that shift today and start that mindset thinking, to start thinking more like a functional nutrition counselor, what I just would you give them today? I had that. And I think that's wonderful. Yes. I would just say get curious, like if you are seeing people who are either not recovering well, they are saying that they're doing everything or they're showing up talking about other symptoms or conditions that they're experiencing. And you're wanting to help. You are wanting to dive in, just get curious. Tell me more about that. When did this happen? Has this always been the thing that you were experienced? If somebody says, you know, I don't know if I can talk about, we talk about poop a lot at the functional nutrition. So if somebody says they're constipated, not giving them a solve or what you think is your solve for that symptom, but saying, tell me more about that. When did it start? Do you notice where it gets better and where it gets worse? Get curious is my biggest thing. Even if you don't know what to do with it right away, allowing your client to open up and tell more about their story. Instead of just feeling like they're broken, they need to be fixed, is something that really fosters what we call the therapeutic partnership. Yeah, I like that because when you get curious, we're not asking trainers to replace medical professionals by any means. We want to ask questions, give the, maybe point them in a different direction and encourage them to speak to a healthcare provider about what they understand. Again, the root cause thinking, what is causing this? And yeah, I just think it's great. Like you said, clients are spending upwards of three and four, maybe more hours per week with their trainer. What are we talking about? Let's talk about what's going on inside and outside the body. I could talk to you all day. I'm not sure everyone wants to listen to this. I do want to give trainers, hoping this is the tool to get trainers to connect the dots between maybe what's missing with a client surplus that's telling. So where do we go from here? Like what do you recommend anyone do as a next step? Yeah, I mean, I would love for people to watch that video that you suggested. And you can DM us, FBS, I think you're going to share that. But we'll make sure you get a course catalog about full body systems. You get that recording of that discussion, which I think is really interesting to hear from people who are from a similar background professionally as you are and hear what thinking through a functional lens has done for them and their practice. And know that there's always things. We'll make sure you have information that supports you if you're part of our community in the program or not. So please do get the course catalog. If you're watching and you're interested and we'll make sure you have more in your hands to think functionally. I love that. And thanks for joining us today, Andrea. For any personal trainer, aspiring personal trainer, we're always looking for ways to help you level up, to grow your business, to have this unique offering. And the full body systems course, I think that's your next move. Look into that. So thank you, Andrea, for all this. It's so grateful that you shared this information this today. Thank you so much for having me. And thanks everyone for being here with us. All right, you well.

=== FILE: Why did I become a Health Coach？ [307LqQSzWWg].txt ===

Okay, well, why do I want to be on my health coach health? This has always been so very important to me. I ended up gaining a lot of weight up to over 220 pounds. I was close to 40% body fat, type 2 diabetes. So I had to fight my way back from that. But I got to be more healthy on my 50th birthday than I was on my 30th birthday. So I decided to do this so that I could reach out and help a lot of people to accomplish the same thing I did or even to accomplish something greater than I did. Almost every client I deal with, I add ways to help them with their stress. When people especially use food as an addiction I guess to get away from their stress. And helping people overcome these darn behaviors and develop new behaviors is something I love doing because sometimes my clients will come up with things I never could have thought of. And I can apply those in my life because it's all about the clients. Really it is.

=== FILE: Women Building Muscle - Your Go-To Guide [1be6hs4kpHE].txt ===

Although, more than 1 day later we continued supporting recruitaries in," Jr.

=== FILE: Yoga Awareness Month： 3 Things to Avoid When Doing Chaturanga [gwbwij9_syA].txt ===

Here's the top three things to avoid when doing your chatter on gut. Number one, avoid using only your arms. Engage your chest and your back muscles so that you can spread the workload out more evenly across your entire body. To do it, when your hands are placed down, squeeze your palms in towards each other to engage your chest and draw your shoulders down towards your tailbone to engage your back muscles. When the hands squeeze in, you'll feel the chest flex, then bend your elbows and feel the shoulders strong back. Number two, avoid compressing your spine. The spine is either going to fall like a hammock as you do your chatter running up or you pull it top like a tight rope. To do the latter, pull your hands backwards your toes and your shoulders towards your tailbone as you lower halfway down. As the hands pull back, it's as if I'm trying to reach top of the head forward and I kick your ballmounds into the ground so the leg stays nice and engaged. And number three of the things to avoid even doing a shot around your head. Rather than looking around the room to decide how low to go, rather than thinking of halfway down or all the way down, trust of what you're feeling in your body. A good rule of thumb is when you're doing any transition, go only as far as you can come out of it with control and with fluidity. So for some of us, we might lower halfway down or less than that. So if here I lower and I start to drop and then I have to push up and be going to up top, it's too far. Instead, focus on the mechanics and the technique. Bring your knees down, lower halfway down or all the way. No matter where you go, make sure you can push up and rise back up.

=== FILE: Yoga Hip Openers to Boost Hip Flexibility and Reduce Pain [e4neiX0LYNw].txt ===

["Pastructure." controled by the

=== FILE: Yoga： Longevity & Wellness For All [iHdRxE2DDTM].txt ===

Well, hello Alex. I'm so excited to be here with you. You too. Hi, Jenny. All right. Good. Thank you. Ready to talk to you, Gah. But we'll give everybody a few minutes to come in and join us. We've got quite a few people already here. A little of our 50 people already here, Busting down the doors. Welcome everyone. Hello. We will introduce ourselves in just a moment. So you know who these talking heads are over here. But you guys are all here because you love yok. Which is awesome. Very cool. Now Alex, you're wearing a jacket. First of all, is it cold over there in hell? We go up and down in LA. I've always felt because it's dryer. We spend like 20 to 30 degrees between morning and night. So it could be like 50 in the morning and then 80 degrees in the middle of the day. That's why California, if you ever come to visit, bring a lot of layers. And pack them in your day packets. Really wild. Absolutely. That's like Colorado was to when I was there. You definitely need layers. I have over here in Arizona and it's just it's warm. I'm wearing long sleeves only because it's cold in my house. But second I was like, I thought you're Arizona, but I'm like, oh, maybe she's by me. I guess you got cold over there too. I guess we talked about it. I think you're in sleep. Yeah. Yeah. It can get chilly. Welcome everyone. Super excited to have you guys. The chat is open. Any questions you guys have along the way. We will introduce ourselves in just a moment as we get going here. Please use that chat. Talk to each other. Talk to us. Let us know what questions you guys have. We'll make sure we get those questions over to our guest of honor today. Towards the end of our session. We are super excited to have you guys here. Today we'll be talking about yoga, longevity, and wellness for all. So we're talking about ways that we can use yoga to our advantage. And ways that you guys can work yoga into your lives. Not only to do yoga. We'll get some great insights from our guest of honor. But also guys to become yoga instructors and make this something that helps pay your bills a little bit, which is always nice to do things that you love. So I would like to introduce myself and then introduce our lovely guest of honor before we dive in. My name is Jenny Leable and I am a senior content developer here with ISSA. If any of you guys are ISSA students and you recognize me, give me a shout out in the chat. I know I see some names that I recognize already on our list of attendees, which is amazing. Welcome into those of you guys who are new to ISSA. Also welcome. Welcome to the family. We're looking forward to showing great information with you today. I am also a working personal trainer. I've been training for 15 years with private clients, nutrition clients. Online and in person private clients that I work within their home. And I do a lot of strength and conditioning. I coach volleyball, high school and club as well here in Arizona is where I am located. But enough about me. Let's talk about Mr. Alex Artimeac. Welcome Alex. Tell these guys a little bit about yourself. Hey everyone. So my name is Alex. I started doing yoga about maybe actually 20 years ago. Back at I was in high school. I started the gym and I saw people stretching afterwards. And I was like, you know, back in the early 2000s. I didn't really know much about it. And for me, I think for me and for a lot of my students these days too, we have the same path which is we would go. We would work out and then we'd want to get a stretch. You want to do something. And I was like, well, here's a nice organized stretching session that I could do after. And then all of a sudden I started to realize this is so much more. Now, this is way early on. I didn't really get super into yoga at that point. That was just like the first drop. I think it planted a really foundational seed in me. When I left I used to live in Connecticut. Came out to California and I started surfing. I love the water. I love the ocean and people all around me were like, you got to get into yoga. It's really good for your body. It's good for your fitness. It's good for your mind. And so I used yoga as a way to cross train. And same thing that sparked that I think I cultivated an early age. Came out in full force. I started surfing a little bit less and doing yoga a little more. I found a lot of joy on my mat. I found a sense of peace, a sense of clarity. And that was the biggest thing I've been working out for like 15, 20 years since I was a little kid. But nothing ever really touched me the way that yoga did. And I like to say there's only two things in my life that have ever captivated me like this. Surfing is one of them. Yoga is the other. It became for me very organic and natural to spend a lot of my energy and a lot of my time in the yoga room. And because of that because I would leave and I would feel much more calm. I'd feel clear. I feel like I'd have these realizations and these epiphanys. And they were coming at me a mile a minute. I decided, okay, I want to learn more. I want to go past just like what's happening in this room and what are they telling me for the hour that I show up on the mat. Let me understand from the ground up what is happening in this practice. And so that kind of steered me into a course where I studied the philosophy. I got more interested in the anatomy. I started to play with some of the more advanced or complex ideas and concepts. And the more I learned, the more I loved it and finally people asked me like, you know, you study this a lot. It's time for you to teach and to give back and I said, okay, and I ended up feeling like, wow, this is so rewarding. In the beginning it was it was more something that I just wanted to do for my own enjoyment and to show like what I learned and read through. I learned and read four set in my own self. Later on it became such a obviously huge part of my life now I'm a career yogi which is something that is is really not too often. It's not something you always come across. A lot of people do yoga as a part-time job and and to turn to take that leap into the full time area. Can be a little. They're racking but also incredibly rewarding. So I hope to share some insights on part of that journey. If anybody's interested in and either getting into yoga just as like a part-time thing whether it's your practice or teaching or making it a full time career. I love that Alex and that's why we have you with us like we're super excited that you are a big part of creating our course are you'll get 200 course which will talk to you guys about. In a little bit here he was one of the main contributors he's in a lot of the videos he hosts the live sessions much like this for this reason you guys he does this full time like this is his life and we're super excited to have you as part of our crew Alex. And speaking of surfing I love this picture on the next slide because it looks like you're surfing. So you're marrying that's you can think and that is completely by accident by the way I'll happy little exit as Bob Ross would say. But today guys I want to talk to you guys about what we will be going through just so you know what's coming. We'll start out talking about how you can improve your quality of life and longevity with yoga. So there's a lot of different benefits that we'll talk about from yoga we'll talk about the mental aspects and the fitness aspects that you can get alike. We'll talk about some yoga poses for long jemities so Alex picks up really cool poses that he wants to talk you guys through and how they can impact our bodies. We'll get some amazing insights from Alex as a professional yoga. We'll talk to you about how to become a yoga teacher because hopefully you're here because this is something that you're interested in whether it is full time or part time the first step is getting that certification and registering with yoga alliance potentially. We'll talk a little bit about a little prize giveaway that we have so we'll talk about more of that on the next slide here but we do have some prizes we love to give away prizes and then we will do our best to save some time at the end here guys for a Q and A so that chat is open. You can use the questions tab. Okay, there's a tab that says questions. There are questions for Alex specifically in there so that we can see them and we'll pull out as many of those as we can and throw them Alex's way towards the end today. A little bit about the giveaway that we have for you guys make sure you stick around to the end so we'll do the drawing at the very end so must be present to win and we are giving away. Three different sets of a yoga mat and yoga toes towel from our sponsor me and Duga and I don't know if you guys are familiar Alex I know you're familiar with me and Duga I am to my clients have a couple of their mats like amazing quality products you guys so super excited to offer that for you guys as well as a little discount who doesn't love a discount for black Friday and the holidays so we'll have that for you guys as well but again sticker on to the end must be present to win. So we want to make sure that we tell you guys a little bit about man duga and then a little bit about I SSA man duga amazing sponsor that we have for this this webinar today they've been around since 1997 and they have some amazing yoga mats yoga gear all kinds of things that you guys can get access to it again we'll get you guys a nice little 20% discount at the end but the price pack is worth over 200 dollars guys so I would love to win this as well myself. We'll be randomly selecting three people at the end of the session today. A little bit about I SSA for those of you guys who are new again I recognize the names and our attendee list so welcome and welcome to the new people. I say has been around since 1988 and our mission has always been to connect more people to wellness and health every year so we're growing at an amazing rate. I will tell you it's fast we have more than 50 industry leading certifications 55 zero so far more than any other certification company out there you guys are goals to have everything that someone could possibly need and if we don't have it we're going to go find it and bring it to you guys make it easy for you guys to find all the things that you want to learn about and get certified in and use that education not only for yourselves but to help others. We've helped several thousands many thousands of people get certified in different things and go out there and use this information and I do have to mention that we have more support for our students than you'll find anywhere else. Everyone of our students gets access to their various student success team and that's a team of certified professionals who are available to answer any questions you have is you're going through this process from the certification process even once you're out there doing it we have people like Alex right we have people in our organization that are here to help you guys and make sure that you have all the support that you need during and after that certification process. We have not for instructor lead courses live courses right it's not just you studying by yourself like it used to be way back in the day so take it for me I was certified over 15 years ago now they just set me a book and said good luck. It's very different now so we're excited about that a little bit about some of the brands that I asked to say is part of we've made it a point you guys to go out there and find some of the top brands out there and we've acquired them we brought them under the ISC and that's the week it offer these courses and things for you. Then go beyond just personal training into health wellness specializations like yoga which we're here to talk about today special populations and even things like health coaching. Some of the brands that we include is our very own ISC yoga and wellness academy we are now part of have brought in the health coach Institute super excited to roll that out in the coming months the functional nutrition alliance as well going to be rolling out soon. Functional agent institute revolution running and training fitness so lots of different brands with amazing products that we bring to our students every day. We hold quite a few accreditation as well not only the NCCA accreditation for five different courses including our personal training certification and for those of you guys who don't know that's what people look for when they're hiring you they want to make sure that you have an accredited exam completed it and we offer that for five of our courses Cpt including yoga as well. And then we are proud to say you guys we are registered or registered yoga teaching program through or registered yoga school I should say through the yoga alliance. So you guys have the opportunity to complete our yoga 200 course get accredited through the yoga alliance which again is something that employers will look for so we'll pick Alex's brain about some of those requirements in the coming slides. All right, so Alex enough for me these guys want to hear from you. To us a little bit about yoga for longevity and quality of life right it's not just about living long it's about living well as we age so talk just about some of the benefits of yoga for this very progress. I think one of the you know there's that old adage if you don't use it you lose it and I just want to take that and not to disregard that statement but I think if we evolve it we start to realize our bodies are constantly changing. And instead of thinking of it as something we could lose let's look at it as something that we could also gain which means your body is constantly evolving in the way that you use it your brain is constantly evolving in the way that you use it. So it's so important to learn new things to keep some of that great matter going in your brain so that your your neuroplastic that your ability to forge new ideas and put new things together stays alive and that's what keeps the great young. So part of why yoga can be so potent for this is a if you're newer to it it you know if you're a student you'll realize. You're going to be bar with a lot of information early on because some of the post names may be something that you're not familiar with. But being open receptive to that is going to be so good for your body and for your brain we take different poses that are going to open all the different joints in your body they'll get your your entire body working. Now it's not to say that you can just do yoga but it's a pretty well rounded practice where you're going to start feeling like you're lengthening your spine different directions you're creating rotation movements you're getting a lot of things that you wouldn't like let's say you're just a runner. And so you're running in a straight line well if your body constantly evolves into that motion then you can run in a straight line very well. But when it comes to going on a hike let's say you're on uneven terrain then you leave yourself susceptible for a lot of the injuries a lot of ankle injuries and a lot of things because the hips start to tighten. We're using the legs just in this motion so counter balancing things with your yoga practice just making sure like I like to say in class we're just taking all the joints out for a walk can help you you might not need the range of motion I like to say you know we don't practice for the stuff that we really need like we're never going to need to do a handstand right we're never going. Well why like it splits most likely but if we can stretch ourselves a little wider then what we do in our daily life is going to feel a lot more comfortable. So that we're not always going down the same narrow corridor of our patterning movements so yoga helps to really open up our bodies and keep us if you look at a kid you know. They don't have to do yoga class take a take their first one and they can do everything they can fold themselves in a pretzels. This is a we are in where by nature but after patterning and movement after all these years it starts to contain us right yoga's the way of kind of breaking those normal patterns of our daily life. Stepping outside our comfort zone and actually coming back to a place where we were much more free and much more open as we were aware of it. And the same way we work with our physical body the same holds true for the mind all of a sudden we're being exposed to new ideas just focusing the mind for a few moments on one thing sounds like an easy task but as many of us know we it's so easy to get distracted. So baked into the process our moments where we're standing on one leg we're balancing and that's not just to create strength and flexibility in the physical body. But it's to create concentration awareness right to put our attention on something and keep it there. And so as we practice that then when we go to a project that we have in life then all of that clarity all that awareness we've been working on how to harness our our consciousness our ability to concentrate it's all available for us I call it the bandwidth we're all limited in our bandwidth of how much we can kind of perceive it in a moment and the more that's on the distraction. The blurrier life gets and the more we can concentrate all of our energy in one place it's like a laser it can just focus in it and it provides a lot of insights and a lot of clarity off of the map. So is a beautiful balance between what yoga does for us while we're practicing and all the things that come up and then when we leave them at behind. That's that sense of clarity that sense of being very present very aware again. I love that I'm talking through how it impacts our nervous system. So in our nervous system we have our sympathetic and our person pathetic we have our fighter flight we have our rest our digest and our heel right. What in our normal daily life if we don't give ourselves a cute moments of stress we create kind of this baseline. And if we're not giving ourselves stress then we'll start to be impacted a lot more by the things around this right if you're a thought to yourself like wow if I could survive this I can survive anything. Right. If yourself a daily struggle if you give yourself something in the day that challenges you in a safe way you're going to be on the mat you'll be standing on one leg it's going to be tough you'll have trouble finding your breath. You'll be at the edge of a stretch where you feel like your body is just so open and it's really uncomfortable. But while you're in that place of discomfort while you brought the stress onto the mat you teach yourself to breathe and to remain calm and to relax with that discomfort and to stay present with it. So that when you come off of the matter when you take shavasana at the end of practice your nervous system drops way down. There's there's two types of people that first start practicing is the people that practice at night and at night you've already accumulated the stress of the day so you do your practice and it's wonderful at releasing all the built up tension and stress. And then if you do your practice early in the morning it's almost like you put on this extra layer of protection. There's just a little bit of buffer you've already had your your safe stress of the day so that the other things like somebody driving slowly in front of you or somebody honking behind you. Right just it bothers you just a little bit less it's not to say that we're these dissociated, desensitized to it we still notice it we just feel like there's a little bit more space where it doesn't have to give us that kind of gut check reaction where we start to act out of. Our sympathetic nervous system out of fight or flight when we're in fighter flight narrow vision everything moves into high reaction right when we can come back to the Paris sympathetic that's for the mind opens and expands that's where we stop seeing red and focusing on the problems we start opening our minds to see all the different solutions and all the possibilities. I love it and you talked a little bit about the mental focus what about energy what do you mean when you say energy. So you know if it's I think energy moves in cycles and waves right and I find the super fascinating the practice sometimes the hardest thing you can do is get to your map. Get to your mat and put your mat you're just like you know it's been a long day or I'm waking up I didn't get a good night sleep and it's really hard for me to just get moving right. So then when we're tired we start to hold our bodies a little bit more rounded and as we round the body we let the head hang we're not breathing so well we're cutting off the diaphragm we're breathing just here into the upper chest right and so just holding our body in this posture. Starts to bring our energy down when our energy gets low we don't feel very motivated to get out there do anything awesome the thoughts you're like oh maybe I'll just you know sit around today I don't really want to get out so everything works in that kind of downward way. Just by getting into the mat and you'll find this in most classes we do this in called integration where it's we just check in where is everybody at you know did you have a long day are you super excited are you anxious you know you can be on all different layers of the spectrum. But we start to come into our breath we notice our breathing then we take control of the breath and as we start to move the breath and think of the yoga practice as. A way to create a shape or container so that the breath can move more freely all of a sudden we're waking up muscles but we're doing it not a sense of like oh I have to work for this around working out we're like okay let me give my breath more room. Let me give my body more space right and just in doing that it feels wonderful I know I said it can be you're giving yourself a huge stress but also feels really good. To create that kind of space to sit up nice and tall. To feel the length of your spine and your body completely engaged in the moment and as you do that hopefully slowly and and. I like to say it's kind of like the pipe pipe you almost get tricked into working really hard in the practice as you do that you find yourself like wow I'm working really hard but I feel like I got here okay and then you leave and you just feel way more energized and the energy is not like the coffee energy where it's like I'm spiked up but I'm hopped up you feel this flow of energy yet there's also a common sense of clarity that comes along with it. Yeah and I and somebody you practice is in the morning for that very means that you're talking about I definitely understand what you're talking about here. What about strength and bone density and a little bit about peace. So strength and bone density you know it's really good to work out to lift weights because when we don't you the body like I said before constantly evolves in the way that we use it. So if we're not putting stress on our bones if we are mostly just walking around and sitting you might get a little bit more bone density into the hips you might get a little bit into the legs. But I love that yoga in itself is you and the map maybe a couple tools here and there. And it's not often that we're waiting the overtime we start to lose both density and the harm the risk and that can lead to a lot more arthritis and problems in our risk. And enjoy. Great text and and see if you can bring that there you go. Having that time where you you wait there on your hands and you wait there onto your arms just helps to protect you over the long run so that. Let's say like I said we don't necessarily practice yoga for that everyday things you're not doing a standing split on your daily life. But what happens when you slip and you fall right. If you haven't had time where you're putting weight on to your arms that's going to make you so much more fragile that's where you're going to end up straining your risk. But if you've been doing exercises that teach you how to not only find balance but teach you how to adjust and compensate when you're falling out of balance to catch yourself to put weight on the hands. That gives you again that kind of buffer in case something should happen where you slip you fall you catch yourself on your hand. It just helps design a life that allows for those acute moments that sometimes come up. And so gaining that strength right do you need the strength of all the time probably not absolutely no but you might need it sometime. And if you have a lot more strength than the things that you do in your daily life we're going to come with a sense of ease right. So be a little heavier on ourselves during the practice so we can feel a little lighter off the map and now into the world. And with that really a sense of peace you know I think something I read early on it really stuck with me and I hope this is something that people also resonate with. That we talk about peace and specifically inner peace right that inner pieces actually the base nature of who we are each of us is individuals. And I know that can sound hard we all go through moments that are difficult in life we all go through suffering we all go through reminations in the mind what we're talking negative in our heads we're feeling judged we're judging ourselves. If we can remember that inner peace is the base of who we are that everything else is a layer that keeps evolving and changing on top of that. That all we have to do and I know I say all we have to do but not always easy is just keep letting go. If we can release our thoughts if we can release our stress if we can let go of the things that we don't even realize we're holding on to it at some times we gain that level of awareness and we start to release all of a sudden we come to a place of peace. Peace is what exists when everything else that we're not fades away and that is something that I studied in the philosophical text but it's something that I experience on the yoga mat. I think that's why I love it is it's not just something you have to take with a grain of salt it's something that you can absolutely have as an experience on a daily basis if you do your practice and if you're guided and you understand some of the ideas of the concepts. It'll it'll really give you that space to have a sense of peace as you leave them that behind. I love that and so a lot of the things you're talking about are really things that you have to experience to feel like to feel and understand. So we'll talk a little bit more about improved sleep and eating healthier because I want to talk about yoga as a powerful anti-aging tool right we're all going to age at some point we're all getting older right but it's a matter of slowing that process down as we go. So there's a lot of different benefits of yoga can you just pick two or three for time sake to kind of highlight on this one. Absolutely and I know that you know bone densities in there I think that's a really important one. Common your nervous system and help me sleep better one huge thing that I also hope people take home today is that rest is not sleep and sleep is not rest. They both exist but they don't imply each other completely right like have you ever slept at night and tossed and turned your whole way through. And you have you ever been very restful but not fall asleep and so being able to understand the difference and then combine them in an intentional way. Yoga practice teaches us how to actually go in or it builds the sensitivity to scan and relax the body to realize the relationship in the breath. And as the nervous system comes down we get deeper into the person pathetic that's where you're going to have your much more restful sleep. So instead of saying hey I clocked based on quantitative I clocked eight hours of sleep I was in my bed for eight hours now what I did for eight hours was I tossed and turned and I thought about things all night. So at eight hours I don't feel great or you could have eight hours or seven hours of very restful sleep where you're like wow I laid down. I did a little bit of breathing I learned to relax and then I dropped and you wake up feeling incredibly refreshed. I know I said something earlier on and it struck me as well. I think it might have struck other people that I've been practicing for about 20 years. It's actually been 23. I started when I was 16 and believe it or not I'm actually 38. And I should be a lot of my youthful presence to the yoga practice right if we're constantly this goes back to the stress response. If we don't give ourselves a cute stress what we end up with is chronic stress things start to bother us a little bit and we hold on to that. We live a large portion of our life in the sympathetic nervous system we don't give our body a chance to drop into that base nature of peace to feel the person pathetic nervous system kick in. And that's where all of our organs are going to get a lot more energy from our nervous system to improve our functions right so our liver our kidneys are heart all of the not all of a lot of the stress disorders that come up come from just spending too much time in an anxious reactive and stressful state. So yoga as much fun as it is to bring you a sense of peace and to bring out that joy is also incredibly impactful into your nervous system and when it comes to anti aging to keep you feeling useful and to keep you looking useful as well. Absolutely. Now you've talked a little bit about mindfulness on the mat is there anything else you want to add for that because yes the physical aspects we know we're talking about those now. But what about that mindfulness aspect while you're actually practicing. Yeah, you know well you know distraction I think is is a wonderful thing because it's the it's the way that we know we're moving towards concentration. And so a lot of people are like oh my god, I try to do yoga but and you are going to look at one thing and focus on my breath and and when I do that all I have or just thoughts of like man I'm hungry is that the smell of a cheeseburger next or like what's going on right I'm like that's great you're not alone. That's that's where I'm at that's where everybody's at the thing is you don't ever confront that until you try to put your awareness on something. So know that that attempt to put your awareness on something and then the distractions that follow that's part of the practice that's the whole thing right. And just you showing up to actually engage with that experience time and time again and to keep bringing your awareness back whether it's a feeling of the body or the breath or a point that you're looking at. Is going to help you so that when you release it all when you're just sitting there you're going to feel like I said the bandwidth will clear up and you'll start to see more. You'll start to hear my can't it's hard to me to explain this but you'll oftentimes leave a really good yoga practice and then you'll look around and be like was that building always there was that billboard always it was all the stuff always there and that just goes to show you your mind is much more open it's much more receptive than when you got on to them. So really provides that space and some of that that bombardment of thoughts right get a little bit of space from that you feel that sense of calm you still see the thoughts. But with a little bit of space you're just not as reactive. Yeah definitely agree with that. So I want to hear about some of these poses for longevity. Now you gave us a list of quite a few so what I'm going to do, we're going to be like a flash mob here. I'm going to flash him on the screen and I want you to talk to us briefly about like what is this what about this posture opens you up how are we getting our energy flowing and how are we physically flowing differently from each of these and we'll start with the active poses you ready. Yeah sweet alright so this one's a tough one actually the lizard pose twist. The lizard pose twist and you can do this with or without grabbing your foot for many of us if the quads tight it's okay you don't have to grab the foot you can just bend the knee and squeeze your. Why is this such a good pose well one we've got the right for this person to got the right hip open right so we've got a little bit more space the right fits out to the side then we're creating that rotation into the spine. How often you ever going to rotate your torso to this degree right we're able to do it so by creating this rotation here on the mat you give yourself that room so that when you're turning from side to side whether it's like I just need to look at a car that's passing by or something. You feel a little more free you also have lightweight bearing on the left hand so if you're dealing with wrist injuries if you're dealing with shoulder injuries you still have three points of contact on the ground you can practice fundamental things like pushing the hands down protecting the risk. In a state that you don't have a lot of weight on them so if you were to just go straight into plant pose or side plank you can end up creating a lot more stress discomfort or injury this is a fantastic pose that is is really accessible for the majority of people. And then it also creates the space where you can build upon it you can start doing things like you can rotate your feet out so I like to look at it both as from a base if you just do this pose. It's going to help your mobility is going to help your spine but it also gives you room to explore and to play and you'll see that with a lot of these poses. What about downward dog this one we use a lot in most yoga classes down we're facing dogs one of our big inversions which means the head is below the heart right and when the head is below the heart the heart starts to slow down a little it's easier for blood to ride gravity and get to the brain. So there's there's a part of that impacts your nervous system here this person's very mobile and you can do downward facing dog with it with a big bend in the knees so that you're focusing on the length of the spine. Same thing here when it comes to weight bearing on the hands we've got half the weight on the hands half the weight on the feet and depending on on how far forward or back you can kind of shift and stand more into the legs or bring more weight into the hands. This is an incredible pose at opening up the backs of the legs feeling the length of the spine letting your nervous system calm down and building a little bit of strength both into the arms and coordination of how you rotate your upper arms and how you get your chest and your shoulders to hold this pose. Down dog is one of those essential posts is that you're going to do hundreds of not hundreds of thousands of times your yoga career and every time you do it there'll be things that you'll pick up on will be things that you learn and things that you're fine. So it's an incredible pose opens the backside of the body from the backs of the legs all the way to the back of the neck builds a lot of strength helps to bring your awareness in and really gets your your spine nice and long if if you kind of play with that like I said better than the knees and the lift of the hips. Love it deep squat this picture hurts my hips just saying. You know and I totally get that I think it's super important both we're looking at two things here looking at hip flexion which means she's got her knees really high up she's sitting super low and also add duck or add duck she's where she has the knees open right. So like I said for runners we're moving in that straight line this is a really good posture to open up the inner thighs to open up the inner groins know that there's always. Different variations you can take you can sit on a block you can sit on a chair what really matters here is you've got the length of the spine you've got some strength she's working to where a glute she's actually working on her ankle mobility. So working on to a deep squat this is one of those poses that again is very common in cultures that don't have chairs right this is like a very natural pose that you see in much of the Eastern world. For people just to be walking around you get to have a drink everybody just takes a squat sits down for a second and keeps talking. And it really allows you to keep the mobility in your hips the mobility in your back and the mobility in your ankles and if you have an ankle mobility and you have hip mobility your knees are very well protected. If you don't have an ankle mobility and you don't have hip mobility then your knees are going to take a burn of the force if you are falling on place or or if you either find yourself slipping in the world or if you just have a little on this alignment in the way you walk. Cat cow another common one yeah cat you know all these poses I like to say these active poses if you can spend if you just have 10 minutes in like I don't have time to do a 90 minute class. Take each of these poses for a few breaths and that's still going to give you a lot about it. Cat cow is an incredible way to just evolve the spine right to remember that your spine has so many vertebrae. And when we're kind of walk around we're very stiff we just tend to around the back which want to keep your spine moving right. And so that's going to help to loosen up if you deal with low back issues cat cows and incredible release for the low back. If you're dealing with neck issues all of us suffer from phone neck or technique or kind of talking to chin down and always looking it's also going to help reverse some of those processes. Nice. I love this one side angle. This is a super powerful pose this one is and they's where we include a lot of lengthening inside of the body right so you can see there's pressure on the outer heel and then. We're really feeling out this one requires some movement in the hips that little turn or tilt that she has in her hips allows for the spine to be really long and as she outstretched to the arm she's just feeling all this wonderful length and all this blood flow coming up the side of her body. Of course we do it on both sides so we end up pulling ourselves to feel like we're getting taller and taller with every practice. Nice. All right some of the passive poses. Super into the same thing like the low lunge twist but even easier you can do this before you go to sleep and maybe when you wake up is to just get the hips rotated to one side and to get the chest down that's going to help you in your digestion. It's also just a wonderful release for the lower back. Nice legs up the wall now I like this one too and it can be done with or without the wall correct. Yeah if you don't have the wall or if your hamstrings are really tight then don't put your legs up the wall and just have your tailbone kind of lifted. Put your legs on a coffee table put your legs on a chair put put on something where your hips can rest on the mat. This is one of the best poses you can do after a long drive along flight or hard day where you're standing. Let gravity reverse blood flow let gravity aid let flow back from your feet which gets swollen throughout the day I've heard you gain the entire sheep size. For morning tonight if you're walking around let some of that inflammation that swelling drop back down this is also a really good pose for your parasympathetic nervous system. You just let yourself feel like you're in a safe place breathe nice and slow nice and deep and just feel the the way that gravity is naturally common your body in this pose. Love it. Restored in bridge I like this one slightly different than the normal bridge because you have the block under your hip correct. Yeah and you can use a block underneath your hips so that you're not using the glutes to keep things lifted. So here in what's called hip extension right when when we were sitting in the frog squat and when we're sitting in a chair we're in hip flexion. And doing that short ends the distance on the front of the pelvis right so we're constantly tightening our hip flexors. Restored in bridges is a nice successful way to reverse that if we've been sitting for a long period of time legs up the wall is still a hip flexed position. So something like for sort of bridge will help to counterbalance all the sitting that's happening. And if you take this pose and you slide your legs forward it's one of my favorite poses of all times keep your heels on the ground you're going to feel a nice gentle passive stretch from the hip flexors below belly it's wonderful. Nice I'm going to try that this Sunday when I go to yoga. And then everyone's favorite Sebastian other yoga nap. The yoga nap and that's you know they call it yoga kneeja which means yoga sleep it's not it's not normal sleep we're going consciously pass out right yoga sleep or shavasana is consciously restoring or relaxing your physical body. And it actually induces a higher level of awareness for many people you might fall asleep that's okay it probably means you're pretty tired and you need to sleep. But as you develop and hopefully get more restful sleep at night when you get into shavasana this is where things get really really interesting. You can start to fade into these different kind of altered states of consciousness where you're like. Feels like you're very restful and it feels like you're dreaming but you're very conscious and you're completely awake and we call this this in between this barto this this place in between waking and sleeping. If you practice kneeja if you practice shavasana there may even come a time and I can tell you this from experience where you slip from being awake to being in a dream in full consciousness. You you literally experience the entire distance it's a very unique kind of a crazy and wonderfully crazy experience and it can be a little bit strange when you first experience it. But the amount of rest the depth of of clarity and of calmness that comes to depth of peace that shavasana allows makes it one of the most powerful poses on our practice. I love this well when they give me more than two minutes I'm going to be fully honest I will fall asleep. And first of all I'm there and then after a volunteer to I'm straight asleep. I guess I'm tired. I love it. Well, thank you for walking us through those. We would love to get some insights from you. So there's quite a few things that we can make sure that everybody understands about becoming a professional yoga and taking it to the point where you have which is making a full time career. Can you talk us through a couple of these real quick. Yeah, I think most important and this can be the hardest part is to start teaching. I was lucky enough that I had a teacher that gave me that those words of wisdom because from what I've seen and from people I've talked to you, it comes up a lot. I'm not ready. I'm not ready. I'm not ready. I just did my 200 hour. As long as you're really open and honest about that with your students and with yourself doesn't mean you have to broadcast and every class, but just know you know you're still learning. Everyone has to start somewhere and the faster you can start teaching, especially coming out of a teacher training, the more it's going to help you retain the knowledge that you picked up on. And you just start one of the reasons I love our teacher training that we kind of co-created is it has a set sequence which later on in life you end up you know changing and being creative. But in the beginning it gives you something that you can walk into a room. You can teach for an hour. You have a safe place. You have a foundation that you know makes sense. You've done it for yourself and you can use that to start honing your craft to start honing yourself as a teacher. You know, traveling the world is one of the greatest benefits. I've been able to travel and do yoga retreats. It's not just about seeing the world. It's also about seeing a community of people. Put their phones away, put their work away, put you know the outside world away for a week. And see what happens when they spend some time connecting to their body, connecting to their breath, connecting to what's really right in front of them. And seeing the world and being able to see it not just as sometimes like a tourist where we're just out there sightseeing, but actually sitting in the moment and really taking it all in what we're not just doing the next thing in the next thing in the next thing we actually give ourselves some room to almost be wherever we are even if it is. And we're just going to cross the world becoming less reactive, you know, things still bother me. So I'm not I'm not a saint. I wouldn't even even try and if you're asked my friend of definitely not the saint. But I'm a lot less reactive. I'm not a lot more aware of of my own tendencies that when I'm in a stressed out place that my nerves are very thin right and now I have a practice that helps give me that little bit of armor that little bit of space. And with that because you become more aware of it, you become aware of it as a teacher and this is student going through the practice. I think it just not actually makes you more compassionate if you allow it to. And you know anyone that's ever done something to me, they're not necessarily doing it to me. I'm just in the way and they're doing it and it's going out in every direction. I just happen to be there and it's getting directed towards me. And I've done it many times and I'm much more aware of it. And so when I see things in the world, I feel like I'm just much more compassionate. I'm able to see with a lot more understanding from an experiential level from where I can actually feel it rather than having to try to just figure it out in my own head. And the greatest thing is being a part of a community and helping others. I taught a private this morning that I've been teaching for six years, maybe even more. I taught a private last night that I've known for eight years, nine years. And it's incredible to have that connection with somebody to be there, to help them keep their body healthy and to keep their mind happy. And also watch them of all the same thing with the students that I see to see all these people come together. I don't need to thank you at the end of practice because when people are walking away, you just see it. You see that sense of peace in their eyes and in their mind and in their bodies. You see it throughout the practice, you see it at the end. And as a teacher, what more could you as a human being, what more could you ask for, then to be a part of someone else's joy or someone else's peace? Yeah, I love that. And I feel like all the people that are here with us today, that's what they're looking for. People in fitness, they want to help people. And that's a really big common thread for a lot of people. But I do want to point out you guys for those of you who are interested in getting certified as a yoga instructor. It is a little different than resistance training coaching a sport running group fitness classes. There is essentially an expectation that you have your own established practice to get really good at yoga instruction. And Alex, tell me if you disagree, like you have to be good at practicing it. We're not saying you need to be like the best. I'd be able to do every single pose in the world. We're not saying that. But you do have to have some level of your own practice established in order to do that. And we always recommend people do that. As they're starting over four starting to pursue a certification. I know that's a general expectation. And then you, of course, complete your certification course, which will break down exactly what that process looks like. And we're super excited to be one of the few places where you can get through this process on line. Because I don't know about you. Got stuff to do. Can't be in a yoga studio necessarily all the time to do that in person to 100 hour teacher training. Register what the yoga alliance, which there are a lot of perks to being registered with them, including being on a job board where somebody's looking for a yoga instructor that can search by area and find you, which is amazing. And then like Alex said, get out there and start teaching. Start teaching. You have to start somewhere and if we wait until we're ready. Air quotes. We never do anything the way. So it's something that we want to make sure that you guys on your stand. I promise you guys become a part of this process is we want to give you all the guidance and the structure and the information that you need. So we put the leading experts in the industry in front of you guys and make them available in situations much like this right here, where you can ask questions and gain all the knowledge and skills that you need. And you'll develop the expertise to teach your own yoga class, develop a unique yoga style and feel confident. Lead a leading hot that and then you have to style yoga classes. So the next few minutes guys, I want to spend some time talking a little bit about the course which Alex here helped us co-create. If he was a big part of creating this course. So Alex jump in if there's anything that I'm missing or if you would like to highlight. But what sets us apart. First of all, we're online, right? So it's flexible. You could study at your own pace. It is 100% online so you can complete your certification on your own time. It's copper and set you guys. There's more than 30 hours of videos and lectures. Of course weekly live sessions that are at least an hour of peace. Lots of information for you guys, but it's done in a way that keeps you engaged. It's interactive. So we have those live weekly virtual study studio sessions. Again, touch by ours. And all the sessions are recorded. So if you can't make a live session, don't worry. We'll post them online so you can catch up with what you missed when you have time. And of course it's backed by ISSA, which we are the one of the global leaders in online fitness and wellness certifications for the last 30 years. So not to tutor our own horn, but be a beep. There's a reason that we brought this for you guys. It is accredited. As I mentioned, we are registered yoga school. And so you have the ability to get that accreditation through the yoga alliance. We're super proud to bring that to you. You'll have all the support that you need with our students, success team and our instructors who are available for you. We do offer a job guarantee or a money back guarantee, essentially. So purchase with confidence knowing that you'll get your money back if you don't actually find a job in yoga. And it's practical. Alex mentioned the signature yoga class. I think that's an amazing perk of this program. Not only do they give you that right with 37 different poses. How to go work your way through that and offer that as a course or class offering for your student students. But guys every single week during the guided study, you go through that same, same session, the same yoga class. So you will get a ton of practice in that yoga class by the end of the course. It's one thing I want to add to that. And the reason why this is having that set sequence, which can sound important. You're like, oh my god, I have to do the same thing over and over again. Well, what's beautiful is week after week, we break apart a different theme, whether it's the way you move your hands, the way you push into the mat, the way you move your hips, the way you move your shoulders. We're actually working our way up the different energy systems up the body. So that not only do you do, do you have time to practice with consistency and do the same thing. Which means week after week you're having to memorize less. And you just start to experience more. But you also learn different ways of engaging and of moving the body. So the same pose, you kind of break apart in many different ways. By the time you get to week eight or nine, your practice has been completely evolved. It's something that I'm super proud of, it's something that I've always wanted for the yoga world. It's to take the things that I've seen people who have practiced for ten years, not even experience and create a system where they're really developing the practice and through that. They're developing the ability to share and communicate it. So we practice things, we teach you how it works, and then we give you the tools that will help you communicate it to others. I love that. Thank you for pointing that out. A couple more things guys, the job guarantee, like I mentioned, we're so confident that you will complete this course. Register with yoga Alliance and go out there and find a job in yoga that we will offer you your money back if you don't. Again, huge levels of expertise and I'll show you guys some of the other instructors that work alongside Alex to put this course together for you guys. The mindfulness of the study sessions, everything like you can tell with what he was just saying about doing the structured sessions. Everything was put together for a reason, right? There's layers to what you're learning. So it's not just here. Learn this once and then go do it. They're going to teach you all the elements of everything that they're teaching you. And then of course, it is interactive with the yoga teachers. It's a really good opportunity to ask questions and get really good feedback. And Alex, I hear you even started doing like camera on stuff now where people can like show you their posture and you'll give them feedback, which is amazing. I love to see that. So lots of cool aspects of the course. The curriculum. So people always ask us and I know there's a question that I saw pop in the chat or in the question section earlier, what am I going to learn in this course? Well, here you go guys, everything from teaching and cueing, putting together a yoga sequence where it makes sense, right? You have to warm up. You have to build. You have your peak poses and then you have your cool down. The anatomy and physiology. We absolutely talk about that. So you don't have to have a background in that. The history and philosophy that Alex was talking about that he loves so much meditation and prontayama, which is breathing. Professional development. How do I build a career? How do I build a business around it yoga teaching? Of course, the yoga posture. This is we do talk through the assanas and the signature foundational yoga class and some ethics. So it's a pretty well wound rounded program you guys taught by quite a few different instructors. All of them have years and years of experience, which is amazing. Alex is there in the top right. We have Andrew, Angel, who's actually been on our podcast and done some live stuff with us, much like Alex has. Buddy, Machua who's also been on our podcast, really cool dude and Vasu. So all of these people are respecting the experts and practicing yoga in their field. So we're super excited to have all of these guys along with us. We're the yoga 200 course for those of you who are interested in it. We did want to lay out for you what's included in the course. We give you everything that you need. So there's no extra purchases. You don't have to go out and find other things. You'll get your teaching manual and the Asana guidebook. So those are the two written manuals that you'll go through for the course. The course includes the live weekly study studio sessions of course this student support team to help you as you go through that I mentioned earlier. The guide meditations. There's a self-paced or guided study option as well to help guide you through the material in more manageable chunks. So we laid out for you kind of like a syllabus. You do get your CPR in a e.d card included, which is amazing because you do need that not only to get the certification, but to get hired. They're going to expect that you have that certification and we're going to include it for you. 30 hours of immersive videos. You have the work sheets and some suggested practice sessions that they'll give you and then of course Alex gives feedback throughout in those live sessions. The foundational yoga, our class with 37 poses. You're eligible upon completion of that exam to register with the yoga alliance and then of course the final exam itself, which is online open book. You do get to a 10 set the exam included with your purchase. So again everything that you need is right there for you. So super inclusive. Let us know what questions you guys have in that questions tab about this. Now real quick, Alex I want to hear from you a little bit about some of the yoga career opportunities. Can you run us through these real quick with that about six minutes left and I want to make sure we get to our giveaway and our Q&A. Oh my gosh. Okay. So you know whether you do it full time or part time. It's really up to you. I think when you feel that call you want to share then go for it. Now obviously online has been something that's that got a lot bigger because of the pandemic. It's a very rewarding way to practice is a very rewarding way to teach because you your outreach is literally infinite. But in person will always be hopefully your bread and butter where you can see people in person and you can really give them adjustments and cues and feedback in real time. You can also start teaching privately. I think everybody whether it's teaching free to a friend or something start with get as many private clients as you can even if it's for free because it's going to develop you as a teacher or you know charges as little as you you can manage. Get just get the experience and you'll find that the more you learn the more you grow the more opportunities you're just going to come your way at this point. I'm super lucky. I don't really go out for jobs. I just have studios that will constantly be calling me and ask me if you haven't even my schedule. Can you do this and that's something I never thought would happen. But it's from just years of teaching and from just kind of putting myself out there for so long. I love it. Yeah, so just remember guys that I always takes time to build something like that, but it is 100% possible if that's a show looking to do. We've had quite a few students already go through this program. It's new within the last year and a half we released this program against super proud to have this as an offering for you guys. And we have a 4.74 out of 5 star reading with the yoga alliance and we're super proud of that. So guys, if you don't believe us, go out and listen to what look at what other students that have been through the program are saying. There's lots of great feedback out there. Lots of people being very, very detailed about what they thought of the course they thought of Alex's guidance, right? They love it. And we're super proud of that. We do have an exclusive discount for those of you guys who are here and then we're getting to our giveaway next guys. We are offering you guys 30% off this is the biggest discount we have ever done and will ever do. I can promise you that. I've been here for almost four years. Okay, I've never seen a course 30% off. But we're offering that for you guys. There's a promo code at the bottom here. Yoga web 30 use that promo code at checkout. And we have three different packages depending on what you want to do in this field and how much additional education you would like to get. So for those of you are just looking to get into the yoga 200 and get registered with the yoga alliance and start teaching or whether it's just for yourself. We have our basic yoga 200 course, which includes the course and all the materials I talked about earlier and then of course remember your CPR and a d course is included. Our most popular option is here in the middle. It's our mind body bundle. So this of course includes the yoga 200 course and your CPR and a d but it's a total of seven courses will also give you our transformation specialist, which is all about the psychology of behavior change super important. If we're trying to get people to change their behaviors. It's got guided group meditation class, the eight limbs of yoga. It's got back pain relief and yoga. So that's important because a lot of people have back pain and then also of course on prani, I'm also breathing and the health benefits. So really nice little bundle there to give you additional content and information that you need to go out there and be successful. And then for those of you guys who are looking to dive all in those feet forward. We have our best value, which is you're going to save the most money, but it's 11 courses total so you have everything that's in that mind body bundle. And we also include our life coach course. Okay, so if you want to help not only yoga, but you want to help the whole person that's worth that. Our nutritionist course is included that that one are glutes specialist course, which that's my baby. So I'm a little bias on that one. And then exercise for free and postnatal clients for those of you guys who want to will be working with pregnant clients. So quite a bit to get through and that one by a lot of information that you can go out and share with others. So all of these we are offering you guys a 30% off code. Again, write this down. You'll go web 30. I will keep it on the screen at the end here. But really great value for you guys and super excited to offer such a big discount just in time for Black Friday. All right, who is ready for a little giveaway here and then we'll do a little bit of Q and A. We'll pull out some questions from our questions. Box out. You ready for the giveaway? Ready. Let's go. All right, guys. So we're giving away three of those bundles. Again, it is a Manduka pro map and a yoga toes towel value that more than 200 dollars. So those of you who win your welcome. And we're going to give you anything. And for those of you who don't win, don't worry right down this code. You guys get 20% off at Manduka.com. So we'll check that out as well. So 20% off just in time for Black Friday. So our first winner and we have your email based on what you registered. So we were reaching out to you is Leah is real. Leah is real. Congratulations. Our second winner is Ronald Ivonnex. Hopefully I'm saying that correctly. Ronald Ivonnex. Congratulations. And our third and final winner randomly selected from those of you guys who are here is Melissa Gold. Melissa Gold. Congratulations. This is awesome. So we will be emailing each of you guys with the email at the email address that you registered for this session with. So keep an eye on later today. We'll be reaching out to get you guys your prize packs. Congratulations. You guys. All right. So right down this discount code again, guys. Yoga Web 30 to take advantage of that 30% off. This is not going to go on for very long. So definitely if you're interested. Now is a better time than any to get started as we move into the holidays. You can ready for 2024. But there are a couple questions that came in. I've got some right here. So I'm looking at reading questions here. Alex Rebecca would like to know how to integrate a yoga teacher training with psychotherapy. Great question. I think the mindfulness it really depends because when you're dealing with psychotherapy right you're dealing directly to the mind. So yoga and especially what we're learning in this is how to get first into the physical body. I like to think of this most like Russian nesting dolls where to get to the mind first off can be very difficult for some. So integrating a movement practice and not just moving the body, but the biggest key for yoga is that you're doing it with much more awareness. You, the, exist not just a strength in the body, does it make you actually feel how you're moving your spine to get you to become aware of how the breath changes the way that each pose and your body feels in each moment. And yes by doing that, well help to clear some of the thoughts out of the mind and kind of lay the groundwork so that when you get into psychotherapy, when you get into it, whether it's talking sessions or if you're doing a different type of therapy. It just kind of gives you the foundation for the person to be much more present and clear with themselves before you start to enter the session. So I would think that from the people I talked to, I have a few friends that are therapists, when you're including incorporating yoga, you may want to incorporate the movement doesn't have to be a full 90 minute class, but even 10, 5 to 10 minutes of some of these more basic posture and then bringing in the awareness of the breath, bringing in the mindfulness of, of asking the student to see where they feel the pose in their body and see how the the feelings the experience changes with your breath, again, just laying that groundwork so that they're much more receptive when you get into your work. That actually makes perfect sense. Thank you for explaining that great question Rebecca. Julie mentioned I've heard the saying you're only as young as your spine is flexible. I love that. And she said Julie noticed that her spine is super tight and her thoracic spine specifically and he poses to help with thoracic spine flexibility. I feel like a lot of the yoga passers because the thoracic spine is the movable part your cervical spine is movable as well, but your one bar spine should be relatively stable right Alex. Well, so thoracic and for those of our familiar, that's the ribcage portion of the spine that's going to be one of the most stable portions of your spine naturally because it has scaffolding it has the ribcage attached to it. So it's really meant to be protective to hold your organs. Now it does have movement, but it's one of the last places that we usually move nature always takes the path of least resistance. So if I were to go into a back bed my neck is going to do all the work my low back is going to do all the work what I really want to work on and you'll find this in our teacher training is how to I stabilize what is highly mobile then mobilize what is highly stable. Poses like cat cow, but with the awareness of contracting your core you want to stabilize the lower spine so that when you're going into your cow pose you're actually starting to feel the ribcage move. Many people think that the ribcage and the thoracic are immovable they're completely still it's not actually the case there is a certain degree of movement. It's not like what you'll feel in the neck of a low back, but it can be developed over time and it helps to keep some of the subluxations and some of the compressions in the spine at bay right so the more we kind of hold our spine and let it compress the more it starts to degenerate as the spine evolves fuses together. So you want to create length and movement both at forward backward side bending and rotation. Love it so sounds like Julian is quite a few poses that you can use for your thoracic spine. Yeah when you're working with back bends specifically though make sure you're bracing the core and bracing the neck so that you're tarnated because you can do a back bend and not get your thoracic you can dump your neck and and up the lower back so it's really about stabilizing here and here and then. Yeah and I know for a fact in the course because I've been through it you guys have a whole section talking about the chain and like the cervical spine so I'm sure that's that's going to be covered. I love that of Diane was curious and we're going to do a couple more here guys so if you can stick around stay with us. Diane was curious can you'll also help overcome anxiety and panic attacks. Yeah, one of the greatest things that yoga can teach you to do is to slow down your breath as we invite stress on to the map. Your body your mind and your breath are constantly balancing each other out so if your mind is very anxious and you're swirling in your thoughts most likely you're tensing your body and your breath is short and into your chest. Yoga can help greatly with this because it's teaching you how to what we call stear to suka which is fine steadiness or strength. But also softness at the same time find that balance in each of the poses and then once you find that balance start to regulate your breathing and notice how your breath, how calming your breath also starts to calm your mind. Now don't get me wrong there's going to be moments especially when you're near to the practice where you get into a challenging pose and you're like. Every it's taking everything to not like free go out right now, but if you sit with that and you slow down your breath you teach yourself to change the way that you react to those stressors you also teach your nervous system. To calm down under those higher states of stress and then when you come back to a place that feels safe you're going to drop even deeper so yeah yoga can absolutely do wonders for anxiety. I love it. All right a couple more you guys have some great question. We'll have the ones to know you at most of the yoga fundamentals certification. Would it be beneficial for her to do the yoga 200 course as well. I believe so you know. Once you start to get into the process if you're doing yoga fundamentals when you get into the process of becoming a teacher of actually doing the 200. If you want to go deeper if you want to dive deeper it when you learn something to the degree that you can teach it to someone else. You're going to put you up against all of your knowledge that's where you really test yourself. So yeah I would absolutely recommend it if it's something you're interested in. Some people do yoga teacher printing to actually teach and make a career out of it. Others just want to learn the things that you're never going to hear in a classroom setting. There's just little concepts that I wouldn't waste the time of people. If they're just coming in to get their daily practice. I'm not necessarily going to break down a concept for 20 minutes because that's a third of the practice. This is this that we actually get to see what what's going on behind the curtain here. Yeah and I would also add on to that to Melissa if you've done the yoga fundamentals that one is not eligible for accreditation with the yoga Alliance. So you are looking for that as far as employment at prospects go then yes the yoga 200 a lot of it will be a review but I get Alex and then they go deeper into some different topics like you said they go into a lot more minutia like they're a little bit more granular with it to give you even more. But you'd be eligible to register with yoga Alliance to which is often a requirement for employment. So keep that in mind. All right. Travis had a question we're going to finish with this one from Travis and then Diane Ellie and I see a couple other questions. What I'm going to do is send these to Alex I'm going to get his answers in writing and I'm going to post them on our Facebook page. Okay, so go to I SSA or go to Facebook go to groups search for international fourth sciences association. I SSA and join our Facebook group and I will post these later today when I hear back from him. Okay, but Travis asked for our final question can I incorporate yoga in between workouts. Absolutely. Now the way you know you can yoga the beauty of yoga is it can be included at any time but the way you practice it may change depending on your attention. So can you do it in between workouts 100% right it just might be a much more you could either be using it as an active way of kind of. Taking active recovery you could be using it I don't know depending on what your workout is as a passive way of just releasing some of the stress that happened from the first one where you really deep into your sympathetic and you want to get back to your parasympathetic to give yourself some time to recover and rest before you get to the next workout right. So yeah yoga because yoga is actually very it's a widespread idea right it's not so singular as how it's used you can use it in every single moment of every single day the mindfulness aspect of being connected to your body listening to your body of calming down your mind of. Feeling the sensations and getting into the different movements that keep your body open those are universal concepts that can be practiced pretty much any time of day. I love that and I would agree with that to so Travis I would say I'm a body builder and I do yoga every Sunday every Sunday for three hours I do two different classes I do yoga class and I will shower and then I go back to yoga class. I go shower and chill but I do it for it's a different kind of strength it's it I can move iron around all day but it's a very different kind of strength to hold up and move your body around especially with my bad volleyball shoulders and so it's very very different I work on my mobility and my flexibility. But like Alex said the biggest thing for me you guys is the mindfulness part like just being aware of my body like feeling like I have a weird little thing with one of my shoulders it sits higher the other this is also my hitting arm. I'm very much aware of that and how to consciously relax this side of my body and focus on stretching oh I'm catching here right. You can feel it's a very different feeling than lifting so I do it for that personally so I would say absolutely you can do it with two workouts wonderful question so again Diane Ellie and I see your questions I will make sure to get these over to Alex and we'll get you some answers in our Facebook page. But thank you guys so much Alex thank you so much for all your insight and for being here with us today. Thank you Jen and Spence so great talking to you again. Thank you all and hang in and hang in on listening. Yes, yes, yes, thank you guys for sticking around that's awesome but thank you to all of our winners congratulations to all of our winners with our menu take a way make sure you guys go check out their website for that 20% discount. And also take advantage of that 30% off again the biggest discount we have and ever will offer this course we look forward to having you guys in class and we'll see on the mat thanks for being here guys. Thank you all.

=== FILE: You Won't Believe These Healthy Leftover Hacks! [jwuZ-KNZDZk].txt ===

Subscribe & Likear

=== FILE: 🎓 How Amanda Became an ISSA Certified Trainer While Managing Type 1 Diabetes ｜ CPT Success Story [vlHlhz_7Qxk].txt ===

Good morning. My name is Tammy Nealy and I'm joining you today on Friday, January 31st for our next installment of ISSA Live. Excuse me, ISSA inspires on Instagram Live. Today, I'm a grad and I think she's coming in now. Amanda is joining us. She is an ISSA certified personal trainer and an ISSA nutrition coach. Hi Amanda, thanks for joining today. How are you? I'm well. I was just introducing that we are here for a weekly installment of ISSA inspires. We bring in graduates who have gone through ISSA courses, become certified, and we want to share their story with others in the hopes of inspiring them. Maybe having them look a little deeper at the different courses that ISSA offers and hopefully take some action from there. I appreciate you taking the time today, Amanda. Yeah, glad you're hang out with you. So it's admittedly for those people who are joining. We have spoken before Amanda. So this is not a new conversation that I do know your story with it. But I was so touched by it and so truly inspired myself that I thought it would be super helpful to bring this conversation to others. So maybe just kick us off. Tell us a little bit about you and your journey to ISSA. Yeah, absolutely. So my name is Amanda Mueller. I'm a Texas native and I have been living with type 1 diabetes for a little over 17 years. And just in the progression of my health and wellness journey which definitely encompasses improving my type 1 diabetes management. Fitness has always been a part of that journey, but as I've been leaning into self-health, mental health, right, doing all of those things that we're talking about so much, I realized that there was more of an opportunity for me to grow in both knowledge and education and even taking it further and helping other people in my community. So the next step for that was getting my certification. And so so people who join ISSA, they want to start a career in fitness, becoming a personal trainer, whether it's working in a gym, launching their own maybe becoming a franchise owner. I feel like your story is a bit different because you do have a call it traditional nine to five. So walk us through what do you do full time today and how did taking this ISSA course fit into that life for you? Yeah, that's a great question. So I'm an accountant by trade. I own and operate a small accounting firm where we work with small businesses to help them maximize their profit, keep their books straight, keep them tax compliant. But as I mentioned before, fitness has always been a part of my life. And as I've been like finding those sustainable habits that helped support me in my work life, in my home life, in my journey with managing my T1D, it was important to me to ensure I was finding time throughout the day or throughout the week in my schedule to incorporate that fitness, incorporate movement that was helping support me in all those areas of my life. So I was doing more research about that for myself and again, that's where I was like I should just get my certification. I'm already doing the research. I'm already hungry for the education and the knowledge. And I started my Instagram account last year to connect with my fellow T1D community and started sharing videos of me working out in tips and tricks and I realized that other people were hungry for that information too. So gaining my certification through, I say, helped me feel more confident in sharing how movement matters and can impact our health for anyone, right movement for anyone, but especially in my T1D community. So I'm excited about where else I can take that. But for now it's kind of a secondary hobby or piece of my life, but it's becoming more and more a part of my life and I'm excited about that. So before you and I spoke earlier this month, my understanding of Type 1 diabetes was very limited. Some of the folks that are watching today could you do an explanation of what Type 1 diabetes is and how through fitness you're able to impact your, I don't know if it's your treatment or how fitness plays a role into that specifically. Yeah sure. So there are actually many versions of diabetes, but I think the most common are Type 1 and Type 2. And the the global difference between those two is that Type 1 is an autoimmune issue where the insulin producing cells in the body stop working. And so as a Type 1 diabetic, I am insulin dependent and my treatment is insulin therapy via a pump, which right now I have on my abdomen, but it kind of moves around. There are a lot of Type 1 diabetics who have different types of technology, so different insulin pumps or they give themselves manual injections. It's just a personal preference. Where Type 2 diabetes is where the body is still producing insulin, but the body is not using it efficiently and that can be related to more metabolic health. So for someone like me, that's living with Type 1 diabetes, it is really important that my management, you know, it's stress impacts at hormones impact it, you know, as a woman, those specific things impact it, food impacts it. So I'm constantly thinking and tweaking and figuring out ways to keep my blood sugar in a healthy range that I've determined with my healthcare team, but exercise absolutely does play a huge impact in not over overall health and metabolic health, but it can help blood sugar stay more stable, specifically strength training, which is my love lifting weights. It's just my favorite thing I would do it all day every day if I could. I know that's overkill, but I love it that much. But the big impact of strength training is that as we grow those muscles, it allows for more energy muscle storage, which that occurs with glucose uptake during strength training. So when we grow our muscles by lifting weights, we are bringing a little bit more of that glucose out of the bloodstream into our muscles, which can provide some long-term insulin sensitivity for us, which as a Type 1 diabetic insulin sensitivity is like a magical word. Yeah, so you are saying all of this science-based information. How much of this did you have prior to about Type 1 diabetes and how strength training can help so for you before you took the ISSA course and how much it was revealed to you throughout your course? Oh, so that's a well, what a great question. So definitely some basic knowledge about it, but learning more through my certification course, especially the parts of the course is what we're challenging, but like stimulating in such an amazing way related to the anatomy and physiology and the body and metabolic health, that's when a lot of those pieces started coming together for me and I wanted to do more research and getting online and googling things and tying it back to additional course material, learning about the science and the mechanism that is our incredible human body, right? And how that growth of muscle is impacting my Type 1 diabetes management. So I knew a little bit, but I know so much more and again, that hunger came from going through the course. Yeah, and as you are going through the course, again, working full time, I suspect doing your reading and doing the course work and the quizzes, nights and weekends, I suspect is when you were able to do that, how long, because again, people watching, people watching this are like, I wonder how long it's going to take me, I do have a nine to five, I'm, I have other commitments, family commitments and friends, how long did the course take you? It took me about five months, okay, and there were definitely seasons in that five months where I felt like I had worked time to concentrate on it and time where I didn't, but to your point, yes, I just had to take it in strategic sections that made sense for me in times where I felt like I could focus on it. I think that you could fast track it if you wanted or your availability was there, but it is a lot of information, but it's a lot of really great information. So, you know, I would encourage anyone that's thinking about, you know, taking a course to be patient and remember, like, you've got a lot of information that's going to empower you in the long run, so don't feel like you want to speed through it, you want to take your time and sit in it and learn it, and there would even be times like in the evening after I finished a chapter, I would talk to my husband about it because we're regurgitating that information you learned helps in power you to remember it and share it with others too. And then you talked about last year, you launched your Instagram page and having conversations regularly with other individuals who have been diagnosed with type 1 diabetes, how have you brought fitness naturally into that conversation? Sure, so I again, I've been sharing my own workout, some tips and tricks for beginners, talking about how type 1 diabetes and blood sugar management can be positively impacted by strength training. And I've invited a lot of my community to, you know, send me questions and DMs or send me videos of them working out if they want some feedback on a particular mood. I love connecting with other women in our community, especially who are excited about whether working out at home or working out at the gym, but it can feel a little intimidating. So, I want to create a space where they feel like they can shoot me a video or ask me questions and it's been really exciting over the last few months to continue that relationship with them, you know, via messaging and seeing how they're progressing in the gym. So, you completed that certified personal trainer course and then I believe you enrolled in the nutrition coach course as well. Remind me, have you completed that or are you still working through that? No, I have completed my nutrition certification as well. And then were there any aha moments or key takeaways from that that have impacted how maybe you care for yourself as a type one diabetic? Yes, absolutely. So, nutrition is so important, especially with blood sugar management, creating a balanced plate. If you will or a balanced meal, that includes, you know, I call it the fab for so protein carbohydrates fat and fiber. We want to have those so we're getting our micro nutrients and our macro nutrients, but when we create a more balanced meal as a type one diabetic, it can help slow the absorption of those carbohydrates which can help prevent spikes in our blood sugar. I am an advocate for all food. I think there is a place for all food, but being able to go back to the basics and build a foundation to understand how food does impact our body is really empowering and also as my own strength training journey is growing and changing and I'm building a sustainable habit. The nutritionist certification helped me determine the best way to approach macros and be able to calculate my own and help others do that as well. And I actually just had a conversation with someone I've been working with last week where we adjusted her macros and it was such an amazing chat because she said, I don't feel hungry anymore. I feel like I'm getting in the nutrients that I need, like what an amazing change. And so that was something I learned how to do through that curriculum. And you said the word empowering there. I'm curious, you know, before you enrolled in an ISSA course, were there any like blockers in your head that you were like, how am I going to do this? Is this the right thing for me? And how did you get over those and empower yourself to move forward in this process? So I've been working for about 18 months with a registered dietitian and a type 1 diabetes coach and her name is Meg. She has changed my life. She has allowed me to view my own health journey specifically related to type 1 diabetes and empowered me to understand how much control I can have without feeling obsessive and just to understand how my body works and then again build that foundation for myself. And because of the way she's empowered me, it has made me get excited about learning and figuring out how I can empower others. And so that's what I'm trying to do now and going through the ISSA certifications and really diving into that curriculum and again, sitting in it and being hungry for more information and taking that information and looking up even further ideas and then taking that to my community and also using it in my own day-to-day life has it's just changed how I feel about how I can empower myself, how I can empower others and the journey I'm kind of like setting myself on to live the healthiest version and the happiest version of me. It's exciting. Yeah, I think you just touched on it there and I believe you mentioned it to me before. Do you go back and review your ISSA course materials? I do. Actually, I have the nutritionist textbook still on my nightstand. Because I just find the way a food impacts us to be so fascinating and with type 1 diabetes, we have to give what's called a bolus. So that is a delivery of insulin. We have to give a bolus for basically everything that we eat and learning how to deliver that accurately can be very challenging and it takes what we call trial and error and different foods impact our bodies and foods coupled with other types of foods can impact our body differently as well and getting over that food fear was huge for me because I want to be able to eat and enjoy food and as someone who lifts weights, I also need to be able to properly fuel my body the right way and hit the macros that I've determined our best for me. So understanding and referencing back to that curriculum kind of helps remind me like how my body is working in an amazing way and I've been able to lean into that more to help support me in my in my T1D management. Great. I saw someone comment in here earlier that they're taking the glutes specialist course right now. I'd like to see the different courses that you're currently enrolled in or you've completed at ISSA. If you have an ISSA third drop it in the comments we'd love to show you out. Yeah. But Amanda, I know we're kind of going in really niche on type 1 diabetes because that is your experience and that's what your focus is. But for someone who again may not have that focus but has that passion for fitness overall but is a little bit on the fence right now about like is ISSA right for me like do you have what would you say to them? I would say that for me the way that I learn I like a mix of visuals and graphs and also like specific data. So I like a zoomed out view and a zoomed in view and I think the ISSA curriculum really hit the nail on the head for me. So if you are thinking about doing it I think you should just go for it. Whether or not you decide you want to take that career into the place you thought you might you might want to take it in a different place. You never know but having that information like I said before is so empowering and I think the way the curriculum is executed within the programs that ISSA offer is really well done. It was beneficial to me. It allowed me to feel like I could pause when I needed to pause reference back in an easy way. There's a lot of videos to refer to. So it's a good mix of different types. So I think regardless of the way you learn you will be able to go through the curriculum and feel like you're making a connection if that makes sense. There is a question in the comments. How long did it take you to complete the nutrition coach course? I think three months. Okay and that was similarly going through seasons of that or was that just saying I'm doing it in it weekend. Do you really remember? That was a little bit more concentrated and I did do that one on nights and weekends. Okay. Well I want to be mindful of time. I know I said I was only going to take a few minutes of your day. I'm so grateful for this Amanda for anyone following. Is it okay if they wanted to reach out to you by DMs? If they had any follow-up questions for you? Yeah absolutely. You can find me on Instagram at bowless and biceps. Please feel free to reach out to me via DM. I'd love to answer your questions. Help encourage you share about how you know ISSA has empowered me and how much I really enjoy the curriculum. Maybe help you decide which program might be good for you. I definitely read through all of them to help decide what works for me. I have been looking at what I want to do next to be honest and we'll see. I do want to share one comment that I see. It says, I'm wondering, you just confirmed I am on the right path in changing careers. Going for my CPT and nutrition certification. You made me cry tears of joy as I am in account of. Thank you so much. Yeah! There is room for fitness in addition to whatever you're currently doing. If you are in account or whatever you said before nine to five job is you don't have to give that up to make space for fitness and nutrition in your life. There can be room for both but maybe you feel inspired to shift what your focus is. But I would encourage anybody out there to start. Just start today. Why not? It's their life. You said you said inspired right there and that's what we're here every Friday to discuss. We're here to share inspiring stories like Amanda with communities on Instagram live and we encourage you if you're interested in ISSA send us a DM visit us online. Reach out to Amanda and we look forward to seeing you back here next Friday when we'll be interviewing another ISSA grad and sharing their inspirational story. Thanks Amanda. Have a great weekend. Thanks, can we talk to you? Bye!
=== Rebuilt on 2025-12-10T06:29:15.676009Z ===
