Hello, good morning. We will obviously wait for everyone to join. Good morning, Alex. Happy Friday. Good morning, good morning to everyone who is joining. Happy Friday. Happy weekend. We survived another week. Hello, good morning. Good morning, good morning. All right. Well, we are going to wait a minute or two. We'll let everyone shuffle in. And then we are going to get started on our top 10 most asked questions that we get here at ISSA. While we're waiting for people to join in, I will just tell you a little bit about myself. I actually work here with the enrollment team. I am an enrollment support member over here for ISSA. I've been with ISSA going on six years now. So I've been here in the fitness industry, especially with ISSA, for quite some time. So I'm super excited to work with all of you today. We will answer these questions for all of you. And again, happy Friday. All right. Give it a couple more minutes. I hope all of you are having a great Friday. So far, great morning. Say good night for me because this night time my country will good night to where you are. Hello, Timothy. Hello to everyone who's joining. Good morning. Good morning. Happy Friday. Let's get it. Absolutely. It's the energy I need today. I got my energy during care too. Sorry if nobody is interested. That was, but I need a little pick me up on this Friday. Day is going great. Thank you, Timothy. All right. We're going to give it one more minute and then we will go ahead and we will get started. If you all have any questions as well, while I am going through these, please feel free to drop them down in the comments. And I will get to them. Obviously, if I can, while I am going through all of this. So we will go ahead and we will get started. All right. So here we go. So question number one. The most common question that we get all the time is do you need any prior Finnix experience or do you need a degree right within fitness in order to go through and get your certification become a personal trainer. So the answer to that is absolutely not. Okay. You do not need any experience prior to this in the fitness industry. You don't need a special degree. You don't need anything like that in order to go on this journey and get certified. Okay. All we say is that if you have a passion for helping others and you have a passion just for working out and overall health and well being, then this is absolutely an option you should explore right. If you love helping others and you love seeing other succeed and reach their goals, this is absolutely an opportunity that you should explore. So don't let that intimidate you thinking that you need all this experience prior or anything like that. That is absolutely not the case. And of course, that is actually what our certification is designed for right. It's to get you prepared for all of that. So you do feel confident once you get certified to go out there and start helping people. That is the first number one most common question that we do get. The second one that we get is how long does it take to get certified. So it is all at your own pace. You can get certified as fast as hey, I want to enroll today and I want to get this bad boy done by the weekend. I want to have my certification by Monday. If that's your M.O. you can absolutely do that. If you are someone like myself, I like to take a little bit more time to go through the course material. I probably need a little bit more time to read through it. I really like to soak in all of that information that I'm learning. Then I can take a little bit longer to get it done right. So we have up to three months for our certified personal trainer course and even more time if you need past that. And then we give you eight months to do your specialization courses. So we give you plenty of time. And like I said, you can get extensions on top of that if needed. On average, though, our students finished our certifications within four to six weeks. So that is on average the time frame that you're looking at. But again, if you do want to get it done sooner, you are more than welcome to get that done sooner. Or if you want to take your time, you can take your time. It is completely 100% up to you, which is the beauty I think of our course and doing it out your own pace. Now our third most common ask question is how much is this going to cost me? How much does it cost to get certified as a personal trainer? So that question can be very, very broad due to the fact that all of our packages and bundles, all of our courses, they're all customizable. So if you only want to take the certified personal trainer course, that's an option for you. But if you do want to elevate yourself a little bit more and you're looking at something like an elite trainer or a master trainer, that's going to be fully customizable to use whatever courses. We feel like we're going to plug in for you based on your goals. So the price can range all the way down from 50 to 60 dollars a month, all the way up to our highest package, which is around 175 dollars a month. Now with that being said to, we do have flexible payment options for you. So if you are like, hey, I would love to put this on a payment plan. We have in-house payment plans that are available to you because we think that everyone should have the cost efficiency to get certified. Or if you wanted to pit all of a front, you can do that as well. So we do have a range based on your budget, based on your needs, and based on your finances, how that's going to look for you and how we can work that in for you. So that's going to be the third most common ask question. So I'm going to go through here really quick. See if we've got any questions here. I have my kickboxing certification with ISIS. Say, love that. If you are figuring out how to get your certificate, you should be able to download it in your portal. If you were unable to download it in your portal, chat into us, we'll email that over to you. So please, please reach out to us. So we can get that over to you. Let's see, any other questions. I see a lot of people joining. So that is beautiful. Got my certification two weeks ago. Love that and you're working for a UFC gem. That is amazing. Oh, I love hearing what you guys are doing with your certification. Awesome. Awesome. Alright. So now we are going to go down to our fourth most ask question. So how much do person trainers make? So this is a very broad question. Okay, because it's all going to depend on where are you located within the country, where are you located in the world, right? So that is going to be very regional based. Is going to be how much person trainers are going to make in your area, or obviously where you're located in the world. On average, we do see that person trainers make between 50 to $100 an hour. But again, that's going to be a complete broad range based on are you working in a big box gym, are you working in a boutique gym, are you doing online training? How does that look for you? Right? So it is going to be a range. We always recommend that you check with gyms in your area that you're kind of scouting, that you're hopefully wanting to work at and score a job there. Definitely take a look at the job postings for personal trainers within your area. So that would be my advice there for you. Alright, question number five, how long does my certification last? And how do I renew? Do I need a renew? What does that look like? So your certification is going to last you two years before you'll have to do continuing education, which is going to be 20 credits. And then once you do your 20 credits, we're going to renew you again for another 20 years. So I think the cool part about when you go to renew after that two year period is yes, you can absolutely take another certification or some courses with ISSA to renew yourself. Or you can actually take an outside approved course as well if you would like to get learning elsewhere. We're definitely not gatekeeping any of our material and not saying that you have to come back to us for those 20 credits. We would love to see that. But if you see another certification that tickles your fancy with another certification company or an outside education source that you really, really are interested in, you can do your 20 credits there, bring them to ISSA and we will go ahead and apply them for you. Alright moving on to question number six. So after you get your certified personal trainer, are there other certifications that are going to help give you a competitive edge? Yes, absolutely 100%. So if you have seen our certifications or if you've been on our website, you know that we have a plethora of different courses to offer you. So really is going to be based on what is your niche, what do you want to focus on? What sort of clients are you wanting to train? So obviously yes, having your certified personal trainer is great to start off with, but adding something like a nutrition or adding something like the business of personal training or adding something like a corrective exercise is going to give you that competitive edge. Because not everyone is certified in those specific areas, right? So it's going to give you that competitive edge because let's just say someone walks into the gym and they're like, hey, I want to work with someone who specializes in seniors as well. If you have your senior or fitness certification, they're going to say, ah, I'm going to put them with you because you have that specific knowledge. So obviously the more information that you get, the more certifications you get under your belt, the more you are going to have that competitive edge over someone else. Okay, all right, I'm going to head here to the comments really quick. Let's see so many people joining still. Ah, so excited. Once you get certified, can we work with I say that is a great question. We actually do have a careers tab on our website. So if you feel like you have obviously a skill set that would align with us, absolutely please check out our career section on our website as stated. Go all the way down to the bottom. You'll see careers and all of our current job postings are on there. So that's a great great question. We would love for students to turn into members of ISA, obviously on our workforce. I do smack myself there with my little, my little rope on my jacket. Let's see here. What is the easiest way to reinstate and expired group fitness certification? I would definitely recommend. Laura, if you want to reach out to us, we either have you can call into our queue or enrollment queue, or you can hop on our website and chat in with us. We can go ahead and take a look at your account and see what options we have for you and then further help you from there as to what's going to be the best option for you. Okay. All right. I'm going to hop back in here. So we have question number seven. So how are you going to prepare to pass your final exam? Okay. We have a lot of different options in regards to that. So what comes with the course of in with itself is going to be all the quizzes you can take. So all the quizzes leading up to it are going to prepare you for that final exam. Okay. The biggest thing though, too, is we do have add-on features that you can add to enhance your experience with obviously retaining that knowledge for your final exam. So we do have the option for the fast track, which is super, super handy. We have the study expansion pack, which I personally love for myself. I don't know if there's anyone out there who struggles a little bit sometimes with learning material. The study expansion pack is awesome. I know it seems a little odd, but it has like crossword puzzles in there. There's like flash cards and there. There's a bunch of different learning material aside from just going through and reading and then taking the quizzes and then going on to your final exam. I personally think that that helps, you know, a person like me prepare a lot better for the final exam and not instance. We also do have a CPT bootcamp and then we also have a live learning experience that goes with that as well. So like I said, we have a lot of different features that can help you with preparing for your final exam. However, I will say that I take a lot of pride in ISSA for the course materials that we give you and those quizzes already, to prepare you for the final exam. And of course, it is open book and it's on time. So if you do, you know, your end of the middle of a question you're like, man, I know I learned this. Let me just get back to that chapter and refresh myself really quick. You do have that ability to go back as well. So there are lots of ways to be prepared and feel confident going into your final exam. And we do have a very, very high pass rate and success rate with our final exam as well. So rest assured there in regards to that. Our number eight to most common question that we get is what job opportunities are going to present themselves or what is going to be out there for me once I get certified. So this is a very, very broad question because there is a lot of different things that you can do with your certified personal trainer once it in your hands and once you are certified. So a lot of our certified personal trainers do go out and they do seek job opportunities with more so big box gyms in their areas. We always say that's a really, really great place to start due to the fact that they obviously help you with, you know, gaining clients there. And then they will also be able to show you the ropes. Right. So if you are new word of the fitness industry, you are new word of being a certified personal trainer. I tend out of 10 recommend going to a big box gym first, learning the ropes there and then kind of venturing out. But there is the opportunity as well to work for boutique gyms, right? So I know a lot of people within my personal life who actually are contracted with boutique gyms. They rent out this face and they have their own client load and they just do their thing in their own space, right? And then obviously as we have seen in the past 10 years more specifically after COVID, we have a huge boom and uptick in online coaching. So online coaching is another really, really great option. And I'm just going to shamelessly point out the business of personal training course is great for anyone who is wanting to become an online trainer. Due to it being focused on running your own certified personal training business, it'll teach you how to market yourself and do all that good stuff online. And then in addition to that, I mean you saw in the comments here, we have people that are working at UFC gyms. So if that's more of your jam and more so that niche looking at UFC gyms are looking at more so MMA gyms. So there is a whole world out there with personal training that you can obviously put your hat in the ring for whatever interest you in that regard. I feel like there's health and wellness, my apologies, and various different industries that you can explore. So the job opportunities are definitely endless. All right, so our number nine most asked question is what makes ISSA CBT course unique, right? We have a lot of different certification companies out there. I know obviously there's a lot of popular ones NASM and ACE are going to be the two that I feel like I hear the most from everyone. So what kind of sets us aside from them? So we do offer a job guarantee, which I think is absolutely incredible. It is for our US residents. We do offer again the fast track. We have the study expansion pack. We have an entire student success department. Our course as well. Not only do you have the option of taking the online exam. You do have the option as well to take the proctor exam, which we include for you, which not. I don't want to say not a lot of other certification companies offer it, but not a lot of other certification companies offer that for you. We do have the option for payment plans and the flexibility of paying for your certification as well. So there are a lot of different things that make I feel like ISSA's CBT course unique. The biggest one that I cannot stress enough is we really do prepare you to go out there and start training people as soon as you have your certification. So the amount of aids that we provide to you within your course materials we provide videos. We provide examples of how to give your client and evaluation. And then what do I do with this information? What do I do with this evaluation? And how do I put it into play for making an actual program that's going to benefit them? These are the sorts of things that our course really sets you up for. It sets you up for those real life experiences that you are going to be facing with your clients. So that is the biggest thing that sets us aside from everyone else and makes us completely unique in the industry is how prepared you're going to be when you step foot in that gym or you step foot online and you're like, hey, I'm taking clients. You are going to be prepared to do so. All right. And then number 10 our last one. How does becoming a certified personal trainer with ISSA give you an edge? So as I just stated this kind of roles into what I was saying before. The biggest thing that's going to set you aside is going to be the fact that you are going to be prepared right off the bat to start helping people to start taking on clients to start putting programming together. Right. So that is going to set you aside from someone else. Again, I don't want to name any certification companies, but someone who may have just got on the basic information, right, and that all that's all it kind of was was information. There was no really helpful tools on, okay, now how do I put this into play? How do I make these puzzle pieces fit together in a way that makes sense for me and it also makes sense for my client, right? So that is going to be the biggest thing that's going to give you an edge from everyone else. And then also to I will say with ISSA, we do have 10,000 gym partners across the United States as well. So I think that that also gives us a really really huge edge aside from everyone else is being such a well known company within the fitness industry. We've really established ourselves and we've really established a name for our trainers out there. And they have the ISSA certification in their hand and they are ready to take on clients and ready to get out there. All right, so that is going to wrap up our 10 most common questions for today. I did want to say if I did not get to your questions or comments in the comment section today, I do apologize, but I would like to say there are a couple of different options for you if you did not get your question answered. Please send us over a direct message. We do have someone actively answering our direct messages. So send your question over question or comment over to us directly. That's the first option. The second option is going to be we are available online on chat as well. So if you go to ISSA online.com, there will be a chat box and you can go ahead chat into an enrollment specialist and we are online and ready to help you. I know sometimes not everyone has the opportunity to be on the phone and to call in. So we do have that option available to you if you prefer to chat with someone. And then our third option is going to be that call in option. Okay, so if you would like to talk to someone verbally and you do want that voice to voice connection to get those questions out and get those answers that you're seeking. Please please go ahead and just give us a call in. You can also find all of our contact information directly on our website on ISSA online.com. Go ahead, call in and we are ready and available to help you. Thank you so so much to everyone who joined us today. I really really appreciate it. Thank you for spending these last 20 minutes with me on this beautiful Friday. I hope that you all have an amazing rest of your day and an incredible weekend. Take care everybody.