Well hello everyone. Welcome in super excited to have you guys here. The whole bunch of you guys. We're going to give it just a minute here before we dig in. I know you can see my guests with me. Welcome into our webinar. Super excited to have you guys here. It's going to be a fun discussion. You're like 60 more seconds guys. And I do want to point out. I'll introduce myself in just a moment here. But I do want to point out, you guys, this session is going to be recorded. So everybody here, even if you have to drop off the call for any reason, you will get an email in the next couple days with a recording of this session. So keep that in mind. You will be able to go back and rewatch all over this information. But we're super excited to have you guys here. Nice. We've got a good little group here, Joe. All right. I think that's about as much time as we're going to give them guys. Let's go ahead and dive on and welcome everyone. Thank you so much for joining us. This is a production of ISSA partnered with TriFact. We are talking with a very special guest, Mr. Kai, green. You guys already know you registered for this. You're here for a very special reason to speak with him. So I'm super excited to give you guys that opportunity and to hear from him about his career and some of the things that he's been through and some things that he can share with you guys. So welcome into our webinar today. I do want to take some time to introduce those of us who are on this call. I'll start real quick. My name is Jenny Leewell. I will be the facilitator or the host for our session today. So you'll hear a little bit from me, but it's all about our two guests of honor today. I am a senior content developer with ISSA and a working personal trainer of going on 16 years now. So super excited to offer some insight for you guys in that realm. I'm going to talk about it on over to Greg Connelly from TriFact. Greg, introduce yourself. Hey guys. I'm Greg Connelly. I've done a few of these with the ISSA now, but founder CEO of TriFact. We're one of the largest organic meal delivery services in the United States. We've sold about half a billion dollars worth of food. We shipped all 50 states and we work with a lot of legends in the fitness space like Kai. So yeah, Kai, if you want to, I guess you don't need an intro, but want to get people the quick background. What's up everyone? It's your boy, K with the AK Aims to getting a done. I have to be pro Kai Green. Man, you know, I, I, I, how would I actually describe myself? What for purposes of this introduction? I am definitely lucky enough to be associated with the National Sports Sciences and I represent a tri-factor. I believe myself to be an artist entrepreneur, athlete and a continuing process of success in its development. So it's my privilege and my honor to be able to share some of these insights with you today and be a part of this platform. Absolutely. We're super excited to have you with us Kai. And if you guys have seen anything about this guy, ready to think about this gentleman. Watch this documentaries. I have done all of the above super excited to learn from you. I'm very creative. My super excited. But thank you both for being here with us. I do want to go over a quick agenda for you guys just so you know exactly what are we doing here today. So we'll start off with a little bit about I SSA and trifecta. We'll keep this part brief, but we do want you guys to understand who we are. We'll get some amazing insights from Kai on his career. This is going to be a fun session where this is where probably a lot of the questions are going to come from. So the chat will be open you guys and the Q&A, the question section will be open. So please any questions you guys have for Kai. We're going to do our best to save some time at the end for him to answer some of those. We'll talk about unique careers and fitness journeys with that you guys can get into fitness and change your life and the lives of others. We'll learn a little bit more about partnering with brands like trifecta and they have some amazing affiliate program options available. And a lot of companies out there you guys are following their lead. So we'll have Greg right here with us. Tell you guys about how they do that affiliate program what that looks like for you as a fitness professional. And then we do have some prizes and you must be present to win. So I will say that which means you got to stick with us all the way through the session and at the very end before we do our Q&A we will announce our prize winners. So definitely stick around for that. But again, be sure to put your questions in the Q&A or the chat feature. All right. Any question is a good question. So I will go ahead and kick us off here guys before I toss it on over to Greg to talk to you guys a little bit about who is ISSA. Some of you guys that you actually recommend recognizing some names of people that are here with us. But some of you guys are familiar with ISSA but for those of you guys who are not we were started in 1988. We are one of the top if not the top fitness certification company out there. We have the most certified fitness professionals in the world out of any certification organization. And we also have quite the offering as far as our courses we offer more than 50 industry approved certifications. So I'll talk a little bit about some of the brands and some of the reaches of our education. But our goal is to certify it more than 100 million people and connect everyone with healthy living by 2030 and we are well on our way. We also offer leading student success support for you guys as students with ISSA. We have live instructor led options lots of different course offerings as well. Some of the brands that we do partner with you guys are brands that we've brought into ISSA. We love them so much and what they offer for you guys but we incorporated them into what we offer. We know the yoga and wellness academy including an accredited yoga certification. We're part of the health coaching institute functional nutritional alliance FII which is for senior fitness revolution running and even train fitness. Our certifications range from health coaching to personal training to nutrition to group personal training to all kinds of specializations in between including bodybuilding. We've got you covered there. We've got everything that you could possibly want and we're super super proud to have quite a few accredited certifications and an affiliation with yoga alliance. We're so proud to have you guys here and learn a little bit about us but I also want to talk to you guys about us. Before we get into the affiliate side of trifecta tell these guys a little bit about trifecta. Yeah absolutely so for those that aren't familiar with us we're the largest organic meal delivery service in the US. We have title sponsored tons of events like the you know Mr. Olympia the CrossFit Games we built the UFC's bike prep program and most recently actually this month we were featured in the Netflix documentary you are which you eat. Where we fed both the omnivores and the vegans in this big Stanford study that was pretty phenomenal because it was done on identical twins. It's awesome. Great show. Yeah so it was amazing we trended number three in the world on that Netflix docu series for almost a month so huge hit that we were thrilled to be a part of. But then beyond that trifecta is targeted at athletes we focus on everybody from professional athletes like kai to you know fitness professionals in general gym owners and then you know what I call average guys like myself that are doing their best to stay in great shape. So our whole program is designed around fat loss and muscle gain later in the the combo today I'll talk about our affiliate program which is really designed to make more money for trainers, gym owners you know celebrity athletes etc. And then we also offer something called we call meal prep where you can actually order food by weight so if you want to get real serious like kai or Jenny we can actually ship you. Stay same in chicken you know broccoli rice whatever in particular it is by weight so you can dial in your macros to the gram. So lots of options from trifecta and really we're just trying to to give back to the fitness community with this webinar to you know help educate people on how to work with brands how to make money with brands and of course how to build your personal brand as well which. You know kai is somewhat of the subject matter expert on. Oh, no pressure. And I do want to call out for those of you guys who are enrolled with or certified through iSSA we do partner with trifecta so we do offer discount for students and members with iSSA. Logging as say trainer.com across the top there's a nice little menu go to the professional division section at the very top and there's exclusive discount and you will find the discount for trifecta. How to redeem that so if he's peaked your interest definitely go check it out and take advantage of that discount all right well now let's get to the man of the hour I've got some questions for you. Okay, you ready for this. I think there's cost yeah, no I'm ready. Wait, I got to go you ready. Well, the first question kai we all want to know how did you actually start your personal training career. So how did I start my personal training career? I like most people had a lot of different ideas about. What I need to do to get started and like a lot of people may think I thought like. I think. I think you say that. The honest truth is I think my journey started when I realized that I wanted to. I wanted to do more and I wanted to be better and. I wanted to do that there was something about my personal experience something about my responsibility to myself. That. Good only be satisfied by investing in learning to do something that. Speak the the biggest possible meaning. I've become good at something and I saw martial arts film when I was a kid wasn't even a teenager yet and I saw. When watching this film. Some kids that weren't much younger than me that were already elite level masters at martial arts. I was nine at the time. I might be too old to actually find something to get good at. So I need to start in the beautiful thing about I think the process of developing yourself and discovering your. Ability to develop your fitness journey forward. I started right where you are. So my first personal training endeavor, you know, really had all to do with. Being concerned with the matter of me. I was watching enough to discover that. I could start that journey right where I was. I was able to do that at the tender age of being that young. That's really when my journey started and I think. I was able to move on and grow and get to a place where I could find better direction and come up with good ways to answer some of the questions that I would. Discover along the way of my journey to develop. International sport sciences was a very good and positive resource for me at a time when I was ready and realized I needed most. That's awesome. I thought when you did get certified through I have to say like how did you use that information and what you gained from it to like really build your career. So the the interesting thing about that is that yeah, I wanted to be better and I needed to. I needed to understand up until I think up until a certain time of my earlier development. I did like most people do I get my hands on any piece of information that I could and if I heard somebody that. I would talk about their experience and it looked like something that. Interested me because I thought that that information satisfied. The question that I really do understand that I was on in regards to my fitness journey. I listen to it, you know, and I think all roads eventually led to. I think I was going to be getting to a place where hey, you know. I. Thought about getting certified, but. At that time my goal wasn't to really start a career in personal training as. As a tool to to. My business to sell something to someone else as a service. This was a for me a very real and personal experience that really started with the investment of developing my life. So like the information I wanted to learn how to. I had to build my chest I wanted to learn what it was to to discover the makeup of my chest I wanted to build bigger arms I wanted to I wanted to understand. More. Of. Some of the information that I was picking up along the way like most people I picked up a magazine and I picked up a different. I took from the different resources that you could find available to you when you have an interest in something. But the educational part of it the the breakdown of some of the sciences involved that related to trying to understand the what's going on under the hood. For me. Was really where I. I got a great sense of help. Yeah, I think honestly that's that's the the honestly best way to answer that. And then that's what's what science is was that is the place that I went to. After technically just experiencing a whole lot of. Stuff you know life happens and I grew up. I'm still growing. I have aspirations I want to be as successful athlete. And I didn't care about anything else. It's just the truth. I was an abysmal failure and a lot of other things but when it came to at least the discipline. And my ability to train I knew it made me feel better and I knew that in doing that I was able to demonstrate. But myself what it felt like to be in control. And as a result of doing that I became more aware of my own personal power. And I was able to start to use that control to better navigate my way over some of the challenges in my life. So I wanted more of that I was successful at this thing. And I needed more information to become better you know. So yeah, friend of mine actually a counselor one time I had been in a counselor in a institution facility. I was at as a teenager. Actually put you know, put the money up and paid for me to get a. A certification in something now up until that point I hadn't. I didn't graduate high school. I didn't you know start anything with school. I thought school was just something I was so far from the realm of possibility for me. But I knew I appreciated the the things that what positive from you that came. For my experience with training and homing my discipline and. I the ability to learn. More things to help me do that more professionally made all the sense in the world to me. So even though I didn't feel like I was much of a success. I was in a realm of you know being in a you know person that did. Inspired to do those other things I went to get certified. I took the course. And what I discovered while taking the course was like, wow, you know what I love science. You know. I love everything related to the things that. I was able to see was spoken to so positively. By the coursework and the opportunity that I had that. That time I liked to to you know experience that. I went to workshop or two that was also. Part of the package at the time. And I got a chance to meet. Dr. Halffield and I got a chance to you know. I was just a little bit of a chance to be able to stand in the same room with Tom Plats and. You know, these were iconic figures for me that I've got the chance to read about, you know, years before meeting them and watching. I'd seen countless hours of footage. Of Tom Plats and I got a chance to just be exposed to a lot of the things that were really. I'm just a material that just helped me. Again, discover a better part of myself that existed and you know, I. I took the course. I did very well. I loved the educational experience and technically. Through that I went, you know, I ended up wanting to continue. So I ended up going and being so inspired after the course that I wanted to go back to school and I. You know, got my. G. D. And I went on to went to. I went to college. Yeah. And. I know it can sound like something that is really not. Almost like. So this probably not very honest, but technically for me. The experience to be able to have this opportunity to talk with. Everyone that's willing to listen today. I think is the opportunity for me to also say that in an effort to answer this question. Honestly. The career path and things that I discovered. When I got and certified. For me. Was really about answering the question of what's going to happen to my life, you know. And I didn't do it as a I didn't get certified at that time as well. You know, I'm trying to get a job. I did it because it was an investment in. How I saw. The next stage of my. Right thinking personal development process unfold. And I was very, very happy to discover on the other side of that experience. And it wasn't wrong. Yeah. I love that. So I mean, you did this for you, essentially in the beginning. Is that a big advice that you would have for people like do it for yourself. First, be your own best and first client. I think it's very important to find somebody that you really do believe. Matters to you. You know, the ability to search for information sometimes just because. I have to try to pass a test. Sometimes for some people that's that's probably not enough reason to. Find your best, you know, to really want to do your best. And at least for me. My steps towards that let me to getting certified was really just. Rapped in the idea of believing that this is the thing that allowed me to learn more about something that I really did care about. You know. When we started talking about exercise science. Well, I was I was working hours and hours and years by that point of working out on my own in the blind. You know, just, you know, with just gobs and gobs of passion that you know. Allow me to get through it, not be by because it was a dry tree, but because I really wanted it, but when I. Started to do the coursework that allowed me to get ultimately certified, but that was this stuff that was really. That's the stuff that unlocked the mystery and it kind of made a lot of the things that I started to understand or struggle with in the process of my fitness journey. Me, it made a lot of that makes sense, you know. And still today, you know. Originally, I was certified many, many, many years ago, you know. And it was it was the starting point for me to discover and realize a lot of really awesome things about myself. That even today I look back on and I still feel very rewarded richly. By having had my relationship with in a natural sports sciences start as it did, you know, and it's one of the things that I technically want to give back today. So, you know, being on this. On this platform today and sharing very candidly my own personal. Story for me is. And large part because I believe there's somebody that really can possibly benefit from hearing. Me share this with you. It is very candid and. The only I could do it, you know. Yeah, here we are. Yeah. So you mentioned some of the challenges that you had when you started your own journey, right? Not knowing what you were doing, but then learning about it getting better at it. When you're actually working with clients, or some of the challenges you faced with helping other people. Kind of essentially see the light or realize that here's what we need to do to get you where you want to be. So it is a thing you you don't necessarily have to. Sometimes in the traditional sense, we'll look at something and say, well, you know, you have to. In order for this answer to apply to you, I have to see you in this specific way as in saying that this person is a client. Sometimes I think in an effort for me to answer your question, I realize I have to be more expansive with how I apply the term client. On your journey personally, you're going to be confronted with a lot of challenges, you know, you're going to meet. And in this day and age where a Google search away from just a wealth of information that a lot of times can be given without context. And a lot of times for a person that's trying to navigate their way of being successful with their fitness journey, their own personal fitness journey, you know. You'll find there's a lot of information out there to to pull from and how do you know what piece of information applies to you at this particular time in your life that. Is the most critical I think. Being able to be certified or to go through the process of getting that piece of information. I discovered that I was a client, you know, I would have been I would fit the mold of what my what my first client was and everything's everything forward. And even to the point in an opportunity of you know now having a relationship with my sponsors and with trifect and being able to realize the development of my name and my my influence as a brand all of those things were built out of. The initial steps that really just came from identifying what I loved. Realizing that there was a benefit to me to learn more about the what's going on under the hood of that experience for me and whether I chose to. Identify myself as a client one or client 100 it was. It was necessary to begin to start and now have been able to. As a as a kid I was able to now make better sense of some of the things that I the first book I ever learned how to read was. Arnold Schwarzenegger's encyclopedia of of body building and. Carthelites. But this was a book when I was a teenager that was like it was it was larger than the Bible you know it was it was just really big book and at a time I you know also I will say this you know I didn't I don't read until I was 16. I was a one of those kids that grew up with the parent that you know has family time reading to you before you go to bed and I grew up without a love for reading at all you know and until. Until until I actually you know got around that age technically I did not have a love or interest in reading it wasn't until. I got the opportunity to. I have that book that was given to me by by a counselor in institution facility. Um. Um. It's seeing all the beautiful black and white photos in it and wanting to understand what was being said and. To unlock the key to all of the things I started to at least open my mind to the possibility of. You know this thing called nutrition and and and muscles and then. It was a starting point that allowed me to really get ready for. Walking into a place where I got. The manual with um international four sciences and now with that I got the in between information that. I was so refreshing at that time of my life and it just it really helped me start to. Answer more of the questions that I had that. Any person that's trying to develop their own fitness journey on their own turns by themselves would actually have to have you know. Um so it explained the things that I didn't understand in a more. Specific. Um and insightful way. Um that even through the issues and challenges that I felt like I was faced with earlier one of my. My development. Um. It made it easier for me to understand and. Yeah, my client X became me right my client one was only going forward. To truth is I went and now I mean I was able to you know, not to the other side of the floor. I was so much of my own e-books and things and you know, find myself in the process of you know still working and. Believing and unlocking the potential power in myself. Um that allowed me to realize the opportunities to find myself on more platforms and with more opportunity to speak. Um and because I had been exposed to the information that really help me understand. I identify the right thinking ability to speak to what you may identify as client. One thousand in each one of the people that have gotten the chance to be exposed is some of the training philosophy that I understand. Some of the in the trenches experience when I'm in the gym, when I've been in the gym on my journey that caught a lot of the cross, a lot of ridges and meet a lot of personalities and work with them and and train with them and answer some questions while actually in the trenches of the experience. My journey hasn't all just existed in one experience and as it continues to unfold, I think the term client, you know, if I would have looked at it as that, you'll see that there's so many people that are under your influence or exposed your influence. As an authority, you know, with some things under your credit, with some, you know, titles and trophies and some, you know, really wonderful associations, you know, with your name and your brand. I think every one of those influences or those that will be influenced by become a potential client, you know, and I believe that a lot of what I'm able to do as confidently as I'm able to speak to today was aided in large part by those initial steps and the resource work that I got with working within a natural sports sciences. Some of these things, so speaking of yourself as a brand, by the way, let's start talking a little bit about you as a brand and the things that you do. So I know you partner with Tri-Factor, you partner with a lot of different companies, actually, so let's be real. We're going to keep it focused today. No, with you. Like, when we're talking about you, though, what do you focus on for your nutrition to maximize your energy performance, your results? What do you focus on usually? What do I focus on? Well, my nutrition is obviously the place to start absolutely. I think your nutritional plan is shaped by your goals. Now, I met a very interesting time in my life in career where I don't subscribe to the same exact protocol and approach to my day and training development, you know, as I would and as I have when getting ready for competition, I stopped, surprised to say, you know, I am not quite competing in the president's, you know, I think possibly subject to change. But one of the things that I just definitely have to say is that, you know, nutrition is everything. It's very, very, very important when you have your goals in line and you know what you want to do, whether you're competing or not. And we're saying that, yeah, Tri-Factor helped me down and they do every, every so often I have to say this because it was a time when we had a very interesting situation, you know, that affected everybody, you know, and COVID came down to pipe. It, you know, the shutdown was a real thing, you know, it was a real thing and for a lot of people it was very difficult to get around some of the challenges that it, you know, that it represented. And, you know, one thing that very, very interestingly enough, I have to say, I have to make sure that I got my males every, every week without incident. Like I really do believe that if they had to send it by a drone, a big orange and white box, you know, it was shipped and truth be told is so funny because everybody had their own challenges. But, you know, I managed to be my staff at another time when I actually, I just something to come to the company and I had to host the things and responsibilities. But with that we had this warehouse and tri-factor sent me enough food to be able to not always support me. But everybody in my office, we had, if we needed to sequester ourselves at the warehouse and the office space that I had in Jersey at the time, you know, we made sure we had stacks of salmon, stay, I mean, times when there was, there was, there was, you know, it was a real crisis, it was a real crisis. And I'm just saying it's for the people that, you know, I don't know, there's a lot of people that might, you know, feel like there's some, something to benefit from this moment of candor, just share this with you guys. And, you know, it was a wonderful thing to be able to win, it was a talent, it was a talent. People were complaining about not enough to go around certain stores, just weren't even getting deliveries, you know, you know, when people were talking about bear shelves and it's some places and really, you know, hit very hard by the difficulties brought by the shut down, from the old ways came through, they always came through, I mean, as my mentor, I was in, well, I was, I mean, truth is, I was, I was, I was expecting that they wouldn't come through as, I mean, because in truth, when things happen, it's, you know, especially to the extreme that we all experience during that time, you know, any day you would expect that okay, yeah, that didn't come. It's not coming anymore. We'll have to probably, I don't know, but that never happened, it never happened. It was as if we were totally unaffected, you know, when it counted, because with saying that there were people that were, that started their prep, you know, before the, the shut down happened and, you know, you saw a lot of people that were working out with bands at home and, you know, trying to do the best that they could and, you know, there was some very big challenges that I think a lot of people faced when it came to even saying with certainty what their meal plan would be, you know, if they could, if there are people that started their show prep and stopped, you know, simply because of inaccessibility. And I guess at a moment like this, what they platform that we have right now, I think, it's only appropriate to mention this because, you know, if the tradition is as important as it is and we understand that that is, that is a truth, that is undeniable, you know, I was really held down, you know, during that whole experience. And I was in a good place because I actually did, I got my meals sent to me without incident. That is if I don't know what they did, you know, I don't know what challenges the company may have been faced with in an effort to try to maintain their ability to service their clients. A lot of challenges. Yeah, we, we definitely had major issues in the pandemic, but we were a part of the governor's task for St. California to keep shipping food because people couldn't get food. Exactly like you were talking about. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Would you say, guys, that some of these brand partnerships have kind of helped you advance your career? Like obviously you hide your own companies and you are your own brand, but partnering with some of these brands have they helped you advance your own career and what would you give as far as advice for those here that are looking to maximize not only their visibility, potentially their income with some of these partnerships. Well, I mean, one of the things that's been, I guess, very helpful, at least for me, has been to be clear about what's important to me and what what what I wanted to do with the development of of myself and ultimately what becomes your brand. I think I think for me, that is that is the place where I start, I think associations are cool, but it's it's something to be said for being able to identify what you want to stand for. And what is going to be what is important to you, I think will be ultimately, you know, determined by that and I think the right associations will take shape as a result of that. Yeah, I think that right, I'll be able to give us some insight on how they can make money doing it, because again, really cool affiliate opportunities out there. You know, I really do believe that if you, if you, I once heard it said that, you know, find something you love to do, learn how to, you know, be willing to learn how to master doing it very well. And, you know, I'm a stop right there, because I realize what I'll do is, I'll probably start paraphrasing it enough, where I'm not. No, where it is, all right, okay, one more question for you here. What are your future aspirations? I know you said that, something that are possibly coming, but what are your future aspirations on the fitness industry? So, and fitness, this is a very important part of my life, starting with just my right to decide as a person, what's going to happen with the matter of myself. Everybody has that responsibility, you know, before I can talk about brands and labels and, you know, the flashy stuff that's on the surface, I think the truth is, everybody has to answer the question of, you know, what's going to happen to you, the matter of you, what are you going to do about it, how are you going to, so for me, getting up in the morning, I know that my fitness, you know, affects my health, and my responsibility to at least that part of my development is important to me. So, I'm always going to, I'm always going to train, you know, it's also a very important part of my therapeutic approach to my self development. So, training is a wonderful release for me, it's just an amazing vehicle. So, I'm always going to train, and it's far as like the things that come from that, I think, the ability to have, I guess some kind of influence, you know, I think it starts with with Elise doing that for myself. So, the matter of me, I address that way, and, you know, obviously with that, I'm, you know, I have some acting that I'm doing. I, you know, I'm an artist. I have a lot of artistic projects that are in the works currently as we speak, preparing to do a major art show, and really awesome gallery and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and this allows me to do really stand on the development of some things that are really personal with me that I really want to be a share with the world. I, you know, have another company which is like a dynamic muscle comics, and I had to, you know, put together a comic, you know, intellectual property that is, you know, King Kai, and, um, I'm really, you know, behind the scenes, you know, involved in developing some of those things, um, you know, and working with some music, I have some musical projects that are, you know, um, a particular tape, and we have a number of things that I'm doing with, um, some of my sponsors, in fact, my supplements sponsor that's based in Dubai. Presently, um, we're working that, you know, get some new products to come to the for great process of being able to share them with the international market. I, um, I consider myself to be a, um, you know, a success that is continuing to develop, um, and with that, I, I just recognize myself to be an example, and I know that as a result of some of the things that people have gotten a chance to see, you do in an effort to overcome some of the challenges, uh, you were faced with earlier running in life. There's an expectation to either, you know, aim to represent, you know, um, a really positive, larger possibility, all fall from grace. Um, it's not going to work pretty well. I want to, I want to, and you know, I, you know, I believe it starts with, with, it mattering to you or in this case, me, and I'm very, very thankful for the relationships that I've been able to develop to this, this time of my life, and I am, I'm very optimistic. And happy when I consider that there's room for more, and I would want to, you know, represent the larger idea that you're best as you had to come, you know, so it's always worth it to continue to work, you know, to continue to believe in yourself, even when you get these, some, some challenges that can speak to you and sometimes they can knock you down, you know, um, they can really knock you down on the other side of the COVID experience and the shutdown, there's a lot of businesses that have been absorbed and, you know, shuffled about and even lost. And it can sometimes with some of the pressures that exist, and we could see happening, you know, in an international space and some of the things we can see domestically at home that are very challenging and speak to, you know, speak to us in ways that we can, that can make us feel very afraid. I feel like it's important to at least say this that my fitness journey allowed me to recognize that it's worth it to work and to work at all is an expression or exercise in hope, faith, and belief, you know, our ability to share on this platform today. We are representing that idea of hope, you know, we may call it fitness, we may call it, you know, nutrition, we may call it, you know, but the truth is, you know, if a person is not, you know, hopeful or in a place where they believe in the rightful promise of tomorrow and willing to work today to improve the quality of what that tomorrow will be. It's not enough hope sometimes to see your own way through. So I'm just saying it's to say that I recognize that there's a there's a responsibility to to to to represent that hope and to remember the idea of hope. Wherever you are, you know, the ability to invest in yourself and to want to develop, you know, your way positively through nutrition through your fitness journey, your ability to to stay positive and to believe that tomorrow is worth it to work for and that the larger possibilities that you still want to experience in your life, you know, it still belongs to you, you know, and making the choice to exercise to train to learn more about it. So you could put this quality life in your own terms, you know, and secure that for you, can be helped by the platform that we're talking about today and the resources that we have the opportunity to share as they're available. Yeah, that's a great point, Kai, and that's a lot of what we do as fitness professionals. We do get the opportunity to make money, doing something that we all love. I feel like everybody here loves exercise. They love working out. They love training, right? Just like yourself. We get to improve our own personal fitness. You talked a lot about that today. Share the benefits of fitness. Have that hope for people because we know that exercise is good for everybody. We all should be doing it. You get to help others love to help your life. And of course, there's tons of career opportunities out there. Lots of opportunities for those people that are just looking into getting certified or again, a lot of people that I recognize here are already in the certification program. So there's lots of different opportunities and places that you could work. And it's important to think outside of the four walls of a gym, which is really cool. So speaking of making money though, because at the end of the day, you guys, we all might be passionate, right? But we all want to be big time like you, Kai, big time like you, Greg. And there are opportunities outside of just, you know, doing reps and bicep curls and chest press to make money in this industry. So Greg, can you tell us a little bit more about brand, partnerships? I feel like a lot of people are really into partnering with brands. Sure, absolutely. I would say for gym owners, trainers all the way up to pro athletes, you know, influencers and celebrities. It is brand partnerships are a big kind of key to success. They are a way to help subsidize the cost of training, running a business, all of those things. I mean, even if you're a gym owner oftentimes, we'll talk to gym owners that after all expenses, you know, they're not making a tremendous amount on the gym. But if they incorporate, some brand partnerships, whether it's supplements like Kai was talking about or meal prep, or maybe even a peril, they're able to actually really drive up the amount of revenue that they're making. So lots of easy ways to engage with a brand, you know, reach out to us on Instagram, you know, on our website, come say hi at a trade show, you know, I can't even tell you how many people I've met at, you know, Olympia or FedEx, but we're across the games or UFC fighter, you know, just shaking hands and kissing babies with people. You know, it's it's easy to meet brands. I think one of the big pieces is showing the brand that you can engage with them and, you know, bring value because the brands, you know, we want to bring value back to our athletes as well, you know, in our partners, whether that's, you know, giving them money directly, whether that's an affiliate program, whether that's, you know, helping create content with them, getting in them involved in different things, you know, cross-promoting with other celebrities or influencers, etc., you know, all of that, I think really effectively helps brands add value to their partnerships. So initially, you're not going to be as famous as Kai, so when you're just starting out, you know, you got to be a creator before you're an influencer. And what I mean by that is there, like a company like TriFactor, we're running millions and millions of dollars worth of ads a year, just to constantly keep new business coming in the door fast enough to pay the bills. And for that, you know, some of those ads may feature celebrity athletes like Kai, but some of those ads are also going to feature personal trainers, gym owners, even, you know, regular guys like myself, because vast majority of our audience, unfortunately, do not look like Jenny or Kai, you know, they're regular people like me and they're just trying to stay in in great shape. So you can be a creator and add value to a brand by, you know, we have, uh, up-and-coming personal trainers or gym owners that will do photoshoots for us or create content for us to run as ads, you know, lots of other things where they can make money on the side, without having a huge audience like Kai already intact, you know, they're starting out with maybe a few thousand followers on Instagram or YouTube and they want to build that audience while being able to make money from it. So, start as a creator before you can become an influencer and eventually a celebrity or celebrity athlete. There are levels to this and you're not going to immediately create an Instagram and get seven and a half million followers like it's their Kai, Kai didn't do that. There were steps that he went through in order to get there and tri-fact a started out with 20 clients, 50 clients, you know, etc. And eventually we got tens of thousands, then hundreds of thousands, uh, it takes time to build up a brand and an audience, etc. So, I think Kai actually spoke to this quite quite eloquently, uh, target brands that improve in a line with your personal brand. You know, it doesn't make sense for Kai to be partnering with, uh, you know, a mouse pad company. Like, it's not something he's, right? That is a giant mouse pad. Just a little bit. Yeah, I've got a glass desk. So, I need a huge, yeah. I need a huge ass mouse pad. I was not my laptop over taking it up. Uh, so the long story short, partnered with brands that make sense. I mean, Kai's partnered with meal prep companies, supplement companies. He's, he's into, um, you know, stuff like comics and movies and various other stuff like that. So, he'll get involved with generating IP around that. He's into fitness. So, who's he going to partner with? The ISS says. So, he can, you know, understand as much as possible about fitness and eventually create his own e-books and his own content. Like, partner with brands that make sense. You know, don't, don't try and go out and, you know, partner with companies that aren't aligned with your particular industry. It'll make it easier for you and easier for the brand. We, we call that in the industry. We call it being vertically aligned. Meaning you're, you're aligned with what the brand cares about and the brand is aligned with what you, you care about. Kai is on his social media talking about how to get in great shape and what to do with your nutrition. That makes perfect sense for somebody like me. Uh, you know, I get people an example of, um, you know, in Denver, the big, talent agency pitched us, uh, guy Ferrari. So, now I love guy Ferrari, but he has to do a food, but he's not in the fitness space. He's like, you know, he's eating burgers and drinking beer at diners. Like, I love the guy. He's hilarious. He's super famous, but he doesn't align with our brand. Um, so yeah, I would, I would align with brands and then, you know, build the contract structure so that your value add for the brand. Like I said, start as a creator, moved being an influencer with an eventually a celebrity athlete, celebrity etc. Uh, but go through the right steps with the brand and get feedback from the brand. I mean, we've had hundreds and hundreds of athletes at Tri-Facta. We know what's, what's going to work. So we try and structure our contracts to make, make sense that way. And then it's easy. You could start making additional money with brands today. Whether it's Tri-Facta or most other brands, I SSA, you know, etc. Um, most of them have affiliate programs. So yeah, at the beginning, you're going to make a few hundred extra bucks a month. Eventually, that gets up to several hundred then a few thousand, you know, you just keep building on it like you're doing with your physique and your training clientele over time. So lots of keys to brand partnerships, but, you know, ultimately it's like, you know, engage with them, start at the level you're at, you know, and then align with particular brands that makes sense for you so that you can ultimately, you know, build an empire and a legacy like like Kai has done. I love it. And Greg, I think the thing that most people needed to hear was that second bullet become the creator before you've come to influence. You actually have to create something people want that content essentially, give them information, give them something of value, and then you can become an influencer. So I love that. You guys didn't hear anything hear that. But just remember guys that all starts with getting certified, you're building your credibility, right? You're maximizing your client success and you're making money because I know I keep bringing it back to money, but the, at the end of the day, you guys, we all have bills to pay. Right? You see that doll behind me? My dogs don't buy their own dog food, right? We have to make money for life and support our families and for me, my four-legged children, right? We need to make money doing this and not the end of the day. That's what it's all about. Of course, we have our passion and all these things, but we have to bring in some money. We're learning to sell and build our online businesses, build a personal brand, build our reputation, and we do that through getting results, building relationships with people, and then of course connecting with brands and other trainers and influencers. That's a great way to continue to build what you have started, make yourself a brand. And I am like, for example, I'm a brand. I've not affiliated with other companies right now, but I also don't have the band with to be a creator. Like Greg said, I just, it's not something I'm interested in doing necessarily. It's creating all this content and putting it online. It's a lot of work. So don't get a twisty. There's a lot of work and I'm sure Kai and Greg can both tell you the same. But if you do have that band with you, are interested in that, that's how you start. That's how you get into it. So lots of different opportunities out there. So I love that. Thank you so much, guys. I think I have a bunch of questions for both of you guys. So stand tight. I want to get to our prize winners real quick. So first of all, guys, we have two different prizes that we are coming out. First and foremost, we're going to give about two I.s. to say, specialization courses and two trifecta gift cards. So I have my specialization course winners. They're going to give me the winners for the two trifecta gift cards here in just a second. But our winners for these specialization courses, oh, you win both. Never mind, you get both of these. So if I call your name right now, lucky you, you got a specialization course and the trifecta gift card. I stand corrected. All right, our first winner, Keenan and Ruz, congratulations. Congratulations. Whatever email you registered for the webinar with, we will shoot you an email without ever doing that. And our last winner, our second winner is Jamie Amos. Jamie Amos. Congratulations, you guys. Congratulations. That's awesome. So of course, as we wrap up here, we have some Q and A for these two guys. And I saw some really good questions coming in. We do have some deals for you guys. We do have $200 off our Elite Trainer Bundle, which is our CPT plus for free additional specializations of your choice guys. And again, we have everything you could possibly think of getting. So lots of different education out there and Kai absolutely expressed the importance of getting educated. You'll use the code, code, try green 200. If you're interested in getting a certified personal trainer, specialization, we have plenty of courses. We have $100 off of our specializations. And 50% off your first trifecta meal order. That's awesome, Greg. Thank you for that. Well, I SSA 50 is the code to use for that. I'm going to be ordering some stuff again. Very soon here. So I appreciate those at the discount codes guys. But let's get to some Q and A real quick for a few minutes. Brandy asks, for you, Greg, how can Jim franchise's partner with trifecta? Is that possible? Yeah, absolutely. So we have a link at the bottom of our website that just says partners. And it's just a quick form to fill out. And we partner with everybody from CrossFit, 24-hour fitness, you know, you name it. Most of the major gyms we've either partnered with their franchisees or, you know, with the corporate gym chain itself. So reach out to us on the bottom of the website. We love partnering with gyms. We give them gift cards, banners, shirts, all kinds of stuff to help promote trifecta within the gym. And then of course, what do you want at your gym? You want everybody walking out the door with a six pack like Jenny and Kai. So nutrition is going to be a big piece of that. And, you know, if you partner, you know, if you pair the training you're doing at your gym with your members with meal delivery service, you can have phenomenal results for your clients. And that's what ultimately matters. Because then they walk around and everybody says, oh my gosh, Karen, what'd you do? You know, that's the effect that you're going for. I mean, guys, there's someone even again in the industry and Ben and the industry for 16 years. I can tell you that when you can put all of the resources that are client will need right there in front of them, like a meal prep service. Of course, they have the trainers, they have the guidance, they have the coaches that are there. Right, coaches are there on the sidelines with you every day versus the GM and the president who just says, here, that's your doctor here, do this. And then they'll give you any information. But if you can have all of this stuff right there for your client, you will get results for people. It's when we send them off into the world and say, go figure this part out that they don't. Right? If they knew how to do it, they wouldn't be at your door in the first place. So I love that you said that, right? Because you're having that there and a resource available to them right there, they don't have to go anywhere else for to figure it out on their own. It's a no-brainer. It's absolutely no-brainer. Kai, there was a question for you. How is the influx of social media, self-made trainers impacted the market and potentially the value of having a certification? What would you say for that? Hmm. You know, that's an interesting question. I mean, I know that it can seem like there's a lot of options out there. But there's something to be said for confidence comes from doing and I think that it's important to get the right information from the right place that you're, you know, just allows you to be prepared. In this case, so well prepared provided that you, you know, are interested in doing so. You'll find it you'll be able to stand on stand on your platform. I don't know. I think, how is it? I don't know, there's a lot of information available to people on the end of the guy. I'm just recognizable. Dr. Various. They're that in Dr. Goon. But unfortunately, a lot of times there are people that will, you know, we'll try to diagnose themselves and find it. It's just not to the best advantage to do that. I think one of the things that I thought that I think is pretty interesting to within an after-sport science is that there's a lot of course work and opportunity to help you develop your team awareness of the subject and the science of the subject that you care to specialize in. And, you know, as far as, you know, how many options are out there as it is, a certified trainer or a person that just, you know, is able to expel as a whole bunch of information out of context. You know, I think the best way to answer that is just to think about having the confidence that comes from, you know, taking the right course with the right accredited influence that can not only point you in the right direction, help you hone the skills that's home to tools to be able to be specifically to the client. But now, you know, you can stand on it confidently. And yeah, I think that's the better way to answer that. It's always going to be a lot of options that they could be able to people, you know, are there ever being a young man growing up and training and, you know, building my physique and that just came back from winning like the, you know, some of the bigger shows in the development of my experience, the discipline of my, the discipline of my experience and I'd have people say to me, oh, yeah, you know, you work out, you like, you like my friend had, was locked up. And it's like, they were compare you to something that was like not just because you had muscles who wasn't wasn't a spectacular about you with the equivalent to a person I was just, you know, with three hats and a cut working out. When the truth was that you were a world class athlete proving yourself was to have learned this necessary skill sets and prerequisites of discipline and drive to really, you know, be distinguished as something, you know, superior and worth being, you know, recognized for the credit that you deserve. Unfair comparison, I'm just saying at the end of the day, yeah, it's also going to be able to get your get your accreditation, but more importantly, know and have the faith and trust in, you know, being able to be advised correctly and taught this subject and have the course work that allows you to really be in a lead level, you know, person in your field with an organism that stands behind you. Yeah, I think the biggest thing that you said that that's stood out to me is a lot of the information that's out there in the, in the, in the, on the interwebs, as I like to say, is out of context. It is 100% out of context. So it might be cool or interesting looking or something super fun and new, but it doesn't apply to the person who's seeing it, they may think it's cool, but if it's not going to help you get close to your goals, I think it's kind of looped. So I love the way that you said that. All right, guys, we got one more. And Greg, I wanted, I wanted you to reiterate, there was a question asking, how do you attract and choose the right affiliate? You kind of talked about this when you were talking about the Traffectent affiliate program. But what would you say, can you remind us again, how we, like, content to influence our, as far as attracting a fist and affiliate? Yeah, absolutely. So if, if you're a gym owner, a personal trainer, an influencer, etc. You really want to target affiliates, affiliate programs, a brands that you think makes sense for you, you know, brands you use, brands you personally like, and that share your values, you know, if you're, you know, if you're a vegan, it probably doesn't make sense to partner with a steak company and, you know, vice versa. So make sure you're really aligned with the brand and you believe in what the brand is doing. That's going to make your job at 10,000 times easier as an affiliate. Then from there, you know, ultimately you want to reach out, look at their website, read about their affiliate program, read what it pays, you know, etc. Do your homework on it, which is usually pretty easy. Most brands have a partners and an affiliate page on their website. And then most brands like us, we have, you know, Chris Gianna, who's on this, this call right now listening in, they have a partnership manager who helps out with working with other businesses or trainers, etc. to help onboard them onto our affiliate program. So, reach out, have a conversation, do your research and then pick brands that are aligned with, you know, what's your passion about, you know, exactly what that guy said. Yeah, and it's fair to say, Greg, that means affiliate or these brands are probably not coming out looking for us, right? We need to like gather our own little ammo and go to them, right? Yeah, I mean, we get so much outreach every single day. You got to go out and raise your hand. Otherwise, we just, we just won't know. For someone like Kai, we're going to track him down because he is so popular, but for most people, it's going to be, um, they're coming to us. Yeah, fair enough. I mean, you know what, I want to pick you back on that, because that idea of like someone like Kai, the truth is, for me, you know, um, I remember being the kid and having a handout Bible tracks, you know, to encourage people to, you know, you know, go to church or, you know, whatever. Um, and I remember, you know, how hard it was at times, you know, to give something away that you thought was meaningful and had value and you thought that, you know, but, you know, at the hand and Bible track, you know, and, you know, and say the thing that they told you to say and it seemed like I would encounter a lot of people that just really didn't want the track, they didn't want to be, you know, um, bothered at all, you know, um, and then when I thought about, you know, what I was doing and they said, I got older, I remember looking at, you know, recognizing that you represented a message, you know, I represented a message when I was a kid passing out those Bible tracks and I remember thinking like, you know, this message is valuable, this message has a resource, it could be a resource to someone that was looking for a needing it, but it seemed like, though for all the good that I thought that it actually was, you know, in that message, you just seemed like it was a lot of, like, um, unnecessary, uh, obstacle, uh, in trying to pass it out. I remember thinking, well, what would you do if you like, I want to give this message, but it just seems like people didn't want it, it seemed like I was bothering people, you know, and I remember thinking about this because, you know, in life, I think what happens is you, you know, if you want to get your message out, sometimes you've got to be able to represent the idea of the message, you know, if you want to preach to someone about, you know, what it looks like to be in the good graces of or the idea of a potential saving grace that is a beautiful thing that can offer the value and the resource that the people really do want, then you need to show the miracle in the development of your own life, your own living experience, you know, and I think it applies right now that message because technically the ability to create the opportunity through my work, taking the, the information that I was able to get in, and the course work that I discovered there and it effort to become better and more proficient at, the skills that I would need to become the better thing that I was aspiring to be, it allowed me as I continue to work and do that work. I could build myself into a place where I'd be able to stand on larger audience, stand on larger platforms, be able to be in front of, you know, more people, and there and I was able to kind of solve that riddle for myself, you know, if you want to be able to give a message of value, you know, then you need to represent the example, you know, show the miracle of that, of that, of that good gift, you know, in the substance of your own life, you know, if you do that work, you stand on that and what happens is you ain't got to go and try to give. Hey, let me, allow me to introduce myself, my name is Nama, just watch me, I'm going to work I work and if there's somebody that's listening to me right now, just trying to think, well, how do I become an influencer or how do I become an entrepreneur, what you want to do, what you're passionate about, and do the work, get the work done, because what happens is as you do that, guess what happens, you ascend and you start to go from where you are to becoming the better thing that you aspire to be, and guess what, when you do that, people do want to interview, people do want to ask you how, what did you get there, what they do care about the answers that you have to offer because you care enough to solve the riddle. So now what happens is instead of standing as a little boy trying to pack out the message of hope, hey, take this Bible track, it doesn't have to be what I'm trying to say is not in the literal sense, but in the full sense or the full expression of that, the idea of hope, guess what, you'll be attracted, you will be attractive, that's a result, the larger idea that you represent will be able to be given through you, you become the example, so they take the information you make the most of it, you show you demonstrate how it is of service to you and your own life, and that's kind of why I'm in the position that I'm in today to be able to share this with you guys, technically, is proof to the point, it's worth it to work, you do the work, as you do that, you build yourself, this effort is an expression of an interest in your own self-development, answering the question of how, how do I make the most of the matter of me? You know, if I'm responsible for the able to say what I do from the time I get up in the morning to the time I go to bed at night, and I'm able to take that time and invest it in the development of something that allows me to build that into a platform, and I'm able to stand on and through seeing me there on this platform, the world is able to identify me for the success that I'm able to create based on thinking and working in a specific way, then my life becomes a testimony. And as I aspire to do more, and as I make more of the success that I'm able to take and translate these words in a book, and this practical explanation of exercise science and nutrition and put it into a formula that works for me, and I take this thing, and I go out into the world of competition, and I conquer, and I'm more, I'm identified as a success, Bible says we know a tree by the fruity bears. I plan to represent great fruit, and as a result of that, I guess what happens, opportunities come. Yes, and you'll find that the energy will seek you out, because you're a part of that larger energy that's larger than you. It's a successful that, like the laws of attraction, it's crazy, but it's there. I don't know, I've probably got a message, but I'm not trying to, you know, wait a minute, I love it. Yeah, you brought a full circle on now on, I love it. Thank you both for being here with us, and thank you all for sharing and being here with us. I'm from really great questions, Kim, and thank you again, Kai, thank you, Greg, for being here with us so very much. And, guys, we'll be talking to you soon, keeping eye out for the email of this recording as well, guys. Thank you so much, everybody. Thanks, everybody.