Hello everyone, welcome to our webinar session. We'll give a very, very young moment to settle in here. Hello, hello, lots of people joining us today. This is awesome. We're going to be doing this. Super excited to have everybody here. So guys, our chat box is open. Again, we're going to wait about a minute here before we get started with our presentation. However, you all have a link for a chat at the bottom of your screen. The Q&A is also open for you guys. So if you have questions as we're going through today, please use that Q&A. But you guys can also use that chat to talk amongst yourself. And I can see your chat to you. So you can chat with me as I'm talking and the other presenters are speaking today. Welcome, everyone. Nice. We've got almost 90 people here with us today. This is great. All right, guys. So as we start to settle in again, chat is open. Oh, maybe it's not. Hey, not a sack. Let's get that chat opened up. Stand by. All right, guys. We're going to go ahead and dive on and welcome into our session. Wow, almost 100 people here with us today. So excited to have you all here. Today, our topic, how to transform your passion for wellness into a thriving health coaching career. Now, every single one of you guys is here because you're interested in or maybe you are already a certified health coach, which is amazing. We're super excited to have you guys all here. Good news is we have options for everyone and some information that will hopefully help everyone. So let me go ahead and dig on in here. First and foremost, though, guys, let's introduce who's going to be talking to you today. All the talking heads as I like to call it. I'll start first since I have speaking already. My name is Jenny Scott and I'm a senior content developer here with I. I don't only do I create a lot of the courses that we have here at ISSA. I developed them in a lot of the courses, which is kind of fun. But guys, I'm actually a certified personal trainer, nutrition coach and online training coach as well. I've been training for about 14 years. I still actively work with private clients in both nutrition and just general fitness. And I work with youth and college level sports performance. That's kind of my niche. But I'm super excited to be here and talk to you guys more about health coaching and what it is. It's actually something I've started to incorporate with my own personal business because it does make an impact in every single person that I'm training as well. So again, super excited to share all of this information with you. We've got some nutrition students for who to name. Maybe nice. That's awesome. Just got certified. Sherry. That's great. You guys. So excited. And we'd love to hear you guys as insight as we're going through our presentation. I want to introduce you to the two other presenters that I have with me. We'll start with Miss Jessica. Jessica, introduce yourself. Hi. Hi everybody. Thank you so much. My name is Jessica Grazer. I am the head of success here at Flowwell. And I'll just give you a little bit of background about me. I am a certified health coach and clinical nutritionist. I've been in the medical community for over 13 years and I'm sure there might be some people here who have experienced the same thing traditional medicine. We love it. But there was a significant gap between preventative care and traditional medicine. So once that became super apparent. I was like, you know what? I'm going to make the transition and I'm going to go into holistic health. So I have been running my own practice for over eight years as a health coaching clinical nutritionist. I work with diabetics and people with CHF. So I do say on the clinical side. But just working outside of traditional medicine. So I decided to join Flowwell. The opportunity came to me and I said, you know what? If I can help everybody else find success the way that I was able to create it for myself. And I'm going to help so many more people. That is the goal. So if we can do it together. I think, you know, strengthen numbers. So that's why I'm here. I'm so excited to talk to you guys today. And now I'm going to throw it to Michael Shehan. He's our co-founder and CEO of Flowwell. Thank you so much, Jessica. I am pumped. We've got an incredible group of people here that all share a common mission, which is to help people and to make the world a better place. And that's what's so amazing about what we all can do is we can go out into our communities and impact lives. And that's what we're all here. To do and today's going to be a great presentation to go in and talk about the strategies and approaches you can do so. So a little bit about me. I started my health journey over 10 years ago when I started my personal first business. It was a gardening business, so helping people eat nutritious food. And ever since then, I've been on a path to create businesses that help empower people to live better, help your lives. And over my journey, I study business. I've worked in sales and marketing, worked in clinics, physical therapy and car practicing, seeing the power of a holistic health journey. I can have on people and that's what brought me to start flow with my co-founder, Taylor Stahl. And ever since about two years ago, we've been on a journey to empower health and fitness professionals. And I've had the privilege of working with over a thousand people at this point just understanding the ins and outs of what you're going through. So I'm super pumped to be able to share some insight and knowledge with you guys today. And just thank you for joining. And I'll send it back over to Jenny to get on with today's presentation. Awesome. Well, thank you guys so much for being here with me super excited to be dive on in. So let's do it guys. Let's get started. So today we're going to be covering a lot. We'll be discussing a couple different points, which I'll outline here. First and foremost, guys, we're going to talk about what is health coaching. You have to understand what it is in order to understand if it's right for you. From the chat, it sounds like a lot of you guys are already in the field in some way or another, which is amazing for those of you who are not, we'll make sure that it's right for you. We'll talk about the role of a health coach and how you'll be able to help others as a health coach. You'll learn the ins and outs of the ISSA's health coaching program. For those of you who are still looking to get certified. We'll explore some career opportunities and some pathways to becoming a health coach and growing your business. But then also guys, we're going to have some really great available resources for you guys that you can help use to watch and grow your career as a health coach. So don't forget the chat is open. So make sure to throw your questions in the Q&A, but also that chat like you guys have been using it is open. So feel free to communicate freely there. Okay, no question is a bad question except for the one you don't ask. Yeah, good. Good. Sherry said I'm excited. I'm glad you're excited. So we're going to cover a lot of information today, you guys. But we really want you to come away with some actionable steps and useful information to take to the next step. Okay, so if you're new to the health coaching side, here's what we want to talk about as far as the certification process for you guys. You'll first learn again what a health coach does. We want to make sure that you know what you'll learn as you become an ISSA certified health coach. And we'll share some career opportunities in the field for you. Specifically career pathing how long it takes lots of the details. For those of you that are a little farther along in your journey and are already certified as a health coach. And education process. We have quite a bit for you guys as well. We'll talk about some career path options for you guys so that you can dig a little bit deeper. We'll help you understand how to launch and grow your business quicker. That's the key. Anybody can do this over time, but we want to help you guys get up running and helping people faster. We also have some phenomenal resources to show you to make coaching clients more efficient and keep you really excited about the process. And I'm super excited to be able to link you guys within established community of health coaches who are already out there changing lives. So so much to share with you no matter where you're at in the process. I feel a lot of dietitians in here too, which is awesome. I love that. I actually went to school for dietitians and stuff and I just never finished it because I already have three degrees. At what point do we stop right? But before we dive in since I'm here as a representative for ISSA, I want to tell you guys a little bit about as a company. Okay. First and foremost, as a certified more fitness and wellness professional than anyone else in the industry. We've actually been around since 1988 and our mission and our vision have always been to connect at least 100 million people with the power of healthy living before 2023. And we're well on our way with that. We can currently offer more certifications than any other organization out there. As of today, you guys, it's more than 50 certifications and that's huge. We're not talking about CEVs here. We're talking about actual certifications. And we have a huge library of continuing education courses covering everything from specific nutrition to special populations and health conditions and even specialized training techniques. And I always have to mention that we offer more support to our students than you will find anywhere else. Every one of our students gets access to a professional student success advisor. It's a certified professional that's available to help you with any questions you may have as you begin and grow your career. Our students have access to several online spaces for support and community live and structure, live courses for a lot of our coursework. And we really do have a well-rounded process to really help our students from start to finish. So take it from someone who's given a book to study when I first got certified 14 years ago. We've come really, really far. So super excited to share the different ideas with you. So let's talk a little bit about why health coaching. All of you guys, I see like 130 people here now. Why are you guys all interested in health coaching? And why is it so important is the bigger question? Health coaching is an incredibly fulfilling opportunity you guys. And with some effort and some time it can be pretty lucrative. Hopefully some of you guys here are experiencing that. Health coaches have the opportunity to make a huge impact on the lives of people they work with. And we have an amazing opportunity to improve our own lives as well. As a health coach, you have a unique opportunity to help people, which let's face it. All of you guys want to do otherwise you wouldn't be here. And you can enjoy the flexibility of coaching others as a part time opportunity or as a full time career. And we'll talk a lot about that today. Yep, I see that in the chat. Laura said to see positive differences in people's lives. That's amazing. So cool. And never forget you guys don't underestimate the power of having a career that you love. Imagine being able to wake up excited every day and ready to go to work. Health coaching allows you to become the best version of yourself and help others do the same. And from the sounds of it, a lot of you guys are already in that spot. So I love that. So let's break it down. What is a health coach? Let's describe this in better detail. So first of all, health coaches are guides. You're also motivators and your educators. Our main role as a health coach is to guide and empower our clients to make the Hager changes that will help them reach their goals. Whatever those may be, it's also up to us to help them figure out what are their true goals. Right? Sometimes they may not be so defined and we can help them with that. Health coaches have an inch here of the tools to make that happen. When you coach your clients, you're helping them manage their health and ways that extend beyond just physical exercise. So that's super important. We're helping them optimize their nutrition, helping them make good dietary choices. And ultimately, we have a goal of helping them improve their health and their longevity to live long, full life. We're working with people to help change unfavorable habits that may be negatively impacting your health, or the health of their families. Think about that. A lot of people control what happens to their families. So if we can help them, we can ultimately help their families as well. We're working with people to improve their sleep quality and the recovery from physical exercise. So they wake up feeling strong, energized and ready to take on their day. You're also helping someone manage chronic health conditions or maybe even their stress. A lot of these things can affect health productive. So if we can help someone manage it, you might just help them change their life. And this is a big one. Improving mental health and self-efficacy by teaching people how to harness the power of positive thinking. We can help them set realistic goals for their lives. Now I understand that this is a lot of responsibility that a health coach carries. But I can honestly tell you that there isn't a human on this planet. You guys that couldn't benefit from what the health coach has to offer. Everyone could use it, including us. And it's definitely going to be definitely using what we're learning with ourselves. So let's take a look at a few health coaching and actions scenarios. So what does it look like when we're actually helping clients as a health coach? So when it comes to nutrition, health coaches can provide resources, recipes or just general guidance for clients and help kind of make food choices that support optimal health. And again, it supports the health of their families as well. Other people will benefit from this as well. We all have habits that we wish we didn't have right? Well, health coach can help people identify their detrimental habits and hopefully change them over time. Things like giving up smoking, changing their snacking habits to better facilitate their fitness goals or even helping somebody in the right regular exercise to promote optimal health and a strong body. These are all things that we can do. When it comes to working with others and managing our interactions, health coaches can help someone improve their autonomy and self efficacy, their self confidence and even communicate better. So whether it's with coworkers, family members, friends, they might even be able to ask for that promotion at work. We can help them manage these relationships. And there are millions of people in the world living with one or more chronic health conditions. This is a known fact. And I think a lot of you guys know that things like high blood pressure, diabetes, obesity, it's all prevalent. The good news is that many of them can be reversed or slow with health interventions. And so we can help as health coaches someone pinpoint the things that might be creating some of these chronic health conditions or contributing to them and help them give them the tools to turn those things around. It's often well documented that thinking positive through having a really big impact on our mental and physical health. Health coaches can help people change their mindset around things that otherwise would be holding them back. And again helping them set achievable goals that are realistic and impactful for them. So for example, someone wants to run a marathon for the first time. It's never too late to start training. We're not saying you're going to train them for that marathon, but you might be able to help them with the mental aspects or scheduling things like that that can help them get to the finish line literally. And we don't want to leave out some other more opportunities for health coaches like creating valuable shareable content. Okay, so you guys are able to do things like create blogs, do YouTube channels right start a podcast other ways that you can again reach more people with the education and the knowledge that you have and again have an impact on their lives. There's also opportunities to speak at conferences and help in wellness events every year and live events are back. So this is a super fun opportunity for those of you that are interested. I personally speak at two to three conferences every year in the personal and inter-life in person interactions are super super fun. So lots of other opportunities for you guys there. And that helps coach you guys let's talk about the education that's required again it looks like a lot of you guys are already either on your way or have completed quite a bit of education in this realm. But there are some educational requirements for those of you who have not quite started the process this ensures that you have all the foundational knowledge that you need to be able to help clients with things like nutrition exercise stress and stress management. And I help conditions which I mentioned a couple times and even the psychology of changing our behaviors there's a lot that goes into that. At minimum you're going to need a high school diploma, okay, a degree is not necessary but some people like some people here do choose to pursue a degree in various fields like that it headaches actual coaching psychology things like that as well. You also need to earn a certification. Again, it's going to make sure that you have all the foundational knowledge that you need to coach clients effectively and safely. Okay, make it looks like she wants to do some public speaking guys there's so many opportunities for public speaking out there which is awesome so I'm glad that you guys are excited about that we'll talk more about that through that. All right, so I want to talk to you guys a little bit real quick about the ISA Health Coach curriculum so for those of you looking for a certification. I'll tell you a little bit about what you will earn and the course that we have created we spent years creating this course and we're super excited to present it to you and there's a lot that's covered because health coaches know a lot about a lot of things. So you'll learn about client coaching and communication this is huge you can't just have the information in your head you have to be able to deliver it to people in a way that makes sense for them. We cover cognitive behavioral therapy and psychology. Chronic health conditions, specifically the most common ones, we want you guys to understand what they are and how our lifestyle impacts these conditions. The basics of exercise science and fitness, so you don't have to be a personal trainer for this part, but we will give you the foundational information that you need. We'll also talk about some nutrition basics, sleep and sleep hygiene so the importance of rest and how to get better sleep. We'll be defining physical, mental and emotional stress and tools to manage it this one's huge. We'll talk about effective goal setting. Ethics for health coaches and also business development for today's health coaching professional. I'm not going to lie it's a pretty big textbook that we give you guys what this course but with that said it's so much more than exercise in nutrition so all of these aspects of health coaching are necessary. With ISSA we actually have three amazing education options for you guys who are ready to begin the journey to certification. Each bundle that we offer it gives you all the course we're going to need to be successful in working with clients as a health coach. And we have some expanded bundles that as well that for those of you guys who want to do more than just the basic coaching you want to get into things like nutrition and exercise recovery and potentially some other aspects of fitness we have you covered as well. The most simple option is going to be the health coach bundle. This gives you the health coach certification all by itself but again it's all the in-depth learning that we just covered on the previous slide. You'll have everything that you need to help people change their behaviors and really take a look at their lifestyle their fitness their nutrition and their stress management. Next up we have our health coach elite there in the middle. This is the bundle of courses which includes the health coach, the nutritionist and the online coach. So this gives you even more knowledge. You'll be able to expand how you work with your health coaching clients and offer detailed coaching for nutrition, lifestyle habits and the biggest thing guys will give you all the tools you need to take your business online. Okay, so there's a whole other aspect of coaching clients online because accountability is different when you're not in person. So that's why we've included this bundle. You'll get everything that's in the next bundle. Sorry the health coach master program is our biggest one. Everything that's included in the health coach elite bundle, which also gets some additional courses. You'll get exercise recovery to specialize in physical stress management. Transformation specialists from even deeper dive into human psychology, motivation and behavior change. We have our yoga course included in this one which I love that this is in this bundle you guys because now you can actually work with clients and help them with stress management physical mobility and even mental clarity and focus with this program. We've included our weight management course which helps you in holding on your clients and what they need to do to help maintain a good strong physical body. We're looking at the three major aspects of our our lives diet exercise and lifestyle. So this goes right along with health coaching. The master program is definitely our most popular option because includes so much and you'll be able to help people in every aspect of your health fitness and wellness. So that's a different option looks like carries in the master program now that's awesome. Oh you've done quite a few of them looks like you don't nutrition exercise recovery left. That's awesome. You've gotten quite a bit of a course that's awesome carry. So tell everybody how you like it in the chat to them. You love the awesome to hear. Now not only guys will I as a side provide I said they provide you guys with the education that you need but we also have quite a few resources like I mentioned. First you get unlimited educational support. I mentioned this earlier but guys this is when you're getting certified but even after you're done with your certification. We're here to support you in whatever help you need. Okay. We have success advice available you can reach them my phone email and chat. Learning with I SSA is 100% online which is awesome. So you guys have the flexibility to learn at your own pace anytime and anywhere. You can learn everything that you need to whenever you're ready. We give you plenty of time to complete your course. And by the way the exam is online as well for your convenience. Okay. So we're proud to offer this much support for you guys and this much flexibility as you get certified and on your path to becoming a health coach. Now I'm going to hand this over to Michael to discuss more on the career paths that you guys might be interested Michael take it away awesome. Jenny I cannot wait to have all these incredible health coaches coming out of the program that you guys have offering. And then going into their careers and that's what I get the privilege of walking through today is talking about what happens after you get certified. So let's jump into the three career paths that we see most health coaches take the first is that you're going to get full time employment working for an organization. This is incredible opportunity and so many coaches thrive in this environment. The other arena is starting your own personal practice and going full time as your own business owner. Now there's a lot of empowerment that comes with starting your own practice and I'm so excited to dive into how we're going to be able to help you with this. And then something that is very popular amongst health coaches is starting what's considered a side hustle business. This is when you're adding health coaching on top of an existing career and we're going to dive into all three of these here in just a moment. So let's take a look at some of the opportunities that we see health coaches have. The very first for employment is broken into three categories the first is corporate wellness. This is big employers are investing money time and energy into their own employees and health coaches are a perfect way to empower the community of employees that work in your organization to live a healthier life. So corporate wellness is a growing industry for health coaches definitely take a look at some of the corporate wellness opportunities out there. The second thing are fitness and wellness centers we're talking about gyms, spas and health clubs what they're doing is they're expanding their service offering to include health coaching. This allows them to interact and stay connected with their client help outside of the gym or the spot and really make sure that the lifestyle of the individual is really great and getting the best out of that healthy lifestyle that they want to promote. And then the third is when we're talking about collaborating with the medical community. Doctors are incredibly equipped to help you with your chronic conditions, but they don't necessarily have the time or the training to help bridge the gap between your lifestyle and the medical conditions that you have. So health coaches have the opportunity to really step in and be that bridge so that people can find truly healthy lifestyles and adapt it to either prevent or actually reverse some of the things you want to do. To either prevent or actually reverse some chronic and preventable diseases. So amazing opportunities for jobs or health coaches and then also creating wonderful businesses all of the opportunities for jobs also are ways for you to start your business. Not as an employee, but as a partner to these organizations. You get to move the industry forward by setting up partnerships with corporate wellness fitness centers and clinics with medical providers. This is an incredible way to be a leader in the community and start forming those referral partnerships in which people can look to you to serve their clients in excellence. So a great way to do that is through private one-on-one coaching or group setting coaching so you can work with one or many people at a time and of course as Jenny mentioned before creating content is super valuable creating courses. Blogs podcasts e-books all can generate a passive income that helps you scale over time. And then the last one here is side hustle. A lot of people are into this getting their side hustle on. You get all the benefits of a full-time business, but you just are streamlined. You focus your time and energy on maybe the client courses or maybe a partnership or two and you can use that extra 10 to 20 hours to really add an additional income source. So whichever these career paths is interesting to you that's what we're going to dive into next and look at the kind of pros and cons so that you can make a more informed decision. So I'm going to pass it over to Jessica my team member to walk through that. Okay hi everyone. Thank you so much Michael. So now we understand which pathways are available to us once we become certified so. How in the world do we decide which one am I supposed to go for which one is right for me so we're going to dive a little bit deeper into these pathways. So luckily for flow, we've had the opportunity to speak with hundreds of health coaches. So we were able to really put together a nice comprehensive list of pros and cons for each of the pathways. So in this webinar, I really do challenge all of you to think about what are your priorities and your personal values because that is what is going to help you decide which path you take. So I'm going to go down the list here. You can see where they rank as far as the pathways go, but I'm going to go down on the left hand side. There's a list of the priorities and so we're going to go through those. So we're going to start with flexibility. This is important to a lot of people. If you're looking for time freedom right are you the type of person who wants to be able to make your own schedule right you don't want to have to be at the mercy of a nine to five office job or anything like that. So that's one of the biggest priorities that we see because people want to be able to. Follow their own shots, right? So working for an employer, one thing that I really want to emphasize is we go into this wanting to educate our clients in a certain way and there could be some restrictions when you work for an organization or for a company. So as a business owner, you get to decide how you work who you work with and how you're going to cancel them. So moving down to scalable impact, what is scalable impact? Okay, so we all go in. We say we want to help everybody on the planet. We want to change as many lives as possible. Okay, working for an employer. That might be a little bit on the lower end because they might cap you, right? So you might you might have a ceiling with them. So, that's our final goal. So the next is moving on to more business owners, you can decide how many people you are actually going to impact with your knowledge and expertise. So depending on scalable impact and where that falls on your priority list, it's something to consider. Going down to income, this is kind of the big one for everyone if I had to if I had to say number one, financial goals, right? So that's something to consider. We as health coaches do have a market value. If you are comfortable earning what the market value is, that's great. As a business owner, there really is no cap to what you can bring in as far as your income. So wherever that falls on your priority list, also something to consider. Going down to ramp up time, some people might not know what ramp up time is. That is, we all want to be busy. We all want our schedules to be full, whether it's full time or part time. We want to have enough clients to fill our schedules. It does take a little bit longer to get to your maximum clientele when you own your business because there are a lot of moving parts. Working for an employer, you sit down, you have your case load and so it doesn't take as long to get to your max capacity. The next one is job security. We all want job security. We want to know that we have a place to go. We have our schedules are full. You know, it's really nice to know that our job is there. So if that is something that is super important to you and knowing that your job security you're locked in, employment would be the way to go. As far as the business owner, you will get there. It does just take a little bit longer and there is that little teeny tiny bit of insecurity, very small because you're doing the marketing. You're finding your clients. So it is a little bit different than going the employment route. So now that we understand kind of how we've mapped out the pros and cons of each pathway, I'd like to explain how flow-out can accelerate this path between all three of these. So we'll move on to the next one and get going on that. So how does flow-out help you accelerate your career? Regardless of which path you take, there are no wrong answers. So you can see three different timelines here. We'll start with employment and this one I'd really like to explain because going the full time employment route right after certification, it can take upwards of about 15 months to find a job. And why is that? Because we need experience to be hired. So how does flow-out help? In as a little as six months, we can guarantee that you can generate an income and have clients under your belt. So that way you can land that job faster. That's the goal is to get the job faster. Going down to side hustle, this looks very similar at the flow-out timeline looks very similar to the employment timeline. As you might not have as much time to dedicate to it, right? You probably have a full time job or a poor time job and you're doing this on the side. But there is a significant difference between doing it on your own and having flow-out help you. So nine months and six months. So there is a significant difference. This is my favorite one. I actually really encourage you guys to throw this in the chat. Please don't be embarrassed because I am with you. Business owner track. How many of you have felt overwhelmed intimidated by starting your own business? Give me a yes. A heck yes. We have all been there. Amen. I see an amen. Yes. Yes. Me. Okay. Oh my gosh. Here they come. Here they come. Here they come. Okay. So this is what we do best. So starting a business on your own without support can really take you about 18 months before you start generating income. Working with flow-out, you can start seeing those results in three. So how do we do that? And quite honestly, I wish this existed when I was starting. So this can happen in three. How do we do that? We have created a system from A to Z to help you build your business. No sitting for hours in Googling, trying to figure out what comes next. No searching for mentors. Who do I ask? Who do I lean on? Where do my questions go? We have all of it and we are committed to shortening this timeline for you to give you results faster. We have put the work in so that you don't have to do that and we support you along the way. So thank you everyone for actually sharing that. The me me me me me because I know that's not easy to say but you know the people on our success team have all been in your shoes. So we welcome those answers and we're ready to help you. So me too. Okay good. Everybody still answering this all. And Jessica, I don't mean to interrupt but I want to say I've been watching the chat and there's several people here who are with flow-out and have you specifically as their advisor and they are chatting you up over here. There's they. Thank you. Oh my gosh, thank you so much. This is the resource that you get. You get to help you every step of the way. Yes Lauren, yes I do work at Lauren. So it's actually funny. So when you sign up, I'm not saying if I'm saying when you sign up, it is very possible you'll be paired with me. I'm one of your people. This is one of the main objectives that we have in flow-out, just one of our benefits and this is the most important one. But I am going to give it back to Michael because we have a whole list of benefits that he's going to highlight. So I'm going to give it back to Michael now and he'll fit us the rest. Incredible. I love seeing that chat. Just open up. Everybody here, we want to see you find success. That is just point blank end of story. That's what we're here to do. So what do we get to provide you? Well Jessica just walked through how we're speeding the process up. So getting experience in making income, those are the first things we've got to really get you to. Those are the big milestones. And what we are doing in the back end is saving the time and energy doing the research, building resources, the business template, the contracts, the web pages. So that you can focus on doing what you do best, coaching people, helping them. So you can follow our system for operating your business and gaining experience. So you save time and you focus on those most important things. And one of my personal favorites is community. I love hanging out with all of our coaches. We've got a coach club house that we do every other week. And we have learned throughout this entire journey that community is so important to lean on each other, to have peers and mentorship. We have a growing group of mentors who you can lean on for those tough questions or just as kind of bounce ideas also so that you have people in your corner as you're going through your career. So now let's jump into the curriculum and see what are we really getting into while working with love. The first thing is we got to get you set up. So your business set up is first thing week one we do. From there it's about setting a foundation for your mindset. A lot of our coaches feel like that is one of the things that they really transform with us as soon as they get started. So we definitely will work on that. From there we get into the business a little bit more and start going into what we call customer value discovery. That's when we're getting out of the community understanding what the pain points are and the goals that people have and how we fit into that equation so that we can better target or upcoming clients. So we have a process for you to then go through that client-tarded identification process. Basically finding your niche wants to kind of identify that niche. Each of these builds on top of one another and we start to create an offer for those target clients. So a compelling offer is like a science. There's certain ingredients that make an offer very compelling and we're going to teach you how to do that. And from there we are going to get you enrolled into our 21-day weight loss challenge. It's a great way to generate leads. There's so many people who are struggling to lose a few pounds and by offering a free challenge you invite them and we've got all the resources for you to just kick that off within your first month. From there we're going to get into kind of the meat and potatoes of the business which is how to deliver a program. So we have a 90-day program which we will teach you it's fully customizable so that you can adapt it to your focus areas and the clients that you're working with but we'll teach you how to offer that 90-day program with our framework. From there we're going to really kick into kind of getting that program up and off the ground through content. So we all know the content is super important. Everybody is engaged in videos today. And so how we can supplement our really strong coaching program with some great content is something is a top priority for us. From there it's about getting people in the door. So what I mean is we need to get you a face a brand and so we are actually building a sales page with all of our coaches so that you have something people can visit and purchase coaching through. So we're going to work with you to get that built. From there we got to teach you how to promote and market and sell and that is a big part of the curriculum. So a lot of coaches you know they want to coach but they need help with that marketing and sales and so we're going to be able to provide you that with templates guides and some content for you to kind of get started there. Now it gets into starting to really work with the clients so we're talking about onboarding in fulfillment. This is when you're actually getting out there and getting the coaching sessions done sharing the content in the resources and fulfilling the program in which people are purchasing. This is a huge step. This is the different speaker between coaches is if you can fulfill a great program people get awesome results and that's where we want. All right we still got some more to go. Now it's time to grow the business and expand. We're talking about partnerships. The partnerships that you can create with other organizations unlock a huge opportunity for referrals and that's what we're going to show you how to do. We've got some templates and some guides to help you with that and then it's about reaching out to more people and getting your name and brand to the larger public online. So social media and paid ads are going to be so important especially as you get those client results. And so the goal here is to really showcase your story and the story of your successful clients so that you can get out and reach more people. So within this you're going to be able to find that you're having a blossoming career and community around you so that you really can succeed in your coaching business. And that is what the flow of curriculum is about and then what we'll jump into next is getting into what's included with the flow well membership. So you get that full curriculum. We're going to teach a lot and you're going to be doing a lot to get a career up and running but you're going to have the support of our team including Jessica and all of our success specialists which provide one-on-one-an group coaching for you every single month. The program is a six-month program but each step along the way is step-by-step guidance and support with all those resources to supplement the curriculum so that you have everything you need. And then if you do have questions we're here for you you can reach out anytime of the day email text call we're here and then like I mentioned before the community is really my favorite thing. I love meeting you guys and so we have weekly meetups and coach called houses that you can attend participate with the team as well as each other in peers and kind of learn from one another. Now we are community or success and I know that joining something can be a big commitment but we want to guarantee that you feel comfortable so we've got two things to offer you guys one hundred percent satisfaction and then two a ten-x return. Yes ten-x your investment. So within your first six months you're going to ten-x your investment or we're going to work with you for free until you do that's a pretty pretty good offer in our books and I'm excited for you guys to take advantage of it. So for everybody who is certified IZSA health coach we want to extend a 25% discount for choosing to partner with flow well and one person from today's webinar is going to get selected for a free full ride scholarship. So all you got to do is today find some time on our schedule use the link on the screen here and start chatting with our team. So thank you guys so much it's been a pleasure and I look forward to meeting with you soon and I'll pass up over to Jenny. Yes, before we move from this slide here Michael I have a question for you so let's like we have quite a few people who have certifications and health coaching or education from elsewhere does this deal apply to them as well? Oh for sure yes yes we don't want to leave anybody out. Yes reach out to the team we're going to be able to get you set up and please make sure to mention that you're coming from high as I say and we're going to be able to treat you really well so thank you so much guys. Awesome all right guys so I want to talk to you guys about it looks like there's a couple of you guys who are still looking to get certified in the keytas in the chat trying to figure out which which bundle to go with I love it so I want to explain again what you guys get with the health coaching program through I SSA if you are still looking for a certification of course you'll get our textbook for the course and a bunch of online resources guys videos and all kinds of quizzes and such online to help you with your learning. Again learn at your own pace it's 100 percent online which means you have the flexibility to access anytime anywhere. You get the unlimited support from us as well that's a big theme for us notice that's why we like these guys at what over at Flowwell is it's unlimited support you guys we want you guys to feel 100 percent supported in what you are doing and again we have our success coaches who are available on phone chat video everything. 20 online quizzes with this course to help reinforce your learning because there's a lot of chapters in this course you'll get some downloadable templates of some of the key health coaching documents like the forums and things so you don't have to go out there and create your own and I know for a fact Flowwell has a lot of those things for you guys as well and then of course the online final exam so we do have a limited time offer as well for you guys those of you who are here and taking part in this webinar you guys can also get a free course okay so if you choose the elite program with I SSA you'll get that health coaching course our nutrition course in our online coach course and we'll also throw in a free certified life coach course I'm pretty sure we can throw that in there if you do the master too because it looks like a couple of you guys are considering the master program as well so we'll we'll make it happen for you okay so there's a link here for you guys this is where you can access the ISSA discounts but I'm gonna turn it to the next slide here and you can also see these same links but we want to make sure that you have access to both ISSA and Flowwell because guys it sounds corny but it's so true your future is calling will you answer again it sounds like a lot of you guys have already taken a lot of the steps to get the education and the certifications that you need but for the rest of you who are ready we're here we have all the resources some amazing resources some amazing people behind these products to help you guys get where you want to be and more importantly impact lives okay so now's our chance we're gonna open it up use that Q&A I know I have like a bunch of questions over here I did see a question come in let me hold these up here real quick about bodybuilding somebody asked how can a health coach hope someone who's doing bodybuilding and and a Jonathan I see you in the chat talking about bodybuilding and that's something you're passionate about guess what I'm a bodybuilder so I can tell you guys bodybuilding it's yes it's a lot of exercise and a whole lot of nutrition but there's so much more that goes into it and this is for any kind of athletic endeavor endeavor that requires a little bit of focus planning consistency right a lot of detail goes into a lot of sports not just bodybuilding but health coaches can help of course with the exercise and nutrition if you're certified as a personal trainer as well you can help build those programs and dial a little bit more into nutrition but I'm telling you now guys a big portion of what a health coach can do is help put the mental aspects the scheduling making sure that someone staying focused on their goals setting shorter term goals as they move towards the process of competing Jessica did I get that right is there anything else you can think of for a health coach with helping with bodybuilding? No I actually think you nailed that beautifully. Nice I could not have said it better myself so yes. Awesome yes okay so let's see here Nikita had something for Jessica her grand has CHF and is looking for someone who does holistic help do you do integrated integrative medicine? So if that's okay we can probably take that offline it's a little bit outside of this so Nikita I will contact you or if you want to email me Jessica at flowwell.co I'm happy to speak with you offline if that's cool. Perfect thank you. Alright let's see your Meg had a question first of all your name is Meg Ryan that's awesome I'm sure you guys should be getting that all the time but Meg said newly certified CPT and worked you on the ISSA nutritionist and transformational coach certification that's awesome. What's the difference between these combined credentials and a health coach? So really really great question so the nutritionist course and the CPT and the transformation coach they do work together but there's a reason that we've included them in our master trainer bundle as well because they did get into a little bit more detail transformation is all about psychology and I'm sure Meg you've opened that course hopefully it's a deep dive into psychology even more so than the just the basic health coaching certification so it makes a great supplement to that certification same with nutritionist and CPT we have one chapter on exercise and one chapter on nutrition out of 19 chapters in this textbook there's a reason for that okay I said it a couple of times today health coaching is so much more than just working out in eating right right there's the mental aspects the stress management the communication and relationships so you'll get a little when you combine all of those so adding health coaching to what you're already doing and I know there's a couple of you guys that are already in this boat you've started some courses with us and you want to potentially add on some more I suggest it because health coaching gives you the coaching aspects of building all of these things about someone's lifestyle into a coaching plan to help them achieve the goals that you help them set Jessica anything that you would add for that you're doing such a great job some of the people here know me from boot camps of I know a little crazy but they also know that I'm pretty much in it that's awesome that great question thank you for that all right I had one from Ray hi I'm an ISSA certified fitness coach personal trainer and nutrition which bundle should I be choosing Ray this is a great question so again our elite bundle is the one the elite and the master we're going to make sure you guys get that extra life coaching courses a little bit of free me for attending it's a matter of how deep do you want to go so if you want the thing that has all the education included I would suggest the master just so you don't have to come back for courses later you're going to get a bundle of courses that will get you to where you want to be and then get started with flow well to get your business up and running the elite option is a great option as well so you get the nutrition the health coach and then you get the online coach as well we want to make sure that you have everything that you need but especially if you plan and taking your business online so let us know in the chat Ray if that's something like which do you want to be online are you looking for the more like all inclusive education that'll kind of determine which bundle might be best for you okay good question do you get the yoga certification in the master program yes moody yes the yoga certification comes in the master bundle absolutely and then carry ask can we swap out nutrition if we already have it so this is a great question you guys and I can tell you this is an ISSA question if you have started courses with us and you're interested in trading of course out I know there is a time limit as to how soon you could you have to do that since from your date of enrollment so what I would suggest is reaching out to student support I will say the number out loud but I will also throw it in the chat as I am saying it it's 1 800 892 4772 okay that's for our student support team um reach out to them and they can tell you if you're in that timeframe and hopefully get that switched out for you if you're interested in trading out courses I did also see another question that popped up in the chat a while back somebody was interested in adding some courses to what they already have purchased and potentially on a payment plan with ISSA for I don't think you can add to an existing payment plan but I do believe they will let you start another one okay so how coaching is something you're interested in and starting you can call in and start another one as long as you're in good standing okay it looks like this is for Michael and Jessica I'm going to take Philippe's question from the chat here so the membership ends after the 10X agreement are there any more expenses so can you guys explain that 10X guarantee again sure yeah I'd be happy too so the 10X guarantee is you're going to make your initial investment into starting your career and with the package for ISSA with a discount is about 567 so 10X that that's what we're guarantee team within your first six months of working with us so you can choose when it comes to payments to do it month by month or quarterly and the full program is six months so you can you basically need to at least get through month three and then you can decide to finish out that second half where we get into a lot of the business expansion opportunities so I hope that helps 10X opportunity is really our way of making sure you start making money within your first several months of working with us awesome thank you Michael and there's some other questions coming in um piston had one in the chat here is the flow up curriculum included with the membership we already paid for and I was assuming you're seeing with ISSA or is it independent course Esther had a several question in the Q&A do you get flow up with the master bundle guys this is a great question but I do want to be perfectly clear we're two separate companies we partner with flow off for all the benefits that community the curriculum that they offer to help you guys get your help coaching business up and running that's something that we don't have yet so that's why we partnered with them so they are two separate programs the courses that you any of you guys are going through or potentially looking at through ISSA and then flow well is a separate um separate business separate products for you guys okay but as somebody who again been an industry for 14 years I have quite a few monthly membership things like for apps and different programs and things that I pay for I'm telling you now that 200 in some of my dollars with the discount first of all I love a good discount don't threaten me with a good time okay but the 200 or so something dollars that you're going to be spending every month you guys I'm telling you now you will more than make that back with a single client think about that okay there was actually a question too speaking of how much money you can make I did see a question earlier in the chat that um somebody was asking how much is it typical to charge for health coaching sessions and I guess the best answer is it depends could you I speak to that a little bit hundred percent I'll I'll throw my two cents in there and then just I'd love to hear you too so the thing we teach is you are super valuable and the service that you provide is is going to transform somebody's life so you should charge your worth in your value so we typically advise on setting pricing to your value and we help determine based off of your client target what that should be the range a couple hundred dollars per month to upwards of a thousand dollars a month for health coaches we have several mentors that offer 90 day programs at about 1,200 bucks and that's not that's that's pretty typical so you're looking at a more premium price point because you're trying to give as much as you possibly can and if you let me go on for just two more seconds I'll ask you a question would you rather serve two people at a premium and they pay you really well or ten people and the reason I asked that is because you can give so much more to two people who pay you a little bit more than ten people who pay you you know a real low price and um that's why we really encourage people to to charge with their worth um so we'll we'll be able to help find the exact price point for you in your business as we get into the program but it is a really important topic yeah and that's a great point you make their Michael um charging a premium charging what's your worth you guys the just from what we talked about what a health coach does all the things that you guys have to learn about and know about to be successful health coaches those of you guys working can hopefully back me up in the chat here you guys do a lot you're helping with literally every aspect of these people's lives you're probably pretty available to them as well your time is absolutely worth the money so if someone says oh that's too much then make sure that they understand the value that's the worth the value of what you are offering which is massive it cannot be understated and as you can tell I'm very passionate about this because I deal with this a lot with personal trainers even as a fitness professional what you're offering is massive in value to a lot of people because otherwise they do it on their own with the thing but they're not they're coming to you for that guidance and that support and if you're anything like me a super passionate super open person I'm available to my clients at all times of the day I get texts almost every day from people that I work with questions random hey I did really well I you know did great my still meet I did great my run we're available to them a lot that my time is worth something so is yours okay so really think about that um and that's part of what you learn not only in the health coaching course when we talk about the business aspect and the development part but flow well is going to give you guys a lot of those resources and they have a huge community I can't stress that a huge community of people already working as health coaches and growing their business who can be a reference point here's what I charge and it's super successful don't be afraid to ask for this that makes sense okay so lots of great resources here um I want to finish Esther's question here Esther had a she also has howling do you get for the master classes to be done so this is a great question um guys for all of our health coaching bundles you have eight months from the data purchase to complete the courses included in that bundle guess what though there are extensions available so technically you have up to a year to complete your courses for most people and especially of hey this is what you're ready to do and you're ready to dive in it's not going to take you eight months I'm telling you that now and hopefully again some people come back me up in the chat that are in a bunch of courses because I saw a bunch of people who are already master trainers with us if you're ready to go and in it it's not going to take you that long to get through your course work a great question Esther thank you for that there was another question to you about the cost my goal so I'm going to head back to you and I'm going to take care I'm going to head back to our slide if that's okay for this one this one yes so the three months of the membership usually is $750 you guys are all getting a 25% discount so it's a total of $567 for those three months so we did the math for you so that's the quarterly payment right make my goal that is correct you nailed it so that is going to give you the greatest savings is by doing the three month membership for $567 and has Jenny alluded to it really takes one client paying you what your work to make that back and it's it's pretty powerful when you realize that you can start your career and get all this support for $567 and one client could basically pay it off if if you get that person and we're guaranteed that 10x so the full program is six months to be able to teach you everything we can possibly teach you but we do want to get you started with that three month membership and that that would be discounted for everybody year perfect so is that clear guys it takes six months to teach you everything that they want to teach you but it's not just like day after day after day of them teaching you it's them giving you digestible pieces of information you have a community to run things by and then you go on to play it so if we just asked the chat is it like just six months never done you can start applying the information they give it to you the moment they give it to you so you guys will be able to start growing your business during the program and so they spread it out so it's a little bit more manageable because again health coaches know a lot about a lot of stuff you guys and the last thing we want to do is throw a bunch of stuff at you and then eight months from now you guys are all like wait I forget what Jessica told me I don't remember how to use this that makes sense great yeah so it's all spread out and it's on purpose but you can start applying this information immediately um there wasn't a question too maybe Jessica can help us with this one um it looks like Mubarak is from um sorry if I said your name wrong Mubarak is from Saudi Arabia and they want to know if the methods and the things for coaching and building your business are generic and can be applied to all kinds of customers in any country I would assume yes because I'm assuming you have clients and coaches from different parts of the world as well right yes definitely so um I mean what we're teaching you is really A to Z how to build your health coaching business your niche your clients what you are teaching them is yours so we can take what your expertise is and apply it to the business fundamentals that we are going to give you we just plug it in right so if you want to teach a certain customer right or you have a certain client demographic that you want to work with that is so individualized what we do is really not cookie cutter at all and that's why we have the one-on-one coaching with us or me and our success team and the group coaching because we take what you need and the clients that you want to work with and we incorporate it into our program so we have a framework every single coach and every single conversation that we have is very different because you are all different and your expertise is different so that was a long way of saying yes you can work with your clients how you see fit and we will encourage that and nurture that along the way absolutely perfect no there's a question too in the chat was that asked after the three months of this discount does the discount continue you guys or is it that situation for eyes to say this is a continued discount so don't worry we're not trying to come in and save 25 now and then not later you guys get it for as long as you are working with low-well so yeah that's why we're sending this partnership up we want to support you guys wholeheartedly throughout your career absolutely and guys we are coming up on our hour but I do just want to address a couple of the things that I'm seeing in our Q&A Rachel had a question do gyms employ health coaches a thousand percent yes they do because again we're doing more than just exercise and nutrition let's see Kelly is a nurse and was wondering if there's other people that are nurses that become health coaches absolutely you're already in an allied health profession so you're yeah Jessica raise your hand you guys are in the right spot to help a lot more people you already have a huge pool of people around you and you can help them in a different way so yes you guys all of these are absolute opportunities it's just a matter of choosing a bundle that has the coursework that you're interested in so it could be any of those bundles depending on what courses you would like to take this Kelly and then a couple other people asking if our the courses for like health coaching your ISSA are applicable worldwide you guys yes so yes there are some different credentialing and things like that for health coaching we built this program to give you what you need and to be applicable for you to use no matter where you are working okay so definitely let us know if you guys have additional questions about the bundles we're going to be sending you guys some follow-up emails so you will absolutely know how to get in touch with us here at ISSA as well as flow well so keep an eye out for those again phenomenal that is discounts guys apply for you guys essentially forever which I love so we want to make sure you guys have everything that you need to get going anything else for me guys I just want to say make sure you guys I know that there are several questions still left to be answered hit us up after this webinar we've got the links right here just reach out to us schedule call and we can answer any specific questions if you have about your career together so thank you guys again thank you Jenny this has been really fun yes thank you Michael thank you Jessica this has been a great time thank you all of you guys for your interactions great questions we look forward to speaking with you guys again we'll be talking to you soon guys okay all right bye everyone