Let's just jump into it. We're here today to talk about when training isn't enough and the power of functional nutrition. So there's no one better to unpack this with us than you Andrea Nakayama. For those of you on today, we're watching in the future, Andre's the founder of Functional Nutrition Alliance. And I know Andrea, some of our trainers and aspiring trainers may be hearing this term functional nutrition for the first time. So can you help us unpack that a bit? How is that different from maybe quote unquote regular nutrition that we have studied or were taking courses on already? Yeah, first of all, thank you for having me here. I'm excited to be with you all. And nutrition, when we think about functional nutrition, it's really in the realm of systems biology. So we're understanding that food that exists outside the body, which is where traditional nutrition exists, has an interaction inside the body. So when we think about the body, we're understanding that the gut, where our food goes, is connected to the brain, which is our motivation and our mental health. It's connected to our inflammation, which is a natural state when we exercise, right? So how do we work in a anti-inflammatory way? It's connected to our hormones, which comes up for so many people. So functional nutrition takes us out of the idea of food outside the body, good or bad, right or wrong, macro counting, calorie counting, and helps us understand food inside the body of each individual. Okay, that's great background. Thank you for that. I'm gonna keep unpacking that throughout this course. So I recently watched a roundtable you did with three personal trainers who've gone through your course full body systems. And it was so enlightening, it was like, oh my gosh, I never thought about that, or I never thought about that. Again, for the personal trainers that are viewing this, what are some signals that they can maybe keep an eye open for or adhere to listen for? That maybe their clients are feeling some tension where functional nutrition types of conversation could play a more impactful role. Yeah, absolutely. So we're definitely gonna see in our coaching practices. And one of the things I loved also about that roundtable, which we will hopefully be sharing with folks. But one of the things I loved is that has personal trainers you're often in front of your clients at a really regular rate. And they are talking to you. They trust you, they have confidence in you. So they may be talking about things like fatigue or not recovering as readily as you think they would recover. They may be talking about injuries that they're having that really impede them from doing the kind of workout you want them to do. But they may also be talking about symptoms that have nothing to do with what you think you are working with them on. But that may be preventing them from their exercises or even showing up regularly, whether those are digestive issues, those are hormone issues like PMS or depending on age, whether they're parry menopause or menopausal, all the things that the body goes through as personal trainers, we're going to likely hear about those things that are other than the muscles. So when we start to hear things that feel like, oh wait, I don't know how to help with that, that's a place where functional nutrition can really amplify what you're already doing in your training practice. Yeah, I love that. And I love that you talked about hormones and all of these different things that men and women go through at different points in their lives. When you're having those conversations with those trainers, what's really pushing them to look deeper? Again, you're saying they're seeing them more frequently than they're seeing their medical provider. Whether any types of conversations or did anyone share a story about, oh, when I heard a client say this, that gave me pause to look deeper. Maybe someone with an autoimmune condition, something like that? Yes, so many things. I think in that conversation and also in some of the blog posts that we have with folks who have gone through the program that come from a training or a fitness professional background, it could be chronic migraines or lack of recovery or I'm feeling fatigue at three o'clock every day. Sometimes they're coming in with medical situations. I think there was one person who was talking about somebody who had a brain tumor who came in and was working with her in his practice. And she didn't understand what to do with that. How do I alter my coaching practice, my fitness professional practice, given what I know about this individual? And in functional nutrition, we're gonna understand more about how the body works so that we can shift what we're inviting to meet the needs of the individual. Instead of being in a one-size-fits-all approach related to that person, I'll tell you another story just this week, I was in a Q&A inside full body systems with a nurse who is also a personal trainer. And she said in her nutrition training, she was taught to think about macros and how we adjust macros based on muscle gain and that she was finding that for the population she was working with. That wasn't working. And she didn't understand why. Why is what I've been taught in nutrition in related to fitness, not working for the population I'm working with, which was primarily female. And she had to really rethink and start looking for something different. And that's where she found full body systems. And she said, it was blowing her mind to understand why that standard approach wasn't working for her and her clients. I love that. And Andrea, I'm realizing, I know you. I know what full body systems is. But let me just take a step back here for everyone who's joining this conversation about when training isn't enough, the power of functional nutrition. You're the founder of functional nutrition alliance. We're speaking about the full body systems program. Explain that to everyone what that is. Let's give that a review of that program. Yes, thank you for asking. So full body systems is the 10 month training program where I train in the art and the science of the functional nutrition practice. So we're really doing a deep dive into that systems biology, full body systems. When I say systems biology, I'm going to go back to what I said earlier, systems biology is one of the primary tenants of a truly functional practice. And I want to put a bookmarker or a little, your total little tag in that notion of functional because it's used differently in fitness. But this idea that we are understanding that everything in the body is connected to each other. Again, the guts connected to the brain, connected to inflammation, connected to the hormones. When somebody's having migraines or fatigue, we can understand that internal terrain and make the recommendations that help them. So full body systems that 10 month training at the functional nutritional alliance is where we train into that systems thinking. And it's agnostic in terms of who's coming through the program. There are a lot of fitness professionals, health coaches, life coaches, mental health practitioners, nurses. It's a place where we're learning the system that helps us add to whatever we are doing in our careers. Now, I want to come back to that word functional because there's functional fitness, there's functional foods, there's functional medicine and functional nutrition, which are more related. And the term functional means it works. So when we think about functional fitness, we're thinking about moving the body in a way that helps it to work. When we think about functional foods, we're thinking about foods that have some function in the body, whether it's turmeric or green tea or blueberries or broccoli, those have some function in the body they do something. When it comes to functional medicine and functional nutrition, again, we're looking at how the body works. We're not prescribing or subscribing to anyone dietary theory, we're understanding what works for an individual. So let me just talk about macros for a minute. If we talk about protein or fat and the positivity of those macros, if somebody's body cannot process that protein, that protein that we're recommending could do more harm than good. And we have to help the body to receive the protein. So it's not just about increasing protein, it's about the utilization in the body of the protein, so it can go do what it's supposed to do. And full body systems is where we teach into that intersection of dietary and lifestyle factors and the physiological function. You said where we teach that. Let's be clear, you're teaching that. I haven't seen it yet. Yes. Yes. Anybody interested? I do have a team. Yes. We have a team of nutritionists. Yes. So I do have a team, but yes, the prime, and the primeary teacher. Okay. And so I've heard you talk before, again, full body systems. There's root cause thinking, which is a very powerful idea for those maybe in personal training that aren't thinking about that as a relates to functional nutrition. What does that, what could that mindset shift look like for a trainer in a real session with a client? Yes. So this really means that we get curious. So in root cause thinking, all it means is that we're asking, why is this happening instead of what do I do about it? We live in a very what do I do about it? What's the quick fix of society? That's where we live? What's the solution? What's the supplement? What do I do? And when we think through a root cause way of thinking, we're asking why. So we get curious instead of rushing to the solution. So what I say is whenever we're looking for the roots, we're getting really into how do I understand why this is happening versus the fact that it is happening. So in functional medicine and functional nutrition, there's an analogy here that I think will give people a really great visual. We often say if you have a pot of boiling water and you don't want the water to boil over the sides of the pot, what can you do? In our conventional thinking, we can put a lid on it. That's our quick fix thinking. In functional root cause thinking, we turn the heat off. So we're asking why is the water boiling over? Not just what do I do to stop it, put a lid on it. Why is it happening? Because the heat's too high. So that's a really good analogy for bringing in our root cause thinking. And when I was watching that panel, you did with those three trainers who take in the full body systems course. I liked the curious questions that they were posing for their clients. Someone said, do you have a gold ladder? Someone said, are you chewing your food? And these aren't questions that I think trainers are having today. So explain to me how someone answers those questions, how do those inform you from a functional and personal perspective? What do those tip you off to? Yeah. So as we understand the full body systems and those questions that those trainers were asking, they give us clues. They don't give us answers. But as an example, if somebody doesn't have a gallbladder and they're eating a ketogenic diet or a high fat diet, we know there's going to be problems because the gallbladder helps us to digest fat. If somebody's not chewing their food, we know there's going to be more issues going through the system. So they become clues for us of where we need to begin as opposed to making very complex recommendations that clients might not be able to follow through with. We can get into a call at the simplicity on the other side of complexity. When you understand the body, it's complex. But there's a lot of things we can do like hydrate that help us with our energy. And understanding those connections is where we get curious. We start to make associations. And we start to make incremental recommendations that we can make because we're seeing our clients quite often. I mean, I kind of love to often there seeing, we don't often in my field have that opportunity to see a client once a week, let alone three times the week, what an opportunity trainers have to really be affecting change in health care. And I love that. And I'm thinking for people who have been trainers for a while, maybe they've taken other ISSA courses to get different certifications. This full body system sounds like the level up beyond all level lots to take them, to be able to charge more, to be able to help different types of clients. So I want to find a way to maybe ground this in a real story for those trainers. But can you share an example of where a trainer used what they learned through the full body systems course to help maybe a client break through or to discover something or reach that next level? Yeah, absolutely. And all of those individuals in the panel that you're talking about were able to charge more. They were able to really affect change in their retention rate with their clients. And they were able to kind of become the go-to in their gym or community for answering harder questions. So I think this happens all the time in anybody who's adding this on. But one story I want to share is an interview, Tammy, that you graciously did for us with Gabe, who is a certified personal trainer. And only went through and found full body systems after he had a experience of his own, a health scare of his own. So he actually experienced a tick bite that led to a diagnosis called Alpha Gow syndrome where he can't eat animal protein, he can't eat red meat. Because of that syndrome, you can't actually process it. And that really made him force him into a big struggle because everything he had learned didn't work for his own body. Now he is able to not only be a voice for himself and to have healed himself, to work in the gym with a different level of compassion and understanding, but become a beacon in the realm of people who also experience this type of illness that are looking to improve, not just their physiological health, but their physical health. So here's an example where he becomes an expert. And I believe Gabe doesn't even have a college degree, right? But he's able to work in a space, a health care space because he understands both training and a functional nutrition approach and his own experience to be able to drive forward results for people. And that's what's really thrilling to me that everybody takes it into their own realm. Again, a lot of the people on the panel working with hormone issues, gut issues, inflammatory issues, autoimmune issues, we all deserve to get in the gym and to be working out our bodies. But not all of us have bodies that can just be optimized. They may need to be stabilized in order to be optimized. Yeah. And what I like about this is that trainers are walking right now and they're like, okay, I'm interested in full body systems. Hearing that it's a 10 month course, don't want to turn anybody off. But if they want to make that shift today and start that mindset thinking, to start thinking more like a functional nutrition counselor, what I just would you give them today? I had that. And I think that's wonderful. Yes. I would just say get curious, like if you are seeing people who are either not recovering well, they are saying that they're doing everything or they're showing up talking about other symptoms or conditions that they're experiencing. And you're wanting to help. You are wanting to dive in, just get curious. Tell me more about that. When did this happen? Has this always been the thing that you were experienced? If somebody says, you know, I don't know if I can talk about, we talk about poop a lot at the functional nutrition. So if somebody says they're constipated, not giving them a solve or what you think is your solve for that symptom, but saying, tell me more about that. When did it start? Do you notice where it gets better and where it gets worse? Get curious is my biggest thing. Even if you don't know what to do with it right away, allowing your client to open up and tell more about their story. Instead of just feeling like they're broken, they need to be fixed, is something that really fosters what we call the therapeutic partnership. Yeah, I like that because when you get curious, we're not asking trainers to replace medical professionals by any means. We want to ask questions, give the, maybe point them in a different direction and encourage them to speak to a healthcare provider about what they understand. Again, the root cause thinking, what is causing this? And yeah, I just think it's great. Like you said, clients are spending upwards of three and four, maybe more hours per week with their trainer. What are we talking about? Let's talk about what's going on inside and outside the body. I could talk to you all day. I'm not sure everyone wants to listen to this. I do want to give trainers, hoping this is the tool to get trainers to connect the dots between maybe what's missing with a client surplus that's telling. So where do we go from here? Like what do you recommend anyone do as a next step? Yeah, I mean, I would love for people to watch that video that you suggested. And you can DM us, FBS, I think you're going to share that. But we'll make sure you get a course catalog about full body systems. You get that recording of that discussion, which I think is really interesting to hear from people who are from a similar background professionally as you are and hear what thinking through a functional lens has done for them and their practice. And know that there's always things. We'll make sure you have information that supports you if you're part of our community in the program or not. So please do get the course catalog. If you're watching and you're interested and we'll make sure you have more in your hands to think functionally. I love that. And thanks for joining us today, Andrea. For any personal trainer, aspiring personal trainer, we're always looking for ways to help you level up, to grow your business, to have this unique offering. And the full body systems course, I think that's your next move. Look into that. So thank you, Andrea, for all this. It's so grateful that you shared this information this today. Thank you so much for having me. And thanks everyone for being here with us. All right, you well.