Well, hello Alex. I'm so excited to be here with you. You too. Hi, Jenny. All right. Good. Thank you. Ready to talk to you, Gah. But we'll give everybody a few minutes to come in and join us. We've got quite a few people already here. A little of our 50 people already here, Busting down the doors. Welcome everyone. Hello. We will introduce ourselves in just a moment. So you know who these talking heads are over here. But you guys are all here because you love yok. Which is awesome. Very cool. Now Alex, you're wearing a jacket. First of all, is it cold over there in hell? We go up and down in LA. I've always felt because it's dryer. We spend like 20 to 30 degrees between morning and night. So it could be like 50 in the morning and then 80 degrees in the middle of the day. That's why California, if you ever come to visit, bring a lot of layers. And pack them in your day packets. Really wild. Absolutely. That's like Colorado was to when I was there. You definitely need layers. I have over here in Arizona and it's just it's warm. I'm wearing long sleeves only because it's cold in my house. But second I was like, I thought you're Arizona, but I'm like, oh, maybe she's by me. I guess you got cold over there too. I guess we talked about it. I think you're in sleep. Yeah. Yeah. It can get chilly. Welcome everyone. Super excited to have you guys. The chat is open. Any questions you guys have along the way. We will introduce ourselves in just a moment as we get going here. Please use that chat. Talk to each other. Talk to us. Let us know what questions you guys have. We'll make sure we get those questions over to our guest of honor today. Towards the end of our session. We are super excited to have you guys here. Today we'll be talking about yoga, longevity, and wellness for all. So we're talking about ways that we can use yoga to our advantage. And ways that you guys can work yoga into your lives. Not only to do yoga. We'll get some great insights from our guest of honor. But also guys to become yoga instructors and make this something that helps pay your bills a little bit, which is always nice to do things that you love. So I would like to introduce myself and then introduce our lovely guest of honor before we dive in. My name is Jenny Leable and I am a senior content developer here with ISSA. If any of you guys are ISSA students and you recognize me, give me a shout out in the chat. I know I see some names that I recognize already on our list of attendees, which is amazing. Welcome into those of you guys who are new to ISSA. Also welcome. Welcome to the family. We're looking forward to showing great information with you today. I am also a working personal trainer. I've been training for 15 years with private clients, nutrition clients. Online and in person private clients that I work within their home. And I do a lot of strength and conditioning. I coach volleyball, high school and club as well here in Arizona is where I am located. But enough about me. Let's talk about Mr. Alex Artimeac. Welcome Alex. Tell these guys a little bit about yourself. Hey everyone. So my name is Alex. I started doing yoga about maybe actually 20 years ago. Back at I was in high school. I started the gym and I saw people stretching afterwards. And I was like, you know, back in the early 2000s. I didn't really know much about it. And for me, I think for me and for a lot of my students these days too, we have the same path which is we would go. We would work out and then we'd want to get a stretch. You want to do something. And I was like, well, here's a nice organized stretching session that I could do after. And then all of a sudden I started to realize this is so much more. Now, this is way early on. I didn't really get super into yoga at that point. That was just like the first drop. I think it planted a really foundational seed in me. When I left I used to live in Connecticut. Came out to California and I started surfing. I love the water. I love the ocean and people all around me were like, you got to get into yoga. It's really good for your body. It's good for your fitness. It's good for your mind. And so I used yoga as a way to cross train. And same thing that sparked that I think I cultivated an early age. Came out in full force. I started surfing a little bit less and doing yoga a little more. I found a lot of joy on my mat. I found a sense of peace, a sense of clarity. And that was the biggest thing I've been working out for like 15, 20 years since I was a little kid. But nothing ever really touched me the way that yoga did. And I like to say there's only two things in my life that have ever captivated me like this. Surfing is one of them. Yoga is the other. It became for me very organic and natural to spend a lot of my energy and a lot of my time in the yoga room. And because of that because I would leave and I would feel much more calm. I'd feel clear. I feel like I'd have these realizations and these epiphanys. And they were coming at me a mile a minute. I decided, okay, I want to learn more. I want to go past just like what's happening in this room and what are they telling me for the hour that I show up on the mat. Let me understand from the ground up what is happening in this practice. And so that kind of steered me into a course where I studied the philosophy. I got more interested in the anatomy. I started to play with some of the more advanced or complex ideas and concepts. And the more I learned, the more I loved it and finally people asked me like, you know, you study this a lot. It's time for you to teach and to give back and I said, okay, and I ended up feeling like, wow, this is so rewarding. In the beginning it was it was more something that I just wanted to do for my own enjoyment and to show like what I learned and read through. I learned and read four set in my own self. Later on it became such a obviously huge part of my life now I'm a career yogi which is something that is is really not too often. It's not something you always come across. A lot of people do yoga as a part-time job and and to turn to take that leap into the full time area. Can be a little. They're racking but also incredibly rewarding. So I hope to share some insights on part of that journey. If anybody's interested in and either getting into yoga just as like a part-time thing whether it's your practice or teaching or making it a full time career. I love that Alex and that's why we have you with us like we're super excited that you are a big part of creating our course are you'll get 200 course which will talk to you guys about. In a little bit here he was one of the main contributors he's in a lot of the videos he hosts the live sessions much like this for this reason you guys he does this full time like this is his life and we're super excited to have you as part of our crew Alex. And speaking of surfing I love this picture on the next slide because it looks like you're surfing. So you're marrying that's you can think and that is completely by accident by the way I'll happy little exit as Bob Ross would say. But today guys I want to talk to you guys about what we will be going through just so you know what's coming. We'll start out talking about how you can improve your quality of life and longevity with yoga. So there's a lot of different benefits that we'll talk about from yoga we'll talk about the mental aspects and the fitness aspects that you can get alike. We'll talk about some yoga poses for long jemities so Alex picks up really cool poses that he wants to talk you guys through and how they can impact our bodies. We'll get some amazing insights from Alex as a professional yoga. We'll talk to you about how to become a yoga teacher because hopefully you're here because this is something that you're interested in whether it is full time or part time the first step is getting that certification and registering with yoga alliance potentially. We'll talk a little bit about a little prize giveaway that we have so we'll talk about more of that on the next slide here but we do have some prizes we love to give away prizes and then we will do our best to save some time at the end here guys for a Q and A so that chat is open. You can use the questions tab. Okay, there's a tab that says questions. There are questions for Alex specifically in there so that we can see them and we'll pull out as many of those as we can and throw them Alex's way towards the end today. A little bit about the giveaway that we have for you guys make sure you stick around to the end so we'll do the drawing at the very end so must be present to win and we are giving away. Three different sets of a yoga mat and yoga toes towel from our sponsor me and Duga and I don't know if you guys are familiar Alex I know you're familiar with me and Duga I am to my clients have a couple of their mats like amazing quality products you guys so super excited to offer that for you guys as well as a little discount who doesn't love a discount for black Friday and the holidays so we'll have that for you guys as well but again sticker on to the end must be present to win. So we want to make sure that we tell you guys a little bit about man duga and then a little bit about I SSA man duga amazing sponsor that we have for this this webinar today they've been around since 1997 and they have some amazing yoga mats yoga gear all kinds of things that you guys can get access to it again we'll get you guys a nice little 20% discount at the end but the price pack is worth over 200 dollars guys so I would love to win this as well myself. We'll be randomly selecting three people at the end of the session today. A little bit about I SSA for those of you guys who are new again I recognize the names and our attendee list so welcome and welcome to the new people. I say has been around since 1988 and our mission has always been to connect more people to wellness and health every year so we're growing at an amazing rate. I will tell you it's fast we have more than 50 industry leading certifications 55 zero so far more than any other certification company out there you guys are goals to have everything that someone could possibly need and if we don't have it we're going to go find it and bring it to you guys make it easy for you guys to find all the things that you want to learn about and get certified in and use that education not only for yourselves but to help others. We've helped several thousands many thousands of people get certified in different things and go out there and use this information and I do have to mention that we have more support for our students than you'll find anywhere else. Everyone of our students gets access to their various student success team and that's a team of certified professionals who are available to answer any questions you have is you're going through this process from the certification process even once you're out there doing it we have people like Alex right we have people in our organization that are here to help you guys and make sure that you have all the support that you need during and after that certification process. We have not for instructor lead courses live courses right it's not just you studying by yourself like it used to be way back in the day so take it for me I was certified over 15 years ago now they just set me a book and said good luck. It's very different now so we're excited about that a little bit about some of the brands that I asked to say is part of we've made it a point you guys to go out there and find some of the top brands out there and we've acquired them we brought them under the ISC and that's the week it offer these courses and things for you. Then go beyond just personal training into health wellness specializations like yoga which we're here to talk about today special populations and even things like health coaching. Some of the brands that we include is our very own ISC yoga and wellness academy we are now part of have brought in the health coach Institute super excited to roll that out in the coming months the functional nutrition alliance as well going to be rolling out soon. Functional agent institute revolution running and training fitness so lots of different brands with amazing products that we bring to our students every day. We hold quite a few accreditation as well not only the NCCA accreditation for five different courses including our personal training certification and for those of you guys who don't know that's what people look for when they're hiring you they want to make sure that you have an accredited exam completed it and we offer that for five of our courses Cpt including yoga as well. And then we are proud to say you guys we are registered or registered yoga teaching program through or registered yoga school I should say through the yoga alliance. So you guys have the opportunity to complete our yoga 200 course get accredited through the yoga alliance which again is something that employers will look for so we'll pick Alex's brain about some of those requirements in the coming slides. All right, so Alex enough for me these guys want to hear from you. To us a little bit about yoga for longevity and quality of life right it's not just about living long it's about living well as we age so talk just about some of the benefits of yoga for this very progress. I think one of the you know there's that old adage if you don't use it you lose it and I just want to take that and not to disregard that statement but I think if we evolve it we start to realize our bodies are constantly changing. And instead of thinking of it as something we could lose let's look at it as something that we could also gain which means your body is constantly evolving in the way that you use it your brain is constantly evolving in the way that you use it. So it's so important to learn new things to keep some of that great matter going in your brain so that your your neuroplastic that your ability to forge new ideas and put new things together stays alive and that's what keeps the great young. So part of why yoga can be so potent for this is a if you're newer to it it you know if you're a student you'll realize. You're going to be bar with a lot of information early on because some of the post names may be something that you're not familiar with. But being open receptive to that is going to be so good for your body and for your brain we take different poses that are going to open all the different joints in your body they'll get your your entire body working. Now it's not to say that you can just do yoga but it's a pretty well rounded practice where you're going to start feeling like you're lengthening your spine different directions you're creating rotation movements you're getting a lot of things that you wouldn't like let's say you're just a runner. And so you're running in a straight line well if your body constantly evolves into that motion then you can run in a straight line very well. But when it comes to going on a hike let's say you're on uneven terrain then you leave yourself susceptible for a lot of the injuries a lot of ankle injuries and a lot of things because the hips start to tighten. We're using the legs just in this motion so counter balancing things with your yoga practice just making sure like I like to say in class we're just taking all the joints out for a walk can help you you might not need the range of motion I like to say you know we don't practice for the stuff that we really need like we're never going to need to do a handstand right we're never going. Well why like it splits most likely but if we can stretch ourselves a little wider then what we do in our daily life is going to feel a lot more comfortable. So that we're not always going down the same narrow corridor of our patterning movements so yoga helps to really open up our bodies and keep us if you look at a kid you know. They don't have to do yoga class take a take their first one and they can do everything they can fold themselves in a pretzels. This is a we are in where by nature but after patterning and movement after all these years it starts to contain us right yoga's the way of kind of breaking those normal patterns of our daily life. Stepping outside our comfort zone and actually coming back to a place where we were much more free and much more open as we were aware of it. And the same way we work with our physical body the same holds true for the mind all of a sudden we're being exposed to new ideas just focusing the mind for a few moments on one thing sounds like an easy task but as many of us know we it's so easy to get distracted. So baked into the process our moments where we're standing on one leg we're balancing and that's not just to create strength and flexibility in the physical body. But it's to create concentration awareness right to put our attention on something and keep it there. And so as we practice that then when we go to a project that we have in life then all of that clarity all that awareness we've been working on how to harness our our consciousness our ability to concentrate it's all available for us I call it the bandwidth we're all limited in our bandwidth of how much we can kind of perceive it in a moment and the more that's on the distraction. The blurrier life gets and the more we can concentrate all of our energy in one place it's like a laser it can just focus in it and it provides a lot of insights and a lot of clarity off of the map. So is a beautiful balance between what yoga does for us while we're practicing and all the things that come up and then when we leave them at behind. That's that sense of clarity that sense of being very present very aware again. I love that I'm talking through how it impacts our nervous system. So in our nervous system we have our sympathetic and our person pathetic we have our fighter flight we have our rest our digest and our heel right. What in our normal daily life if we don't give ourselves a cute moments of stress we create kind of this baseline. And if we're not giving ourselves stress then we'll start to be impacted a lot more by the things around this right if you're a thought to yourself like wow if I could survive this I can survive anything. Right. If yourself a daily struggle if you give yourself something in the day that challenges you in a safe way you're going to be on the mat you'll be standing on one leg it's going to be tough you'll have trouble finding your breath. You'll be at the edge of a stretch where you feel like your body is just so open and it's really uncomfortable. But while you're in that place of discomfort while you brought the stress onto the mat you teach yourself to breathe and to remain calm and to relax with that discomfort and to stay present with it. So that when you come off of the matter when you take shavasana at the end of practice your nervous system drops way down. There's there's two types of people that first start practicing is the people that practice at night and at night you've already accumulated the stress of the day so you do your practice and it's wonderful at releasing all the built up tension and stress. And then if you do your practice early in the morning it's almost like you put on this extra layer of protection. There's just a little bit of buffer you've already had your your safe stress of the day so that the other things like somebody driving slowly in front of you or somebody honking behind you. Right just it bothers you just a little bit less it's not to say that we're these dissociated, desensitized to it we still notice it we just feel like there's a little bit more space where it doesn't have to give us that kind of gut check reaction where we start to act out of. Our sympathetic nervous system out of fight or flight when we're in fighter flight narrow vision everything moves into high reaction right when we can come back to the Paris sympathetic that's for the mind opens and expands that's where we stop seeing red and focusing on the problems we start opening our minds to see all the different solutions and all the possibilities. I love it and you talked a little bit about the mental focus what about energy what do you mean when you say energy. So you know if it's I think energy moves in cycles and waves right and I find the super fascinating the practice sometimes the hardest thing you can do is get to your map. Get to your mat and put your mat you're just like you know it's been a long day or I'm waking up I didn't get a good night sleep and it's really hard for me to just get moving right. So then when we're tired we start to hold our bodies a little bit more rounded and as we round the body we let the head hang we're not breathing so well we're cutting off the diaphragm we're breathing just here into the upper chest right and so just holding our body in this posture. Starts to bring our energy down when our energy gets low we don't feel very motivated to get out there do anything awesome the thoughts you're like oh maybe I'll just you know sit around today I don't really want to get out so everything works in that kind of downward way. Just by getting into the mat and you'll find this in most classes we do this in called integration where it's we just check in where is everybody at you know did you have a long day are you super excited are you anxious you know you can be on all different layers of the spectrum. But we start to come into our breath we notice our breathing then we take control of the breath and as we start to move the breath and think of the yoga practice as. A way to create a shape or container so that the breath can move more freely all of a sudden we're waking up muscles but we're doing it not a sense of like oh I have to work for this around working out we're like okay let me give my breath more room. Let me give my body more space right and just in doing that it feels wonderful I know I said it can be you're giving yourself a huge stress but also feels really good. To create that kind of space to sit up nice and tall. To feel the length of your spine and your body completely engaged in the moment and as you do that hopefully slowly and and. I like to say it's kind of like the pipe pipe you almost get tricked into working really hard in the practice as you do that you find yourself like wow I'm working really hard but I feel like I got here okay and then you leave and you just feel way more energized and the energy is not like the coffee energy where it's like I'm spiked up but I'm hopped up you feel this flow of energy yet there's also a common sense of clarity that comes along with it. Yeah and I and somebody you practice is in the morning for that very means that you're talking about I definitely understand what you're talking about here. What about strength and bone density and a little bit about peace. So strength and bone density you know it's really good to work out to lift weights because when we don't you the body like I said before constantly evolves in the way that we use it. So if we're not putting stress on our bones if we are mostly just walking around and sitting you might get a little bit more bone density into the hips you might get a little bit into the legs. But I love that yoga in itself is you and the map maybe a couple tools here and there. And it's not often that we're waiting the overtime we start to lose both density and the harm the risk and that can lead to a lot more arthritis and problems in our risk. And enjoy. Great text and and see if you can bring that there you go. Having that time where you you wait there on your hands and you wait there onto your arms just helps to protect you over the long run so that. Let's say like I said we don't necessarily practice yoga for that everyday things you're not doing a standing split on your daily life. But what happens when you slip and you fall right. If you haven't had time where you're putting weight on to your arms that's going to make you so much more fragile that's where you're going to end up straining your risk. But if you've been doing exercises that teach you how to not only find balance but teach you how to adjust and compensate when you're falling out of balance to catch yourself to put weight on the hands. That gives you again that kind of buffer in case something should happen where you slip you fall you catch yourself on your hand. It just helps design a life that allows for those acute moments that sometimes come up. And so gaining that strength right do you need the strength of all the time probably not absolutely no but you might need it sometime. And if you have a lot more strength than the things that you do in your daily life we're going to come with a sense of ease right. So be a little heavier on ourselves during the practice so we can feel a little lighter off the map and now into the world. And with that really a sense of peace you know I think something I read early on it really stuck with me and I hope this is something that people also resonate with. That we talk about peace and specifically inner peace right that inner pieces actually the base nature of who we are each of us is individuals. And I know that can sound hard we all go through moments that are difficult in life we all go through suffering we all go through reminations in the mind what we're talking negative in our heads we're feeling judged we're judging ourselves. If we can remember that inner peace is the base of who we are that everything else is a layer that keeps evolving and changing on top of that. That all we have to do and I know I say all we have to do but not always easy is just keep letting go. If we can release our thoughts if we can release our stress if we can let go of the things that we don't even realize we're holding on to it at some times we gain that level of awareness and we start to release all of a sudden we come to a place of peace. Peace is what exists when everything else that we're not fades away and that is something that I studied in the philosophical text but it's something that I experience on the yoga mat. I think that's why I love it is it's not just something you have to take with a grain of salt it's something that you can absolutely have as an experience on a daily basis if you do your practice and if you're guided and you understand some of the ideas of the concepts. It'll it'll really give you that space to have a sense of peace as you leave them that behind. I love that and so a lot of the things you're talking about are really things that you have to experience to feel like to feel and understand. So we'll talk a little bit more about improved sleep and eating healthier because I want to talk about yoga as a powerful anti-aging tool right we're all going to age at some point we're all getting older right but it's a matter of slowing that process down as we go. So there's a lot of different benefits of yoga can you just pick two or three for time sake to kind of highlight on this one. Absolutely and I know that you know bone densities in there I think that's a really important one. Common your nervous system and help me sleep better one huge thing that I also hope people take home today is that rest is not sleep and sleep is not rest. They both exist but they don't imply each other completely right like have you ever slept at night and tossed and turned your whole way through. And you have you ever been very restful but not fall asleep and so being able to understand the difference and then combine them in an intentional way. Yoga practice teaches us how to actually go in or it builds the sensitivity to scan and relax the body to realize the relationship in the breath. And as the nervous system comes down we get deeper into the person pathetic that's where you're going to have your much more restful sleep. So instead of saying hey I clocked based on quantitative I clocked eight hours of sleep I was in my bed for eight hours now what I did for eight hours was I tossed and turned and I thought about things all night. So at eight hours I don't feel great or you could have eight hours or seven hours of very restful sleep where you're like wow I laid down. I did a little bit of breathing I learned to relax and then I dropped and you wake up feeling incredibly refreshed. I know I said something earlier on and it struck me as well. I think it might have struck other people that I've been practicing for about 20 years. It's actually been 23. I started when I was 16 and believe it or not I'm actually 38. And I should be a lot of my youthful presence to the yoga practice right if we're constantly this goes back to the stress response. If we don't give ourselves a cute stress what we end up with is chronic stress things start to bother us a little bit and we hold on to that. We live a large portion of our life in the sympathetic nervous system we don't give our body a chance to drop into that base nature of peace to feel the person pathetic nervous system kick in. And that's where all of our organs are going to get a lot more energy from our nervous system to improve our functions right so our liver our kidneys are heart all of the not all of a lot of the stress disorders that come up come from just spending too much time in an anxious reactive and stressful state. So yoga as much fun as it is to bring you a sense of peace and to bring out that joy is also incredibly impactful into your nervous system and when it comes to anti aging to keep you feeling useful and to keep you looking useful as well. Absolutely. Now you've talked a little bit about mindfulness on the mat is there anything else you want to add for that because yes the physical aspects we know we're talking about those now. But what about that mindfulness aspect while you're actually practicing. Yeah, you know well you know distraction I think is is a wonderful thing because it's the it's the way that we know we're moving towards concentration. And so a lot of people are like oh my god, I try to do yoga but and you are going to look at one thing and focus on my breath and and when I do that all I have or just thoughts of like man I'm hungry is that the smell of a cheeseburger next or like what's going on right I'm like that's great you're not alone. That's that's where I'm at that's where everybody's at the thing is you don't ever confront that until you try to put your awareness on something. So know that that attempt to put your awareness on something and then the distractions that follow that's part of the practice that's the whole thing right. And just you showing up to actually engage with that experience time and time again and to keep bringing your awareness back whether it's a feeling of the body or the breath or a point that you're looking at. Is going to help you so that when you release it all when you're just sitting there you're going to feel like I said the bandwidth will clear up and you'll start to see more. You'll start to hear my can't it's hard to me to explain this but you'll oftentimes leave a really good yoga practice and then you'll look around and be like was that building always there was that billboard always it was all the stuff always there and that just goes to show you your mind is much more open it's much more receptive than when you got on to them. So really provides that space and some of that that bombardment of thoughts right get a little bit of space from that you feel that sense of calm you still see the thoughts. But with a little bit of space you're just not as reactive. Yeah definitely agree with that. So I want to hear about some of these poses for longevity. Now you gave us a list of quite a few so what I'm going to do, we're going to be like a flash mob here. I'm going to flash him on the screen and I want you to talk to us briefly about like what is this what about this posture opens you up how are we getting our energy flowing and how are we physically flowing differently from each of these and we'll start with the active poses you ready. Yeah sweet alright so this one's a tough one actually the lizard pose twist. The lizard pose twist and you can do this with or without grabbing your foot for many of us if the quads tight it's okay you don't have to grab the foot you can just bend the knee and squeeze your. Why is this such a good pose well one we've got the right for this person to got the right hip open right so we've got a little bit more space the right fits out to the side then we're creating that rotation into the spine. How often you ever going to rotate your torso to this degree right we're able to do it so by creating this rotation here on the mat you give yourself that room so that when you're turning from side to side whether it's like I just need to look at a car that's passing by or something. You feel a little more free you also have lightweight bearing on the left hand so if you're dealing with wrist injuries if you're dealing with shoulder injuries you still have three points of contact on the ground you can practice fundamental things like pushing the hands down protecting the risk. In a state that you don't have a lot of weight on them so if you were to just go straight into plant pose or side plank you can end up creating a lot more stress discomfort or injury this is a fantastic pose that is is really accessible for the majority of people. And then it also creates the space where you can build upon it you can start doing things like you can rotate your feet out so I like to look at it both as from a base if you just do this pose. It's going to help your mobility is going to help your spine but it also gives you room to explore and to play and you'll see that with a lot of these poses. What about downward dog this one we use a lot in most yoga classes down we're facing dogs one of our big inversions which means the head is below the heart right and when the head is below the heart the heart starts to slow down a little it's easier for blood to ride gravity and get to the brain. So there's there's a part of that impacts your nervous system here this person's very mobile and you can do downward facing dog with it with a big bend in the knees so that you're focusing on the length of the spine. Same thing here when it comes to weight bearing on the hands we've got half the weight on the hands half the weight on the feet and depending on on how far forward or back you can kind of shift and stand more into the legs or bring more weight into the hands. This is an incredible pose at opening up the backs of the legs feeling the length of the spine letting your nervous system calm down and building a little bit of strength both into the arms and coordination of how you rotate your upper arms and how you get your chest and your shoulders to hold this pose. Down dog is one of those essential posts is that you're going to do hundreds of not hundreds of thousands of times your yoga career and every time you do it there'll be things that you'll pick up on will be things that you learn and things that you're fine. So it's an incredible pose opens the backside of the body from the backs of the legs all the way to the back of the neck builds a lot of strength helps to bring your awareness in and really gets your your spine nice and long if if you kind of play with that like I said better than the knees and the lift of the hips. Love it deep squat this picture hurts my hips just saying. You know and I totally get that I think it's super important both we're looking at two things here looking at hip flexion which means she's got her knees really high up she's sitting super low and also add duck or add duck she's where she has the knees open right. So like I said for runners we're moving in that straight line this is a really good posture to open up the inner thighs to open up the inner groins know that there's always. Different variations you can take you can sit on a block you can sit on a chair what really matters here is you've got the length of the spine you've got some strength she's working to where a glute she's actually working on her ankle mobility. So working on to a deep squat this is one of those poses that again is very common in cultures that don't have chairs right this is like a very natural pose that you see in much of the Eastern world. For people just to be walking around you get to have a drink everybody just takes a squat sits down for a second and keeps talking. And it really allows you to keep the mobility in your hips the mobility in your back and the mobility in your ankles and if you have an ankle mobility and you have hip mobility your knees are very well protected. If you don't have an ankle mobility and you don't have hip mobility then your knees are going to take a burn of the force if you are falling on place or or if you either find yourself slipping in the world or if you just have a little on this alignment in the way you walk. Cat cow another common one yeah cat you know all these poses I like to say these active poses if you can spend if you just have 10 minutes in like I don't have time to do a 90 minute class. Take each of these poses for a few breaths and that's still going to give you a lot about it. Cat cow is an incredible way to just evolve the spine right to remember that your spine has so many vertebrae. And when we're kind of walk around we're very stiff we just tend to around the back which want to keep your spine moving right. And so that's going to help to loosen up if you deal with low back issues cat cows and incredible release for the low back. If you're dealing with neck issues all of us suffer from phone neck or technique or kind of talking to chin down and always looking it's also going to help reverse some of those processes. Nice. I love this one side angle. This is a super powerful pose this one is and they's where we include a lot of lengthening inside of the body right so you can see there's pressure on the outer heel and then. We're really feeling out this one requires some movement in the hips that little turn or tilt that she has in her hips allows for the spine to be really long and as she outstretched to the arm she's just feeling all this wonderful length and all this blood flow coming up the side of her body. Of course we do it on both sides so we end up pulling ourselves to feel like we're getting taller and taller with every practice. Nice. All right some of the passive poses. Super into the same thing like the low lunge twist but even easier you can do this before you go to sleep and maybe when you wake up is to just get the hips rotated to one side and to get the chest down that's going to help you in your digestion. It's also just a wonderful release for the lower back. Nice legs up the wall now I like this one too and it can be done with or without the wall correct. Yeah if you don't have the wall or if your hamstrings are really tight then don't put your legs up the wall and just have your tailbone kind of lifted. Put your legs on a coffee table put your legs on a chair put put on something where your hips can rest on the mat. This is one of the best poses you can do after a long drive along flight or hard day where you're standing. Let gravity reverse blood flow let gravity aid let flow back from your feet which gets swollen throughout the day I've heard you gain the entire sheep size. For morning tonight if you're walking around let some of that inflammation that swelling drop back down this is also a really good pose for your parasympathetic nervous system. You just let yourself feel like you're in a safe place breathe nice and slow nice and deep and just feel the the way that gravity is naturally common your body in this pose. Love it. Restored in bridge I like this one slightly different than the normal bridge because you have the block under your hip correct. Yeah and you can use a block underneath your hips so that you're not using the glutes to keep things lifted. So here in what's called hip extension right when when we were sitting in the frog squat and when we're sitting in a chair we're in hip flexion. And doing that short ends the distance on the front of the pelvis right so we're constantly tightening our hip flexors. Restored in bridges is a nice successful way to reverse that if we've been sitting for a long period of time legs up the wall is still a hip flexed position. So something like for sort of bridge will help to counterbalance all the sitting that's happening. And if you take this pose and you slide your legs forward it's one of my favorite poses of all times keep your heels on the ground you're going to feel a nice gentle passive stretch from the hip flexors below belly it's wonderful. Nice I'm going to try that this Sunday when I go to yoga. And then everyone's favorite Sebastian other yoga nap. The yoga nap and that's you know they call it yoga kneeja which means yoga sleep it's not it's not normal sleep we're going consciously pass out right yoga sleep or shavasana is consciously restoring or relaxing your physical body. And it actually induces a higher level of awareness for many people you might fall asleep that's okay it probably means you're pretty tired and you need to sleep. But as you develop and hopefully get more restful sleep at night when you get into shavasana this is where things get really really interesting. You can start to fade into these different kind of altered states of consciousness where you're like. Feels like you're very restful and it feels like you're dreaming but you're very conscious and you're completely awake and we call this this in between this barto this this place in between waking and sleeping. If you practice kneeja if you practice shavasana there may even come a time and I can tell you this from experience where you slip from being awake to being in a dream in full consciousness. You you literally experience the entire distance it's a very unique kind of a crazy and wonderfully crazy experience and it can be a little bit strange when you first experience it. But the amount of rest the depth of of clarity and of calmness that comes to depth of peace that shavasana allows makes it one of the most powerful poses on our practice. I love this well when they give me more than two minutes I'm going to be fully honest I will fall asleep. And first of all I'm there and then after a volunteer to I'm straight asleep. I guess I'm tired. I love it. Well, thank you for walking us through those. We would love to get some insights from you. So there's quite a few things that we can make sure that everybody understands about becoming a professional yoga and taking it to the point where you have which is making a full time career. Can you talk us through a couple of these real quick. Yeah, I think most important and this can be the hardest part is to start teaching. I was lucky enough that I had a teacher that gave me that those words of wisdom because from what I've seen and from people I've talked to you, it comes up a lot. I'm not ready. I'm not ready. I'm not ready. I just did my 200 hour. As long as you're really open and honest about that with your students and with yourself doesn't mean you have to broadcast and every class, but just know you know you're still learning. Everyone has to start somewhere and the faster you can start teaching, especially coming out of a teacher training, the more it's going to help you retain the knowledge that you picked up on. And you just start one of the reasons I love our teacher training that we kind of co-created is it has a set sequence which later on in life you end up you know changing and being creative. But in the beginning it gives you something that you can walk into a room. You can teach for an hour. You have a safe place. You have a foundation that you know makes sense. You've done it for yourself and you can use that to start honing your craft to start honing yourself as a teacher. You know, traveling the world is one of the greatest benefits. I've been able to travel and do yoga retreats. It's not just about seeing the world. It's also about seeing a community of people. Put their phones away, put their work away, put you know the outside world away for a week. And see what happens when they spend some time connecting to their body, connecting to their breath, connecting to what's really right in front of them. And seeing the world and being able to see it not just as sometimes like a tourist where we're just out there sightseeing, but actually sitting in the moment and really taking it all in what we're not just doing the next thing in the next thing in the next thing we actually give ourselves some room to almost be wherever we are even if it is. And we're just going to cross the world becoming less reactive, you know, things still bother me. So I'm not I'm not a saint. I wouldn't even even try and if you're asked my friend of definitely not the saint. But I'm a lot less reactive. I'm not a lot more aware of of my own tendencies that when I'm in a stressed out place that my nerves are very thin right and now I have a practice that helps give me that little bit of armor that little bit of space. And with that because you become more aware of it, you become aware of it as a teacher and this is student going through the practice. I think it just not actually makes you more compassionate if you allow it to. And you know anyone that's ever done something to me, they're not necessarily doing it to me. I'm just in the way and they're doing it and it's going out in every direction. I just happen to be there and it's getting directed towards me. And I've done it many times and I'm much more aware of it. And so when I see things in the world, I feel like I'm just much more compassionate. I'm able to see with a lot more understanding from an experiential level from where I can actually feel it rather than having to try to just figure it out in my own head. And the greatest thing is being a part of a community and helping others. I taught a private this morning that I've been teaching for six years, maybe even more. I taught a private last night that I've known for eight years, nine years. And it's incredible to have that connection with somebody to be there, to help them keep their body healthy and to keep their mind happy. And also watch them of all the same thing with the students that I see to see all these people come together. I don't need to thank you at the end of practice because when people are walking away, you just see it. You see that sense of peace in their eyes and in their mind and in their bodies. You see it throughout the practice, you see it at the end. And as a teacher, what more could you as a human being, what more could you ask for, then to be a part of someone else's joy or someone else's peace? Yeah, I love that. And I feel like all the people that are here with us today, that's what they're looking for. People in fitness, they want to help people. And that's a really big common thread for a lot of people. But I do want to point out you guys for those of you who are interested in getting certified as a yoga instructor. It is a little different than resistance training coaching a sport running group fitness classes. There is essentially an expectation that you have your own established practice to get really good at yoga instruction. And Alex, tell me if you disagree, like you have to be good at practicing it. We're not saying you need to be like the best. I'd be able to do every single pose in the world. We're not saying that. But you do have to have some level of your own practice established in order to do that. And we always recommend people do that. As they're starting over four starting to pursue a certification. I know that's a general expectation. And then you, of course, complete your certification course, which will break down exactly what that process looks like. And we're super excited to be one of the few places where you can get through this process on line. Because I don't know about you. Got stuff to do. Can't be in a yoga studio necessarily all the time to do that in person to 100 hour teacher training. Register what the yoga alliance, which there are a lot of perks to being registered with them, including being on a job board where somebody's looking for a yoga instructor that can search by area and find you, which is amazing. And then like Alex said, get out there and start teaching. Start teaching. You have to start somewhere and if we wait until we're ready. Air quotes. We never do anything the way. So it's something that we want to make sure that you guys on your stand. I promise you guys become a part of this process is we want to give you all the guidance and the structure and the information that you need. So we put the leading experts in the industry in front of you guys and make them available in situations much like this right here, where you can ask questions and gain all the knowledge and skills that you need. And you'll develop the expertise to teach your own yoga class, develop a unique yoga style and feel confident. Lead a leading hot that and then you have to style yoga classes. So the next few minutes guys, I want to spend some time talking a little bit about the course which Alex here helped us co-create. If he was a big part of creating this course. So Alex jump in if there's anything that I'm missing or if you would like to highlight. But what sets us apart. First of all, we're online, right? So it's flexible. You could study at your own pace. It is 100% online so you can complete your certification on your own time. It's copper and set you guys. There's more than 30 hours of videos and lectures. Of course weekly live sessions that are at least an hour of peace. Lots of information for you guys, but it's done in a way that keeps you engaged. It's interactive. So we have those live weekly virtual study studio sessions. Again, touch by ours. And all the sessions are recorded. So if you can't make a live session, don't worry. We'll post them online so you can catch up with what you missed when you have time. And of course it's backed by ISSA, which we are the one of the global leaders in online fitness and wellness certifications for the last 30 years. So not to tutor our own horn, but be a beep. There's a reason that we brought this for you guys. It is accredited. As I mentioned, we are registered yoga school. And so you have the ability to get that accreditation through the yoga alliance. We're super proud to bring that to you. You'll have all the support that you need with our students, success team and our instructors who are available for you. We do offer a job guarantee or a money back guarantee, essentially. So purchase with confidence knowing that you'll get your money back if you don't actually find a job in yoga. And it's practical. Alex mentioned the signature yoga class. I think that's an amazing perk of this program. Not only do they give you that right with 37 different poses. How to go work your way through that and offer that as a course or class offering for your student students. But guys every single week during the guided study, you go through that same, same session, the same yoga class. So you will get a ton of practice in that yoga class by the end of the course. It's one thing I want to add to that. And the reason why this is having that set sequence, which can sound important. You're like, oh my god, I have to do the same thing over and over again. Well, what's beautiful is week after week, we break apart a different theme, whether it's the way you move your hands, the way you push into the mat, the way you move your hips, the way you move your shoulders. We're actually working our way up the different energy systems up the body. So that not only do you do, do you have time to practice with consistency and do the same thing. Which means week after week you're having to memorize less. And you just start to experience more. But you also learn different ways of engaging and of moving the body. So the same pose, you kind of break apart in many different ways. By the time you get to week eight or nine, your practice has been completely evolved. It's something that I'm super proud of, it's something that I've always wanted for the yoga world. It's to take the things that I've seen people who have practiced for ten years, not even experience and create a system where they're really developing the practice and through that. They're developing the ability to share and communicate it. So we practice things, we teach you how it works, and then we give you the tools that will help you communicate it to others. I love that. Thank you for pointing that out. A couple more things guys, the job guarantee, like I mentioned, we're so confident that you will complete this course. Register with yoga Alliance and go out there and find a job in yoga that we will offer you your money back if you don't. Again, huge levels of expertise and I'll show you guys some of the other instructors that work alongside Alex to put this course together for you guys. The mindfulness of the study sessions, everything like you can tell with what he was just saying about doing the structured sessions. Everything was put together for a reason, right? There's layers to what you're learning. So it's not just here. Learn this once and then go do it. They're going to teach you all the elements of everything that they're teaching you. And then of course, it is interactive with the yoga teachers. It's a really good opportunity to ask questions and get really good feedback. And Alex, I hear you even started doing like camera on stuff now where people can like show you their posture and you'll give them feedback, which is amazing. I love to see that. So lots of cool aspects of the course. The curriculum. So people always ask us and I know there's a question that I saw pop in the chat or in the question section earlier, what am I going to learn in this course? Well, here you go guys, everything from teaching and cueing, putting together a yoga sequence where it makes sense, right? You have to warm up. You have to build. You have your peak poses and then you have your cool down. The anatomy and physiology. We absolutely talk about that. So you don't have to have a background in that. The history and philosophy that Alex was talking about that he loves so much meditation and prontayama, which is breathing. Professional development. How do I build a career? How do I build a business around it yoga teaching? Of course, the yoga posture. This is we do talk through the assanas and the signature foundational yoga class and some ethics. So it's a pretty well wound rounded program you guys taught by quite a few different instructors. All of them have years and years of experience, which is amazing. Alex is there in the top right. We have Andrew, Angel, who's actually been on our podcast and done some live stuff with us, much like Alex has. Buddy, Machua who's also been on our podcast, really cool dude and Vasu. So all of these people are respecting the experts and practicing yoga in their field. So we're super excited to have all of these guys along with us. We're the yoga 200 course for those of you who are interested in it. We did want to lay out for you what's included in the course. We give you everything that you need. So there's no extra purchases. You don't have to go out and find other things. You'll get your teaching manual and the Asana guidebook. So those are the two written manuals that you'll go through for the course. The course includes the live weekly study studio sessions of course this student support team to help you as you go through that I mentioned earlier. The guide meditations. There's a self-paced or guided study option as well to help guide you through the material in more manageable chunks. So we laid out for you kind of like a syllabus. You do get your CPR in a e.d card included, which is amazing because you do need that not only to get the certification, but to get hired. They're going to expect that you have that certification and we're going to include it for you. 30 hours of immersive videos. You have the work sheets and some suggested practice sessions that they'll give you and then of course Alex gives feedback throughout in those live sessions. The foundational yoga, our class with 37 poses. You're eligible upon completion of that exam to register with the yoga alliance and then of course the final exam itself, which is online open book. You do get to a 10 set the exam included with your purchase. So again everything that you need is right there for you. So super inclusive. Let us know what questions you guys have in that questions tab about this. Now real quick, Alex I want to hear from you a little bit about some of the yoga career opportunities. Can you run us through these real quick with that about six minutes left and I want to make sure we get to our giveaway and our Q&A. Oh my gosh. Okay. So you know whether you do it full time or part time. It's really up to you. I think when you feel that call you want to share then go for it. Now obviously online has been something that's that got a lot bigger because of the pandemic. It's a very rewarding way to practice is a very rewarding way to teach because you your outreach is literally infinite. But in person will always be hopefully your bread and butter where you can see people in person and you can really give them adjustments and cues and feedback in real time. You can also start teaching privately. I think everybody whether it's teaching free to a friend or something start with get as many private clients as you can even if it's for free because it's going to develop you as a teacher or you know charges as little as you you can manage. Get just get the experience and you'll find that the more you learn the more you grow the more opportunities you're just going to come your way at this point. I'm super lucky. I don't really go out for jobs. I just have studios that will constantly be calling me and ask me if you haven't even my schedule. Can you do this and that's something I never thought would happen. But it's from just years of teaching and from just kind of putting myself out there for so long. I love it. Yeah, so just remember guys that I always takes time to build something like that, but it is 100% possible if that's a show looking to do. We've had quite a few students already go through this program. It's new within the last year and a half we released this program against super proud to have this as an offering for you guys. And we have a 4.74 out of 5 star reading with the yoga alliance and we're super proud of that. So guys, if you don't believe us, go out and listen to what look at what other students that have been through the program are saying. There's lots of great feedback out there. Lots of people being very, very detailed about what they thought of the course they thought of Alex's guidance, right? They love it. And we're super proud of that. We do have an exclusive discount for those of you guys who are here and then we're getting to our giveaway next guys. We are offering you guys 30% off this is the biggest discount we have ever done and will ever do. I can promise you that. I've been here for almost four years. Okay, I've never seen a course 30% off. But we're offering that for you guys. There's a promo code at the bottom here. Yoga web 30 use that promo code at checkout. And we have three different packages depending on what you want to do in this field and how much additional education you would like to get. So for those of you are just looking to get into the yoga 200 and get registered with the yoga alliance and start teaching or whether it's just for yourself. We have our basic yoga 200 course, which includes the course and all the materials I talked about earlier and then of course remember your CPR and a d course is included. Our most popular option is here in the middle. It's our mind body bundle. So this of course includes the yoga 200 course and your CPR and a d but it's a total of seven courses will also give you our transformation specialist, which is all about the psychology of behavior change super important. If we're trying to get people to change their behaviors. It's got guided group meditation class, the eight limbs of yoga. It's got back pain relief and yoga. So that's important because a lot of people have back pain and then also of course on prani, I'm also breathing and the health benefits. So really nice little bundle there to give you additional content and information that you need to go out there and be successful. And then for those of you guys who are looking to dive all in those feet forward. We have our best value, which is you're going to save the most money, but it's 11 courses total so you have everything that's in that mind body bundle. And we also include our life coach course. Okay, so if you want to help not only yoga, but you want to help the whole person that's worth that. Our nutritionist course is included that that one are glutes specialist course, which that's my baby. So I'm a little bias on that one. And then exercise for free and postnatal clients for those of you guys who want to will be working with pregnant clients. So quite a bit to get through and that one by a lot of information that you can go out and share with others. So all of these we are offering you guys a 30% off code. Again, write this down. You'll go web 30. I will keep it on the screen at the end here. But really great value for you guys and super excited to offer such a big discount just in time for Black Friday. All right, who is ready for a little giveaway here and then we'll do a little bit of Q and A. We'll pull out some questions from our questions. Box out. You ready for the giveaway? Ready. Let's go. All right, guys. So we're giving away three of those bundles. Again, it is a Manduka pro map and a yoga toes towel value that more than 200 dollars. So those of you who win your welcome. And we're going to give you anything. And for those of you who don't win, don't worry right down this code. You guys get 20% off at Manduka.com. So we'll check that out as well. So 20% off just in time for Black Friday. So our first winner and we have your email based on what you registered. So we were reaching out to you is Leah is real. Leah is real. Congratulations. Our second winner is Ronald Ivonnex. Hopefully I'm saying that correctly. Ronald Ivonnex. Congratulations. And our third and final winner randomly selected from those of you guys who are here is Melissa Gold. Melissa Gold. Congratulations. This is awesome. So we will be emailing each of you guys with the email at the email address that you registered for this session with. So keep an eye on later today. We'll be reaching out to get you guys your prize packs. Congratulations. You guys. All right. So right down this discount code again, guys. Yoga Web 30 to take advantage of that 30% off. This is not going to go on for very long. So definitely if you're interested. Now is a better time than any to get started as we move into the holidays. You can ready for 2024. But there are a couple questions that came in. I've got some right here. So I'm looking at reading questions here. Alex Rebecca would like to know how to integrate a yoga teacher training with psychotherapy. Great question. I think the mindfulness it really depends because when you're dealing with psychotherapy right you're dealing directly to the mind. So yoga and especially what we're learning in this is how to get first into the physical body. I like to think of this most like Russian nesting dolls where to get to the mind first off can be very difficult for some. So integrating a movement practice and not just moving the body, but the biggest key for yoga is that you're doing it with much more awareness. You, the, exist not just a strength in the body, does it make you actually feel how you're moving your spine to get you to become aware of how the breath changes the way that each pose and your body feels in each moment. And yes by doing that, well help to clear some of the thoughts out of the mind and kind of lay the groundwork so that when you get into psychotherapy, when you get into it, whether it's talking sessions or if you're doing a different type of therapy. It just kind of gives you the foundation for the person to be much more present and clear with themselves before you start to enter the session. So I would think that from the people I talked to, I have a few friends that are therapists, when you're including incorporating yoga, you may want to incorporate the movement doesn't have to be a full 90 minute class, but even 10, 5 to 10 minutes of some of these more basic posture and then bringing in the awareness of the breath, bringing in the mindfulness of, of asking the student to see where they feel the pose in their body and see how the the feelings the experience changes with your breath, again, just laying that groundwork so that they're much more receptive when you get into your work. That actually makes perfect sense. Thank you for explaining that great question Rebecca. Julie mentioned I've heard the saying you're only as young as your spine is flexible. I love that. And she said Julie noticed that her spine is super tight and her thoracic spine specifically and he poses to help with thoracic spine flexibility. I feel like a lot of the yoga passers because the thoracic spine is the movable part your cervical spine is movable as well, but your one bar spine should be relatively stable right Alex. Well, so thoracic and for those of our familiar, that's the ribcage portion of the spine that's going to be one of the most stable portions of your spine naturally because it has scaffolding it has the ribcage attached to it. So it's really meant to be protective to hold your organs. Now it does have movement, but it's one of the last places that we usually move nature always takes the path of least resistance. So if I were to go into a back bed my neck is going to do all the work my low back is going to do all the work what I really want to work on and you'll find this in our teacher training is how to I stabilize what is highly mobile then mobilize what is highly stable. Poses like cat cow, but with the awareness of contracting your core you want to stabilize the lower spine so that when you're going into your cow pose you're actually starting to feel the ribcage move. Many people think that the ribcage and the thoracic are immovable they're completely still it's not actually the case there is a certain degree of movement. It's not like what you'll feel in the neck of a low back, but it can be developed over time and it helps to keep some of the subluxations and some of the compressions in the spine at bay right so the more we kind of hold our spine and let it compress the more it starts to degenerate as the spine evolves fuses together. So you want to create length and movement both at forward backward side bending and rotation. Love it so sounds like Julian is quite a few poses that you can use for your thoracic spine. Yeah when you're working with back bends specifically though make sure you're bracing the core and bracing the neck so that you're tarnated because you can do a back bend and not get your thoracic you can dump your neck and and up the lower back so it's really about stabilizing here and here and then. Yeah and I know for a fact in the course because I've been through it you guys have a whole section talking about the chain and like the cervical spine so I'm sure that's that's going to be covered. I love that of Diane was curious and we're going to do a couple more here guys so if you can stick around stay with us. Diane was curious can you'll also help overcome anxiety and panic attacks. Yeah, one of the greatest things that yoga can teach you to do is to slow down your breath as we invite stress on to the map. Your body your mind and your breath are constantly balancing each other out so if your mind is very anxious and you're swirling in your thoughts most likely you're tensing your body and your breath is short and into your chest. Yoga can help greatly with this because it's teaching you how to what we call stear to suka which is fine steadiness or strength. But also softness at the same time find that balance in each of the poses and then once you find that balance start to regulate your breathing and notice how your breath, how calming your breath also starts to calm your mind. Now don't get me wrong there's going to be moments especially when you're near to the practice where you get into a challenging pose and you're like. Every it's taking everything to not like free go out right now, but if you sit with that and you slow down your breath you teach yourself to change the way that you react to those stressors you also teach your nervous system. To calm down under those higher states of stress and then when you come back to a place that feels safe you're going to drop even deeper so yeah yoga can absolutely do wonders for anxiety. I love it. All right a couple more you guys have some great question. We'll have the ones to know you at most of the yoga fundamentals certification. Would it be beneficial for her to do the yoga 200 course as well. I believe so you know. Once you start to get into the process if you're doing yoga fundamentals when you get into the process of becoming a teacher of actually doing the 200. If you want to go deeper if you want to dive deeper it when you learn something to the degree that you can teach it to someone else. You're going to put you up against all of your knowledge that's where you really test yourself. So yeah I would absolutely recommend it if it's something you're interested in. Some people do yoga teacher printing to actually teach and make a career out of it. Others just want to learn the things that you're never going to hear in a classroom setting. There's just little concepts that I wouldn't waste the time of people. If they're just coming in to get their daily practice. I'm not necessarily going to break down a concept for 20 minutes because that's a third of the practice. This is this that we actually get to see what what's going on behind the curtain here. Yeah and I would also add on to that to Melissa if you've done the yoga fundamentals that one is not eligible for accreditation with the yoga Alliance. So you are looking for that as far as employment at prospects go then yes the yoga 200 a lot of it will be a review but I get Alex and then they go deeper into some different topics like you said they go into a lot more minutia like they're a little bit more granular with it to give you even more. But you'd be eligible to register with yoga Alliance to which is often a requirement for employment. So keep that in mind. All right. Travis had a question we're going to finish with this one from Travis and then Diane Ellie and I see a couple other questions. What I'm going to do is send these to Alex I'm going to get his answers in writing and I'm going to post them on our Facebook page. Okay, so go to I SSA or go to Facebook go to groups search for international fourth sciences association. I SSA and join our Facebook group and I will post these later today when I hear back from him. Okay, but Travis asked for our final question can I incorporate yoga in between workouts. Absolutely. Now the way you know you can yoga the beauty of yoga is it can be included at any time but the way you practice it may change depending on your attention. So can you do it in between workouts 100% right it just might be a much more you could either be using it as an active way of kind of. Taking active recovery you could be using it I don't know depending on what your workout is as a passive way of just releasing some of the stress that happened from the first one where you really deep into your sympathetic and you want to get back to your parasympathetic to give yourself some time to recover and rest before you get to the next workout right. So yeah yoga because yoga is actually very it's a widespread idea right it's not so singular as how it's used you can use it in every single moment of every single day the mindfulness aspect of being connected to your body listening to your body of calming down your mind of. Feeling the sensations and getting into the different movements that keep your body open those are universal concepts that can be practiced pretty much any time of day. I love that and I would agree with that to so Travis I would say I'm a body builder and I do yoga every Sunday every Sunday for three hours I do two different classes I do yoga class and I will shower and then I go back to yoga class. I go shower and chill but I do it for it's a different kind of strength it's it I can move iron around all day but it's a very different kind of strength to hold up and move your body around especially with my bad volleyball shoulders and so it's very very different I work on my mobility and my flexibility. But like Alex said the biggest thing for me you guys is the mindfulness part like just being aware of my body like feeling like I have a weird little thing with one of my shoulders it sits higher the other this is also my hitting arm. I'm very much aware of that and how to consciously relax this side of my body and focus on stretching oh I'm catching here right. You can feel it's a very different feeling than lifting so I do it for that personally so I would say absolutely you can do it with two workouts wonderful question so again Diane Ellie and I see your questions I will make sure to get these over to Alex and we'll get you some answers in our Facebook page. But thank you guys so much Alex thank you so much for all your insight and for being here with us today. Thank you Jen and Spence so great talking to you again. Thank you all and hang in and hang in on listening. Yes, yes, yes, thank you guys for sticking around that's awesome but thank you to all of our winners congratulations to all of our winners with our menu take a way make sure you guys go check out their website for that 20% discount. And also take advantage of that 30% off again the biggest discount we have and ever will offer this course we look forward to having you guys in class and we'll see on the mat thanks for being here guys. Thank you all.