Good morning. My name is Tammy Nealy and I'm joining you today on Friday, January 31st for our next installment of ISSA Live. Excuse me, ISSA inspires on Instagram Live. Today, I'm a grad and I think she's coming in now. Amanda is joining us. She is an ISSA certified personal trainer and an ISSA nutrition coach. Hi Amanda, thanks for joining today. How are you? I'm well. I was just introducing that we are here for a weekly installment of ISSA inspires. We bring in graduates who have gone through ISSA courses, become certified, and we want to share their story with others in the hopes of inspiring them. Maybe having them look a little deeper at the different courses that ISSA offers and hopefully take some action from there. I appreciate you taking the time today, Amanda. Yeah, glad you're hang out with you. So it's admittedly for those people who are joining. We have spoken before Amanda. So this is not a new conversation that I do know your story with it. But I was so touched by it and so truly inspired myself that I thought it would be super helpful to bring this conversation to others. So maybe just kick us off. Tell us a little bit about you and your journey to ISSA. Yeah, absolutely. So my name is Amanda Mueller. I'm a Texas native and I have been living with type 1 diabetes for a little over 17 years. And just in the progression of my health and wellness journey which definitely encompasses improving my type 1 diabetes management. Fitness has always been a part of that journey, but as I've been leaning into self-health, mental health, right, doing all of those things that we're talking about so much, I realized that there was more of an opportunity for me to grow in both knowledge and education and even taking it further and helping other people in my community. So the next step for that was getting my certification. And so so people who join ISSA, they want to start a career in fitness, becoming a personal trainer, whether it's working in a gym, launching their own maybe becoming a franchise owner. I feel like your story is a bit different because you do have a call it traditional nine to five. So walk us through what do you do full time today and how did taking this ISSA course fit into that life for you? Yeah, that's a great question. So I'm an accountant by trade. I own and operate a small accounting firm where we work with small businesses to help them maximize their profit, keep their books straight, keep them tax compliant. But as I mentioned before, fitness has always been a part of my life. And as I've been like finding those sustainable habits that helped support me in my work life, in my home life, in my journey with managing my T1D, it was important to me to ensure I was finding time throughout the day or throughout the week in my schedule to incorporate that fitness, incorporate movement that was helping support me in all those areas of my life. So I was doing more research about that for myself and again, that's where I was like I should just get my certification. I'm already doing the research. I'm already hungry for the education and the knowledge. And I started my Instagram account last year to connect with my fellow T1D community and started sharing videos of me working out in tips and tricks and I realized that other people were hungry for that information too. So gaining my certification through, I say, helped me feel more confident in sharing how movement matters and can impact our health for anyone, right movement for anyone, but especially in my T1D community. So I'm excited about where else I can take that. But for now it's kind of a secondary hobby or piece of my life, but it's becoming more and more a part of my life and I'm excited about that. So before you and I spoke earlier this month, my understanding of Type 1 diabetes was very limited. Some of the folks that are watching today could you do an explanation of what Type 1 diabetes is and how through fitness you're able to impact your, I don't know if it's your treatment or how fitness plays a role into that specifically. Yeah sure. So there are actually many versions of diabetes, but I think the most common are Type 1 and Type 2. And the the global difference between those two is that Type 1 is an autoimmune issue where the insulin producing cells in the body stop working. And so as a Type 1 diabetic, I am insulin dependent and my treatment is insulin therapy via a pump, which right now I have on my abdomen, but it kind of moves around. There are a lot of Type 1 diabetics who have different types of technology, so different insulin pumps or they give themselves manual injections. It's just a personal preference. Where Type 2 diabetes is where the body is still producing insulin, but the body is not using it efficiently and that can be related to more metabolic health. So for someone like me, that's living with Type 1 diabetes, it is really important that my management, you know, it's stress impacts at hormones impact it, you know, as a woman, those specific things impact it, food impacts it. So I'm constantly thinking and tweaking and figuring out ways to keep my blood sugar in a healthy range that I've determined with my healthcare team, but exercise absolutely does play a huge impact in not over overall health and metabolic health, but it can help blood sugar stay more stable, specifically strength training, which is my love lifting weights. It's just my favorite thing I would do it all day every day if I could. I know that's overkill, but I love it that much. But the big impact of strength training is that as we grow those muscles, it allows for more energy muscle storage, which that occurs with glucose uptake during strength training. So when we grow our muscles by lifting weights, we are bringing a little bit more of that glucose out of the bloodstream into our muscles, which can provide some long-term insulin sensitivity for us, which as a Type 1 diabetic insulin sensitivity is like a magical word. Yeah, so you are saying all of this science-based information. How much of this did you have prior to about Type 1 diabetes and how strength training can help so for you before you took the ISSA course and how much it was revealed to you throughout your course? Oh, so that's a well, what a great question. So definitely some basic knowledge about it, but learning more through my certification course, especially the parts of the course is what we're challenging, but like stimulating in such an amazing way related to the anatomy and physiology and the body and metabolic health, that's when a lot of those pieces started coming together for me and I wanted to do more research and getting online and googling things and tying it back to additional course material, learning about the science and the mechanism that is our incredible human body, right? And how that growth of muscle is impacting my Type 1 diabetes management. So I knew a little bit, but I know so much more and again, that hunger came from going through the course. Yeah, and as you are going through the course, again, working full time, I suspect doing your reading and doing the course work and the quizzes, nights and weekends, I suspect is when you were able to do that, how long, because again, people watching, people watching this are like, I wonder how long it's going to take me, I do have a nine to five, I'm, I have other commitments, family commitments and friends, how long did the course take you? It took me about five months, okay, and there were definitely seasons in that five months where I felt like I had worked time to concentrate on it and time where I didn't, but to your point, yes, I just had to take it in strategic sections that made sense for me in times where I felt like I could focus on it. I think that you could fast track it if you wanted or your availability was there, but it is a lot of information, but it's a lot of really great information. So, you know, I would encourage anyone that's thinking about, you know, taking a course to be patient and remember, like, you've got a lot of information that's going to empower you in the long run, so don't feel like you want to speed through it, you want to take your time and sit in it and learn it, and there would even be times like in the evening after I finished a chapter, I would talk to my husband about it because we're regurgitating that information you learned helps in power you to remember it and share it with others too. And then you talked about last year, you launched your Instagram page and having conversations regularly with other individuals who have been diagnosed with type 1 diabetes, how have you brought fitness naturally into that conversation? Sure, so I again, I've been sharing my own workout, some tips and tricks for beginners, talking about how type 1 diabetes and blood sugar management can be positively impacted by strength training. And I've invited a lot of my community to, you know, send me questions and DMs or send me videos of them working out if they want some feedback on a particular mood. I love connecting with other women in our community, especially who are excited about whether working out at home or working out at the gym, but it can feel a little intimidating. So, I want to create a space where they feel like they can shoot me a video or ask me questions and it's been really exciting over the last few months to continue that relationship with them, you know, via messaging and seeing how they're progressing in the gym. So, you completed that certified personal trainer course and then I believe you enrolled in the nutrition coach course as well. Remind me, have you completed that or are you still working through that? No, I have completed my nutrition certification as well. And then were there any aha moments or key takeaways from that that have impacted how maybe you care for yourself as a type one diabetic? Yes, absolutely. So, nutrition is so important, especially with blood sugar management, creating a balanced plate. If you will or a balanced meal, that includes, you know, I call it the fab for so protein carbohydrates fat and fiber. We want to have those so we're getting our micro nutrients and our macro nutrients, but when we create a more balanced meal as a type one diabetic, it can help slow the absorption of those carbohydrates which can help prevent spikes in our blood sugar. I am an advocate for all food. I think there is a place for all food, but being able to go back to the basics and build a foundation to understand how food does impact our body is really empowering and also as my own strength training journey is growing and changing and I'm building a sustainable habit. The nutritionist certification helped me determine the best way to approach macros and be able to calculate my own and help others do that as well. And I actually just had a conversation with someone I've been working with last week where we adjusted her macros and it was such an amazing chat because she said, I don't feel hungry anymore. I feel like I'm getting in the nutrients that I need, like what an amazing change. And so that was something I learned how to do through that curriculum. And you said the word empowering there. I'm curious, you know, before you enrolled in an ISSA course, were there any like blockers in your head that you were like, how am I going to do this? Is this the right thing for me? And how did you get over those and empower yourself to move forward in this process? So I've been working for about 18 months with a registered dietitian and a type 1 diabetes coach and her name is Meg. She has changed my life. She has allowed me to view my own health journey specifically related to type 1 diabetes and empowered me to understand how much control I can have without feeling obsessive and just to understand how my body works and then again build that foundation for myself. And because of the way she's empowered me, it has made me get excited about learning and figuring out how I can empower others. And so that's what I'm trying to do now and going through the ISSA certifications and really diving into that curriculum and again, sitting in it and being hungry for more information and taking that information and looking up even further ideas and then taking that to my community and also using it in my own day-to-day life has it's just changed how I feel about how I can empower myself, how I can empower others and the journey I'm kind of like setting myself on to live the healthiest version and the happiest version of me. It's exciting. Yeah, I think you just touched on it there and I believe you mentioned it to me before. Do you go back and review your ISSA course materials? I do. Actually, I have the nutritionist textbook still on my nightstand. Because I just find the way a food impacts us to be so fascinating and with type 1 diabetes, we have to give what's called a bolus. So that is a delivery of insulin. We have to give a bolus for basically everything that we eat and learning how to deliver that accurately can be very challenging and it takes what we call trial and error and different foods impact our bodies and foods coupled with other types of foods can impact our body differently as well and getting over that food fear was huge for me because I want to be able to eat and enjoy food and as someone who lifts weights, I also need to be able to properly fuel my body the right way and hit the macros that I've determined our best for me. So understanding and referencing back to that curriculum kind of helps remind me like how my body is working in an amazing way and I've been able to lean into that more to help support me in my in my T1D management. Great. I saw someone comment in here earlier that they're taking the glutes specialist course right now. I'd like to see the different courses that you're currently enrolled in or you've completed at ISSA. If you have an ISSA third drop it in the comments we'd love to show you out. Yeah. But Amanda, I know we're kind of going in really niche on type 1 diabetes because that is your experience and that's what your focus is. But for someone who again may not have that focus but has that passion for fitness overall but is a little bit on the fence right now about like is ISSA right for me like do you have what would you say to them? I would say that for me the way that I learn I like a mix of visuals and graphs and also like specific data. So I like a zoomed out view and a zoomed in view and I think the ISSA curriculum really hit the nail on the head for me. So if you are thinking about doing it I think you should just go for it. Whether or not you decide you want to take that career into the place you thought you might you might want to take it in a different place. You never know but having that information like I said before is so empowering and I think the way the curriculum is executed within the programs that ISSA offer is really well done. It was beneficial to me. It allowed me to feel like I could pause when I needed to pause reference back in an easy way. There's a lot of videos to refer to. So it's a good mix of different types. So I think regardless of the way you learn you will be able to go through the curriculum and feel like you're making a connection if that makes sense. There is a question in the comments. How long did it take you to complete the nutrition coach course? I think three months. Okay and that was similarly going through seasons of that or was that just saying I'm doing it in it weekend. Do you really remember? That was a little bit more concentrated and I did do that one on nights and weekends. Okay. Well I want to be mindful of time. I know I said I was only going to take a few minutes of your day. I'm so grateful for this Amanda for anyone following. Is it okay if they wanted to reach out to you by DMs? If they had any follow-up questions for you? Yeah absolutely. You can find me on Instagram at bowless and biceps. Please feel free to reach out to me via DM. I'd love to answer your questions. Help encourage you share about how you know ISSA has empowered me and how much I really enjoy the curriculum. Maybe help you decide which program might be good for you. I definitely read through all of them to help decide what works for me. I have been looking at what I want to do next to be honest and we'll see. I do want to share one comment that I see. It says, I'm wondering, you just confirmed I am on the right path in changing careers. Going for my CPT and nutrition certification. You made me cry tears of joy as I am in account of. Thank you so much. Yeah! There is room for fitness in addition to whatever you're currently doing. If you are in account or whatever you said before nine to five job is you don't have to give that up to make space for fitness and nutrition in your life. There can be room for both but maybe you feel inspired to shift what your focus is. But I would encourage anybody out there to start. Just start today. Why not? It's their life. You said you said inspired right there and that's what we're here every Friday to discuss. We're here to share inspiring stories like Amanda with communities on Instagram live and we encourage you if you're interested in ISSA send us a DM visit us online. Reach out to Amanda and we look forward to seeing you back here next Friday when we'll be interviewing another ISSA grad and sharing their inspirational story. Thanks Amanda. Have a great weekend. Thanks, can we talk to you? Bye!