I will say this, the most important players for muscle mass are even just one night getting you know four hours of sleep for example versus eight can lead to a pre-diabetic looking levels of blood glucose. If you get up the next day and the last thing you want to do is exercise, it's exactly what you need to do even just 10 minutes. But there's an enzyme inside that is in some foods and very high in bananas. One of the highlights for me every single month is my question and answer session. Premium members log in and submit their most burning questions either in advance or during the session and I do my best to answer each of them for over an hour, every month. Frankly, part of what I love about it so much is that it's something new every time. What supplements I'm taking this week? Sometimes painfully specific questions about new studies we talk about biomarkers, my takeaways from conversations with experts and so much more. The point is, I'm already following your lead. What do you want to hear about? So if you haven't considered joining the found my fitness premium membership, I want to encourage you to do so and to join my next live Q&A session. And don't worry if you missed a Q&A, we send out the recording with highly detailed notes so you never miss a moment. If you become a member, that's not the only benefit you get. We also have a premium members only podcast called the Aliquat. The Aliquat podcast has all our normal episodes you've come to love, the Q&A series, and one more type of episode called an Aliquat. Aliquats are curated episodes that summarize the major takeaways from every episode of the found my fitness podcast in one place. Each Aliquat focuses on a single topic, compiling insights from guest interviews, my solo episodes past Q&As and I add some commentary. So if you've ever wondered what's been said about the effects of dietary fat or sex hormones or any number of things, the Aliquat is for you. This is an incredibly valuable resource and we now have over 100 Aliquats available to members. Finally, members also get a twice a month science digest newsletter where I share the latest on what my team and I have been reading, including all the up to minute science you could ask for. So what are you waiting for? Become a premium member today. Join my next Q&A, get access to the Aliquat and the science digest and help me continue my quest to make found my fitness into one of the highest quality informational resources available for scientific evidence space, helps man promoting strategies anywhere. Learn more about that at foundmyfitness.com For slash premium, PREM I UM premium. I'll see you there.