you know, the series of papers, bribed in between a mid-Aufus group, I think with a landmark papers in this field, they were the ones that did the showing there's an enhanced protein synthetic response to amino acid infusion with omega-3s and they replicated that in younger people and all the people. If you look at the difference that the omega-3s had on the point since that's a cross-punch of thinking there's no way like that is, that is huge. And then they followed it up with another study in younger people, the kind of let a lot of credence to it and then they followed it up with a longer trudinal feed and I think it was six months of two grams per day of EPA and DHA and the changes there were quite significant I believe it was in, I believe it was mass, a multi-shore strength and at that point you're like wow okay, we now I need to see that warm lab, it's a really strong lab, very well respected, high quality work, well still a great then published the paper with acrylic, similar participant cohort, similar duration and replicated what had been shown by potato-mitten-dolphins groups and then you think okay there's something really going on here and then we've seen the protection against issues, archafean in your women. So there's now this growing body of evidence that suggests that omega-3s are on a ballic and they seem to be on a ballic particularly in older adults not just from a protein synthetic point of view but also from the perspective of kind of mitigating the declines in muscle, muscle and size. Today's episode will cover something profound, something a little unexpected which is yet another role for omega-3 fatty acids. We are not going to talk about brain function, cardio-bastula-risk and surprisingly not even that much about inflammation. Instead we're going to dive deep into the world of omega-3 fatty acids and they're impact on muscle health and the role of omega-3 for disused atrophy and perhaps even a role in building muscle. Picture this scenario, you've injured your leg or you've had a surgery and your leg or legs have been immobilized for weeks. As the cast comes off or as you're able to walk again you notice a significant loss in muscle mass and strength. Even if you're otherwise young and healthy as little as two weeks could result in nearly 15% loss in the cross-sectional area of your quadricep muscle. This is devastating but even more so if you're an elderly person. This kind of event can trigger a downward spiral and a crossing of a disability threshold. A point at which physical function has become so severely impaired that it now undermines the daily activities that ordinarily would prevent even greater muscle loss. Once this threshold is crossed it leads to a catabolic crisis. This state perpetuates the body's breakdown of muscle progressing catastrophically towards mortality. But consider if in that same scenario you could cut that disused muscle atrophy nearly in half. This is where the research of Dr. Chris McLeory on omega-3 fatty acids and muscle mass could offer a potential solution. In this episode we'll explore omega-3's impact on muscle mass, protein synthesis and mitochondrial function. We'll be exploring the potential benefits of omega-3 fatty acids for enhancing muscle protein synthesis, especially in response to protein consumption. This process can be diminished during periods of disuse and becomes particularly important as we age. We'll discuss if this effect could improve muscle protein synthesis even when dietary protein intake is less than ideal. A situation particularly relevant for many older adults. As we age, our protein intake tends to decrease and our ability to respond to dietary protein and amino acids through muscle protein synthesis weekends. These factors contribute to sarcopenia which is characterized by the loss of muscle mass in older age. Omega-3's potential to enhance muscle protein synthesis in response to suboptimal protein intake could be especially beneficial for older adults who often experience both insufficient protein intake and a reduced ability to effectively respond to it. A phenomenon known as anabolic resistance. Dr. McLeory's findings may be applicable to anyone experiencing muscle disuse, but they may hold particular significance for older individuals. His latest research aims to figure out what the optimal dose and duration of omega-3 supplementation is for muscle health. His new trial will examine muscle protein breakdown and the effects of omega-3's on mitochondria, potentially leading to exciting clinical applications for those experiencing age-related muscle loss or periods of disuse. What is also exciting is the part of this discussion on how omega-3 may improve muscle strength and walking performance in older individuals, especially when combined with resistance training. In other words, it's possible that omega-3 rather than just fighting disuse atrophy may actually improve our overall muscle protein synthesis response and thereby enhance our muscles' ability to grow. Yet to be determined, this effect could be general or might better apply to specific situations where dietary protein intake is slightly below ideal. Even temporarily. If so, omega-3 might not only be anti-cathabolic, but potentially actively anabolic in these contexts. Now, let's be real in a world where the recommended daily allowance for protein intake could be 50% higher and still not fully optimal for hypertrophy, any effect that makes sub-optimal protein intake a bit less sub-optimal would be appreciated. And what about those days when you're swamped or forget to refuel? All of these scenarios, whether ongoing or temporary, might be relevant. While we need more evidence to back the exciting possibility, it opens up an intriguing new area of omega-3 research that Dr. McGlorie is exploring. So whether you're an older adult looking to maintain muscle mass, someone recovering from an injury or anticipating some planned downtime like a surgery, or simply curious about the latest breakthroughs in muscle health, this episode is packed with invaluable insights. Join us as we explore the power of omega-3 fatty acids on a whole new frontier, which is their ability to enhance muscle preservation and recovery. Before we dive into this conversation, one last thing I want to mention is that the doses used to demonstrate the impressive anti-attrophy effects we discussed today were relatively high. As this is an emerging field, the optimal dose is still under investigation. Just to give you a little context in Dr. McGlorie's 2019 study, participants receive a total of five grams of omega-3 per day. This dosage is approximately one gram per day higher than prescription omega-3 used to treat high triglycerides, and roughly three grams per day higher than the amount of omega-3 most people in the United States would need on a daily basis to achieve a higher omega-3 index, which is around two grams per day. It is thought that between 80 and 90 percent of people, especially in the United States, would benefit from higher omega-3 intake. All right, I'm sure you've had enough preamble, so let's get to this interview with Dr. Chris McGlorie. Hi, everyone. I'm sitting here with Dr. Chris McGlorie, who is an assistant professor at Queen's University. He researches the influence of omega-3 fatty acids on muscle mass, protein synthesis, and mitochondrial function. Chris, thank you so much for coming on this show. I have really been looking forward to having this conversation with you. With sort of fires me up about the opportunity to chat with you is the fact that your work brings together two fields in a sort of surprising but exciting, converging way. So I've had the great privilege of having on the show some great minds and muscle biology and exercise physiology, such as Dr. Brad Schoenfeld, Dr. Stuart Phillips, whom you trained with. I've also talked quite a bit about omega-3 fatty acids on the show, and your work brings together, basically, these two fields by showing omega-3 fatty acids, they have a role in both preserving and supporting muscle. So I'm really happy to dig into that with you today, and I don't know maybe we can kick things off. You can kind of talk a little bit about how you ended up here and perhaps some of the work that led up to your current investigation, looking at omega-3, and it's prevention of disused activity. Yes, sure. And thanks for having me on. I've been pretty excited to talk to you about this. It's an area that's obviously very close to my heart, and I enjoy talking about it. So really I kind of started off with my research kind of career, so to speak in Liverpool, John Moじ University, where I worked under the supervision of James Morton and Graham Close, where we really looked at kind of a plight sports science and looking at nutritional inventions in that context. But my really interesting was in muscle protein metabolism, and James was suggesting to me, you know, if you really wanted to dig into this area, you kind of need to learn how to use stable isotope traces. And at that time Kevin Tipton, who many of the listeners may know who's an expert in protein metabolism, he just got a job in sterling in Scotland, and how to a PhD advertised to where he was going to train somebody to use stable isotopes in the context of human skeletal muscle. So I applied and I was very lucky I got that position to work with Kevin and somebody called Stuart Galaway. And essentially what my wanted to do is to look at how protein ingestion can affect skeletal muscle. And you know, some of the classic work that you know, Stuart had done with done more where they looked at those responses. And I wanted to kind of expand and learn a little bit more about that. But when I got to sterling, I had a meeting with Kevin and Stuart, and what they said to me was, you know, we've got the Institute of Aquaculture here, and this is kind of like a European centre for the analysis of lipids in fish basically. In aquaculture, and you were interested in looking at how different lipids in a meager three, the fact skeletal muscle in you can use stable isotopes and that context. And I actually thought, you know, I've read the proposal that they wrote. And I thought, you know, this is really interesting. You know, it's a new angle and you way of looking at skeletal muscle at different, you know, nutritional intervention. So with a specific focus on a meager three, so we did a couple of studies. The first one, you know, was a time course change in muscle lipid profiles. And then a study using traces to measure muscle print synthesis with a meager three intake and exercise. And I really enjoyed my time, though. We learned a lot. I think we did some good work. But then, during the time that I was in in sterling, we collaborate with Stuart Phillips to do the the isotope analysis on his mass specs. And I came to Canada. And whilst I was here, I was really impressed with the lab and and master as a whole. And Dr Phillips, the time was moving towards a clinical setting with muscle loss, muscle discusen aging. And I thought to myself, you know, I'd be really interested to see how a meager three, you know, are influencing the response in a clinical setting, not necessarily in just healthy younger people. So I was looking enough to be afforded the opportunity to be mental by Stuart. And he invited me over and was like, yeah, let's, you know, I'm willing to support you in your Omega three work. And, you know, we can look at some studies and designing some studies with specific focus on, you know, Omega three's and muscle loss. And at the coincidentally at the same time, Graham Holloway, who is a Gwell-Fuiser and expert in mitochondrial biology, had done some work in Omega three's as well. And at the time, and this was around 2014, it was a growing literature that might be a congerer, which I at the time, you not much about at all, was regulating some of the processes and muscles. So I thought, you know, well, why don't we team up with Graham as well? So essentially that kind of led to the study where we did the Omega three feeding with immobilization in young women and teamed up with Graham and his student Paul and meata where they took the mitochondrial angle and we published those two papers. So that's a very long-winded answer to your short question, but hopefully that gives you some insight into how I ended up hearing. And then when I finished my postdoc at JobCable for Queens and I applied for it and luckily got it and now we've set up the lab to really take the work forward and to expand our on what we've already done with Omega three's and human scale at Omosil. No, that's really interesting story. And I wonder if you hadn't had that aquaculture sort of that little exposure there where, you know, that was part of the story, like would you have come across Omega three, like, was it even being studied in the literature? I remember way back when I gosh, I mean it was maybe I was a postdoc, maybe I was finished in graduate school, I don't remember, but it was a study I'd read and I think it was like horses and muscle mass or something and old study. Yeah. Yeah, is that bringing about like so basically wondering would you like would you have come across Omega three, like studying Omega three in a troll and muscle? Do you think that's something you would have just come across just by reading, you know, the literature? I may have come across it, but I didn't think it would have picked my interest like it did because Kevin and Stuart were very, Stuart gallery at the time as it started, they're very passionate about the topic and, you know, it was a natural link with aquaculture and I think the study may not be horse, it may be horses, but the one I can think of is in growing stairs and it was out of level where they fed growing stairs, the Omega three's, the infused them and and shown how it affected a whole body protein balance and that was the first study and then the second one was by Petita Mitten, Dolphins group and in humans and they were the two key studies that were in the proposal like Kevin and Stuart had put together and got funding for with aquaculture. So whether I'd have gone in that direction, I don't think so. I think it's thanks to those guys and Sterling that I really started to jump on this bandwagon and just become fascinated. I think the other element was when I was training at John Mors and doing sports science, it was hammered home to learn metabolism as an integrated approach not just, protein by itself for carbohydrates, how lipids carbohydrates and proteins interact in performance against that backdrop. I really was very interested in understanding how lipids specifically Omega three fight acids interact in older protein metabolism in human muscle. Well, I'm certainly glad you ended up where you are today. I grew with you 100% it is extremely fascinating and as I think we both agree, also quite important for a public health standpoint. So leading up to the muscle disuse atrophy, can you talk about what that is, what are some of the mechanisms underlying it, and what circumstances can it be actually life threatening? Sure. So I think most people who've had a cast or a brace on my arm, you apply it and then after six weeks you get it cut off and you know, if you're like me, after after you've got a skinny hairy arm and you've got a quite an obvious loss of muscle air and also muscle strength and it's a point of, maybe not as a point of attention anymore, but you know, one of the reasons that we think that occurs is because there's a reduction in the rate at which we create new muscle proteins in the form of muscle protein synthesis. So when you reduce muscle protein synthesis in both the faster-dandin response to amino acids, it leads to a negative balance of skeletal muscle over time that kind of reduces the size of muscle that you have. So you know, for younger folks, it's probably, you know, it's not nice to have a cast or to have an injury, but we can recover from, I say, we, but generally the younger folks can recover from that relatively quickly with some rehabilitation of exercise and adequate nutrition. I think it becomes a little bit more of a problem as you get older, particularly for all the adult, particularly for all the adult who are going into surgery or who have had surgery, because you know, that rapid loss of muscle may not always come back to baseline in the older folks. And I think, you know, I've heard this before, I want to be all podcast, I believe with the jurors that, you know, when it's called the Catabolic Crisis Model that was coined by the late Doug Pagan Jones and Kirk English, but essentially if the more insults that older people have with those periods of inactivity and immobilization, they lose the muscle, it may not come back and then they lose a little bit more and all of a sudden you reach a threshold beyond which, you know, can't perform activities of daily living, you know, you just don't have that muscle or that muscle, muscle, muscle strength to be able to perform things like going for a walk or going to the shops or being able to, you know, go to the bathroom independently and essentially you lose those activities of independent living, which is not really good for older people. And we also know that, muscle strength in and of itself and to some degree, muscle size is a predictor of our course mortality and disability. So losing muscle in those situations is not necessarily a good thing to talk. So you mentioned something really important and, you know, in the case of, you know, for me, it was quite educational that the loss of muscle protein or the decrease in muscle protein synthesis seems to be the major driver of this, you know, disuse muscle disuse atrophy. Why is, or is, let's say you could take in an optimal amount of essential amino acids that are required to stimulate muscle protein synthesis, is that enough to prevent muscle disuse atrophy and if not like why? No, it's not, I think the main message share is that you really can't out-nutrition physically, in activity or mobilization. It can mitigate the decline so it could take the edge off. So increasing the overall dose and quality of protein nutrition, particularly the essential amino acids may protect against the decline to some degree, but it's never going to completely, you know, debate the decline. It's only going to be partially protective and one of those, we still don't really know the reasons as to what we know that there's a decline in protein synthesis, but we don't know at the molecular level exactly why it is that the body can't mount that adequate for instantetic response to feeding and it's also down in the faster state as well. So simply consuming higher amounts of essential amino acids may be partially protective and is a particularly loosing and the branch chain amino acid loosing and essentially it may be partially protective against the decline to muscle muscle, but it's not entirely effective and it certainly isn't entirely effective protecting against the decline and strength, which is oftentimes what we really care about. So it's, you know, but the issue there is, you know, you can, if you can certainly perform some kinds of contraction or activity, if you're sick or you're well to some degree, but if you're going through surgery and you're lying in a hospital bed and you're really sick or you're in ICU, for example, you know, you're not going to be performing contraction there, the nutrition is the only real way that we can target, um, protect and not decline and muscle muscle again. It sounds the question, it's only partially protective, it doesn't completely block a block the declines and muscle. But you kind of brought up another interesting point and that is, so you're talking about this muscle disuse in response to basically maybe a surgery, perhaps illness, bad rest, I mean, this is like a prolonged type of immobilization, right? What's the difference with respect to disuse after-feet when you're having a prolonged type of immobilization like you described, maybe you have a cast or a bed rest or surgery, illness perhaps, but or just like reduced physical activity. I mean, there people go through these periods where life, you know, work, load, you know, children, like things happen where your exercise routine, your physical activity goes down. And I mean, the pandemic would be obviously the biggest example of that, obviously we're in the pandemic anymore, but it's a good example of reduced physical activity. How does what's the difference between like the disuse, atrophy, how it's affected basically between those types of immobilization periods? Yeah, that's a great question. So we've recently just published a metronauticic, Nick Purie-Presentsky, led that and we looked at the decline in muscle, mass and size and healthy people and, um, I'm what Nick did is he looked at, you know, differentiate between not to seven days, seven to 14 and 14 onwards and this isn't generally healthy people. And what we found that there was a rapid decline after seven days, a great decline or further decline from seven to 14, then it tapered out. Now, this is in in healthy people. And then in in in people who are compromised or, you know, are actually going through surgery, these declines can even be greater. But what we do know is that the clients would complete in activity, um, almost of the shoes. They curve very, very rapidly within the first seven days. You can see upwards of, you know, sometimes up towards a seven to maybe even 10% loss and size and mass. But something that is not as often studied is like you just said those periods of in activity in which you're not completely immobile. But you are reducing your say daily step count and as you said the pandemic is a great example of that. And we've done a couple of studies that did the studies that is a postdoc with with Tana Stokes, um, when we were in Stu Phillips's lab where we subjected all the people to reduce daily step count. I believe it was below a thousand steps per day and that kind of mimicked what people would experience during say the pandemic, um, when they were being quarantined for two weeks or, you know, influenza or the step count typically experienced in hospital. And what we found was that there was a downregulation of protein synthesis. And this was in all the pre-diabetic populations. And it wasn't fully recovered after two weeks to return to activities. So, you know, we had a baseline period for around five days and then it was a two week reduction to below a thousand steps per day. And then, you know, back to normal recovery levels of step count and the pre-insynthetic response hadn't managed to recover to its baseline. And we also noticed that indices of insulin sensitivity and internal resistance have been compromised and weren't coming back. And this paper was published in 2017. So it's kind of prescient that we then have you know, the pandemic come in in which rightly so is, you know, we're being told you could quarantine for two weeks to mitigate the spread. But I think one thing that's been missed there is that the may well have been some negative effects that they might not be as great in magnitude as better as to complete immobilization. But there's certainly penitutes in nature and that they are imposing a negative, certainly metabolic effect on a downregulation of protein synthesis. Now certainly they would recover if you extend the measurement out to six weeks. But if you go back to what I said at the start about that catabolic crisis model, maybe the decline in it is not as great. But it's still another insult. It's still another contribution to that kind of staircase downward staircase pattern. And then if you think, you know, I moved to Canada nine years ago and the winters here, a certainly not as warm as not as mild as they are at home. And, you know, when you're in minus 20 and all the people are a little bit scared to go outside, they don't go walking outside like they normally do this stay inside in their home so, you know, their step count is reduced and so anyway, to call a kind of long story short there is they're negative, they're not as bad necessarily as complete to choose. But they may actually occur with more frequency, time complete immobilization, which I think is an important point as well. Yeah and you brought up a really good point there with the season all effect because I think it's probably people are probably at least experiencing some to some degree of this to use after-free without even really realizing it because, you know, if you think of muscle to use after-free, you think of it as being like severely immobilized, at least, you know, typically I think that's one of the most people are thinking about where they're just in a cast or they're injured, you know, bad rest. But they're not thinking of, oh winter time when I'm not going out and doing my outside, you know, activities as much. And that is actually a really good point because I think it's common even in places that do have more mild winters. People get, you know, they basically just don't go outside even when it's, you know, not quite as cold but just a little bit colder, you know, I know myself included. Fortunately, I have got indoor cycles and stuff that I like, you know, think are just, I think their life-changing and life-saving, honestly. But you talked about this catabolic crisis and it kind of leads into the disability threshold. What is that and how many periods of this inactivity or mobilization does it typically take for a person to get there? Yeah, I think it's difficult to provide a, like, a quantitative number on this of like, you know, new to meet a strength or, you know, size of muscle or volume of muscle. I think it's a kind of a theoretical constructive. We all know there's probably a threshold of muscle mass and strength that I would require to get out of this chip or to, you know, walk from here to the end of the road, unassisted. And, you know, when I require a assistant or somebody would require a assistant, I would say that that is that threshold where you require help to get around. Now, you know, you could start off with a fair bit of muscle, but over time, you know, with those repeated insults, that is when, you know, an an an an an an an adequate recovery. The more that they occur within a in the space of time, the quicker the trajectory is going to be to bridge that time at which you are not able to perform activity if they deliver. And, like I said in the younger folks, it's not too much of an issue, but, you know, you could imagine as you get older, we have soccer pinia, which is, you know, the loss of muscle mass and strength, more function. And when you super impose physical inactivity onto the biological decline and muscle mass and strength of the soccer pinia, you can see how it can really accelerate, you know, the negative effects of muscle loss and strength as we age. So, I think putting a number on it will be very difficult. I think the message will be very much, you know, try to stay as physically active as possible throughout life. And, you know, we really can't avoid. Sometimes you go out your place, but you get injured. If somebody goes out and they walk, they slip, they fall, they may need a knee replacement. I think it's just about, you know, preparing as best as you can for that insult, you know, like a surgery as essentially an insult to your body, you know, so, you know, it's, it's a challenge and to prepare yourself for that, not just recovery, but also going into that situation to make sure you're in the best possible shape that you can be into the help you recover when you come out. Well, there's obviously a need for investigating, you know, additional nutritional interventions to perhaps, you know, help mitigate some of this disuse atrophy, which leads to the omega 3, the role of omega 3 in this. And, you've investigated the effects of high dose omega 3 fatty acids supplementation on muscle disuse atrophy and young women. This is a, I mean, at this study was extremely interesting to me, but I'd love if you could share a little bit about the study that you did, maybe the protocol used and describe some of the key findings of that study. Sure, yeah. So, it kind of maybe just a little bit of brief background, as, you know, as we, we knew at the time, that, you know, the decline of muscle mass with inactivity was due to the desensitization of muscle to the provision of amino acids, so that, you know, the normal proteins and synthetic responses declined in their fall leading to a loss of muscle mass. A paper being published by Bettina Mittendoff is group shown that if you feed omega 3 fatty acids to all the people then infuse amino acids, it can enhance the sensitivity of muscle tissue to the provision of those amino acids. So, somehow, you know, omega 3s were being incorporated into muscle and rendering muscle more atobocally sensitive to the provision of amino acids. So, we thought, well, you know what, if that's what's happening in that situation, maybe in a period of disuse, in which desensitization of the muscle, we could restore that feed at a normal protein diet and see if we can mitigate the decline. So, using a protocol that we'd worked on in Scotland where we, we knew it took around four weeks of high dose omega 3s to see a substantial increase in omega 3 profile of the muscle. We loaded young women up in either control or they omega 3s for four weeks, and then we subjected them to single leg immobilization. So, basically, one leg was put in a brace. And then after two weeks, we allowed them just to, you know, go and recover, do it normally did. So, it was, it was no active rehabilitation. It was just passive recovery. And throughout the protocol, we took measurements of muscle size by MRI, you know, before, after immobilization and in two weeks after recovery, we took biopsies to measure changes in protein synthesis, the expression of genes, and also some of that muscle went to Graham Holloway's lab with Paula where they did some mitochondrial analysis to see whether there's any kind of link. And what we really found was it was very surprising to us. You know, it was seemed that the omega 3s were completely protective, at least from a mass point of view, and they took the edge off the decline in muscle size as measured by MRI. So, those omega 3s have been incorporated into the muscle of the participants. There was no change in omega 3 content and the control group I should expect, because there was real omega 3 fiasis in that supplement. And, you know, there was that protection. And then the important thing, I think, when we look at it, is that actually it helped the people in omega 3 group recover their muscle earlier than the people in the control group. So, if you kind of think about that catabolic crisis model where we've got that decline and then failed recovery, and this is not all the people, maybe we could actually increase that trajectory back to recovery. And this is kind of where I think the omega 3s may be very important. And from a mechanistic point of view, we used duty to assess rates of muscle protein synthesis, and consistent with the previous work by Petitimate and Dolphaz group in Gordon Smith. We found that in the omega 3 group, there was higher rates of protein synthesis, which would kind of again corroborate the mechanisms of action of omega 3s, which is to enhance the praise and that it corresponds to daily protein feeding. This is such important, like research in my opinion, I think, so my question, I have multiple questions, but one is if omega 3 is sort of lessening the decrease in muscle protein synthesis during disuse. In other words, like I guess sensitizing in a way, the muscle tissue to the amino acids for muscle protein synthesis. Do you think that could be extended to conditions perhaps that are not just full out in mobilization, but just where people are taking in lower amounts of protein? So do you think that perhaps you could get more bang for your buck with your protein intake by potentially also taking in higher dose omega 3 fatty acids? Yeah, and again, that's a great point. It's something that was so we, I think, mean you've talked about this, you know, our ferris, that we did a paper in younger people in Scotland where we hid fed them with omega 3 fatty acids and then gave them a dose of protein. And we didn't really see too much of a fact. There was a bit of a trend, but it was statistically non-significant. It was a proof of concept study more than the Nathaniel, so we may have been on the powered with the design. But looking back, we actually gave the participants a saturating dose of protein. We gave them 30 grams of protein, which we know maximally saturates the response. And so that we thought about was maybe if we'd given less protein and given, you know, and allow the or provided an opportunity or, you know, we didn't hit the ceiling with the person that a response would support it. And just when we dropped it down and gave an opportunity if you didn't make it three fatty acids to work, maybe we would have seen an effect. Now, the question then becomes, so why don't you just take protein, which is a legitimate and question we don't need to take omega 3s, but if you are somebody who's elderly and you don't want to consume or you can't consume large amounts of protein or if in fact you're in hospital and we know in hospital they are typically protein protein malnourished. It's not, you know, you don't go to hospital for a dinner, you know, it's a place where, you know, the quality of the food is not necessarily as good as it could be. Maybe in that particular situation is where we could see the effectiveness of the omega 3s is just to potentially the normal response to low dose protein and take, but to my knowledge there's no studies that have actually addressed that particular question. I mean, hopefully, you know, what that'll change in the future, you know, like if you were to give the, you know, essential amino acids or protein, you know, in the form of protein, you know, with the omega 3s at what, like would there be even a more robust effect, perhaps that not the saturating effect, like the 30 grams, but maybe, you know, 20 or 15 grams, like would you, it'd be interesting to see how the muscle protein synthesis response in skeletal muscle is affected by that. So, you also mentioned that your study examined, you know, the expression of genes associated with the skeletal muscle protein turnover in amino acid transport. I think it's a very interesting area when we, when we dive into mechanism, I'd love to dive a little bit further, but what were your observations in that study? Yes, so, you know, the first thing I want to say as well is that, you know, the study we did with the, in the facem jay paper, you know, it's the, I think the first one in humans with complete immobilization. So, you know, the jewelry still are we'd like to see a corroborated in different laboratories with different populations, but in and of itself it's still exciting. I think that where there comes to the, the amino acid transport mechanism, you know, we see these effects of the protein synthesis, no, the sodium agon, wow, how is this happening? Like, what's going on? And I did notice a paper in actual pigs where they'd seen a meager three firecited altered the gene expression of an amino acid transport called a LAT1. And we thought maybe actually this could be one of the mechanisms that we saw in explaining the enhanced protein synthesis and protection of muscle loss in our paper. It was a secondary analysis, so it wasn't a primary outcome, but we probed for changes in in LAT1 gene expression. So that's a amino acid transport for branch chain amino acid loosening. And we, we didn't, we found a trend for an treatment effect, which essentially was that there was a trend for an increased neemaker three, but again, there's some caveat there, one, we're on the powered secondly, it's the gene, not the protein. And also, you know, you can have an increase in protein content, but is the protein functional? You know, is it, is it working more efficiently? So we don't know the answer to those questions. I'm not too sure, the amino acid transport is the mechanism. I'm, I'd be, I'd first, I did, but I've become less convinced of that as times gone on, but it's something that we, we did see a trend of a treatment effect. Yeah. And I think, there's, there's a little bit of a tangent I'm going to go on, but because the part of the, like, I know we've talked about this, you know, the accumulation of omega-3 fatty acids in the cell membranes, the lipid membranes. Yeah. It does change transporter receptors that are embedded in those cell membranes. It changes their structure and function. So I'm a lot more familiar with the research in rodents looking at transports more in the brain, you know, and if you, for example, like cause DHA deficiency in rodents, you will significantly alter at the protein level. The trans, like the gluten one transporters that are responsible for transporting glucose across the blood-brain barrier. And so it's interesting, you looked at the gene and not protein because I would think that protein level would be more important if you're thinking of a sort of cell membrane fluidity where, you know, the effects have to do with, you know, the transporters function and human structure and levels in the actual cell membrane. So it's kind of interesting. Yeah. I'd be honest, at the time, I think we did, I cast about my mind. We did do some, we did measure the protein. But the antibody for human scale at most all at the time is terrible. So, you know, I think most actually a self-indamored work on this, when I first came to Canada, using like positive and negative controls to try to, you know, look at the Latin one protein expression in human scale of insulin. And it's certainly improved recently. They've certainly improved the antibody and all that. But at the time it was a bit of a nightmare to tease out. So the antibody for human muscle was very, very difficult to get working. So I think it's certainly improved now. The ones that are out there, but we looked at the blood when we were working with the protein and it was just something that is, you couldn't really hang your hat on at that stage, but maybe in the future, you know, with some more work we could probe that on in muscle visual. Yeah, that would be interesting. I mean, obviously, only as, so it is good as a sensitivity of the technique and techniques and tools you're using. Do you think that so has anyone else looked at whether or not omega 3's have an effect on disuse atrophy in males or in older adults where disuse, disuse, atrophy can be more catastrophic, as you mentioned? Not to my knowledge in terms of disuse atrophy. There was one study with intermittent arm mobilization and mixed co-hop, but with intermittent arm mobilization, I don't know really what you control from a conclusion. In terms of older people with a mobilization omega 3's not to my knowledge, I only, the only other study that I'm aware of with this is in rodents where they've fed with a high-fifacial diet and they protected against disuse atrophy in that context and that was one of the reasons that we decided to pursue in humans. But certainly in men know and one of the reasons we chose women is firstly there's not a lot of research out there in general and women's secondly, they're more susceptible to ACL injuries. So it's a risk population and thirdly there was some evidence that the omega 3's were more effective in women done in men. Instead of jumping straight into a study in older women where, it is a bit risky, we've said they don't recover, we thought we'd start in younger women. So the next logical extension is again to follow this up in potentially older women and older men who are actually going through surgery, not just the partner brace on them. I have another question to kind of related to one of my previous questions about the sensitization how omega 3 may be sensitizing skeletal muscle to essential amino acids, through whatever, whatever combined mechanisms. Do you think that with respect to older adults and the anabolic resistance that they basically have, so they become less sensitive to the amino acids? Do you think that there may be a role for omega 3 in perhaps even anabolic resistance by enhancing the response to amino acids in skeletal muscle to an older adult? I think the jury's still out very much so in this regard, there are a couple of papers that have shown you know if you feed omega 3's that improves muscle mass. There's metvenal disease support in this but the exact mechanism I'm not exactly convinced of yet. In terms of you know the effective omega 3's I think if it depends upon omega 3 status as well of people. So if you've got people who are already got a higher omega 3 status say, you know, their EPA plus DHA composition of the blood is around 8% or more something like that. You know, is the effectiveness of feeding omega 3's really going to be detectable but compared to people who have less than 4% in the blood. I think in my mind it's you know with the designs and things we've talked about is it's contact specific. I would suggest that you would have more of a chance of detecting an effective omega 3's if they had a lower omega 3 status and they also had a generally lower protein diet. So the synergistic effect of increasing omega 3, phospholipid membrane content or muscle content or composition in combination with the increased protein intake would potentially be additive or or have a synergistic effect. More so compared to people who have already have a higher omega 3 status. It might be the you know, if you've already consuming around 1.6 grams per kg of protein is really increasing that to two going to have that much more of an effect when you're training probably not. So I think you know what if you're in the lower amount or you're deficient that's when you're likely to see the effect. I think and most people most people are not getting an F omega 3 like that's that's pretty pretty well known and also most people are you know that with the protein intake too. I mean I think I think especially older adults as you mentioned it just becomes more difficult to like chew and you know they're just not as hungry and there's lots of reasons why they're not consuming as much protein. What do you think? What do you think it's going to take to get more studies on omega 3's role and disuse atrophy in you know different you know and men women across the lifespan and but you know getting this into clinical practice. Like what do you think it's going to take? Like is there more research on it? The show answer was money like and you know these studies cost money and they end at a day like you know you could to do the high quality RCTs in these populations you know requires you know obviously good research team but also we need we need obviously support them with the fun and we've been very lucky and that we've you know been quite successful with a few grants recently but I think what we would need is a high quality of evidence where we're starting to produce the real strong well-designed RCTs that then you know will feed into good high quality meta-analysis and then when we start to see the you know the changes or the potential benefits that have derived from meta-analysis related to then maybe that will alter prescription or how we approach you know nutrition and those particular settings but in terms of you know doing the studies obviously it's just just one isn't it you know to be able to conduct them and making sure you've got the appropriate techniques and and research personnel. So to kind of shift gears a little bit more into looking at omega 3 in skeletal muscle skeletal muscle mass and strength also maybe function very interesting that as well you you talked a little bit earlier about looking at omega 3 you know changing the skeletal muscle lipid profile. How long does it take for those changes to occur and do you think that's important for designing a protocol for example like if it's taking a certain amount of time and you're looking for an effect that you need to at least you want the skeletal muscle lipid profile the change before looking at the effect. Yeah that's an excellent question so you know some I don't think the omega 3 is in part our efficacy via the acute ingestion. I think the the way in which they impart their effects is through you know modification of the composition or the lipid composition of the target tissue and in in in skeletal muscle we know say after fart if you take around five grams of omega 3s three grams of EPA two grams of DHA say is a combination you'll probably see a small change after about two weeks in the muscle you see a rapper change in the blood but it takes around four weeks before you start to see that kind of big difference and you know with that dose it typically will level off we've seen it in the facet paper we did with tissue surgery it wasn't you know the primary aim of the paper will between six and eight weeks it seemed to level off and this is in the muscle phospholiproprophal and we did a time close study in in Scotland and Sterling where you know that was whole muscle but it seemed to track the phospholipid fraction relatively well is essentially four weeks before you know you see that kind of significant change and then it platoes off between six and eight weeks so you know it does take time and I believe the mechanism of action is the there's the modulation of the lipid profile and at least you know certainly the phospholipid membrane but also potentially inside the cell itself so it's not something that happens in hours it takes time for it to to be incorporated into the phospholipid membrane of muscle so that seems really important if you are looking at the potentially anabolic effects of omega three on scouts of muscle protein synthesis because if it's taking four weeks and you think the mechanism is more based on the phospholipid you know content in the membranes cell membrane that condol membranes both that that seems like you know people that are doing trials so I noticed in I think it was in your facet paper the tried didn't you do like a pre-loading the retaking omega three before the immobilization yeah four weeks four week lead until we used we did a time custody in younger men when I was installing where we just basically fed young men omega three's and dipiopsies a you know zero well minus two zero so the actors there are internal control and then I believe it was one two in four weeks and we didn't see anything one week but we did it too but the the the GC that we used to measure the lipids is a very precise instrument so whilst you may see a statistical increase the change is probably clinically insignificant but then you know after four weeks is when we start to see a substantial change so you know we use that information to say you know what like let's not head your bets with a two week loading period let's make sure we see a substantial change in the muscle so well there were four week load and then they'll go through a two week period of immobilization I think this is really important because you know notoriously in clinical trials particularly nutrition how you design the trial is so important for the outcome right and it makes all the difference so do you think that people that are going to be repeating these studies are repeating these studies are doing similar studies do you think they're aware of the effects of you know how the the basically how long it takes for the omega three fatty acids being incorporating this all membranes and how that is important in terms of their designing their clinical trials because the last thing you want is all these different protocols and then you have different conflicting results and then everyone's confused right yeah and I think that that's it's a question to get a lot as like is there with those response could you give more in a short period and you know I mean it would be interesting if someone gave an acute you know we start the omega three supplement you know and you see it like and then you see an effect quite immediately you know that would suggest the mechanism of action is not what I'm proposing it is so you know I'll be relatively surprised if that was the case but I think if if we are going to suggest if we are a griable that it is the modulation of the lipid profile that is driving the effects well the modulation of that profile takes weeks at the doses that we typically use so I think from my perspective is if you really if people are going to try to look at the effect it's better off to maybe do that loading face and then titri buckets like why people you do you know you do the cell cultural the rodents where you knock it out knock it at the gene in you know and then you start you you've got this effect you've got the biggest potential chance to see the effect and then you bring it into a more realistic situation is it a case where we you know we do these studies where we do longer longer feeding where we we try to induce a big change in the omega three profile and then you know once we've established that that is the driver mechanism how low can we do you know can we can we drop the change in the in the muscle composition lower and if so could we do a short feeding period or at least loading period you know these are questions that still need to be asked but answered sorry I think a lot of you know because that when most people think of omega three there's there's the anti inflammatory component you know where the metabolites the resolve ends the marisons you know all the SPMs protectens these these are involved in resolving inflammation and that can be quite quick so I mean there's there's some clinical satision that you know these SPMs are you know they're they're in the bloodstream pretty immediately after taking them and they can last like 24 hours so you know people might be looking more at the anti inflammatory hate calling anti inflammatory because it doesn't work the same way as like the typical NSAIDs do right but more of the inflammatory role you know anti inflammatory role of omega three which obviously there's there's a role in you know muscle muscle mass with with respect to inflammatory conditions right so so that also is one one reason why I was thinking why people might just you know be be doing the you know short like they give that they start the immobilization and then they give the omega three at the same time because they're thinking more of the inflammatory effect right versus the the change in the composition of the actual you know skeletal muscle lipid profile so yeah very important to bring up um do you think that so I kind of want to get into the differences between you know gaining muscle mass and gaining muscle strength and why you know it's why is it so difficult for older people to gain muscle mass whereas they can really gain more strength from resistance training so for example like their resistance training right they can get big increases and muscle strength but not as big in mass. Why is that? Yeah I actually to be honest you don't really know the answer to that question um I think my guess would be that older people typically don't engage in exercise that are resistance exercise that often so when they initially begin was training they do see those initial quick quick gains in strength and but what we do know is that older folks tend to believe not just resistant to the anabolic influence of protein or amino acid and gestion or central amino acid and gestion they they seem to be anobocally resistant to um resistant exercise or an acute bowel resistance exercise across like a wide range of loading spectrum so there's one paper out there that has looked at the present that's a response across that and all the people and and seeing it somewhat diminished but you can you know people up to the age of 90 can certainly gain strength when engaging with resistance exercise and I think you know as you get to that age you probably care more about your strength and your functional abilities than you know having a lot of muscle so to speak so um I think why that happens I think it's maybe just because that they don't engage in exercises which resistance exercise so it's detectable earlier um and when you combine that with the fact that there's anabolic resistance uh potential anabolic resistance to training in anobocally itself that may explain why you you can detect these bigger effects of strength or gains and strength compared to mass in in those populations but again it's really not my I would say um not an expert in that area but it would just be a small of an educated guess is there any role for nutrition in gains and strength like amino acid that's an interesting question yes so I think from amino aspect of the I'd say the gains and strength that will be uh for the three amino acids in gestion may well be just fed through increases muscle muscle the small increases are muscle muscle mass that occur and you know I know that there's like a little bit of disconnect between you know changes in mass and strength per se but the gains and strength in that capacity in that role may be because of um the the change in mass but I think if you think about um omega three there's been a couple of papers out there where a strikeries paper that comes to mind from from Glasgow where they fed omega three's to all the people uh during resistance training and found only in women that it enhanced the the strength response um uh to to our period of resistance training in women and that was omega three's there's been all the papers as well one from a group in Brazil again looking at the effect of omega three's with resistance training in all the women showing that it potentially it potentially the strength gains exactly how that works or how that happens that we're not too sure think it may be related to incorporation of DHA into the Milan sheath or into the neural networks that can enhance that strength adaptation but I think that's one of the exciting things about omega three's is that we see this phenotype change but when you look under the hood we don't really know what's going on so I think for a man from an omega three perspective that is something that I think is uh is a very interesting where these studies mostly in older older women yep older men and women for um uh yeah so both both women older people and and there wasn't the strength wasn't uh you didn't see the strength increases in men older men uh not and not well wants to the best study in Brazil other was believed by a redaki in colleagues and that was in a JcN and that that was a female only cohort um so there's no real sex differences there but the study by I think it was the boy and her sugarigress the senior author and students and some excellent work in the series in Glasgow um they found that the effect was more pronounced in women compared to men but you know after talking to a straight it's a case of you know is it you know is it is it a real effect you know is it because the women may not have been um they may have been less trained in the male cohort so that when they engage there was a a bigger responsive that was the case that you'd expect to in both the controlling your omega three so you wouldn't see an effect of omega three so it would suggest that the of the omega three is a haven't an effect there um and I know Stuart has followed a little bit of that work up with um krill oil so it's not just like you know omega three's per se or fish or or Stuart's done some work Stuart Gray with krill oil that is replicated some findings from Bettina Mittendorf's group with increases in strength with omega three sublimitation or size sorry I think there's some exciting work there and it does seem to be that at least the omega three's themselves may be a four-dinger conferring some strength benefits whether it's alone in the absence of resistance training or with resistance training particularly in women. Are there so the sex differences with respect to gaining muscle mass and gaining muscle strength just generally speaking like what what are the sex differences? Well in general and then the next question is about omega three and like I mean I know there is a sex difference with respect to converting the plant omega three the you know plant when you get from plants a a a into EPA and DHA so estrogen really plays a big role in increasing the conversion of into EPA and DHA but I don't know if there's I don't I'm not aware of literature showing specifically if you start with a marine source if you know converting for example EPA into DHA like if there's a role for estrogen in that but yeah off the top my head I really don't know I do know that this bit the ptsip SNP is on particular genes in women that may actually enhance those the conversion of EPA to DHA there's a group into answer that I've done some excellent work there but I'm not off the top my head too familiar I know that you know women or females can convert them more efficiently than then men but how that would feed into you know an improvement in muscle muscle muscle function I'm not too sure and in terms of the gemmel trading adaptations between all a younger there's no difference really from my knowledge in terms of younger men and younger women with the gains despite some dog more out there is that the gains are pretty much quite similar where it comes to all the folks I think the to me it doesn't seem like there is either in that particular and again I'm not a particular expert and I don't believe there's too much of a difference between women and men I think a lot of it may well be driven by you know who typically trains or who typically is engaging in those types of exercises versus who is not so if you get somebody who's never really engaged in resistance exercise and then start in that regiment they may gain a little bit more than people who don't and I think that may explain some of the sex differences if they do exist in older folks but I think the differences are very minimal generally what about muscle performance so you know does omega 3 or do you know if omega 3 plays a role in like performance? um maybe a folder of all sorts yeah I think one of the one of the issues those types of measurements is that you know with the SPPB is they generally secondary outcomes and you know reliability them is you typically the largest number of people to detect and affect but there was a meta analysis recently published suggested that I think it was either gate speed or walking speed was improved in older people with a with omega 3 supplementation suggestion not suggesting that there may be an enhanced effect in terms of functional to great question because you know sitting on a diner moment or a leg press and improving your strength that may be great but is it going to help improve those activities of daily living and I think that's the key question for older people and the meta analysis data I think you know you shared with me and we talked about before it was seem to suggest that omega 3 is not population could you know enhance either gate speed or walking performance and I think that's kind of important for that population. Yeah so I think I think we're in agreement that we just you know we really need you know larger well design trials and studies to repeat and confirm what has been shown in a variety of you know other smaller studies although there are some meta analyses out there again it's like you said well the quality of data I mean we just there's always there's always a need for for more especially if you want to get this into clinical practice I'll share an act with you so a couple days ago I was in an elevator in a doctor's office and a guy came in the elevator his wife pushed him in in a wheelchair and he had just had surgery he just actually just had a knee replacement and I told I said oh well you should you know you should go home and make sure you have some omega 3 fatty acids in the inform of like fish oil because there's some evidence it may play a role in helping you maintain muscle mass you know it's called disuse atrophy and the older gentleman said ah those those don't do anything and I said well I you know I'm a PhD scientist and I'm actually you know you know you know been reading some literature and gonna talk to an expert and he goes well I'm an MD I'm a rheumatologist and I'm gonna tell you I really could have a conversation about it but and so you know I think the take home for me was you know how do we get this into clinical practice like it it seems like you know yeah that I guess they are they're smaller studies that we're talking about here and so one work needs to be done but um I I truly believe that omega 3 is our playing a role in especially in the disuse atrophy and as we're going to talk about in a mincercopenia and it's it's a shame that it's going to take such a long time to get that into the clinical practice you know yeah and I think you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh the jury still to some degree is very much out you know we need more work and uh uh uh uh to really to study how it may be working and also in the larger populations whether it's working but I think the first thing is do you know harm and you know if you know if it might as long as there's so much of a good quality supplemental especially if you get it from food sources you know oil efficient there's good quality proteins in there if you're going to increase your omega 3 content if you diet you know I don't really see too much harm and if you use an quality supplemental you're taking it particularly from a food first approach with oil efficient I think that would be a good idea of around you know especially if you get common or you're a coffin from surgery so sarcopenia as we age really is muscle mass we're the strength uh this is called sarcopenia and there's all sorts of problems it's associated with the 2 to 3 full increased risk of falls frailty disability I mean on and on as you mentioned mortality yeah um obviously protein intake resistance training most important here as you've we've already mentioned but there seems to be emerging evidence that omega 3 fatty acids again EPA and DHA being the major players here um are playing a important role so in the context of sarcopenia you know there's like there's a disequal ibrem it's mind to understand there's a disequal ibrem muscle catapulism and muscle anobalism so um is there evidence that it can shift it towards anobalism in the context of sarcopenia yeah so that it's certainly evidence it's definitely by no means a short case so essentially the the reality is that the older folks as they you know as we age there there is that uh unabolic resistance to protein and gestion that will contribute towards the the negative protein balance that mainly to that decline that's independent from physically in activity which would accelerate that natural biological decline so the first thing is I would always say that exercise particularly resistance exercise like I said at the very start you can't outnutrition physical in activity you've you've really got to make sure that you've you've performed an exercise and sticking to the guidelines and especially resistance exercises as we know a very potent means to enhance or all mean teens go a little muscle muscle muscle strength but in terms of omega 3's to supplement that approach um I think there is a margin evidence and I think the you know the series of papers biperton and bitina mittendorf's group I think with a landmark papers in in this field where you know they were the ones that did the showing there's an hands protein synthetic response to amino acid infusion with omega 3's and they replicate it that in in younger people and older people and that's like the landmark study that really got me interested when I was in Scotland studying this and and that was published in AJC and with Gordon Smith as the lead author and then you know you're looking at those that you know if you look at the difference that the omega 3's had on the protein synthetic response you're thinking there's no way like that is that is huge and then they followed it up with another study in younger people the can't let a lot of credence to it and then they followed it with a longer trudinal feeding I think it was six months of two grams per day of EPA and the changes there were quite significant I believe it was in I believe it was mass a multi-show strength and at that point you're like wow okay we now I need to see that's one love it's a really strong love very well respected high quality work but you know just to you know confirm you'd like to see all the people doing the group well Stuart Gray then published the paper with krilloyle similar participant co-hole similar duration and replicated what had been shown by bipetit and bitendorf's groups then you think okay there's something really going on here and then you know we've seen the protection against issues after feeding in your women so there's now this growing body of evidence that suggests that omega 3's are on a ballach and they seem to be on a ballach particularly in all the adults not just from a protein synthetic point of view but also from the perspective of kind of mitigating the declines in muscle, muscle and size and I would encourage anyone really interested in the soccer peony element of this is to look up Gordon Smith's paper in a jcn and also Stuart Gray's work with krilloyle because the results are from two independent labs across the Atlantic different supplements put the living still delivering EPA and the results are very very interesting and quite encouraging. Do you think that because sarcopenia has also has more of an inflammatory component to it at least my understanding is there's a little more of an inflammatory component to it to sarcopenia perhaps also because inflammation goes up as you age and people people have more inflammation. Do you think there's like a sort of dual role like in addition to this anabolic effect you've been talking about with sensitizing skeletal muscle to amino acids perhaps an entire inflammatory role as well? Yeah that is a great question and an important talk and point in the field as well because the studies that I just talked about from the Tinnomit and Dolphaz group with Gordon Smith is the lead author they saw these changes in absence of any real change in insurculating inflammatory markers so you know people were thinking well actually this is normally when you think of a meager three-fiat acid you think of heart health and then anti-inflammatory effects. So that's a natural mechanism especially because low-grade inflammation or inflammation is an inflammation. There's the concept in older people is there's a bit of a difference between what's circulating in the blood and what's going on inside the muscle and you kind of low-grade inflammation can actually impinge your petitions on proteins that regulate protein synthesis so one for example is the AF2 alpha so when that's phosphorytory to the can impinge on the ability to mount a protein synthetic response so by resolving the inflammation particularly inside of the muscle potentially this is one way in which you may get three fiat acids in all the populations may be working. Very very interesting let's dive a little more into the mechanisms like I think you know we we already talked a little bit about you know this cell membrane incorporating E.D.A.J. and the cell membrane fluidity perhaps you know I brought up the the transport you know the transporters function structure and how that could be put potentially linked to loosing and perhaps I guess it's called the lat transporter you mentioned. Yeah that one yeah. Can you actually measure intracellular amino acid concentration from a muscle biopsy? So you can you can measure intracellular amino acid concentrations the difficulty there is there is some evidence that with muscle tissues there may be an increase or a change at least in intracellular amino acid concentrations if they're not being used to build muscle they may build up inside intracellular space now that's very limited evidence but there is some there at least a glove of when she was working with a student fellow doctor Phillips in they published the paper I think it's in J.F. and if you look at the branch chain concentrations in the intracellular space in one of the tables there would suggest there may be an increase so I think in in the context of you know amino acid transporter one of the reasons I kind of changed my mind a little bit on whether omega 3's were working via transport mechanisms is because Luke van Loone's group with Ben Wall as the lead author did a paper were they labelled with stable isotope they labelled the drink people were consuming before and after a mobilization and what they found was that the enrichment which is basically the ratio of the tracer compared to the tracer so it's a carbon tracer which is labelled the ratio actually was an alter too much in fact it was higher on the after a mobilization in intracellular space which would suggest that there's actually not an impairment in transport across the membrane and that the impairment in protein synthesis with tissues is actually intracellular so that doesn't mean that omega 3's would in may work by improving transport across and potentially enhancing the protein synthetic response put to me it would suggest that the mechanisms that are resulting in the decline in pre-synthesis with tissues are intracellular not a lack of an impingement on transport across the membrane so we I mentioned a little bit about the glucose transfer glute one transporters at the brain do you know anything about whether or not omega 3 has any sort of acute or long term effects of exercise on glucose transport into muscle and is glucose transport into muscle also anabolic is that I don't know no not to my knowledge I mean above base levels of insulin concentration it's pretty much a permissive for pre-synthesis but in terms of the literature is really mixed so if you look at the of the rodent literature it seems to have quite positive effects in insulin sensitivity and glucose regulation the work in humans is not as convincing so that's where it how the like I said the lack of high quality RCTs and in the field of the omega 3 is the primary outcome of glucose the sum but the literature is very mixed and I also sometimes think in a you know what it work and people who are compromised with a lower omega 3 state as first as people who are already healthy you know I don't know how of effective being those particular context you know if you've already got a relatively high omega 3 content in the membrane is giving more going to be efficacious and in the respective transport for glucose across the membrane I'm not too sure but my understanding is that literature and humans is very mixed when it comes to the management of the say type 2 type B T's or glucose handling with omega 3's and those populations. I see again then it also comes down to was there pre-loading did they you know was was it four weeks did they have four weeks of omega 3 before studying anything if these effects are you know being regulated at the at least through the changes in the cell membrane fluidity and then you would assume that you'd have to at least have four weeks of omega 3 loading in there down to protocol yet again but cells are not the only you know structure that have membrane so phospholipid membranes so mitochondrial membranes both EPA and DHA accumulate in mitochondrial membranes you alluded to mitochondria earlier is there a possibility that omega 3 modulates mitochondria in human skeletal muscle? Yeah there is and you know the mitochondria is something I've just started to really get into in terms of in my lab and settle by I learned you know some of the techniques from Graham Holloway when I was a coalfa's a postdoc and that's like an arm that I'm trying to develop in my lab now to address some of these questions and I do think that's probably the most exciting area for me right now with omega 3s and how it links to the regulation of protein synthesis so for example Graham had shown a number of years ago that feeding omega 3s in younger people can affect 80 piece sensitivity or 80 piece demulated respiration in the mitochondria in human skeletal muscle and then in our tissue subtrophy study again it seemed to affect a dp respiration but then you know that's nice in terms of a concept but so what how does that then feed into skeletal muscle? Well there's now a emerging area so we into pre-insensus now there is emerging evidence that there seems to be some kind of mitochondrial systolic crosstalk whereby you know if you think about the mitochondria of the primary site of you know where we produce anodry and muscle pre-insensus is a very energetically expensive process so if the mitochondria are not working properly then there may not be the anodry to you know mount a pre-insynthetic response and you know vice versa another caveat with the mitochondrial malice is it depends of a time you know what substrates you are using to stimulate respiration you know if you're using a carbohydrate or a fat base substrate but nevertheless is what we're trying to investigate now is whether you know there there is this crosstalk between the the the translation or the initiation and translation factors that regulate pre-insensus and you know mitochondrial protein synthesis and mitochondrial respiration and there's been some papers in worms and pre-chlorical models show it not you know mitochondrial translational the translation of mitochondrial proteins in and of itself will feed in as a signal to whether we to the systolic factors that regulate protein synthesis and an ATF or dependent fashion so again this is pre-chlorical it's very early but what we're studying here is is whether that occurs in humans we've got a so studies and surgery in the hospital going on now with the mecha threes and we're doing the biopsies and we've got the respiration measures and we're going to try and tease that out so I do think that might accondra a very very interesting area for research when it comes to a mecha threes and and protein turnover and it's something that we're really looking to to explore a little bit more but exactly what that link is I'm not too sure at this stage well that's very exciting I think I would be interested also just seeing what not necessarily in skeletal muscle but like you know looking at the broader broader scientific literature like what's known about how omega 3 dha EPA affect the mitochondrial function mitochondria structure their dynamics all those things would be you know obviously interesting to kind of be able to see well if that's going on other tissues perhaps something similar also in skeletal muscle and so that that's all that's really exciting I so there's there's a few studies like limited I'd say limited evidence showing that dha and EPA can increase the metabolic rate of both resting and during exercise in older women yeah and these effects are we're even more profound in like fat oxidation so it was like a 19% increase in in resting metabolic rate in 27% increase in during exercise for fat oxidation do you think this could be attributed to a mitochondrial related mechanism yeah potentially incorporation into the into the in and out of the control you know membranes of the mitochondrial potentially all the 80 dp handling and oxygen utilization and again this is not exactly my particular area of expertise but I've seen some work of like you know for Australia where they've shown like you know feeding omega 3s can I think it was particularly dha can reduce the oxygen cost of exercise and reduce heart rate again this is this is something you know where you kind of read one piece of literature it that is slightly related but not related and you try to use it to feed into to generate these hypotheses with know how it affects muscle mass regulation as well as the mitochondrial but from my understanding is that I really wouldn't know how that actually works in terms of you know changes in substrate oxidation with omega 3s one kind of natural for is when you're giving people high doses of omega 3s 5 grams per day which is a lot more than typically what we would consume maybe it switches the you know the substrates that are being oxidized or it may induce a very small shift towards the oxidation of fatty acids as opposed to carbohydrates and there is a little bit of evidence that you know that might not in the context of you know glucose homeostasis that might not necessarily be a great thing because if you're if you're shift in from you know oxidizing glucose too fast than in diabetic patients or people with high levels of if of circulate in glucose it may actually even bump those levels so kind of going back to what we talked about before in terms of substrate utilization with these reading protocols but I wonder if just the sheer effects on increasing gluten three transporters in skeletal muscle would you at least be getting the transporter muscle and out of circulation if that were just in the other cell for some beneficial yeah yeah and yeah and I'm not aware of any evidence that you know there is increase in gluten four transporters with a in skeletal muscle with omega 3s and maybe there is a and just not aware of it and sometimes I think with the transporters and makes me think about the the lot one work is you may have more protein content but is that protein content functional you know is is it actually more effective and more efficient you know I don't know you mentioned something about the the dose as well and I think it kind of to go back to the importance of protocols you know how long does it take omega 3s to accumulate in mitochondrial membrane so you mentioned four weeks you know for you know the the change in the the skeletal muscle like lipid membranes but like what if it's something similar for the mitochondrial membranes and you know the dose as well you also mentioned sort of food food first approach and you know eating fatty fish of course salmon and Matt and Sardine and Matt Coral being sort of the best sources of omega 3 but you're not going to get you know four to five grams a day and first of all people aren't going to eat fatty fish every day like they're just not like as they don't they don't even eat it weekly like it's that's that's like we have we have and hang study on the studies on that they're not they're not eating fish a lot of a lot of especially in America in the United States but you know so the question is is like the 45 or even perhaps they would have if it's even higher dose like what if we don't even like there's not there's a Ben No dose response studies right to even know no so do you like how feasible obviously it's good to get omega 3 from food sources like for many reasons but if we're looking at the accumulation like you know some of these effects in the mitochondrial membranes in this you know the cell membranes and skeletal muscle how feasible do you think it is to only get it from food? Um again it just the so I think this is it kind of leads me to a slightly separate kind of answer if you don't mind is you know the omega 3 index which has been established in blood and is related to the CVD risks um we haven't really got something similar in skeletal muscles so we don't know what is the level of omega 3s or EP and DHA and there's even our evidence that the two may have opposing effects but what what is the amount or relative contribution or composition in the muscle membrane that has then linked to a clinically meaningful cutoff or outcome and I think that's kind of something that you know will take a long time for us to establish and this is where it comes to getting it into the clinics is is case of like well how much do I need to take what is a clinical cutoff in terms of the muscle or the blood and how is that going to help the patient and I think the you know thinking back of well it would the answer is it would depend upon what is the level in the muscle that we need to get to to see these effects so then we can work back through a dose response so you might be able to take a large amount in a five day period and just top it off with like one gram a day so do you take five grams a day and then just top it off with one gram a day and it stays in that range minus two calories doing looking at some work like that at the moment or is it a case if you just take one a day or two a day and you just do that all year round and then you're going to see a level of change in the muscle phospholipid membrane I just don't know the answer to that question I want to think the next steps for us to really start convincing people of you know omega 3s are important is to link the mechanism firstly and then what is the change in the in the composition of the membrane and how does that relates to important clinical outcomes right with the mechanism you know when most people think about so we talked about mitochondria and mitochondrial membranes you can think about muscle mass you think about the antabolic signaling pathways like mTOR the p70s 6 kinase 1 does omega 3 affect those antabolic pathways in humans it's a complex question so you know I think this feel is evolving more more you know like when I was you know really into this with the molecular work which have kind of moved away from a little bit now is mTOR was the be all lendor and it's it's target s6k1 the 3-89 residue I think we now know there's a little bit more going on a lot more going on in terms of the regulation of muscle mass muscle pretty sensitive at least but in the studies in which there was the potential of protein synthesis both in vitamin and over working humans but also going back to you know the the stairs that we talked about the the cows at the very start of of the podcast is it seemed to be affecting at the mTOR p70 pathway now is that an independent effective EPA and DHA directly targeting those proteins or is it the fact that it's potentially to the amino acid response and it's the amino acids so that that are enhancing and so you know mTOR is very sensitive to changes in losing concentration is an indirect or is it a direct effect and again we don't we don't really know there is some work in cell cultures suggested that EPA may have a direct effect but exactly how that works I'm not too sure but my guess will be actually that it's just the general modification of the lipid or the lipid omo lipid profile of the muscle but then enhances the effectiveness of amino acid so the potentialation is driven largely by the amino acids which is influenced by the lipid profile of yeah that's a really I think that's a really good point and I make it makes a lot of sense as well I mean obviously more work to be done yeah kind of going going back just to the inflammatory because omega threes are so well known in that in that world how does high inflammation effect protein turnover in skeletal muscle? Well I think that the highest-to-even inflammation can trick out some of the some breakdown pathways but we know that from the perspective of muscle protein synthesis which is the predominant arm that we generally focus on in humans one reason is it is largely that the arm that dictate the size of muscle muscle muscle also measuring breakdown with in vivo is very difficult but essentially the inflammation or you know low-grade inflammation in the muscle can some more put the breaks on protein synthesis maybe the better way to put it and like I said some of the initiation factors one of the misii f2 alpha can be affected or at least phosphorylated by inflammatory state or the inflammatory state of the cell which would impinge upon protein synthetic pathways so you know there's a little it's not too clear the literature to me at this moment but it seems like if having a higher state of inflammation inside of the muscle cell can negatively impact some of the initiation factors so you know you've got you know protein initiation elongation to you know for pre-insensus and some of the initiation factors can certainly be affected by higher levels of inflammation inside of the muscle. That's interesting I didn't know that before this discussion with you we talked a little bit about sarcopenia which has an inflammatory component in cancer caxia being probably one of the big ones that that there's definitely really I think major role of inflammation in cancer caxia where muscle you know atrophy if you call it breakdown I don't know what you know is just pretty devastating predicts for survival do you see a role for omega 3 in cancer caxia is there any evidence there is I think it's slightly mixed but there certainly is evidence that EPA treatment may protect against cancer caxia or a loss of muscle with cancer and again I do know that the evidence is a little bit of mixed and it's obviously very difficult most populations to get those high quality RCTs but there is some evidence there that you know the omega 3s can kind of mitigate against the decline in muscle there's a very mass-arex in our butter in Canada has done some really excellent work about looking at how omega 3s can actually protect against the negative impact of chemotherapy so we know the chemotherapy and another self is toxic can have a negative effect on muscle and in pre-clinical models what in rodents what a very assuring is that actually feeding omega 3s and those animals may actually protect against the negative impacts of chemotherapy or muscle and we are currently collaborating with with a rare to see whether that might be occurring in a mitochondrial dependent fashion where there are any animals and you know she's not a butter so we're only really a we can't do the in vivo respiration measures of mitochondria but we all look in some of the the new new mitochondrial factors and mitochondrial translation factors that like I talked about before that may actually be feeding into the protective effect with omega 3s against chemotherapy induced. Autrophe. Very cool. Well we've covered a lot of ground with respect to the role of omega 3 in muscle skeletal muscle before before I kind of shift gears and ask you one one other question um can you you're doing you have an ongoing trial right now can you can you describe a little bit about what the trial is and what the sort of hypothesis is and the goal. We have a we have a number of ongoing omega 3 trials we have for sex differences and muscle with omega 3 feeding and that's led by my master student Sydney Smart and then we've got a large bed rest study in the hospital that's led by Emily Ferguson who's a PhD student with me and she's going to be looking at the effects of high dose omega 3s in combination with essential amino acids and gestion to kind of mitigate the loss of muscle mass and strength in people going through a period of bed rest and that's unhealthy people but it's going to generate us a lot of important tissue well we're going to do the most of the measurements of muscle size with MRI muscle strength and dynamometry and the you know the respiration measures with mitochondria but also using the trace of approaches and proteomic and lipidomic approaches to try to really get a mechanistic insight into how omega 3s affect an muscle in in in that setting but you know a common criticism of those types of studies it's it's not actually reflecting what's happening in a surgical setting so we've also teamed up with the hospital here in my PhD student Danny Niamon's leading a study where you know we've got people going through ACL surgeries so this is young and middle-aged people who are going through ACL and we're going to provide them with high dose omega 3s and see whether you know in that particular set and there's likely going to be hyper inflammation so our omega 3s more efficacious and that's situation in which they can you know take the edge off the inflammatory response and have those independent actions on protein synthesis as well so we have a number of trials going on but we're obviously really trying to dig into the serium and make heads of the next few headways or over the next few years but primarily we've got the sex difference study the the bed rest study and also a surgery study going on as well with ACL injuries or surgeries is there any reason to not do I mean I guess the immobilization studies it seems like they're mostly done in young people because you know of how devastating they can be in an older population but what if you find people that are older and getting a surgery like is it like you're doing with your middle-aged you know younger ACL type of study yeah and that's certainly something not so that's the next step that we're looking to do is to certainly is to do this with older people either you know with surgery or some ICU patients but like we talked about the start you know I need to write the grants for that so it cost a bit of money for a lot of the the analysis so we're looking to you know write some grants and try and follow up and some of that works that'll be the next phase after we've completed this work to you know try to tease and we try to take like a a mechanisms based clinical approach to studying omega 3-5 assets and muscle like we know that patients and we know that physicians care about clinical outcomes right so we're not going to go to them and say all the improves that might contribute to the exploration that like I don't care does it help my patient recovery and does it affect their ability to move so we've got those primary outcomes and then you know to kind of you know keep us you know really interested in the mechanisms and how it's working and keep the biochemists happy we really try to tease into what all the mechanisms in muscle and that's what the muscle biopsy is afforded in allowing us to do that well it's very important work and it would be very interesting to see if these effects are even more robust in an older population so you know lots lots to do I did want to kind of just shift gears and I had one sort of area of interest that sort of has been on my radar rate are recently and it's this idea because I've always been sort of more of an endurance you know training kind of person I'm certainly not an athlete but I've always you know been a runner and I like to do more endurance training types of activities although since last summer when I started to really get into the muscle biology and had you know stew on and I'm Brad Chownfeld yourself I you know I'm a lot I see how important resistance training is and I've really tried hard to incorporate a lot more of that into my routine however often I do do a robotic you know training in the same session as resistance training and so there was a reason said you contributed to your co-author on about the role of a robot conditioning in muscle hypertrophy and I think there's been I mean I've just heard from you know the echo chamber that there's this prevailing belief that a aerobic exercise might actually impede gains from resistance training so I was wondering if you could clarify how a aerobic exercise could actually even potentially promote muscle growth and maybe discuss some of the potential mechanisms behind this phenomenon that was identified by the study you were part of yeah sure and as at the disclaimer this is certainly not my area of expertise but my understanding at least is you know the classic work by Hicks and a while ago we're suggesting that there may be an interference effect between performing both particularly with strength gains and and since that work you know people were asking the question and it followed up with some of the molecular work in cells and animals suggesting A&P may inhibit mentor and you activate A&P case or A&PK with endurance exercise it stops and tall be an activate with resistance and I think whilst that may be the case in cells and rodents the human work really hasn't that's not but it's not washed out in the in the human work at all doesn't seem to be an interference effect at least when it comes to muscle hypertrophy and there's been some good work by some scan and eating groups there Tommy Lomburg being one of them and we are Matt Preston some molecular work as well and of fact as you've suggested it it may actually have an opposite effect where you precondition or you perform aerobic exercise and that may enhance capitalization so you know facilities in blood delivery to the muscle cell and then when you perform resist, resistance exercise the muscle is primed to receive more neutral you know interlain and and amino acids to enhance the response the principle response to the resistance exercise so essentially it's potentially promote and greater nutrient delivery to the muscle so that I can build and another factor is satellite cells so satellite cells will no donate their nuclear material you know the transcription factors and to enhance the ability to grow so there's some evidence that satellite cells and it's growing out strong evidence that satellite cells play a really important role in the remodeling of muscle and the contributions towards hypertrophy with resistance trading and in the enjoyment and endurance exercise may not only enhance nutrient delivery but also activate satellite cells where they can donate their nuclear material to support the growth response to resistance trading so essentially you know I think there there is some evidence it certainly doesn't seem to be even you know if you're not doing high levels really high levels of exercise it seems that the average every day person it's not going to do harm at all to do some aerobic exercise with resistance and if anything you know we know that it'll be able to max in an in and of itself and exercise capacity is very is a predictive of mortality and it's also important to maintain cardiovascular health and function so I never really think it's a bad idea to incorporate in endurance and resistance but I will say in echo what other people have said is the majority of the research out there in terms of health is on endurance and there's not as much on resistance but I do think that you know there's certainly a role for both and I would like a little bit more resistance out there than endurance maybe that's just my bias is but I do think a combination of both of them really are beneficial and they may even be synergistic as you've just suggested. Do you think doing the aerobic exercise are training after the resistance training could also be similar because you're also you're still increasing you know capillary and basal dilation and you know stuff yeah you think so okay so I mean obviously if you're like going out and running 10 miles you're not going to be able to like you're going to be too tired but I'm talking about a 10 or 15 minute to bought I which is typically like what I'll do when I'm doing the resistance training as well but these days I do do it my my tobadas will be in the morning and then I'll do resistance training later on in the evening actually so but it's still like in the same the same day yeah but I don't see much of a problem with that at all I mean it's it's it's it's very I mean people like yourself are very active it's it's maybe a consideration what I think the majority of people just need to get out there and and do do exercise and novice self and the the slight you know small chance that there may be an interference effect between it to which I don't think really does exist is certainly are weighed by the benefits of engaging in in the exercises in novice self you know so I think that's that's just kind of a bit of a red-haring thing with the interference effect I think it's more likely that it has a beneficial effect in anything else engaging in both resistance and endurance and endurance is going to confer it independent effects you know you do a lot of endurance exercise the central adaptations you know there's this cardiovascular adaptations and then the peripheral adaptation is also a current and they may feed into enhancing the the synthetic response or at least the hypertrophic response to resistance training and there was a meta analysis out there by I think Tommy Lomburg suggested that you know like certainly at least with cycling it doesn't seem to have that much of an effect you know it also kind of raises this the opens the door of like when you look at protocols for these trials that are being done looking at muscle hypertrophy fill in the blank whatever they're looking at in many cases the control equipment and what control group will be like passive recovery but the passive recovery is them on a you know stationary cycle doing some low wattage but you think they're going wait a minute maybe that's not so inert maybe that's actually promoting more hypertrophy in a way right I mean potentially maybe I think the other thing is a new set of before but precision and and sometimes when I see the word hypertrophy I like looking at the devils and the details when people say hypertrophy it's like did you use an MRI did you put a tape measure on the lake did you use dexer did you do immunohistochemistry to look at tape one type two fibers which very variable so I think a lot of the times you know like I said the devils and the details and the paper just be on the abstract is how did you measure hypertrophy and I think that's also a key question because you know I wouldn't just hang my heart on on cross sectional area of individual fibers alone I would like to see you know maybe some MRI data and complemented with some other actual measures of hypertrophy so yeah I think I think reading the papers in a little bit more detail can can reveal more that's good to know do you mind if I send you some paper sometimes ask you a question or two you're definitely much more points to look at that stuff than I am and there's there's like when you when you see the conflicting data like if I had more of a handle on that what you just mentioned like the types of procedures and stuff being used it would probably bring more clarity to why there's a you know conflicting data for example but really amazing work that you're doing Chris with respect to the omega 3 and it's roll in you know potentially being in a ballac as you said and how this may be you know very relevant obviously for muscle dysu satrophy and perhaps circumpine but maybe just in general like low amino acid intake or optimizing sensitizing as to our amino acid so all of it very exciting much more work to be done very thankful that you're out there doing it and hopefully others are as well and more more studies to come high quality studies if people want to learn more about your research if they want to read more ask you questions what's the where can they find you well we've got a lab website just in the building right now but I think the best ways to research gate where I put all the papers and I'm not on Twitter I've done my best to stay off Twitter for as long as I can but people can email me at Chris chrs.magloripacreensew.ca so it's not queens.ca it's queensew.ca so I can I am happy to not see males and engage with people if they've got any questions and yeah I just like to thank you for the opportunity to to talk all things omega 3 I think you know but very rarely I get to talk for an hour and a half about omega 3 so when you want to put a glass of it to sleep with this sometimes so it could be a it's good to chat and to engage well thank you so much Chris I look forward to your ongoing trials and and keeping up with the research that you're doing I hope you enjoyed this episode with Dr. Chris McLory if you're looking to quickly learn more or drive deeper into this science on omega 3 you will probably enjoy my premium members podcast the aliquat and my monthly Q&A sessions where you get to ask me anything and I spend an hour and a half answering all of your questions the first Saturday of every month you can attend live for the virtual Q&A or listen to it later. For example Q&A session number 15 elaborates on whether to separate supplemental omega 3 intake from dietary omega 3 intake Q&A session number 33 features tips on how to find a high quality omega 3 supplement this segment features a ranking of brands and lots of numbers based on the international fish oil standards data premium members also get access to an entire bat catalog of material covering many aspects of metabolic health longevity brain health aging and omega 3 in addition to our exclusive members podcast the aliquat monthly live Q&A's and a special summary of scientific research every other week called the science digest. Please consider signing up to become a premium member to gain access to all of this while also nurturing the existence of the found my fitness platform you can find that at foundmyfitness.com forward slash premium that's PREMI UM. Thanks so much for tuning in and I'll catch you all soon.