I'd love to get your take on training while fast-ed. You should be able to not eat any calories for 24 hours and still exercise. You don't have to have protein powder ever. This is a great one. So the turn metabolic flexibility has been hijacked. It's great because it is not a stimulant. So you can take it in the evenings and it doesn't compromise sleep at all. CO2 levels rise above 9 and a part per million. This will significantly and dramatically affect everything from sleep onset, to quality. Next day perceived fatigue. Next day arithmetic ability. How mad do you want the internet to get at these following statements? Hey everyone. I'm super excited to be sitting across the table from Dr. Andy Galpin, who is the director of the Human Performance Center at Parker University. Andy and I have been corresponding for at least the last 10 years. I'm pretty pumped to have this conversation. He is an expert in muscle physiology. But also has published a wide range of exercise physiology related topics from muscle health to nutrition, recovery. He also coaches athletes, Olympians, MMA fighters, just all around. Got a lot of experience and the science behind it. I'm really excited to have this conversation with you today, Andy. You and I've talked about a lot of things via X and Twitter at the time. I think email as well. Thank you so much for coming on the show. It's just, I can't even explain how much to honor and apply for this. I've been telling you for a long time now how stoked I am about this and my wife is tired of hearing of it. So I'm finally excited to get here and do it. Well today it's kind of interesting because you've got this vast publication history in muscle biology and exercise physiology. But I'm kind of taking you in a direction where you've also published and you have a lot of knowledge regarding nutrition, supplements, recovery. I'm super interested in the role of those in helping people meet their fitness goals. When it comes to nutrition, this is obviously a field that's constantly, there's no agreement ever. Whether we're talking about performance or longevity. But there's a growing number of athletes and people that are like myself, which are, I would say, committed exercises that I'm very interested in health, not as much in performance although I'm becoming a lot more interested in performance these days. But I'm interested in longevity for sure. That's my primary interest. So there's people trying to figure out what kind of diet they could, what kind of diet they could eat to sort of meet their performance and longevity goals if that's even possible. Is that something that you've thought about? Yeah, I get the question of performance versus longevity or health when nutrition a lot. And I think as you've done so well over your career, there are tenets that are going to agree and then there's going to be distension. And so I think it's easy to frame this as what are the flags we can put on both sides of this equation? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. So if you want to live your longest healthiest life, number one, we're all going to agree on probably five, seven, maybe eight different things. And if you were to look, I'll just do this one. And if I said, okay, great, because we deal with these clients, I deal with high performance athletes as you mentioned. And we have a lot of our clients that are like you. They're not athletes never were, do not care, but they're wanting to live their longest healthiest life. And if I threw their diets in front of you, I'd be stunned if you could tell me which one was for which person. I don't think you'd have any chance, right? So you'd see what's going to look like. We're going to center around protein. Right? You've talked about that endlessly. It's going to be high in high quality. We're going to have a lot of a variety of food. We're going to have a lot of a variety of colors. Turns out, micronutrients, vitamins and minerals are pretty important, right? Like your entire career. We're going to have some attention paid to fiber. The work intake will be managed. We're going to distribute carbohydrates in fat in some way that helps them hit their needs and goals and personal preferences. We could go down the list. But the easiest way to think about it is how much overlap is there? Almost all. What are the small differences between these performance and longevity goals? Well, depends on what type of performance. So we're talking about a lot of chloric expenditure. We're talking about a power event. Or what do we? Then yeah, we're going to find some differences. And we can chop that up all day if you want to know like exact numbers and hours. But the reality of it is both of those people, performance longevity, you have to manage calories one way or the other. You have to do all the other things. It's not that different. You can make some arguments of maybe you can get away with certain things. If you're not interested in performance, you can do some different things with food timing, food frequency. You can play with some different stuff where you wouldn't want to do that with a high performance athlete. There's a lot of fun differences with those things. But at the highest level for the average person, if you're eating like a high performance athlete, the most part, you're also eating for longevity. Only big, fundamental difference there might be chloric balance. Yeah, that's the top layer. But other than that, it's pretty similar. I was kind of thinking that was going to be your answer. I do. I'm very interested in the intermittent fasting time restricted eating, training, training while you're fasted, depending on the type of training. It's something that I do for certain types of training. So, you look at training fasted. Well, I like to train fasted if I'm going for a 30 minute run. Yep. Zoom to kind of run. Sure. And the reason I do that is because I mean, this was years ago, I read a meta analysis. And maybe I would love to hear your updates on the literature because I know that you've been keeping up with it. But there was a meta analysis looking at people that were training fasted. And if they were doing endurance type of a aerobic exercise training and they trained, it was less than 60 minutes. It was less than an hour. Yeah. And this isn't a zone to kind of below the lactate threshold type of training. Then they had better adaptations in mitochondria, mitochondrial enzymes. Obviously fatty acids being oxidized. So, whereas if they trained when they were fed, again, it was less than an hour. Some of those adaptations were blunted somewhat. Yep. And for me, it was like, oh, well, I kind of want those adaptations. So, I do like to train a little bit fasted. Now, I don't do hour-long runs anymore. That was like a thing of my fast for me. I do my strength training. I do not like to do fasted at all. I have to have like something like a banana. I have to have some glucose or something. So, I'd love to get your take on training while fasted. Yeah. There's a lot of things to think about here. I know that I sent you right before we started here, our pre-print of our fasting studies. We just got published. So, we can go into that if you want. But in general, the biggest way to think about this is is to magnitude of benefit with the intervention, exceeding the magnitude of preference. And what I mean by that is when I coach people this morning, like literally this morning, I'm dealing with putting together a program for the number one quarterback in college football. Right after that, I have to deal with one of our executives who's 60-year-old female. Right, right after that, I'm also dealing with a guy preparing for a 900 mile hike. And so, that context is important because as I'm answering questions like this, all of these avatars are in my head. And I'm thinking, what is true for a person one, two, and three? And then what is true for the other person who does an exercise at all? And if something's not consistent across those four, then I have to modify and contextualize the answer. So, when it comes to training fasted, great. If you are going for an event like you're talking about, and you feel better when you do it, that matters to me in that particular context more than the physiological benefit, because the physiological benefit is not fake. It's just not huge. So, is it more beneficial for your mitochondria? Yes, potentially, but if you look at the amount, it's not that much. Now, if you're liked it or didn't care, fine. But if you're like, I hate it, my performance is worse. I don't like it, I'm feel good. Then we actually don't do it. And so, my first layer answer to all that is, number one, what do you actually performing best in? What are your personal preferences? Are you training in the morning? Are you training the evening? All these other factors that are now, again, contextualize, are my true answer. And I hate to be wish-washy on that, but that's the most honest answer, because I deal with a lot of people with different goals and different scenarios. So, the science can lead us in one direction, but the actual layering on top of what would I really recommend a human do? That in this scenario matters more. So, if you look at the research, very specifically on fasting exercise. Always depends on the type of exercise. You mentioned you were really careful about saying, like, I'm under 60 minutes, right? I'm under 60 minutes. Like, I know you're aware that that answer will change, right? What am I optimizing for? Am I optimizing for performance? Am I optimizing for feeling better that day? More focused that day. Am I optimizing for the happiness? And there's so many different reasons why one would exercise that you have to answer all those questions to figure out, well, what lever am I trying to pull here? What am I trying to get out of it? So, do we have people, am I, I'll answer this way? Do we ever take somebody and say, hey, you need to start doing your endurance work in the morning fasted? I can't think of very many times when we've ever done that. But if somebody shows up with that, well, we don't have any strong reason we're not gonna pull them off of it either. What if someone says, I'm interested in fat adaptation. I'm interested in mitochondrial health. And I'm not an endurance athlete. I'm just, you know, these are my recovery days. I do strength training on other days. These are my recovery days, so to speak, right? In a way. Then, would you still kind of, but what are your thoughts on that? So you mentioned my, mitochondrial adaptations aren't, it's not, it's a subtle difference. But what about like, polices, like, what about, you know? Yeah, so the way that we was framed this is, we need more information on them to determine whether or not that's gonna actually matter for them. So if they're saying, okay, I want to enhance fat burning, I want to enhance oxidative capacity. Great, what we actually need to look at their capacity for metabolic flexibility. We need to test that. I need to see that number, right? If you're just saying you want more, I'm gonna say more from where? Like, where are you currently at? I don't know. Well, then we don't know if we have anything to actually gain here. So we could do that intervention, and I don't know if we would do anything for you. If you're already pegged on that, if you're mitochondrial already functioning very high, if your ability to utilize fuel independent of food is strong, then we're not gonna get anything from it. If you're really weak in that area, then we would get something from it. So our first answer is data, right? We have to run some objective test. If you don't wanna do that or can't do that, you wanna give that a try, sure. Like fine, it's probably not gonna hurt much in the short term, so go ahead and do that. So my answer to somebody who asks that question, like I want to optimize mitochondria. Okay, great. Starting off with faster cardio is not the place we would go, but we might use it eventually. If you can do a whole bunch of stuff, and we could do this objectively. Okay, when you go out and train, how do you feel if you don't eat before? All I feel terrible. Okay, well that's like an easy litmus test to say, maybe we have some stuff we can do there. There's way more we can do it into and detail. I wouldn't only ask that question, but that's how we would actually think about that answer. So it could be everything from yes, like I'm not super worried about it. If they're really, really stoked to do it, I'm probably gonna say yes. Just for that fact alone. Like yeah, let's give it a go. But I don't necessarily think you would have to do that to have healthy mitochondria. If that's another way to answer the question. What about people that are doing strength training, resistance training first thing in the morning, and they don't have a lot of time, they're getting their kids ready for school. And it's like they want to feel with something. Like what's the best option? Personal preference in terms of feeding or not feeding. The literature would be fairly clear here. I would say our personal experience would match that. Some people are fine, some people are not. If you wanna go just like practical recommendations, Abenan and approaching shake, super easy. A little bit of yogurt, maybe in granola. We have a lot of our athletes that will train in the morning and that's a really common thing. So I'm gonna hold a yogurt, maybe honey, maybe some berries, small six to eight ounces. Right, really small servings. You're talking probably 300 calories, maybe 50 grams of carbohydrate. Like in these rick rough neighborhoods of things, some a little protein 10 to 30 grams, depending on their physical size. Remember some of our athletes are 115 pounds. Some of them are 350 pounds. So like the numbers, very small sizes. It's different for those people. So personal preference, but yeah, our recommendations would be things like that. We don't have too many athletes or clients that we'll intentionally ask them to not eat before they train. Like we sort of talked about. But the easy quick, just get out the door stuff. That's what we're gonna lean on. Like very simple, easy, digesting, small amounts of food. Probably not as much as your full breakfast, but those things will tend to work pretty well. Yeah, I think athletes are less interested in that. And people that are more interested in body recomposition, they're wanting to lose fat, gain muscle, are more interested in, okay, well, perhaps that kind of person that their liver glycogen takes more hours before it depletes. Yeah. And then it's like, well, if I then eat before my run, then I didn't fully depletes the liver glycogen. And so they're not gonna be perhaps undergoing lipoluses and oxidizing patiacid for energy. So what about people that are interested in that are fit and they're not really athletes, but their exercises. And they're interested in just sort of fat loss, body recomposition. The acute timeframe pre-mid post-exercise for those people probably doesn't matter that much. It really isn't gonna have a huge impact. What matters is the days and weeks, the total caloric expenditure throughout the day. This person, if you're training in the morning, you probably have at least 24 hours to recover, right? Even if you're training hard every single day. Most of the time when we get really specific about nutrient timing, it's because a lot of our clientele are training twice or more a day. That's when timing really is critical. Whether you're talking about timing of fat, protein, and carbohydrates. So when we hear people say things like, oh, timing doesn't matter, for the average person, not a huge deal. But for some of our people, it really significantly matters. But what you just described is not. Instead of their person, it was like, I'm exercising, let's just even say seven days a week. Probably most people are doing like five. So even in between that, you've got a lot of recovery time. So what you have before the workout, doesn't matter a huge amount. Whether you have it immediately post, doesn't matter a huge amount. The total end throughout the day, the only caveat is actually what you asked a little bit before. It's personal preference. I don't feel as well. Okay, great. I'm stomach, awesome. That's the context. It's not the physiology of the biology that's to mattering there. It's now personal preference. Or objective data that says we're getting less performance out of this is your recovery slowing down, or in the cases. So overall, I would say do what feels best for you there. And there's not a significant thing you should be worried about. The productivity you're leaving on the table, progress you're leaving on the table, or compromised results from no matter what choice you make. There are whether it is fats, the protein, or the carbohydrates. What about people that are doing time-shroted eating? And the worry of time-shroted eating would be losing muscle. Yeah, perhaps if you're not getting in your protein intake or resistance training. What are your thoughts there? You have a new publication now. You've published in this area. How do you feel about time people that are doing, let's say, a 16-8 time-shroted eating? Yeah, so we actually ran this study. It started in 2019, and we just published it this week. That tells you how that goes. COVID-19 killed us. We had a big cohort study going our last two groups. I was literally days away from doing the final biopsies. And we got pulled out of the lab. And I was begging our people, just let me one day going in biopsie, 10 people. No, they wouldn't. So nonetheless, we ran this study. And one of the things we're interested in is, with time-shroted eating, 16-8, all the research on that area for the most part is chlorchristriction. So how does this thing work for fat loss? And that's fine. Grant Tinsley, I don't know if you know Grant, but he's done a ton of work at Texas Tech. And lots of other groups have done it. You've talked a lot about DREs, 16-8, okay, great. What I was more interested in is what's the opposite? What about the person who's trying to gain muscle? If I do 16-8, what's actually happening here? And because of the way that I operate, I don't care about just a molecular mechanism. I don't care just about body composition. I wanted to ask questions about sleep, about personal preference, about digestion, about how hard the diet was, how likely are you to do it, physical performance. Because when you go into the real world, that's how you make decisions. I want to be able to tell people, hey, this is 16-8, maybe it is better for body composition, but it's harder to follow, or it makes your sleep worse, or it's better for everything. Like whatever combination the answer is going to be, I don't really care, but that's the full context people have in the make dietary decisions. So that's what we did. We took people that were very well trained, and we did eight weeks of strength training with them. And the lab supervised all that already, again, previously well trained, men and women, college age, that was normal. We did biopsies, we did muscle imaging, we did questionnaires, we did sleep stuff, we did blood, we did a bunch of different things. And ultimately what we wanted to see was, okay, we're gonna put them all the same protein load, and we're gonna put them in caloric excess. So hypercloric, not hypercloric. We know the answer what happens with TRE, if you're trying to lose weight. What happens is somebody actively trying to gain muscle. So that's the very unique twist of it. And it was super interesting. The take home message was it didn't matter a ton. As long as you hit your numbers, the results were basically the same across both groups. So standard, four or five, six, feeding's a day versus theory. Now we actually like doubled down on the question, because we actually made the people train in the TRE group in the morning, and then they had to wait at least an hour before they fueled afterwards. So they trained fasted, they didn't recover with protein, or anything like that immediately afterwards, and they stayed in that state until the afternoon. So even despite of that, it didn't significantly compromise muscle growth, or performance, or really anything else. We saw some subtle differences. The TRE group actually looked like it didn't gain as much body fat, because you're gonna do that when you go hypercloric, right? You're gonna, especially if you're well trained, you wanna add muscle, you're gonna bring some fat along the route. I don't know if it was a enough of a different say, and we, I spent a lot of time that day to set. I don't know if that's a real finding to be honest, or if that was just a little bit of an artifact. The counter to it was, as time went on, fatigue got higher in the TRE group. Legs got heavier performance, the legs started to decline. Again, so much so, what I suggest TRE is gonna be bad. No, nobody was like, okay, I think there's something happening here. I think potentially, if we were to change the study design a little bit and give them fuel closer, that would have made it, not exactly sure, we would have to run a separate study design for that. And so if you torture the data a little bit, you might find some subtle differences between the TRE two groups, and they were, this is the significant and the effect size and all those things there. But looking at it from a real practitioner perspective, my general take-home was, it didn't matter a ton. If you're trying to maximize leg strength and maximize leg growth, I probably wouldn't go to 168 TRE, but if you have other reasons to do it, you're still gonna get gains. They still got stronger, they didn't get as strong. Some other issues that happened, but either one of them works. But do you think, again, if they were allowed, I mean, most people after they're done strength training, they eat within an hour, like I immediately, I'm getting protein in me because I need, I just, like, body wants it. So do you think that maybe would negate some of the performance deficits that you found? I think it would honestly, it was more of a carbohydrate issue. Carb of hydrates. Yeah, I think that was the bigger issue because they were going so long without carbohydrates and they were training so hard. And they were doing the same workout multiple times per week. I just think over time, we were also progressing them. So they were being tested every time they came in the lab and the training got harder, right? Like, the traditional progressive overload. I don't think they, I wish we had actually biopsy data for their muscle glycogen levels. But if I had this respect, I think that that was starting to leak down. And I just think the legs were getting, we would say just getting heavier over time. Like it just wasn't handling the volume, because that's actually what happened to the volume that the TR Regrew did started to come down at the end. They just couldn't do as much volume as the other group could do. Okay, at the end of a workout, not like at the end of the end. No, it's the end of the week. Oh, okay. So because we tested them pre-mid and pulse. When were they working out morning or evening morning? Yep, where they were all working out fast. Fasted. They're doing strength training fasted. Yeah. So the bottom line is from your study, which is going to be published soon. Depending on this comes out, it may already be. Nice. Any, any damage. Any dish. Stunned it actually has a high-end. Congratulations. I'm excited. I'm, you sent it to me. I can't wait to read it. You can gain muscle on a 16-8 time restricted eating schedule. It sounds like if you're, if you're doing the training fasted, I mean, there's ways to do 16-8 you can stop eating earlier and not have to be fasted in the morning. Well, so actually, that's super interesting because when I looked at this, I was like, man, I think that's just the better approach. Maybe if they would have done their fasting in the evening afternoon, there's all a bunch of other arguments we could make that that's better anyways. That would be a really cool follow-up. And I would, I'd be willing to bet they wouldn't have had such an indirect, indirect markers of fatigue over time. They just didn't have fuel for a really long time. I could also tell you these things behind. And this is like the veil of people that when you run actual studies, you can make comments about things that are in the paper. The people had a really hard time with the carbohydrates. That was the complaint. And so when you had a whole bunch, you remember, because you're getting some of these people at 600 grams carbohydrate a day. And you got to get that in an eight hour window. It was GI was just destroyed. Like it was a lot of people were like, man, my stomach is just blowing up from 600 grams of carbohydrate. Because you imagine eating 200 grams of carbohydrates, a couple hours later, you got to know that 200 or 200. It was just a lot. Was it so high because you were doing this hyper-colloric? Because I mean, most people aren't doing that many carbohydrates unless they're like endurance athletes. And when we have some big people, right? So if you're 110 kilos and you've got to be at a high-collar, and you're at six grams for kilogram body weight, like those numbers get high fast. So in order to get there, that stuff got there. Even the protein got a little tough as well. So we didn't see how we should have had more subjective questions in those areas. But that would, I would say, it was just hard for those people to hit their numbers. Most of them got there, but there it is like, whoa, I just wish I had another hour. Like give me another two hours. Could I get 50 of this grams of this protein a little bit earlier that I'd make my life so much easier? So I just think from a practical perspective, it was harder for them to follow. It was harder for them to hit their numbers, waiting the whole day, then to start and hit it in a caloric surplus. So if you're not in caloric surplus, different equation here. If you're in a caloric deficit, different equation here. But for people that are pre-trained, pretty well trained, and they're actively trying to get bigger and stronger, it wouldn't be the first approach I would take. But it's still plausible, clearly it worked. They still got benefits from them. But switching the order I think would be cool. Would you say that if they were, let's say they're in a slight caloric deficit, still getting their protein, meeting their protein needs, would they be still gaining muscle, you think? I don't think good again as much. They would have gained some. Right, if you look at, again, all grants work, and a lot of that, high-pricular work state, stuff, sometimes I gain muscle. It can happen, but can they gain it at the same rate as when you add more calories? I don't think so. And I don't think so, because in our particular program, the training program was really aggressive. They were training hard. For really well trained people, I don't think the recovery would be there. I just don't think it would be there. When did they stop eating and how was their sleep effected? So we let them choose their window. So some of them came in at training like seven o'clock in the morning, because I want to start their eating window at 10. But they're college kids. So most of them trained like 10, 11, 12 o'clock in the morning. And they would start their eating windows between one and two o'clock, and they afternoon, like something like that. They panes on if they work or whatever they're there. So we let them shift a little bit. The time domain's had to be the same, but we didn't make them start at noon. Like, you know, they're paying their life schedule. Sleep didn't really change that much. I wish we would have had some of our newer sleep technology. We could have really objectively looked at it at the time. We just had basic questionnaires. So we'll see there. What we did notice is the perceived fatigue and naps increased over time in the TRE group. And so again, a little inclination there of saying, I think fatigue was setting in more. Didn't, some of that didn't land, such as a significant. You start to see sort of multiple things in the same pattern you go, all right. If we run a follow up study there, that might be interesting to focus on. Why is it important for people to have carbohydrates before they're doing strength training? You don't have to. If you can get away with it, you're fine. It's not the thing we're super concerned about, depending on where you're at. If you can get through it, if you're total clerk and take throughout the days fine, if your carbahiter didn't take through it, then it's fine. And depending on how often you're strength training, if you're the typical person who's training the same body part on non-consecular days, then carbohydrate pre-exercises not a big deal. It's totally fine. You can get away with your strength training. It'd be a personal preference again. If you're training though the same muscle group in multiple days or multiple times per day, that's when the carbohydrate timing will matter most. So you can have it before, generally people feel better with it. Performance is usually better, but it's not always. Or if you're someone that is on a more of a hypocoloric diet if you're trying to lose fat or perhaps maintain your weight, you're kind of really kind of watching your calories. Then perhaps you're not having a huge total caloric, totally calorie calorie intake per day that you might want to have carbahiter to not. And we will generally as it's just a high level rule, try to get more of our calories around training. Just period. Regardless of what we're doing, regardless of what type of training, regardless of the person. As a first level thing, that's our preference. We want to either do it pre-mid post. In your example there, if we're trying to bring calories down, we're going to go somewhere else if we can. It doesn't always work that way. People don't always like it, but that is our default position is, yeah, we're going to do more calories in and around the training to support better performance. You perform better, you get better adaptations. That's generally how we look at it. What about people that are more endurance type of athletes? They're out running 10, 15 or more miles, or cycling, biking, what about those individuals? Different equation now, right? So whether you talk about strength training or even endurance training, but as you're talking subs 60 minutes, that kind of a moderate to low intensity, carbohydrate before training for most people's not gonna matter that much. Now you're talking about something different. Really high-intensity exercise for a prolonged amount and or moderate exercise for a longer amount, right? So we'll define longer by plus 60 minutes. Now you will very often see performance improvements with carbohydrates. That said, we have some of our people, some of our friends, a good friend of mine that I will never stop giving him the business on this one, camhains, you know, cam? Oh, yeah, cams great. The worst performance nutrition, you could just possibly dream of, right? Like, he will intentionally not eat and drink water and then go run 18 miles, right? And you're just like, what, like, what are we doing here, right? I've made the argument like, I call PR him and every race he's ever done if he would just like let me tell him, he would just follow what I tell him to do, but he refuses. So you can do these things. This is not a matter of it's impossible, if it's logically, but are you gonna get your best out of it? Probably not. Our dehydrates before exercise, probably three or four hours before exercise, if possible, if you're trying to maximize performance, generally looking at something in the neighborhood of 50 to 100 grams of carbohydrates, that's a huge plus or minus range there, three or four hours before, we were generally looking at starches, slower digesting, like give it time, amount of big spike. Some people, we will tinker with 30 minutes before, something in the neighborhood of 50, 60 grams of carbohydrates, maybe a little bit more. Some people though, kind of deal with the glucose double whammy if you do that, so you gotta be careful. What I mean is, if you take a whole bunch of fast-respawning glucose, things are getting your blood's really quickly. Right before you start exercising, in insulin starts pulling glucose down, muscle starts pulling it out as well, and so blood glucose actually dips. This is like I had a banana and honey right before I started my race, and then I got two miles in and I felt like death. Like, okay, you had two mechanisms at the same time that are independent, that are bringing it down, and blood glucose actually dips quite a bit. Until it lever has a chance to kick in and bring it back to normalized. So you'll feel that response pretty often, so you gotta be really careful with easy digesting carbohydrates right before the event, and depending on how long it's gonna last. But those are like rough numbers to start with. In the exercise itself, the numbers you're gonna see here, somewhere in the neighborhood of 60 grams, up to 100 grams of carbohydrate per hour, which is like if you wanna maximize performance, you'll see the data will show you like 80 plus, 80 to 100 grams. You don't want that easy stuff right? No, now you want the fastest possible. Oh, you do what you're in a race, right? You're moving, right? This is when the goose and the packs and things, it ends. So you're trying to smash it in there as much as you can. I actually just had a guy named Jordi Sullivan, a dietitian in Australia. He was just on my podcast, and he actually coached a guy named Ned Brockman, and Ned did a thousand mile race on a track. So you ran on a track for a thousand miles, and he could took him like 11 or 12 days, something like that to finish. Did he, I mean, how was the sleeping, what was the sleeping life? The sleeping life was the sleeping life. The sleeping life was the sleeping life. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He was just like laid out and crashed her a little bit, and then he'd get up and just like run again. And he just kept going. He, Jordi went through the exact details, exactly what he fed him, the amounts, the concentration. And when you get into things like that, when Michael's getting ready for this 900 mile hike thing, six, Steady 80, 200 grams of carbohydrate per hour is awesome in a lab. And I put you on a bike, and you're in my research facility, like those are the numbers at work. When you cross over into humans, you start getting really tired of go. Like don't want a taste sugary drinks anymore. And so when you get past a couple of hours, a vector size thing you actually start really paying attention to texture and flavor profile and mouth feel. Because that stuff starts to matter, and you can't hit those numbers. They're just not realistic. So if you're going to try to do something like this, pick your poison in terms of the carbohydrate source. This is the past sugars. But if you're going to go for more than a couple of hours, you got to really think carefully about, are you sure you're going to like that taste of that for six hours? Because you probably won't. It's just incredible. I can't believe people do things like that. What about carbohydrate replenishment after a long endurance type of workout? Do you think that's important to replenish the glycogen stores? Depends on what you had started with. So did you feed before or did you not? That is automatically a context. If you fed before, then we don't have to worry about as much directly after. If you're fasted, we've got to worry about more. The other context we have to pay attention to. Again, what's our total cloric intake with our carbohydrate intake throughout the day? And when are we going to train again? Some of our folks, again, training multiple times per day, we are going to go absolutely out of our way to get 100 grams of carbohydrate post-exercise. If it's a hard training session, rough number. Again, that number scales up and down with physical size and cloric expenditure, things like that. If you're going to get into a plane and drive and you're going to do something else for the next two days, carbohydrate post-exercise, like the amount, doesn't matter. It's not a big deal. You're up against a race of replenishment time. If that matters, you want to, again, look for 100 ish grams of carbohydrate, pretty close to finishing. And unlike protein, timing matters. The faster you get that carbohydrate in, that the faster you will replenish muscle and liver glycogen. Protein, as you've covered many times, like timing and a ballach window, like not a big deal at all. But carbohydrate are different. You got to repeat that performance again soon, faster, more, better. If you got a lot of time, then your recovery windows, plenty, then you're going to be fine. Or even if you're just training for a race, right? If you're training like every day, you're probably going to want to get that replenishment in right away. Well, in that case, actually, that's a great point because it's not only necessarily just about recovering for your next workout, but you actually need to train that system. So one mistake we will make when they do endurance events like that is they will forget to mimic the race and training. So then when they get in a training, they try to do something. They haven't done it before. And their body can freak out. This is when you get a lot of GI distress. When you get a lot of your tapering and the week before, all of a sudden your performance is down, you're like, what's going on? When you're doing something different now, then you were doing the last eight weeks. And so yeah, I would actually strongly encourage you to treat your practice races like your real race. So do your pre-mid post-fueling strategies and preparation for that. So then when you show up, your body's like, yep, this is exactly what we do. This is exactly how we handle people for the Super Bowl, for world championship events, for the Olympics. You try to make those big events where they're so incredibly important and there's so much pressure and stress in that, you want to make it feel like a normal practice. This is just what we do. So while most of you aren't going to be on that stage, I get it, when you go around that first five K, like that's still going to be really exciting. It's going to feel like that. Your body is going to know, wow, this is something I care about. Or you go and you finally get to surf that wave that you've been wanting to do. Or whatever the thing is, you go on that hunt that you've been wanting to go after. The thing you can control the most is making your day feel like you've been training. It's a normal process. This is what we do. This is how we warm up. This is the thing we take. The more you can do that, the more consistent response you're going to have, the more predictable response. And that way you can check out of those things and let your body just do what it's been and great to do. So yeah, we definitely recommend that post carbohydrate, after that individual simply for those purposes. What kind of effect does that have on performance? Is it pretty noticeable? I mean, if you're, yeah, it is everything from I bumped what happened. I felt flat, what we like everything went away. What's going on to now I hit the PR. Like if you play with these things correctly, you should feel your best on competition day. There's some of our sports, like this is not possible because of weight cutting and other dumb things we have to do. But for the most part, this is the top of the matters. This is the like there's nothing worse than when you PR a week after competition. Like there's just nothing worse. You're like, all right, PR the week before or the week after. These are little details that make you land on the right day in the right time in that one race, that one event. That's how we help people smash those things and they don't just go, well, we're just going to train kind of hard. And we hope that you show up the day and perform. We want to take all those questions out of it. So yeah, it'll make everything from again. I tanked. I bombed. I failed out to, I had my best performance ever. To kind of go back to the original question about eating for longevity versus performance. Now we're kind of talking about. He or her own question. One still. Well, no, I just kind of wanted to circle back because if we are talking about someone that is racing, right, they're competing, they're trying to PR. They're, you know, all of those things. Then the carbohydrate sources that they're eating aren't going to be what I'm eating. I'm not going to be, I'm certainly not going to be trucking the goo, but like the the fast, like during like intra workout, right, while you're while you're racing or even perhaps like you were saying right before, you know, eating, eating the the quick, like the the stuff that's going to spike your blood glucose quickly isn't typically stuff that people that are eating for a long-javity type of. Like my my carbohydrate sources are typically vegetables, you know, fruits that have a food fiber matrix. Most of the time, I mean, some fruits can hit your your body a little quicker than others that grapes, for example, but, you know, you know, most of the carbohydrate source are more complex carbohydrates. Yeah, so fair point. This is that small sliver difference at the end, right. So again, if we look at your, um, we actually have probably, I don't five females right now that we're coaching that are plus around your body size. So we'll make just equivalents to you and those individuals. We take both your diets for you and all those different girls that are in different sports. They're going to be almost identical, right. So they're going to be heavily focused on vegetables and starches and fruit and all those things. What would that difference be? Well, okay, some of them post training might do, um, a powdered glucose source. So we might give them a carbohydrate supplement. Then we might use a Vittargo or something like that where it's like a scooped carbohydrate where you're probably never having that. You're not having it throughout the day. You're not having it pre-imposter work out. You don't need 60 grams of carbohydrate. That's easily that. So that would be different, right? But what are they going to have post workout? I don't know watermelon. Like they're going to have things that you're probably eating to. Do we have a little more liberty with them to add some more grapes? Sure. But you could also probably grapes, too. You would just take something else like out or move it around or you would have more protein when you have the grapes or whatever different strategies we do. It's really small the amount of goods and powders and things like that that we're doing. We're going to eat 95% of their calories. It's whole real food. You got a little bit of supplements on the end and things like that. But we're not going to spend too much time with low quality foods, even for those individuals. I want them eating real whole healthy foods. So that is it's a really small difference, I guess. So yeah, in some of the situations where for the most part your diet and their diets would be very identical. So fat often gets overshadowed by protein and carbohydrates. Where does that come into the equation of meeting your fitness goals, whether you're in a Durance athlete or strength training or not in a daily in athlete, just someone who's interested in being healthy and exercising and looking for the longevity aspects of diet and exercise. Yeah, so I would say, you position it pretty well. Most people will start with protein, lock that thing in. And then you'll play with carbohydrates in fat as a way to adjust overall Clark intake. And because we know the role of carbohydrates and exercise performance, we will usually go to that second and then fat gets the third consideration like, okay, fine, whatever calories we have left, we backfill with fat. And as long as your fat isn't too low and it's too low chronically, then you're not going to really run into too many issues of having insufficient amount of intake of fat dietary fat. That said, this is something I've changed my tune on a lot. Right, like I come from the classic exercise physiology, academic background, and all those people are carbohydrates first, carbohydrates second, third, fourth, and you're like, fat was always shunned. And I don't think, I don't think I believe that as much anymore. I also, we've experienced a lot. A lot of the people we worked with, they're fine on moderate to low carbide, even high exercises, non-athletes, but they just train a ton. You're talking about guys and girls running 60 miles per week. Right, like, like, like, real high energy expenditures and trends of performance, and they're at 100 grams of carbohydrate a day. They're not in katosis at all. They're not even trying to be, but they just like are fine at 150 grams a day. We're two in a grams of carbohydrate a day, right, for a hundred and twenty to 190 pounds, like individuals kind of about that, just as some frame of reference for numbers there. In that case, their fat intakes are way higher. And they're fine. We're not seeing any performance to increments. They're not having a hard time recovering. Their sleep isn't going down. Like sex hormones are fine. So actually to see enough evidence now anecdotally and empirically, be like, I think actually you're fine. There, I think you're okay. If you're giving yourself a if you're in dodgeiness recovery is sufficient, I think you're going to be just fine there. So what we do with carbohydrates and fat for that person you're describing is, we let personal preference drive us a lot, right? We also will change it just so that you can have some dietary changes, like fat tastes delicious. It's really hard. It's really bland when you don't get to have a lot of fat in your diet. So sometimes we'll bring carbohydrates right down for a while and let them have more fat if we need to manage calories. We don't generally see that much for the average person. Like we don't see that many consequences performance wise. So I don't think most people are going to have this huge like, oh my god, I'm not recovering anymore. If you're doing a normal amount of exercise, I think you're going to be just fine. Some people think if they're eating a high fat diet, low carb diet and they're doing endurance type of exercise, more they're more heavily biased towards endurance training. Yeah. That they're going to be more fat adapted. They're going to be more metabolically flexible and their might of control adaptations are going to be superior. I would not support that statement. I would disagree with that. This is a great one. So the turn metabolic flexibility has been hijacked. And the way that it is described now, locally is not what that phrase ever started to be and it's not what that is intended to be. It's so crazy because metabolic flexibility has gotten, got turned into maximizing fat burning. It's supposed to be metabolic flexibility, which means you have the ability to run the whole gamut. I get it. If you pluck the average person off the street, they're probably less likely to be good at burning fat than they are carbohydrate. So on aggregate, we probably need to get more people better at burning fat. I'm with the on that one. But metabolic flexibility is not just maximized fat burning. Those are not the same thing. And that's how people will often describe that. If you go too hard on one side of the other of the equation, you'll see a whole host of adaptations that compromise the ability to do the other things. That's not metabolic flexibility. That is still specialization. You're specializing the other side of the equation. If that's what you want to do, fine, we're all for it. But we generally like to see people truly flexible on both sides. So if you want to go higher fat in your performance, because you feel better, you like it. Great. If you can demonstrate no issues, we're all for it. But if we're doing it for a theoretical idea, and you don't actually have information behind that, then we're not going to do some more of those ideas. You want to go higher fat? Great. We have had some people, where we've changed around with some number of people. Like we've changed around with different things. We try a higher fat diet, and they actually do perform better. So we stay with that, right? Like even independent of any metabolic flexibility data we've got in them. Great. We're going to stay in that. And then we've had others that are the opposite. So these are these really long, long duration endurance folks that are out there, and they just don't do well when carbohydrates get low. And so we have to have room for both of those realities. Some people will perform better on a higher fat diet for more fat oxidizing, lower intensity things, and some will just do a lot better on those. And to finish up the point, I'm talking about a long duration endurance events that are both fast and slow. So if you look at, to be ridiculous, like we were talking about cam earlier, you look at some rub, you know producer, these guys are under two and a half hour marathon times, right? Cams higher, but you know, rub's a two and a half hour, he's fat, he's going to be burning, I don't know, I don't have metabolic data on him, but 70 to 80 percent carbohydrate in the marathon. So that's a long duration endurance event, but that is not a fat burning event. That is a carbohydrate game, right? If you want to run a marathon fast, that is a carbohydrate game. If you want to run a really, really long one, and you don't care about speed, you're still going to burn a boatload of carbohydrates. But now we can afford to go slower with more fat oxidation. And so when we say endurance, there was also like another level of question, it was like, okay, fast endurance or just like endurance for the long term. So all that goes into our calculus of thinking about how we're going to fuel somebody, how we're going to ask them to recover. To get to the, like, to go back a few minutes earlier, Jordi was talking about this with Ned Brockman, 1000 miles. He's not giving him fat only. He's not on an 80 percent fat, like that is his most fat oxidizing, oxidation, possible thing you could come up with, 1000 dang miles, and he's still relying heavily on carbohydrates to get him through. So I don't know if that actually answers your question, but you can think about like, that's the stuff that we framed against. Well, yeah, it doesn't answer the question. It's basically like, no, you don't have to. You don't have to be eating, eating a higher fat diet isn't necessarily going to make you better at burning fat. Oh, no. And definitely not. I certainly think that, you know, when it comes down to that metabolic flexibility, exercise again, like when you're, when you're doing a lot of exercise, you become your, you actually are becoming met about more metabolically flexible the exercise in my opinion. Absolutely. That don't anything else. Actually, the one thing that's kind of interesting here that does get left, the way that we think about metabolic flexibility is more of an innate human skill rather than an exercise performance one such that I think you all, we all should have the ability to go for six hours and not have any food and still perform cognitively. You shouldn't be angry and cranky because you missed lunch, right? Like that is now you're in the kind of like, you're not super resilient. Whether this is a metabolic flexibility issue or not, if that's happening consistently with you, I would say we have some room to grow with metabolic health, likely, right? You should probably be able to go 24 hours and maintain cognitive function and maintain physical performance. If you ever, you've done some fast and longer fasting stuff, right? You should be able to not eat any calories for 24 hours and still exercise. You're not really able to really have a very much anything. If you're the person who is the like, I can't do anything, I skip lunch or didn't get to then I think we have some stuff to do. But this is more of like you have probably are lacking some innate physiological skills that are going to help you in multiple ways. But past that, the metabolic flexibility thing is not often packaged correctly in my opinion. What do you think about, I've had Marty Cabala on the podcast, I talked about high-intensity interval training and obviously when you're doing a lot of people think when you're doing hit, that it's like this all, I'm only burning glucose, right? If I'm doing so into I'm only burning fat, only oxidizing fat and using mitochondria and they don't realize there's actually a lot of gray going on, like you're doing high-intensity interval training types of exercise, your, yeah, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you know, going above the lactate threshold, your, you're using glucose as fuel, but you're also still using your mitochondria, right? I mean, yeah, we're pushing them hard and there are, there are many things to say about poor understanding of metabolism is, is how to say that. There is no way to fully metabolize carbohydrate without oxidation. You just can, right? Like you can run through and you can do it, it's probably not the most interesting thing, but you can't get very far anaerobicly with even carbohydrate. You have to finish that story a rubically. Does that mean you're fuel in the exercise itself? Is the same as the total net expenditure? No. So in the case of Marty's work and high-intensity yeah, in the actual exercise about itself, you're going to be well above anaerobic threshold. You're going to be well above an RAR of 1.0, right? You're going to get really, really, really, in fact, we have seen many times 1.3s, 1.4s, right, for RAR's or RQ's. That's mathematically impossible. 1.0 means 100%. So what you're mean is like the the the carbon dioxide expenditure is so exceeding aerobic or oxidative intake that your numbers get like a astronomically high. So yes, but that said those anything you just burn there that's sitting either in lactate or in pyruvate or some other intermediate form there, it's going to be finished in the mitochondria of oxidation. You want to recover faster? And I'm talking about within the minutes to hours post-sexual size as well as a couple of days. Now this is a aerobic capacity issue. That's how you handle these things. For RAR athletes that fight in five, five minute rounds like on the UFC, or we do 12 rounds in boxing, whatever the case is, there is a huge aerobic component to that huge. Just despite the fact that they are going as hard as possible, they are pegged, heart rate-wise, and other things, getting them to recover, especially from session to session. The morning work out to the evening work out. The higher functioning aerobic capacity we have there and I don't mean VL2 max per say there. I truly mean aerobic capacity. That is a huge component of their ability to recover and it not be completely trash the next day. The ones that are really, really smashed and aerobically like really high, they can't train as much. We have to back them off more. The volume has to be lower. We have to be really strategic. We run into injuries more frequently. We run into physiologically running into the ground. Our recovery metrics get lower. The taper has to be longer. We have to just make adjustments with calories. They can't handle as much. The ones that are higher in aerobic fitness, like a handle things more. There's consequences to that too, but yeah, that you can pick the highest intensity that you could possibly do. And there's still an aerobic is not two different things. It's the same gear. It's the top-side and bottom-side of the same gear. There's not different units. They're just the front side of the backside of that. So they will always complement each other. They're not distinct things. Look at all of George's work on lactate. We know these answers now. This is not a one system. These are not different systems. These are just the different side of the same coin. Right. Now it's true. I mean, people like to kind of put this, I think Lane explained this and a good way how people like to put things in bins. It's like this bin or this bin. Well, there's sometimes there's a lot of there's not bin. So they're just kind of just overlap. This rarely health physiology works. Right. We have a redundant systems on purpose. I kind of wanted to ask you just because we were talking about the timing of we talked about the antibiotic window for carbohydrates. They're truly, it does seem to be an importance there with respect to at least if you're doing more endurance or retraining. And you want to be ready for the next day. But protein, you know, Stufelips has been on the Cleveland, Lune, your in agreement. They're really the antipolico window is more of a, it's more of the total daily protein intake. Is that? I mean, I guess, you know, when Lane came on the podcast, he said, maybe there's a little something you can squeeze out if you're like top level. Yeah. You know, total growth. Yeah. Power lift or muscle bodybuilder, whatever. Yeah. And honestly, that comes down though to practicality. It's just simply because I said earlier. It's just really hard to get 400 grams of protein in a day. Mm. You just end up having a new protein like all that like yeah, right. Yeah. Just look at Mike Orm's piece work at a Florida state. He's done all that pre bed carbohydrate or a protein ingestion stuff. So it's like 40 grams of protein 30 minutes before bed. Now in all that stuff, he hasn't shown these huge mass of benefits to it. He actually doesn't show any consequences either. So you don't compromise fat. You don't gain more fat. You don't reduce fat oxidation by having this big bowls of protein right before bed. And so the way he will package that is to say, if you're struggling to hit your total protein numbers, this is just another window to get you there. If your protein numbers are fine though, there's no out of benefit here. There's no huge win. So that just is another example, I think, of this point when it comes to the protein game, probably what Lane was saying, like, if this is just maybe a way if you just smack in 15 more grams or 20 or 40, then great. But outside of that, there's no magic benefit. Yeah, Luke and Lune actually did a few studies. I don't know if he collaborated with the person just mentioned, but also on this pre-sleep protein loading where it's like they're giving people protein, of all the protein right before bed. And it does increase muscle protein synthesis while they're sleeping. And again, I think the way he also framed it was, you're getting more of your total protein. You're getting more of that total protein for the day, but also it seems to make a difference for elderly people who are just terrible at making, meeting that protein requirement. For whatever reason, and I know it's just hard to chew food or their appetite isn't it? They don't have a appetite hormones or kind of disregulated whatever the reason. So what I wanted to ask you about because it was kind of interesting, I saw a study where a co-author on with respect to protein, kind of on that sort of same token, people meeting, it's hard for some people to take in 1.6 grams for a kilogram of body weight or more. So they're taking protein patterns. They're during the protein patterns. It's the easiest thing, right? What are your thoughts on Whole Foods versus Pouters? Now you publish an interesting study on egg white powder versus the whole egg. Yeah, yeah. But I'd love to like to know your thoughts in general. Yeah, that was actually a pretty cool study. Whole Food is always the answer. Right? That there's always our default position if we ever have to go to supplements or even supplemental food, like a protein powder or a powder to carbohydrate. That is our second choice. Full stop right there. That particular paper and actually set a studies on the found basically the same thing. So whole egg versus egg white. And it turns out potentially we don't we didn't have mechanisms behind this, but potentially some of the stuff that's in the egg yolk itself was contributing to additional muscle growth. My cronature, it wise might have indeed read a course and like any number of things are called absolutely right. Whether those actually were the case, I don't get we didn't have mechanisms on those. It was just sort of like, why do you think this is happening? I'm even when you match it for calories. Seems to be the case. Nonetheless, the back-eyed your question. Yeah, it's a whole food answer, right? If we can get there with Whole Food and I will say this, we have many of our professional athletes that take almost no supplements. And they definitely don't supplement protein powder. Someone don't like it. It doesn't set well with their GI. You don't have to have protein powder ever. I can't think of a compelling reason why I outside of practical, easier, flavor, taste, whatever. So protein very specifically Whole Food. Muscle growth, Whole Food. There are other use cases for other supplements and things that other strategies, but that is our answer. And I think that the that paper you're referring to showed the same thing. Yeah, I was kind of, I was a little shocked to be honest because protein was equated, calories were equated and they were training and it's the people eating the whole eggs had increases. I guess it was slight in muscle mass. What is strength? Strength also, right? Yeah, but you would anticipate it to be slight. How much of a benefit would a couple of eggs yolks a day plausibly give a healthy person? It shouldn't be much. Had those data come back and it was more than that, I would have been like, I don't know about that. Well, it's a little interesting because you always think about, well, Lucy is the major signal for protein synthesis, muscle protein synthesis. And you would think, well, if it's the Lucy and the egg white powder, it should be, why is there, why is there difference, right? I mean, well, again, this is what like, I just actually funny because when the reviewers came back, it was like, I knew it was going to happen. Everybody knew. And it was that, right? And you're just like, okay, how? We're like, why don't we don't have this? And so you just start making, I get as you mentioned, colonel, and you start making, like, well, plausible this, and then you make, plausible that, and then plausible that, and then plausible that. When you're trying to roll this, there's also some omega-3s in eggs, and you might think, well, the cell membranes, and not maybe the transporters are getting more Lucy-nin who knows. Oh, no, it's right. But I personally, you know, I don't like protein powders, deonist, and it's a processed food. I mean, you look at protein powders, and it's like, never just protein. And so I have every reason to be motivated to eat my turkey burger, my homemade turkey burger. Yeah. You know, versus the protein powder, but I get it. I get, like, I have these like pre-made homemade turkey burgers, you know, they're, they're food, food prepped, and they're there ready to just microwave. I'm not scared of microwave. So easy for me to do, but there's a lot of people that it's like, they're not going to cook something. If they don't meal prep. Totally. Then it's, it's the go-to, right? You know, going, I don't like protein bars. Same thing where it's like, it's processed. It's all, it's all this stuff. Like, you know, so I kind of liked the, um, little extra motivation to say, yeah, go for the whole food. Yeah. Go for the whole food. You know, I have had a love hate relationship with those things as well. Spent many decades, like smashing many scoops of protein powder a day, and then probably went a decade or more with like almost no protein powder. Now I'm back on a little bit more for for other reasons, like they're getting better with some of those things. But if you're asking me what I'd rather do, have a candy bar or have like a piece of whole food, I'm always going to take the whole food for, for, preference, just flavor preferences. Like, I like eating food more than I like supplements. Before we continue, I just want to mention something important. If you're finding these episodes valuable, please consider subscribing to the channel and clicking the notification bell. It's the only way to ensure you'll be notified when a new episode goes live. Many people assume they'll be alerted automatically, but unless the bell is clicked, they won't be. Now, back to the episode. So we talked a lot about, uh, macronutrients. I think there was, you know, I didn't know if there was going back to the fat, just before we move on to the macronutrients. Is there, is there really an optimal fat ratio or timing, I mean, or is it mostly come down to if they perform better, or if they, if that's what they want? Are do you think that it's something that's just not as important as? Carmel, I'll answer the two ways. I'll be short. I actually think it's an interesting question. I think people spend a lot of time studying. I'm open to the possibility that there is way more important in different timing scenarios than we think, but that people just have not done that work. So that's an open-ended question that's never been there. The other way I'll say it is, because of that, I guess, yeah, like I just don't feel like at this point we have any compelling reason to think that it is a critical thing to pay attention to in terms of timing and stuff relative. If you just think about plausibly what these different fueling sources are intending to do, it makes sense that fat is probably the thing you should be third concerned about. You have backup stores of it already. It can be mobilized when you ingest it or you're using on a dodgenous fat. It still happens at roughly the same rate. So on and so forth. So with all that, I think that's our answer, but I'm open. I'm open to other things. What about, you mentioned earlier that you're mostly concerned if people aren't getting enough fat. I'd love to you to explain to people why that is. But also, I'm interested in your thoughts about the quality of fat or some fats better than others. Do some fats hinder performance? Yeah, this is actually a whole category of questions that are super interesting. We grew up in the same nutritional generation. Low fat, low fat, low fat, and then we saw those consequences. Okay, if you are really low fat for a long time, there are a cataclysm of problems that can happen with that, especially if you're combining that on top of hypoclorism. And your conditions, sleep disruptions probably long-term health disruptions in many areas. It's going to be a huge issue. What does low mean? I don't think we have a great definitive number on that, but if it's less than 10% of your calories, again, combined with hypocloric for a long period of time, then you're probably running into all kinds of issues from cell membrane. You don't have the basic building blocks to keep cells together. To the other ones, endocrine health, organ health, a ton transport or health storage health, like it has so many rules in our body. So you don't want to, you want to stay away from those things. Now, pass that terms of fat quality. Boy, how inflamed, your audience is probably a little bit better, but how mad do you want the internet to get mad at these following statements? Right. The truth is all that matters to me. So I can't go with matters to you. You've been clearing your career of how you approach things, but there's just not a lot of compelling evidence that whole fat in itself can be disregarded as always healthy or always bad. Right. So animal fat, vegetable fats, seed oils, right? Well, throughout there, hmm, when managed under all proper situations, we're okay here. Like we're really just okay. You're fine. We're going to handle these things, but you go exaggerating any one of those areas. You're going to run into problems. Right. So if you're eating copious amounts of saturated fat and combining that with low physical activity, hyper, hyperclorism, you're going to have problems. Same thing with seed oils. Right. You're cooking. You process them. You do all those things. You combine, you're going to run into problems there too. So what does a quality fat mean? I always default back to the same thing. I don't want to eat anything that's processed. I don't care. Animal plant, the U-picket. I'm trying to eat whole food versions of everything. And that is true for my carbohydrates, my proteins and my fats. So we don't approach the fats that differently. So I don't deal with it that much because rarely are we going out of a way to give people process foods. Process fats included. So when we're eating for most of our people, they eat animal and I'm a source of it. So we're going to be getting fats from animals in a reasonable amount. We're paying attention to those other factors, vegetables, protein, Whole Foods. So because of that, animal fat doesn't come in huge quantities. We don't have the physical space. It comes in a normal amount and we're okay. At the same time, we're not having to be so guarded against seed oils. Because we're not consuming most foods that come with seed oils. We don't have to worry about that. Right. It's the company. It's the company. Like, this is things are not critically. Some people get so fired up about it. What about olive oil? Great. Albicado oil. Albicado is nuts. I mean, when we make it three fatty acids fish, like, if it's in a whole food, we're going to, like, we have no issue with it. Right? You have to be little bit careful with the exogenous oils, just because of as you're wearing a claw, it can take just to get really, really high there. But do we have our people eat nuts? Yeah, Albicado. Yes. Like, all of the above, whole foods are almost always going to be on our list. You just be careful with additives. You put something in an oil and locality and the sunlight, you know, fill in the blank there. Same thing with nuts. Right? Those can come in locality as well. So we always try to get those things in the appropriate standards and then we don't have any issues past that. So I don't know how much we've successfully dodged or didn't dodge any landlines on that one. But, man, I just don't have a lot of aptitude for the, I mean, we haven't just been hours talking about it because there's so much new ones. You know, that would be a whole other. Thank you. A whole other episode. Thank you for saying that, rather than sort of not to say it. That's one kind way to put it. But my goodness, people. Yeah, there's, there's a lot of emotions involved in nutrition for sure. That was a great way to put it. There's a lot of emotions involved. So micro nutrients, this is an area that, as you know, I'm very passionate about and I think it's a good segue into some supplements that I'm interested in talking about. But, you know, exercise doesn't increase requirements for several micro nutrients. How do you, how do you approach that so that people are more intentional about their diet and trying to get some of those. Maybe talk about some of those micro nutrients and then, yeah, and how. So micro nutrients, vitamins, minerals, phytochemicals. If you're doing your job with nutrition, those things are mostly taken care of. If you're eating the variety of the foods, the type of foods that we've been talking about, the big basic stuff, you're in a really good spot. Now, do we need to go on top of those things and supplement particular vitamins, minerals, nutrients? Context dependant here. Magnizium is one that jumps off, of course, as the one where if our food quality sources were, I don't want to say how they used to be or what we would like them to be. And we had adequate amounts of those in our food, then we would literally just not have to worry about supplements at all. But that's not always the case. So because of that, you can look and you'll see all kinds of numbers about things like magnetism deficiencies, whether that's clinical deficient subclinical or dissuboptimal. I don't know. Some papers, 40% of people, some people, 60%, like those numbers can get really, really high. When you look at athletes because of chloric expenditure and because of sweat and because of how much tissue breakdown that's happening through, then the needs are even higher with them. So I would say magnesium is a supplement. It comes in probably 90% of the people we work with. It's really, really, really common for us to add magnesium is a supplement. We try to add higher magnesium by available foods more. That is our starting place, but we're probably going to add supplements on top of that in addition because it's just hard to get there. You got to be careful with this a little bit though because if you were to look at your magnesium levels in a like a classic blood draw, that's a terrible place to look. The magnesium that comes on your blood work that you get is not an indicative of all of what's actually happening in your body. The vast majority of it's going to be stored in bone anyways and it's super transient. Now there's good information you can get there and there's other ways you can look at it. Markers of it, but I always like to flag that because people get really freaked out. They go in for blood work for whatever reason. They see that and they're like, oh, I'm super high. I don't need it. I could not. Like that's not a good way to interpret your overall magnesium status. Let me talk more about that. But in general, because of those things, we end up adding magnesium is one of our top line micronutrients to pay attention to. So I'll go on for more, but I'll stop on magnesium if you talk more about it. Yeah, no, it's it's I know your fan. Yeah, for sure. I'm glad you mentioned the plasma levels magnesium, which is mostly what's being measured in standard test, I guess. You would get from like a routine physical or something like that. Yeah, you pull it out from your bones and really it's kind of like this, your bones are this reservoir. But the time someone reaches older age, like 50% of their magnesium has been taken out of their bones. It's incredible and it plays a role in osteoporosis. A huge rule. But people aren't really focused on that as much. Yeah, so about if it have the country isn't, as you mentioned, depends on the paper that you're reading and what's being defined as magnesium insufficiency. Most of the time it's looking at what the RDA is. Yeah. So for women, it's about 320 milligrams per day for men, about 420 milligrams per day. And so people aren't meeting that requirement. So they're considered to be getting insufficient magnesium. And so you're talking about half the country, basically. So you've got to want into chance of whatever athlete that walks into your door. There might be not getting enough, right? So that's kind of, I would say that it's good insurance. But then as you mentioned, you know, these athletes are sweating magnesium, they're breaking down tissue, they're, you know, urinating more. I mean, there's lots of like it's coming out. It's coming out. And so they can require up to 10 to 20% more than the RDA. And so if you're not even meeting that RDA, it makes sense to supplement. Now I've heard you talk about different magnesium supplements like magnesium citrate, being one that is often preferred for recovery. Well, magnesium source is different. Back when we were kids, you had to be really on top of this because of ineffective forms of magnesium and because of gidistress, most supplement companies have cleaned that up. So now you can look at, uh, this glycinated is a really common one. That is fine. Citrate's fine. Obviously three nights become more popular now. Any of those are generally okay, or it's the old forms, the oxidates, the different ones like that that you like really had to be careful of. But you're generally okay there. They've also, in large part, uh, dose these things so that gidistress is not huge anymore. So this is actually something we would we would pay a lot of attention to way back in the day. But for the most part, you're okay as long as your dose is reasonable. If it is giving you problems, then you can go down a little bit or you can try different form. But we haven't seen, uh, did huge differences between various forms. Um, they're all basically getting to the same spot. It's like most of our people coming in, the closest accuracy you can look at is like it's not uncommon for us to see people below 250 in terms of their intake. So like you said 3, 2, 1, 400, like, and that's not an athlete. That's that's the standard person. Athletes can be four. Sure. 100% more. Yeah. So we actually if generally found our non-athlete are normal people population, it's generally higher with magnesium intake. Our athletes tend to be lower. Um, that's a little bit of, well, that's a lot of selection bias. Someone's coming into work with me. They're probably pretty health conscious. They're eating more meat, less greens. The athletes are not like always health conscious. So it's a little section of my say a bit like really common. I'm like so much so to be candid. I barely look at it anymore because I'm like, I just know. Like I assume you're going to be low until you prove otherwise. But yeah, the forms of it. Um, yeah. What kind of dose do you typically and and have you noticed, um, it affects performance or do you already are they are de supplementing with it? It's not really. No, most aren't actually surprising enough. Most are not taking with it. Standard dose juice. If you look at the big high quality brands, 150, 200, something like that in that range, right? That's going to usually take a scoop of scoop and a half if it's a powdered three pills, capsid, it's capsule like something like that. So those would be sort of our starter dosages. We have gone double that plenty of times. Again, context, we deal with many 300 plus pound people. So when we're doubling it, I'm not doubling it for the 100 and you know, something, nothing pound, uh, individual. So we can get high there. The only real drawback in general, as you know, when you start tinkering with vitamins, you have a range of like, okay, not a big deal to like really big deal. Final chemicals, antioxidants, send there, minerals are different. You got to be careful with rocks, right? Magnetism, those are pretty nerd. It's okay. You start tinkering with iron. You got to really be paying attention. You start tinkering with other rocks. You got to really understand that magnesium seems to be like pretty okay. Like the worst thing we're going to deal with is GI distress. And as I talked about like most people are okay now, it's not a big deal. So I'm not super concerned with going a little bit aggressive with magnesium because of that. Because we also are asking so much other men in other areas of performance or movement, it's one I'm saying like don't worry. Just a ton about the dose of GI on that one. If you're a little bit high, you want to go a little more aggressive. I'm fine at that. We will see some people bit respond very well in terms of physical recovery. Totally subjective. They feel like their legs are not a sore anymore or they're not getting as much. I don't know if that's actually happening totally honestly. I don't know. We will see pretty pronounced improvements in a bunch of sleep metrics, that seems to be in that's all very objective. Our safe technology is incredibly advanced that we use. It's not just a consumer wearable. So we have a ton of metrics we can look at there. And that one seems to be a really clear jumping off point. And it doesn't seem to matter which form we use. That was my next question. Yeah. Doesn't seem to be surprised. No. There's been actually probably two or three papers in the last six months on three and eight specifically. We're finally starting to get human trials. Need more work. But we haven't noticed a big difference between forms. Most people are on three and eight right now. But not a big deal for us. What about, so omega threes. And I do want to talk about we're going to get into recovery and supplements for performance as well. But omega threes is another one. I personally, as you probably know, think that most people are not getting enough omega threes. In fact, if you look at data on omega threes index, people are mostly not. They're in the low range. And there's a lot of longevity reasons. And a cardiovascular health information, why getting up to a higher omega threes index would be ideal. And most people, there's been studies showing that taking around 1.5 to 2 grams a day. We'll get you there from out 4% omega threes index, which is low to an 8% omega threes index. Hi. And how do you approach omega threes from performance perspective? Have you seen the data on omega index and professional athletes? No. I think the total quote me here, but you know, make the point. I think that the NBA data was like 50% or below five. It's still low five. Yeah, it's just like very low. Stunningly low. No, nobody is at 15. Like it's just like you just don't get enough. The numbers might even higher. It's outrageous. So yeah, magnesium is a pretty big staple. And unless we have strong contraindication, pretty much everyone's going to be getting omega threes as well. I know, again, another like we'll throw it out there. Yes, I saw the aphib paper, like everybody is aware of the omega threes and heart flutter, heart palpitations. Great. Um, if you are a cardiologist, you can treat that however you'd like. If you're concerned about work with your cardiologist, do whatever you want. But outside of that, there's so much other information, so much benefit. So many rational reasons for omega threes that we use it very consistently. We always start food first, blah, blah, blah, all the things. But because of that, I'm moderate to low dose of omega threes. Yeah, I'm safe place to go. Yeah, on the on the aphib thing, um, there's, you know, it seems to be at a foreground, super high dose range, foregrounds, ethylastore form. Yeah. And also the recent paper that came out the, it was a correlation paper. It wasn't a wrong way to control. Bill Harris has had publishing and response to that. It was a like terrible statistics and all this stuff done. So anyways, you see the attitude for that. By the way, yeah, it was like extremely low. Like not take it. Yeah, no, it's it's not so I think it was just creating a lot of anxiety. You know, no, no, of course, there's people that maybe have a family history or prone, maybe shouldn't be taking five grams of ethylastore, you know, high vissita, whatever, a day. But um, and I got torched for that recently. Really. Yeah, I was talking about somewhere people flew off the hand. Oh my god, like you have to pay attention past line, the top line. You do. And the absolute effect is like again, it's like one of those things where you're going to have to spend a little bit of time talking about all the nuance to like really convey everything. You can't just do a little like, you know, sound bite. It's just not people are going to have their emotional response and that's that. There's also like just the humans are weird. You can't pick a exercise, a supplement and nutrition thing that we've ever done, where somebody of the seven billion of us won't throw their hand up a go. Oh, I did that. And I had this crazy negative response. Right. Like, yeah. Yes. Like totally happens. And I believe you. I trust you. I can't explain it. Right. Physiology is wild. There's new ones here. People respond differently. Not to mention that maybe it was something else. I mean, like you never really know, but totally have you. So I had a young professor on the podcast, Chris McLory, and he's been doing some pretty pioneering and interesting work. He trained with a couple that couple of the big guys, Stu Phillips is one he trained with. But he does work on on high dose omega 3 and disuse atrophy. And he's done a couple of randomized control trials showing has to be preloading because it's completely independent of the inflammatory effects and time inflammatory effects of omega 3. Right. Where it seems to be, you have to like get these people on omega 3 for at least a month. Right. They're doing like four or five weeks before the track, before before the trial starts. So they have to be loaded up. That's how long it takes to lay in some memories. And it's accumulating in their cell membranes and their muscle and people then have a disuse event. So he'll cast or whatever on them. And it cuts disuse after for you like in half. And he's like, you know, trying to figure out what's going on. But it appears to be sensitizing muscle to amino acids. So it's almost like what exercise is doing. Yeah. So which is of course when you're having a disuse event, you're not exercising. And so but anyways, it's something interesting I kind of want to throw out there and get on your radar because it's kind of in your world. And yeah, look, when you'll see a cornacopia of things like this. When you take people, I was soon, I don't know his population database in that trial, but I would assume it's fairly inactive on healthy people. Women, young women. Okay. Only reason I'm saying that is you just seems to see these type of crazy things happen. When you go from like somewhat suboptimal to poor health and you just get them back to baseline. Wild stuff just starts happening like this. I have no idea we could probably get a whiteboard out and start tossing up mechanisms to figure out what's positive happening there. But you could inferred as, okay, a healthier cell membrane probably then can do a bunch of things that it was trying to do. But what wasn't healthy enough to do, however we want to turn healthy. And now what can could be a reactionary response? Could be all these things? Yeah, awesome. That is quite different than going from already pretty healthy. There. So I would imagine that case if you take people who are already pretty healthy to the same thing, you wouldn't see as much a response. But that goes the point of saying, okay, now given the fact that most people are not already pretty healthy. These were healthy women. I think I think that generally speaking healthy, so we're looking at the effects of omega 3. They weren't high. They didn't have high levels of omega 3. Right. So the idea is, you take someone that's already eating fish, they're supplementary with omega 3, they're exercising whatever. So you put them in the disuse event, whether if not moving a limb for four weeks or whatever. And healthy or not, they're going to lose muscle mass. So it's kind of interesting that you take some like omega 3s which are known to affect transporters, receptors, anything embedded in the cell membrane and makes it better. It means making it functional. So when you have a deficiency of it, they're not as optimal. So it's kind of interesting because it kind of for... Yeah, for me it's not just important for elderly people and perhaps a surgery or an event, a disuse event you can plan for. But I think just injury, like in general, having these omega 3s in our cell membranes built up to that level already would be important. But also, what about recovery? Have you looked at omega 3s in recovery? At all. Not in my lab ever. Yeah, I don't think... I don't think I've spent a ton of time outside of the obnoxious again going from deficient super low just to back to a standard number going from good to high. No, I don't think I have anything super interesting to say on that stuff. Well, to be determined some other time, I do want to get into some of these performance enhancers and this is kind of, you know, it's an area that I'm interested in myself. As we were chatting earlier off camera, I had recently had Darren Kando on the podcast and he's been a lot of research in the creatine world. So I'm kind of curious. I take creatine now. But I wanted to ask you about the top sort of performance enhancing supplements and then we can kind of get into some of those, just kind of what your thoughts. I'm sure creatine's at the top of the list. Yeah, of course. How's that not going to be on the top of everyone's one? The way that we would think about supplements in general is number one, remove, reduce, try to eliminate any physiological insufficiency. Whether that is coming because of chlorocrystription. So we have dealt with a lot of people whether this is again as our athletes or non-athletes where chlorocrystription is a thing. And I'm saying that because that's why supplements tend to be helpful. I would prefer you to get all your stuff from food. But when food is limited for a bunch of different reasons, now we can use supplements to backfill vitamins, nutrients, minerals, and a much other stuff. That is our top line performance enhancement. When your physiology is in a healthier spot, it will perform better. So we can get into betaalanine and other things for sure. But that's really important for me to state because that is where we have actually seen by far the most enhancements in performance and recovery and sleep and cognitive function. You name it. It's by just making sure we call them performance anchors. You don't have any anchor behind you. Nothing's just like dragging your physiology down. We get that thing solved, get it up back to normal. And then for the most part, I want to step away. I want to let your physiology just run how it wants to run. But if we have big holes, we plug them first. Whether you want to pick your metric is again recovery, muscle growth, testosterone levels, like pick your thing that's going to get your brain most excited. That's where we see the most impact, like by a landslide. If your house is cleaned up there, now we can get into creatine, betaalanines. You can get into fatigue blockers. You can get an stimulants. You can do it in a whole bunch of things like that. Adaptogens is a whole host of things we can cover there. But that part of the equation is where you will most all of you will most likely see your biggest benefits. Right. So pretty much the things we've been talking about. You want to make sure you're optimizing your diet, making sure you're getting your micronutrients and magnesium, vitamin D. I'm sure. Yeah, we do this actually quite differently. We spend a lot of time on a bunch of biomarkers. So we take a ton of blood, a ton of urine, stool, and saliva, and we get really precise with vitamin mineral nutrient recommendations. I wait, we target getting into that on the podcast without exact examples. But that's where we get. So yeah, we can start off with general recommendations. But being precise to physiology, we're able to paint pretty good molecular portraits of people and figure out what's happening with them over time and then get really specific with recommendations. Pass that then is when we get in like our direct performance answer. So that's how we handle that equation. Yes, some people are really into measuring and trying to to, you know, quantify their deficiencies and their efficiencies and see what's best. But not everyone, just not everyone's going to do that. Right. So some people, you kind of put them in that in that bucket of, okay. Yep. If you're sent to the country, it's not getting enough magnesium. Yes, people, not any, you know, omega-3s, the vitamin D again, you know, more than half the countries, not getting enough because we're spending all over time indoors. And so you kind of, you kind of go for the the biggest ones that you're like, probably going to help. Right. Yep. It's always better to measure things, though, right, especially with things like vitamin D, where you can measure it. It's a simple test and most doctors will do it. Yep. And like a vitamin D is a good example of. It's also one where I feel pretty good with you just taking vitamin D without a test. I trip in if you just like, I want to take vitamin D. All right. I'm probably cool. Like, what's the worst is going to happen? Not much. Very limited downside. Strong likely, hood your low. Even if you're not low, very little harm here. So there's most of the things we've talked about. You don't need any test at all to go do. Some things I'm going to say, like, we want to see actual markers on this before we start tinkering with that. We consider like minerals in particular. Be really careful of you have big downsides in them. But yes, most people, the big stuff we're going to put you in a better spot. And that's what the pay attention to. So the minerals that are sort of not as risky would be the magnesium. Now, iron you said iron is something that probably more focused on with male, sorry, females that are menstruating, right? Yeah, premenopausal females. Yep. A lot of them can become low iron. And in red, like, reds a really common thing to pay attention to. So this is a concern you have with relative energy deficiency. Right? So if you're not only combining being female as well as a lot of cloric expenditure and calories are moderate to low, then we have all kinds of problems we have to pay attention to there. So there's this a whole bunch of other factors that go into that. Iron gets really complicated really fast. So we can come back that one on a different day. But don't you also, like, as an athlete, you're kind of like you're losing your, you know, tear down like red blood cells are being torn down and so you're probably losing even more iron. No, okay. So there is a thing that we will talk about for many decades now, called heel strike comoluses. This is exactly what it sounds like. If you run a lot and your feet smash the ground, when your blood is going past the bottom of your foot, just normal blood, moving through your body, and that blood is between your foot and the ground and then you smash it, you will smash your blood cells. We see this on our combat athletes, right? So you have physical things hitting your body. You will physically smash those red blood cells. You will smash that iron. And so yeah, it's not just menstruation. It's not just breaking down a tissue. You will actually physically smash around red blood cells. So it is a huge concern for not just females, but young old. Like it's a whole thing. Iron is, but it's also insanely related to sleep quality. So you will see numbers go all over the board when you are having twin contractors that night because you're having mild sleep out now or other disturbances. So the numbers that you're paying attention to there, they really throw people for a loop when they're blood work. So you got to be really careful and paying attention to that. And as I said, that's not an innocuous supplement. You can't just smash it and just be like, oh, just take some more. Not a good idea at all. So, so you definitely want to measure your iron, your ferretine, like what are the main things? Flaunch ones. Yeah, I would say that there's probably at least seven markers that we would pay attention to before really truly understanding what's happening with your overall iron status. Everything from hematocrit to hemoglobin, ferretine, of course. But then you have even like red blood cell magnesium concentrations. And maybe probably the closer to 10, actually, I would pay attention to. Mean corpuscular volume. There's a bunch of different things that we would look at. So yeah, we'll come back to that one just because I'm I'm stopping myself from going. It's going to be a 40 minute. God, part, right now. Okay. Because the reason why I don't want to do right now is you can't get your toes deep in this without just making more confusion than not. Yeah, God, it's one of, okay. Well, you mentioned stimulants, cognitive enhancers and that's something I'm interested in starting with, of course, caffeine. Sure. And that's probably one of the most widely used stimulants globally. And I'm sort of there's I've come across a few studies where caffeine, if used before exercise, seem to enhance fat burning. Like pretty significant, you know. And now this is not, and some of that's already an athlete in doing long amounts of endurance exercise is not going to make a difference. But someone like myself, I'm running like a 30 minute, doing 30 minute run or I'm doing a 20 minute hit. I don't know. This might make a little bit more of a meaningful difference to me. I would, I would be skeptical on that one. The caffeine works. No question about it. It works as an organic benefit. You will perform oftentimes better. That's it. So there you go, right? Like if you burn more calories, train harder, what faster? Yeah. Now, will it have a leipolitic effect? Yeah, you take it right now. You will see free fatty acids go up in your blood. That will happen. You don't do anything with it. There will be restored and placed right back in their position. So if you look at the research on even fat burners, you're not going to really significantly aid in fat loss, right? Stimulants, caffeine, combinations of them. They are in acute effect. If they are used, then to train better, more frequently, more motivation, work harder, great. Sometimes they have an appetite suppressant effect as well. But that's how they're getting to any substantive fat loss rather than the actual mechanism itself. Absolutely. Yeah. So it's essentially just you're working harder, kind of like with creatine, right? You're more volume training, total growing better. And so whatever the reason motivation, what about the dose of the caffeine? Is that, yeah, I mean, typical dose was you're going to look at something like most is 150 to 400 milligrams. Iish on those things. We way back in the day, people were tinkering with like 10 grams per kilogram. Millagraph per kilogram. So you're getting really high dosages and you're like, you're in these trials and you're just sitting there and you're like, your head is going to explode. Like these numbers are outrageous. 4 to 5 is like more of a standard. When now, which is going to equate to that, you know, like 2, 300, 400 total milligrams depending on your body size. You start crossing past like 500 milligrams caffeine and like you might have an existential event. Like you're going to be like, what is happening? And I just remember saying there with other students and stuff just being like, I just want this to be over with. You just do not feel good at those high dosages at all. Yeah. So the downsides would be at a higher dose or I guess depending depending on the person some people are presensitive. But how can someone know if they're, it's actually affecting their performance. Like, okay. So that's actually there's there's a lot of conflicting research as well on adaptation. So there used to be this idea that you want to desensitize yourself to caffeine. So even if you're a normal habitual caffeine user, let's just say an average dose of caffeine and say a coffee or an espresso is 200 milligrams, right? Like whatever t is less and you get the idea. So if you say you do two those a day and you're like a three to 400 milligrams per day user, you would come off of it entirely for a day or five days or something like that and then you would reintroduce it and you would have this like super response. You will feel that. But the question was, is that actually then doing anything for performance? People would do this in like the power lifting away lifting worlds, any even in the endurance worlds for a long time. But there's more recent data that suggests that it probably doesn't matter. There doesn't seem to be a correlation well, it doesn't seem to be a hundred percent crossover between your perception, your personal stimulation of it and the performance benefits. Those seem to be disentangled quite a bit. So even if you're normally at 400 milligrams a day and then you take your normal 400 milligrams dose and you don't feel anything different, you might still have those performance benefits. You don't have to feel like you're you know like super stimulated to get that thing. So that those data have changed over the years. It's gone back and forth. This has to be novel or it looks like doesn't really matter that much. So that game of like do you run a resensitizer, desensitizer yourself? I leave it up to people. Whatever you want to do, generally we don't worry about it. But it seems to be the performance benefit. So how would you know if your performance is getting better? Do you have to have some objective marker of performance like are you lifting, are you running like what are you doing? Are you are you either going more? Well back, the two ways we would typically do this in the lab is like a time trial, right, or maximum performance. So you can play the game. So you can say we're going to lock this in at 30 minutes and say how much work can you get done in 30 minutes? Oh you got more work done this time than you did without the caffeine. Or the opposite. We're going to run a 5k and does your time get better. Like those are the kind of like the two ways to pay attention to it. And you'll generally see benefit in both of those scenarios. What about, um, what about music as a performance enhancer? Yep, you'll see that. Like pretty consistently. You'll see that actually even with muscle growth. So intentional playing of a music generally will give you a small benefit in muscle growth. Mechanism there being obvious. Like probably are happier. You're probably training more. Probably training harder. The type of music doesn't seem to matter. That much seems to be pretty independent. What are you everyone like you want? Death metal? Cool. You want to play jazz? Cool. Really? It doesn't seem to matter. I'm not to doesn't have to be. The only thing you'll kind of see here is tempo. Generally higher tempo better. Like you don't want to be down, slow. I don't know like what those beats would be actually. But anyways, past higher tempo stuff would generally be like a we actually ran a study in my lab years ago. Where we had professional drummers come in. This is totally unrelated. But we ran a bunch of metabolic equivalents. Like we have put on a metabolic cart. I looked at VO2 Max during drumming. I've a bunch of different like songs things like that. I looked at the clerk expenditure. But yeah, nonetheless, music pretty good idea for most people. So I first talked a little bit about you and Andrew Hubertman talked about Rodeolo Rosedea. Yeah. And I've been sort of interested in this as a fatigue, reducer, cognitive enhancer. I'm kind of interested. How does it work? How does it compare to caffeine, you know, dose? All those things. Yeah, Rodeolo has been around for a long time. I've probably been using it. I don't know. At least a decade or more. It was always hard to get and you were like scared of where you're going to get it from kind of thing. You really know. Now we have enough data on it. There's quality providers and SF certified places and such. More research is coming out muscle endurance in terms of how many repetitions can you do of 30 reps versus 35 reps? Like that kind of muscle endurance. And then we're seeing benefits. Otherwise Andrew talks a lot about he feels cognitive stuff from it. I don't really personally there. But to each their own. How is it working? Nobody knows. We don't really have outside of like stuff in yeast and I think there's just some fruit fly data. There's not a lot of mechanism here. I could guess. I could spout out in a adaptogen. What is it? Well, polyphenol. What is it? We both. Right. So you have both of those effects. But the only little bit of mechanism data is maybe cortisol. Right. Maybe something HPA access, maybe dopamine, maybe serotonin like something's happening here. What you will generally see is if you look at markers like heart rate variability. What will often happen with rodeola is the same dose of high intensity exercise. When you use rodeola will not drive HRV as much. That's why we say it's like an adaptogen. That's why it mitigates the stress response. I have not seen any evidence that rodeola would do something like improve baseline resting HRV over time. So it's not like a recovery agent. But it seems to make harder higher intensity exposure things, not as damaging. Without compromising performance. Right. Okay. So it's not compromising adaptations. Correct. In fact, the some data like I've indicated that, the most of the research suggests actual performance and enhancements from it. We're just now with the cortisol and stuff we're speculating. Because at some point if you actually block cortisol response, then you actually inhibit stimuli. Right. Which you don't want. So our hands are up in the air. I haven't seen anybody really do a lot of human trials and figuring out definitive mechanisms. It's hard to get funding for these sort of things. That too. But yeah. What dose do you need to get the performance enhancement? Is it like dependent on your body weight? Always. Right. But most products are going to be something like 150 or so is like a reasonable starting point. I haven't really seen like we've tinkered with really high ones. There's some of some papers. I think it's done like 800 milligrams. Like weigh up there. All at once. Like one dose. Yeah. I'm not good at lighting and so we haven't tried that too. Does it make? Does it have a caffeine effect or is it totally different? No, no, no. So you don't feel like no. Yeah. No great question. It's not a, yeah, not not stimulated like that. We actually have a scene like changes in sleep or anything like that. I will always take it in the morning personally. If I'm going to use it at all, we generally come in the morning just in case. But no, not stimulated. That's it. It's generally the good thing to think about it is you take it. If I already put you in a placebo controlled right now and gave it to you, you wouldn't know. I don't think you feel like on it. If I gave you beta-alanine and if I gave you caffeine or you'd be like, well, you know there. But we could blind you to wrote it almost really and you wouldn't know it. And what about in terms of like you said you said taking the morning just to be safe, but like if you're wanting a performance enhancement, you can take it a night. No problem. So it's like it's like something that's in your system for a certain amount of time. It doesn't have to be like right before you work out. Yeah, we will use it chronically. Okay. Yeah, but again, we're speculating here because we don't know where we have mechanism. We understand at least roughly how a beta-alanine or sodium-bicarbonate are working or caffeine. I don't actually know. So I should back up. I don't know. I have to get a question. We are not super worried about it that you have a right before your work out. But I guess it's plausible that we should. But we're not. Yeah. Today we don't. Well, 150 milligrams. I guess I'm going to try that out and see. I kind of want a little performance enhancement in my, especially in my strength training. My CrossFit stuff. Yeah. I think that is a pretty good place where you would likely to see some benefit there. That would be a good place to try. Okay. You mentioned the beta-alanine, I want to get to that in a minute. But before it, because we're kind of talking about performance enhancement, there's this whole category of these blood flow enhancers. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. And there's like the beetroot juice, beetroot extract. And then there's the citrillion, arginine. Yeah. So I'd heard of the beetroot juice and, you know, these nitric oxide beasters. But the citrillion, arginine, or something that I haven't really, I mean, arginine, I know about for blood pressure, but not for this performance enhancement. And so wondering, and Durans type of exercise or high-wrap type of exercise, I mean, is this something that actually can make a difference in someone that's already well-trained? Is it like not well-trained people? How much? Yeah. Talk about what it's doing. Sure. There's actually a lot of research, right? And Jones has done so much stuff here. He's done a ton of work on it. And there's a lot. Like you're talking about a solid decade or more in lots of populations, lots of different stuff. So it is really well-study. It's funny to bring it up because it gets no love. Like people don't talk about it. I'm much despite it's not a small amount of research here. If you want to especially stack up like rotiola, you have a mountain to go on with beer, reduce, and you have a pebble on rotiola. We like it. We use it a lot. We use a ton of different forms over the years. It's great because it is not a stimulant. So you can take it in the evenings, and it doesn't compromise sleep at all. We will use it a lot for our individuals who are either exercising a night or training multiple times for a day, and they're stimulants coming in but they still have high fatigue until they want to use it in the evening. So that is our common use case. You see it a lot in the endurance world, particularly the steady-state endurance world. So cycling, swimming, running, things like that. You're talking about nitric oxide. This is a vasodilator. You're going to open up blood flow. You will feel it. If I were to put you in that blind test right now and I gave you any of those forms you mentioned, you will be like, something just happened. There's no blinding to those studies. So this sounds like if it's increasing blood flow, I should make your cognitive new, make you cognitively more sharp as well. Yeah, well, yeah. You'll, I don't like that. We're talking beetroot juice or we're talking citrilling and arginine. You're going to have a same answer for basically all the above. There will be noticeable effects. There are differences between all three of those. If you were to take literally beetroot juice and concentrate it in like a three ounce shot, you could see the same stuff here. Most of the time with like citrilling and arginine, though, you're getting really high concentrations. I don't know typical dosage of those off thought my head to be honest, but what you're going to normally see there is a very pronounced stimulant effect. Like it's not going to be caffeine, but you're going to be like, especially citrilling. Like you're going to see that right now. You will see, if you go to the gym and you take any of those forms, particularly the arginines are falling out of favor. They're not as popular anymore for a host of reasons, but even the beetroot stuff, like you will see a pump, a physical pump, like you will see. I was reading about that. Yeah, yeah, that's not, let's not fake at all. What's better beetroot juice or beetroot extract? I mean, I typically go for the low sugar, which would be the extract. Yep. But does it matter? Does it matter? We use extract more. You could make a compelling argument, though, that juice is better. You could do that. So it kind of depends on multiple parts of that equation. We use the powder, though, for a bunch of different reasons. A lot of them are practical. A lot of them are travel related. Right? You don't want to take a whole bunch of juice with you and your plane and you're flying all around it for places and you're just like, all right, I can take the powder supplement. It lasts longer shelf stable. If we're talking about like antioxidant polyphenol properties, but we know we're losing them the powder. Like we're probably losing some of that relative to the juice. Okay. But then we're going to backfill that with whole foods and other things there. So lots of research on both of those. I would say a lot of people would say would prefer juice. I would think is a fair thing to say, but I'm not fully against powder. Well, if you're going for the powder, what kind of dose can you, do you have to take it, how have, have soon before exercise? Can you take it chronically? Is it going to stop working? Can I start taking it before my podcast and we like how does work? You can, if you put a scoop in there right now, you would know that you did it. There's no question. So you can take it, you're talking about five minutes to take effect. Like it happens fast, like really like like caffeine. Like you're going to have a pretty acute effect of it. And it will last, I think you can think of it like caffeine. It will last probably three hours. Yeah. Some people are going to metabolize a fast or some people are somewhere. So it is not a short lasting thing. It'll be there for quite some time. So if you're going to use a for performance benefits, whether it's in the podcast room or in the weight room or dealing with the assembly at your kid's school or whatever thing you got to get through, yeah, right before would be the time to go about it. We will sometimes use it hours before exercise. When we have high fatigue, high motivation issues, right? So you're like, you start having these associations like, let's say for example, we have somebody training like four clock after noon. And at two o'clock, this is when we start having problems with like, I'm going to train today, my non, or whatever. All right, let's give them a little hit right there. And we don't want to go to caffeine. We don't want to go to other stimons like that. So we'll simply use it as like an afternoon, pick me up, if you will, for even on an honor, exercising day. If we're trying, especially if we're trying to get caffeine out of somebody's equation or lower it in the afternoon. So use it. That is just simply like a, okay, motivation's back up. I'm feeling good again. And I'm ready to go. You'll feel it. Can you use it with caffeine? In other words, like, okay, so what are the downsides? I mean, it affects blood pressure, presumably, the right. I think I remember reading studies about that years ago on at least beat route. This is nitric oxide, right? Right. So this is your primary health concern is going to be anything related to blood pressure. Right. So you handle those equations. Our downside, GI, like GI distress is going to 100% be there with with beat route or with citreline. All the above, particularly the beat route. So the juice there. If you eat beats and you forget and then you go to the bathroom. Like, so like, that's the part of your like, oh, you like, you can freak people can freak out and they forget that they took her to the on a wire. So you can have things like that. But as long as you're not GI issues, I'm very minimal concerns outside of if you have a gen medical conditions that you gotta pay attention to. Do you have a preference to citreline versus beat route? We will beat route. Why? Yeah, generally we're going to be there. The issues issues is a strong word. The slight things we've had to consider with citreline is power. Like, it's just too powerful for some people. They're just way like, whoa, like, this is too much for me. I don't like it. I don't feel it. So you can titrate those dosages down. The other again issues around the world. It's used to strong. But the other like little bit of like, ah, we've had is, why can't I just get this out of close something closer to whole food? Okay. So if that is your preference, then we can go back up a little bit to beat or beat reduce. But that's not a strong argument. Yeah, what about just baking some beats? Would you get a similar effect or would it not be concentrated enough? Probably, like 15 years ago, I had a friend who, you know, actually you met before who did this and he would blend beats like in a blender. In a smoothie or something or like, you could call it a smoothie, but he would like juice it and blend it and he would do a combination. It was probably like 8 to 10 whole beats. He would consume pre workout and he did it about three times I think and two or the three times he's just threw up everywhere and then he's like red, but you can. It's a dosage issue, though. Like, right, will you get a small benefit? I can't, like, I've never personally felt like a blood flow benefit for meeting a bunch of beats personally. Some people say that they do, but you wouldn't get the dosage. That's why they're juice. That's why they're concentrated. Now, you said, Argentine is falling out of favor. Why, why is that? Okay. So like you're probably pretty aware of nitric oxide metabolism. You can't just consume nitric oxide. Nitrite nitrate like me to even it like you toast, right? So then the argument is, oh, come, come, you go back up the chain. Like can we go up to origin? Can we go back up the thing? So the first up on that train was Argentine and then the issue you're going to fall out there which is almost always the case with supplementation was bi availability. Like, how can we just get enough of it? And that one just seemed to fail. I'll just, it seemed to get better once we started going there. And then there's other concerns, cold source and things like that that started popping up that people were like, not super stoked about it. So, citrillene seems to be the better approach to that. Right now. That's the short bird. Okay. Got it. Yeah. The the Argentine is used for viral replication. And I think that was kind of an interesting, I mean, I've never tried, but I was reading a little bit about the cold sore things. I guess if someone has herpes, colds or whatever, that might flare them up or something, but I'm going to try the beetroot. It's totally worth it. I experimented with it like 10 years ago for blood pressure and I was giving it to my mom. But I just, I couldn't, at the time, I was, you know, more low carb and I couldn't find a quality sore. I'm sure now it's probably there's like great sources of it. But yeah, so now I think I'm going to, I'm going to go back, circle back and try it out again. I love how you experiment on your mom. That's great. I mean, I'm, you know, try to do, you can do. Yeah, I'm prejudicial. I don't, I don't, I don't like do all the crazy stuff. But I told you she's doing CrossFit now, which is like amazing CrossFit for seniors. It's fantastic. I love it's definitely a tone down from what I'm doing. But yeah, but you're getting jacked. I love it. Yeah, and confident, too, for sure. And I'm also interested in all this stuff to, you know, I'm going to kind of play around a little bit. You mentioned the beta alanine and, I don't know if sodium, by carbonate's it, but beta alanine, I'm sort of interested in. I've never really heard of it until I heard, you talk about it. I didn't know anything about the fatigue buffers. Yeah. What, what it's doing. So how does it work? Tell us a little bit about it. It's been around for a really long time. Really simple strategy with this one. So enzymes work in a certain pH range. Right. If you come to a citric inside of the muscle, we have a hard time running any metabolic process. A robotic anaerobic strength doesn't really matter, right? Contracting muscle power. We start running into a citric environment. We start running into problems. So enter then a whole cascade of supplements designed to buffer fatigue, which is a way to say, like, let's keep you within that citric range. Now you can do this by starting off more alkaline, or you can just do this by putting intermediators in there that say, like, we're just going to keep you within that certain range. So you don't get too high. Beta alanine was a great stop on that, because we're looking at interested in their car racing. That's what we're trying to do, right? So you're like, saying, hey, this is our limiting factor beta alanine being the amino acid limiting factor. So if we can give you more of that, you can build up more car racing than we can buffer or effectively. And it works. There's a good amount of research on it. It worked with the things that you would anticipate it working for. Doesn't do much for maximal strength. Doesn't do much for speed or power. Doesn't do a lot for long duration endurance. Again, you can see some positive benefits there. Where it mostly works are things of really high intensity. And by that, I mean cardiovascular intensity. Right. So high intensity of strength training, again, just not super relevant because you're doing two reps. Acidic prop is not the problem there. So beta alanine is something that you would take chronically. You will feel an acute effect certainly at some of a higher dose. But you need three to five weeks for this to build up intracellularly before it makes a difference. And so much like caffeine or creatine rather, unlike caffeine, this takes a while for you to dose it. So you can do a bunch of things to mitigate that. But you will see a pretty classic, across what would be a great example. Like you couldn't basically couldn't engineer a supplement better for acute or for cross-fit performance outside of beta alanine. And as I mentioned, it's been around a really long time. It's just in amino acid. It's not a stimulant. It won't affect energy. You can you can take it right now. And again, you wouldn't notice. You wouldn't be like, oh, I'm fired up and ready to go. You wouldn't feel anything different. But you would just feel the burn is not as bad as you're training. What would be the optimal dose? Man, I'm blanking on doses right now to be honest with you. Okay. So we can look that out. But I did read that there's some kind of tingling effects. Oh, yeah. Yeah. So can you mitigate that by, yeah. Back in the day, we would say like this is an Iacene dump. That's not seem to be the case. There's actually a couple of papers that came out. It seems to be something to do a sensory input. So there's some sort of sensory receptors that are being clicked on and tingled and it kind of feels like a fire. It feels like you're itching. Feels like you rolled around and grass a bunch, right? Don't tell anybody this. We would we would give people beta alanine a bunch like our friends as a joke. And they're like not paying attention. So you're like put some like we're younger. Because you're like sitting there doing work, whatever else. I just like start itching everywhere. You're like, what the? We would do this a bunch. I did this to my wife one time. Actually, she was like, what is going on? She's like something. Yeah. Yeah. You get it. But that's like a higher dose, right? Not even like a moderate dose. You'll feel that out. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Can you just can you you say it's a nice super fast? It'll be so it's really like not something you're going to continue feeling. Yeah. Once you're you can also just back those who down like you just go down a tiny bit and you'll find that level of like, okay, I feel fine. And as soon as you start training, it typically goes away. So 30, 45 minutes before or so you take it. You'll start feeling those like itchy kind of crawly feels a little bit. Generally, as soon as you start training, it goes away. If that's still bothering you, just lower the dosage. What we'll do a lot of the time because it's not an acute stimulant is we'll just put the dosage up throughout the day, half the morning, half the night. A couple of grams, the morning, a couple of grams, the night. That is a general place that will go. So like if the four grams is like killing you, we don't like it or three is better than again, split them up throughout the day and they won't have any effect. So we will do that. You will develop a little bit of a tolerance to that though. So this is one of the cases where we actually want to build that dose over time. So when we get within like eight weeks of competition, we will start strategically increasing that dosage to get that as high as we possibly can. Where other things we don't have to worry about dosage going up? What should you, is it like a cycling kind of thing where you want to cycle in? You don't have to cycle it because there's no feedback loop here. It's just going to mean a lesson. So there's no like creating like there's no you're not shutting down any endogenous process by doing it, but we will tend to bring it away just for if we don't have a particular purpose up, I mean we don't take them. For that purpose alone we're like, okay great, we finished, we competed, we did something, we're pulling it back down. So for the people who are not in competitive sports, we will tend to just use it when we have a bigger priority or we're training really hard. So we're using the six to ten weeks and then if you want to like come off of it, but you don't have to cycle it. We have some people that are on it permanently and they just don't come off of it. I haven't seen anything to suggest that you need to pull it away if you don't want. And it's pretty safe. He said it's been been well studied. Super well studied. I haven't seen outside of the acute tingling, I can't say if seen any like side effects that have been documented that are a problem. So again, it's a mental acid. It's a pretty straightforward. So anything else that we didn't talk about the creatine dose? I mean, yep, I mean typically, I mean like I said Darren Kando just was on the podcast and talked about typically for muscles like five grams, but yeah, reasons to go up for cognitive. Yeah, I mean Darren's published so much in this world. We don't use the five grams number at all for the most part as I've said a couple times now. It's because we deal with humans that are literally triple the size of each other. A point one gram per killer. But anyway, is what I think he said exactly right? What's translates to a lot of people is like three to five grams. Right. We probably spend more of our time as like seven and a half to 12 and a half grams. Most of the time, we'll go those three. No problem there. Like I'll go five. No issue there. You want to use five as a starting place. Awesome. Tight trade up from there. Really no downside of going higher. So we would like go quite a bit higher, quite often. The answer is actually done some stuff at 20 grams a day. Yeah. For years. So as long as you're not getting nauseous like the number one thing we get, matters is like I got nauseous. Okay, great. So if you're not getting that, we run that train pretty high pretty often. Your people get GI distress. Some people get the I don't. Yeah. Yeah. Any other supplementary symptoms? Quickly, I think it's probably worth sodium by carbon it. Yeah. Okay. Same idea. Different mechanisms, same idea as betaalanine. So sodium by carbon it, making yourself more alkaline. Right. That's all you're doing. So if you want, if you don't like betaalanine or don't want to use it or some like that, you can go the sodium by carbon around. That is that you can get that at the cheapest price possible baking soda. Right. You can literally do that. We have done that many, many, many times just take baking soda and put in water and drink it. Way again, many, many years ago, it's a little bit off-color, but when we would have to run these studies of sodium by carbon it, we would have to do it really close to the toilet because this will have a very pronounced acute GI effect on you. And so like there's many times of wheeling over carts and you have like an IV and somebody or something you're like, get em over to the toilet, not a good situation. So because of that, most people have modified the delivery mechanisms of sodium by carbon it, but it does work pretty well. If you're concerned about that, you're like that is least appealing thing I've ever heard in the podcast of my life. You can just use creams. Momentists make PR lotion. That's exactly what PR lotion is. It's just a sodium by carbonic cream. So this is local. So if you're using your arms you can put it on your arms and has nothing that you don't have to put it through your GI track and all you can put it on your quad or whatever you're doing. So that is the best work around that improves your high intensity performance. Yeah, sodium. You're also, you're putting sodium directly intracellular as well as it'll get into a get into blood flow. But this doesn't have to, this doesn't take weeks like beta allining. It's a due to effect. Yep. So you rub it on right before you take it right before 30 to 60 minutes before training would be what you're looking for. It takes some time to get in and get into tissue. But yeah, this is an acute effect. And this is definitely something I would generally only use on training days. We're beta allining you could take and probably should take on non-training days because it takes a while for that to storage to come up, creating the same thing. If you're going to use the sodium by carbonate or equivalent, this is only like a pre-workout strategy. I want to get into recovery and some other things. But Tarring, have you ever, yep, messed around with Tarring, comes to my mind. I've come across the literature. Also, my late mentor Bruce Aames called it a long-javity vitamin. So he was taking a gram a day and this was for long-javity reasons and there's a lot of evidence for longevity. But I remember when I was looking into it, I was finding a cross and performance stuff. It seemed a little mix. But I was kind of curious. We don't use it. No, okay. It's good for mitochondrial health. But again, more longevity, I think, then performance wise. The closest you'll see is this will come in a lot of pre-workout cocktails. So what do you think of those? Okay. I prefer people having least amount of artificial ingredients as possible. That's our default position. If you want to use a stimulant, we'd rather you use coffee, tea, so on and so forth. If you're going to use a pre-workout combination, the major downsides are we can't control those of individual ingredients. For most of our people, that's a problem. For me, as a scientist, I hate it. I want to know what we're dosing. We're going to run experiments. We're going to try things out. We have a pre-made cocktail. I don't have any influence on what we're tinkering with so when something I hate it. I'd like precision. I'd like detail. I don't like the fact that we have a whole bunch of things coming in that we don't know. I don't actually know what's in there. I don't know that they're dosed at that level. We don't have there's all these variables that we don't like. I'm also not ultra-concerned that if somebody really wants to have a fill in the blank drink before they train and that makes them train harder and better. All right, like we can live with that. I can handle that if that's your one thing we're dealing with. But if it's up to me, we're not going to use them. You'll never see me program mode ever. If someone already has it and they're going to fight against it, okay, I might let that slide, but it's never going to come out of my mouth. I don't like them because it might have a one or two compounds that I'm interested in, but then it has a whole host of things that I don't want. I can never find something that doesn't have something I don't want. Speaking of which, supplements that we don't want to take. I don't know if there's ones that actually inhibit performance, but I'm interested in the ones that are blunting adaptations. Maybe we can talk a little bit about. Are there ones that are actually you don't want to take for performance? Caffeine. If you go too high on caffeine, you'll actually see performance increments. Like endurance performance increments, way high. Like that stuff, like it would have been said earlier, eight to 10 grams per kilogram. You'll start to see performance come down. That's insane. I mean, as well. You have to be taking some kind of powder or something. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So you'd be drinking like that. Okay. So high dose caffeine would be something that's going to impair performance. Of course, you could like some people live at that level, so that would be fun there. But yeah, that's one of them. I think where you're probably referring to is things like acupious and excessive amounts of supplemental antioxidants. Yeah. Anti-oxidants, anti-inflammatories. Absolutely. Um, lab-ousin is a graduate student. Did some of that original work on a sea of metafine and things like that. So I was around for a lot of those those programs. And then stuff came out on specifically things like vitamin C combined with vitamin E. Um, vitamin C in general, vitamin E, we want to default to food. If we can get it from there, we do. That's where we're looking for all of our of our nutrients. Clear evidence in my opinion at this point that anti-oxidant consumption from food has no detrimental effect on exercise adaptation. Eat your blueberries to your heart's content, right? Eat the cherries eat whatever you want. Never seen evidence suggest that will blunt performance. There is some evidence to suggest though when you take those as a supplement. Very again, the couple of studies that we're vitamin C vitamin E. But they're, are they always combined? Have you seen a vitamin C by itself, blunting like, and what dose? If you have, it's a great question. I know. I don't have anything. I've seen a lot of combat vitamin E is a very powerful and out of it. It's like getting the high burns. Yeah. So I'm always, you know, it's something I'm very interested in because there, there's definitely a good amount of evidence that taking vitamin C in the dose range above 250 milligrams a day can help prevent some upper respiratory tract infections, particularly in high volume training endurance athletes. Yeah. We use vitamin C very judiciously not to get us back there. But you start actually looking at iron. What it does when you co-enjust iron with vitamin C. If you're going to go after iron, you probably should bring vitamin C along. You want to bring in collagen, probably should bring in vitamin C. Super low or dosage, like 50-bage, right? Like way down. You want to actually start doing anything to prevent someone getting sick when they're on when they're traveling. Again, especially when they're traveling in a six to eight week hypercloric state. And they're going to be on a plane and then they're meeting greeting and they're fans. Okay, we're going to go certainly going to go for any kind of immune support that we can have. I'm not, I do not hesitate to go to a gram of vitamin C. Right. You can go way up there for three days, five days, seven days, two weeks, whatever the case is. Not super concerned about that. We're not going to live at that level. Like 500 milligrams of vitamin C is a very reasonable dose. Like what about? So do you think the timing of it? Like would you, let's say someone works out in the morning and they take your vitamin C like with dinner. What's actually, what do you think a half life is on 500 milligrams of caffeine? A lot of caffeine. A lot of caffeine. It's not very long. No, it's going to be super trained. It's like a couple hours in the plasma. Bring that because I don't know the answer to this. So really good question. Right. I don't know. I'm just, I'm, what I'm interested in is, okay. So you know a lot about adaptations in terms of muscle adaptations. There's the cardiovascular adaptations. There's neural adaptations. Right. That are happening in response, that are, as a consequence, to the inflammation and the oxidation that we are causing from exercise that are important in those adaptations. And so what you're wanting, you're not wanting to blunt those anti-oxidants and inflammatory signals that you're making. So here's, in the case, I'm trying to make. I don't think people should be supplementing with anything above the RDA for vitamin E. It's alpha to cipheral in general. Yeah. It's just, you don't need, you know, 400 I use of, of alpha to cipheral. But all these studies that are coupling vitamin C with the vitamin E, it's like, hmm, well, are we seeing this because the vitamin E was there? I think there was like one, maybe one study I recall. I have a topic page on vitamin C. I think it's on the topic page. And it was maybe 500, maybe it was a grant. I don't know. But I don't, I just, again, it's like, it's good to know because for one, I like to take high dose vitamin C when I've been exposed or when my son has been exposed. It helps me. And so it'd be nice to know for athletes as well. It's like, okay, can I take that, you know, high dose vitamin C at a certain time? I don't even remember the last time we recommend in vitamin E to anybody. So we rarely, we rarely dose it for all those reasons. I'm also, the reason I asked you that half of the question was, I was thinking the same thing. I don't know, I don't know anybody that's actually run any even light trial on timing of vitamin C for action as adaptations. So I don't know. I don't know if you took it later in the day and you trained, took it 12 hours away. I don't know that it would have a different of, hey, it could, could. Dance your question. Here's how we handle vitamin C. We're not just giving it to people. So I like a standing like like magnesium or omega 3. We would use it judiciously in different things. But I'm also, I'm not worried about it. If you ask me what am I concerned more about the small amount of adaptation that I miss versus not being sick, that that's an easy exchange for me. Catagorically, here's how we think about it. Again, athlete or non-athlete doesn't actually matter. There are times when we're trying to induce adaptation. When we're doing that, we're going to want to let those stress things happen. And then there's times when we're trying to peak. We call this optimization versus peaking. If I'm peaking, I don't care about adaptation. I'm trying to maximize performance in the short term. In that case, we are going way up on anti-oxidants. We're going way up on vitamin C. Don't want to get sick. Want you to feel great. We want you to perform what you're best right now. If that compromises some adaptation, fine, I don't care. Because we're trying to get the max performance right now. If we're concerned about long-term optimization, I cannot utilize this enough. Even in people are not competing. This is still a thing you should play with throughout the year. You should have phases of optimization. You should have phases of adaptation. You should be pushing this boundary. If not, you're going to run medium all the time. And so that's how we will. I will have no problem putting it there. If we have some reason to think somebody is in a really high-oxidative state. Because of really poor nutrition and environmental exposures. Any number of other things. Then we might just kind of pro-flectically give them vitamin C. Probably a 500 milligrams. I wouldn't be, I'm not worried about that. I'm not super concerned. The other thing to pay attention to here is when we say adaptation at a attenuation. It's not blocking. It doesn't mean you're getting zero. It's you're getting 5% less. 10% less. Some amount that matters, but it's not zero. It's not like absolutely zero. I did nothing. No, it just means you got 90% of where we thought we're going to go potentially. Yeah, it would matter if it's every day. Maybe you're getting 5% less over 20 years. The way I, if I remember correctly, and people can go to my vitamin C topic page on my website and see there's a graph. Your plasma levels peak. It goes pretty close back to baseline. I want to say after three hours or so. If I'm taking it, I'm taking it. I'm taking it at night. I'm sleeping. When I work out in the morning, my level should be normal by then. But that's the way I approach it. Antoinne flamotories. How do you feel about people taking things like NSAIDs for pain or as an anti-inflammatory if they're working out too hard? That also blunts adaptation. Yes. It's the same like you're running a cocky. What are we trying? What are we worried about? Did you take them every day? Probably not for many reasons. Not a good approach. My wife actually just started a new training phase a couple of days ago. So she added a new couple of new exercises she hadn't been doing. And she tends to do this just went way too heavy. So much pain. She has not been able to move for two days. Bad. She's just like can't move without really, really substantial amount. I couldn't make my heart happier. I love hearing her in physical pain just makes my joy there. Because she's not like her. She's just like, oh my god. The kids are just terrorizing her. Just wanted to play with mom and she's just like everything hurts on my body. Yeah. We're like, she's using a lot of NSAIDs. There's no wind here. There's no positive benefit. There's no adaptation we're missing with you being an extraordinary amounts of pain. In those particular cases when you overshoot it or whatever happens, yeah, like use them. No problem. If that's what you're using just to get through your training, then our training program is probably poor or something else in our physical process is depleting our recovery bucket. We need to go fix that problem. So if it is something we have to use, the exceptions there are our athletes. Of course football is really hard sport. And if you got to take it to get through a football week, because that's your job, then that's what we're going to do. And there's some other things there. But for the most people, yeah, we're not using them very often. I like to look on your face by the way when I said my wife is in so much pain. It brings my heart to me. I was just smiling. I mean, it all. I'm just wondering where she did to be in that much pain. That's not crazy. She normally does a bunch of her training home and then she was actually happened to be a gym where had some other equipment. She's able to load stuff more. And she was like, just too happy at the moment. It was like, yeah. So she's doing some dead lifts, some oddials. I think she's more ready to press some lap pull down. It's like not really stuff. I love being sore too. I love waking up the next day. It's the best. It's the best recovery. Let's start with some supplements for recovery. We're going to get it into recovery as well. I hear a lot about people have been asking me a lot about tart cherry juice, which when they're asking me about that, I was like, oh, you mean for sleep? Yeah, because I'm so used to like, people taking tart cherry juice for sleep. But apparently it's being promoted for reducing delayed onset muscle soreness recovery. So can you talk a little bit about, yeah, there's data. That's not, there's data there. This is a port muscle soreness muscle damage. Um, could I, could I make a strong argument that you wouldn't get the same thing if you just had a really high similar food source? I think you could actually, I don't think there's anything magic to that. Not surprised. Right. If you think about what's in dark rich colored fruits? Probably females. Like, we know that that's there. It's the same thing we make when people talk about like blueberries for cognitive performance. Yeah. It's also the same probably in strawberries and probably in raspberry. Like, it's, it's not like magic to the cherry or the blueberry. I don't think. It is a super high concentration of polyphenols in a bunch of different areas. That's probably doing most of the work here. Um, but yeah, you will see that there. We, we take it with it for a few years. We don't use it very much. Honestly. Is it, does it, you know, like I said, I want to get into recovery and typically, you know, when I have delayed onset muscles or nissor doms, I go for a run and I'm good. Yeah. Like, I mean, it hurts when I start running and then as I'm going throughout the run, I start to feel better and then the next day, I'm much better. Yeah. Um, so, you know, I'm just wondering, you know, is tart cherry, cherry juice something you think I should try experimenting with? I mean, is it probably not? Okay. You're not getting that sore that off to your mind? Who's, who's, the kind of target person that may benefit from tart cherry juice or you are blueberry polyphenols supplement or you're polyphenol booster supplement won't ever fill in the blank. What dose? Yeah. Again, we don't use it very often. Um, so I'm probably not the person to make the case for people wanting to go out and try it. Cool. Um, it's fine. Again, the research is there. I've seen it. It's compelling. You also mentioned sleep. That's another compelling reason. So if you're getting, if you're wanting to use a kind of a double combo and you like, you like it for sleep, where this is most popular is in like the bodybuilding communities for those exact reasons. So I can take it a ton at night. It'll help me sleep and I'll be a little bit less sore. I'm kind of getting a double win. Is that because the melatonin in it that sleep or combination of plausible and plausible probably all the above, right? Um, and again, that research is actually there. You'll see it. And I have seen a lot of people who will anecdotally say, yeah, help my sleep a ton. But again, I probably haven't recommended it in five years. Or more like we kind of did the bunch. Um, okay. Great. Yeah. I just I've had multiple people asking me about it. And so finally I was like, okay, what is this? Yeah. Yeah. Like, there's got, when you start to have multiple, you ask news, or to look into it and say, like, okay, we generally don't honestly favor recovery supplements that much. That's just like probably the bigger answer here is supplements for recovery is not that great. It's not as good as other things that we're going to, I hope we'll discuss in a minute. Exactly. What about glutamine? Yeah. You can do that. So we won't use glutamine conditional. I mean, I'll ask it, right? So in our populations, when I mean, I'll ask it, need is really high. Again, you're combining it with caloric reduction. And you don't have that much room go like, I just can't give you more food. I can't give you more chicken breasts. I can't give you more turkey or elk or whatever we're doing. Okay, fine. So we have some argument for the conditional actually coming into practice with those people. Then you have the kind of area of glutamine with gut health stuff. And then we actually see that a little bit transfer over to even brain health. And you specifically, like post-concussion protocols. That whole line then starts coming together and you're okay. For our population, there's one, two, and three, likely hit of all that stuff. Okay, pretty reasonable. At on top of that safety profile, no real downsides here. We're not worried about any other effect of it. We use it quite a bit actually. That's the, that's, so I have a few thoughts on glutamine. One, that's interesting TBI because yeah, glutamine is, it's like it gets converted into, you know, it gets used by mitochondria as well as a source of energy. Totally. And in fact, I did a lot of research in graduate school with glutamine and T cells and activated T cells. And this is kind of where I got into this, I mean, I now take glutamine for immune reasons. Yeah. And I got it. I don't know if you've seen any of the literature on long endurance athletes, you know, they can glutamine it. Yes, I imagine you're taking milk by taking it two times a day. Are you splitting up your dose? I'm not. Of some time. If if there's an exposure, I'll take it three times a day. Like so if my son, all of a sudden, sneezing, I'm like, okay, you're just scooping. But, um, so glutamine is used by, by activated T cells and it just dawned on me. I'd like to know all this research. I'm like, you can take glucose out of a cell culture as long as there's glutamine there. Those cells are fine. They are fine. Because they consume glutamine as an energy source. It's used. It's used as, you know, off of a glutamate. Yeah. So basically it gets converted to that. But I started taking it and this is a total anecdote, but, you know, for a long period of time, I never got sick. Then I became a mom. I still didn't get sick until my son started school. And then it was like insane how often I was getting sick. I was like, I was wondering if I had cancer. I'm like, what is wrong with me? And then I started to glutamine and I don't ever get sick anymore. Really? I'm serious. I'm serious. Now I'm sure if the flu came up or something like, I don't know, but, but, upper respiratory tract infections like, if I get a little bit of anything, it's a tiny bit of a runny nose for like a couple of days. And like, I haven't, I haven't been sick in months. And that's really unusual as a parent as you know. Oh my God. So, um, that's why I take it. I take it. Not for recovery reasons, but for I take it prophylaxeely every day. Now, five grams, 10 grams. So, like I said, so I right now I take five grams. No, five point six. It's almost six grams. It's about six grams a day. If there's, if I have any inkling suspicion that it's coming, 25 grams. I'm, yeah, I'm like 20 grams. I'm like up, up, up. And the only downside for me is I can get a little gas when I start going my dose. I think you're talking about no, no downsides. I would say the only downside is if someone has cancer, they have, yeah, yeah, colon cancer or liver cancer or something like that. Cancer cells like glutamine. I was talking about T cells, but cancer cells can thrive with glutamine. It's an energy source. Totally. And people don't realize that. And so I was thinking about the TBI thing that I'm totally, you know, going on off of a, you know, tangent here. But I'm wondering if the TBI thing, if there's an energy component to it. Oh, no, they're absolutely yes. There's huge. I covered this, I needed a whole, we published paper a few months ago. Myself, Tommy Wood and Federica Conti works with me at Parker now, as my research scientist, published a review on preventative as well as post-brane injury concussion, all the supplementation dosage timing, all that stuff as well as whole food equivalents. And that whole paper is open to access. So you can go through that whole thing. But yeah, this came out as a pretty clear one. When you start then poking around into the gut health literature as well, you start going, okay. Demion stuff you just brought up. This is such a clear connection between this entire chain from being sick, the brain health, the energy, you pay attention to how it's working, what it's doing. And you're like, okay, this is one of those times when it lines up and you go, oh yeah, now I get it. Like this is why it's having such cross benefit. Right. Absolutely. In the gut too, it's like it's being converted to energy. Your gut cells are using alpha key to glutera. I mean, it's so interesting. I think there's just, there's so much to be discovered with glutamine. Yeah. That I hope people are going to, you know, research that more. But we do almost always 10 grams to my today. Morning and night. Like that's a pretty thing, especially if we have any inclination or direct evidence of actual gut issues, that's a common one. If we want to drop it then back down to 10 grams, total of a day, like we will do that. But we will generally live at least 10 grams a day. That said, I'm going to, I'm going to do this. I'm going to do your protocol because I'm not on it. And if it is every day, if I ever get sick again, I'm having a lawyer send a letter to you. I'm, I'm, I'm everybody. I gave it to my son as well. And he's not getting sick like nearly as much. It's, it's, it's, it's real. So I was thinking it was placebo. It was like, oh, it could be placebo because, you know, honestly, if it was placebo, I don't care if it works, it works. But my son doesn't know that I'm giving him glutamine. What are you giving the three grams? I'm no, I'm, I'm giving him full five almost five. Yeah. Yeah. And it's like, it's been a pretty night and day difference in terms of the effects on the immune system. I mean, I'm saying immune system. I don't know that it's actually, I'm just saying. That's a matter. Yeah. Bringing illness into our house. Not getting a cold. This is in has been unbelievable. And it's, it's funny because this season has been the worst for all of my friends. Like everyone's been sick rushed. Yeah. Everyone's been sick. We haven't. My wife probably has had one cold in a decade. Like it doesn't matter. You could soak her in a bath of 16 cold viruses. She will get nothing. I'm so envious of this people. Nothing. My, my daughter is like, okay, but she gets a lot. My son and I just, you bring it home at all. Like, it's a wrap. I'm so done. And I get so mad because I'm like, I know all these things. I do this whatever. This is my job. And I can't, but I've never tried this at this level. So try it. I'm so like a fire. I put it in my coffee or, you know, my tea and it does, you can, the coffee, if you put like monk fruit or stabby, I, you won't taste it, but it does have a taste. As you probably know, you're probably not probably remember it. I'm just pretty sure. We put it, I just put it like a soft water. Yeah. Right. Down. Yeah. And we just dose it with all the rest. Like put cream, put it all in there, deal with six ounces of the light and just get it out. Now what's it supposed to do for muscle recovery? Well, if it has a conditional effect, if it has any they immune effect, it's going to have the same there. So you'll see muscle soreness as the primary outcome to pay attention there. Like, is it doing anything unoballically? Um, and Kexie, maybe or like some other situations are a company, but for a normal people. Now, why we do it is the other for the most part. Like, all the good health. I just wonder how much of the glutamine, you know, because I remember it, it's been so long. I did some of these like substrate labeling studies, and it was like, you know, a lot of it's getting converted into glutamate and alphacetic gluteraite and abuse is energy. Yep. So it's, it's, it's fascinating. You, you kind of wonder how much of the glutamine that you're taking in is going as an amino acid versus the energy source. So um, that's a great question. So you're not really big on recovery, supplement. As I got too more to asking about one, and we can kind of lump them together as well. But the hydrolyzed collagen powder for joints and tendons, and this is where I get into, you know, it's high in originine. It's actually really high in originine. I take it mostly for skin, because I've been pretty convinced by this skin data. But I was, you know, what are your thoughts on on, I've changed my tune in this one. I was not compelled by this evidence for a long time. I was also not compelled that as long as you're protein intake, whole food is high or higher than ish, you know, like higher than basic numbers, it's not no compelling evidence. I don't care about skin. So like, whatever. I've changed a little bit. I had more and more research has come out and it looks like there's something actually happening here. Where this gets sticky is the still the argument of organ specific conversion. So if you are consuming it, how do we actually know your consuming collagen and that's getting into collagen? Well, the argument would be, if it's all being broken down into its individual constituents, and it doesn't matter. And then there's some talk of, well, there are the special kind of conditional ones where it gets crossed through as these combination of amino acids. So therefore it's going to be more targeting collagen. Well, wait and see if that holds true or not, I'm not entirely convinced of that either. But that said, when you go to the end of the story, it does seem to be doing stuff for connective tissue in legaments. This study that convinced me of that very question that you were asking was actually a while, published a while ago over a decade ago, and it was an animal study where hydrolyzed collagen powder was radial labeled, and peptides were making their ways to the tendons. And I was like, okay, I mean, yeah, it's a rodent, but you're really going to say that an intact peptide is going to make its way to the tendons. I mean, maybe it's not going to happen in a human, but it seems encouraging. And yeah, I would say, I think it's just an area where we probably don't have the answers yet. Like, we don't have all the answers. It may be something else, it may be it's that maybe it's not but something's happening here. And so now we will very often recommend it, prophylactically, even if you're not injured. Certainly, if you have any soft tissue injury history or you're compelled to that, 30 to 60 minutes, pre-exercise seems to be the time. So timing dosage does seem to matter with collagen. I mentioned earlier, co-conjusted with like 50 milligrams of vitamin C. Yeah. Seems to be the thing, this is all Keith Barnes work, like many other people, but he's the one who's pushed this for many, many years now. So, scientifically, so he gets credit for a lot of this work. And again, I was on the other side of the fence like that. I don't buy it. I don't buy it. It's got very different amino acid profile than protein, I mean, completely different. Totally, and hydroxy-proling. Yeah, I mean, it's well, this was the argument against it for many years. Well, for muscle, yeah, but like for a connective tissue and now pairs potentially, it matters. Right. So, yep, we'll do it. As you've heard me say many times, I also like to run like, well, what ifs? What's the downside? There doesn't seem to be really any downside here. So, cost money, sure. Physologically, we're not blocking adaptations. We're not struggling. Something else out. We're not doing long-term damage. We're not shutting off a pathway. Okay. Worst, we spent some money. All right. Most of the people I'm around, they'll take that exchange. Then you start adding with something like collagen. Hair, skin. Other potential benefits? Like, okay, I'm getting potential benefits in multiple areas. There is some human research on this. It might work. Very little downside. Yes, it's pretty cost intensive, relative to protein powder. And if that's your barrier, fine, I get it. No problem. But for the most part, it's not that expensive. Yeah, there's enough competition now that there's some reason quality brands that you can find. What are your thoughts on glycosamine, um, condorate for tendon joint? We don't use it much. No. No. Honestly, I would have to dive back into that database. I haven't looked in many years. Kind of makes evidence as far as I last saw. Same. Sometimes all like if I have an issue, it's like, okay, let's try to throw it. Let's throw it in the bucket. I don't see a big downside. Just in case. I give it to my dogs. That makes Philly better. That's the only thing we give them. They're old. But yeah, we don't use it. There's just, I think there's more compelling ways to go about it. If we're having consistent injury issues, um, we're doing other things. That's not going to be our first second or third line of defense at all. Yeah. Okay. Well, that will hopefully get into some of that because I want to get into recovery. Um, this is a, this is an area where it's very important. As of course, you know, but I don't know that a lot of people focus on recovery. Although it's becoming, I think, more increasing. It's more awareness is, I think, being generated now. But, um, I was thinking maybe you could kind of just start by walking people through the physiological process of what's going on during recovery. Why is it so important? How are you defining recovery? How are you labeling? I guess, you know, you're talking about the shifts in inflammation and immune, immune response and cellular repair. All the things that are happening in response to the workload that you've applied and the inflammation that you've generated and the, you know, oxidation that you've generated. Okay. The reason I asked that is because we answer this differently depending on how people are thinking of recovery. We think about this in terms like a muscle soreness. Are we thinking about this in terms of a, my energy's low the next day? Are we thinking about this in terms of, I felt fine, but my actual performance was just a little bit lower. Those are three different types of recovery. Are we thinking about this more chronically? Um, man, I've just been going down for several weeks and several months. Like, depending on how we frame this, my answer would completely different. So is there one or more of those that you would want to focus on? I think I'm thinking more about adaptations that are occurring to improve muscle mass and strength and your cardiovascular fitness, for example. Yeah. Okay. So in that particular case, you've laid out the basic framework for us a second ago, right? In terms of the three big processes that happen there, it is not the case typically where you're actually tearing tissue down. In the case of strength training and muscle, we hear that all the time. Like you break the muscle down, you have these micro tears that would then have those cascades you're mentioning. That actually doesn't happen as much as people think. Um, most of the time muscle tissue is fine. We're certainly not tearing down a lot of tissue in our cardiovascular system. This is more of a signaling issue than it is a damage issue. And we know that because you can induce those same adaptations. If you count those first parts of the equation out. So I can give you things that simply ramp up adaptation that don't require damage at all. I do not have to have inflammation to induce adaptation. That is the primary signal though. Same token. If I give you inflammatory agent without any tissue damage at all, I can get similar adaptation. Right. So we can cause physiological responses with an inflammatory marker that comes in rather than an actual tissue damage. So those things are independent of itself. It's not there. But you laid out the basic cascade, some sort of inflammatory immune response there, some sort of tissue, a deemus swelling, and then some sort of back cascade. Why supplements? Why different tools? Why different recover protocols work? And why they matter is because they can target any aspect of that, the front side or the back side. The insult coming in or the adapter response. And you can play a game any part of that area. We would use different solutions based on why we think that the thing happened in the first place. So that is our overall framework if how we set up recovery in this context. Okay. So then let's take a step forward and talk a little bit about what you were asking me and that would be like how can a person and athlete sort of know if they what can they what could of metrics can they look at? To help signal if they are if they're normally sort of recovering from their training versus not. So then muscle soreness, the injury, like what's what of metrics? First, most important metric is how are you feeling? And I'm saying this because if you look at actually the data and we've done this across millions of data points, like literally millions of heart rate variability data points and things like that. Subjective perception. How you feel today? We'll stack up as tight as almost any other biological metric we can pick. It's really, really important. If you're feeling good, if you're making progress and you don't feel terrible, then I'm not worried about your recovery at all. That we're done. So when you ask me what's your people measure, most of the time may answer is nothing. Don't worry about it. You making progress? Yeah. You in a lot of pain and suffering. No. Good. We're done. You want to do a metric behind that. Sometimes it makes things worse. Like you sometimes we're looking at data and it's not the right way to go about it and that can cause problems. We end up pulling technologies away from people a lot. We pull sleep trackers away from people a lot. We do those things. So I'm bringing that up because that is the metric you should care about. Progress and pain. We're going to both those, we're done. Like this is the only recovery equation we're happening. If we're running into issues with one of those two things, now we'll have a conversation. Okay. So let's say you have muscle swornists again. We're back to the muscle swornists. Easy. No problem. Muscles are sour. Step number one input. What's your program look like? I told you the story earlier, wife getting super sore. That was there's not a supplement there that we can do to fix her. That was a training to program error. And her case was not it actually chooses to break contourses program. Not breath full. That was her dumb dumb fall. Like that. She did a training boo boo. She calls them and okay great. That's not a something we have to go fix. I was just like, all right, like don't do that again or suffer. Let's just throw that one out. Let's go to the backside. Let's assume your training program is good. And just for the sake of speedy conversation here, let's assume sleep and nutrition and mental health and all that is okay, right? Because that is all going to be part of our real equation. Let's go to the end of it. What do you do? Got to super sore. How do you fix it? Supplements again would not be our route if you need to take pain relievers because you're there. Fine. What's going to be more effective? Now you're actually starting to talk about things like blood movement. You actually mentioned earlier, you'd like to move a low level of physical activity on in terms of magnitude of effect is almost always going to be your biggest impact. Can you get something? Can you get out and move a little bit? Thermal stress is another big favorite of mine. Sana, great. I like direct contact though. So if we can get in warm water, I prefer that. So this is jacuzzi bath. Things like that. If you want to go to and we've run a couple of actually Dom studies, two of them using Norma Tech boots, right? And compression boots, air boots. Things are going there. That is fine as well. We've done a muscle stimulation stuff. So yeah, a muscle STEM unit and things like that. You'll you'll find data that supports all of those things. If you want to sled chamber things and use a combination, we will do that too. We will say, okay, great. We're going to bath today. We're going to do Norma Tech boots. We're going to do hyper ice stuff. We're going to do compression stuff. You can do all of these things. They probably are working on similar mechanisms. But again, no downside. And if you're in that much pain and suffering, use them all. Like really try to use everything because what you're basically doing is you're doing low level physical activity for many, many, many hours of the day. We'll use firefly that little tiny device you can put on the front of your leg. It's a little strip. Make your toe being kind of up now. You can do it for hours a day. So you can put that thing on. You're on a playing your working, your toe and your your foot is flexing at a high frequency, right? Then the bobo, bobo, bobo, and try to today. That's been shown a bunch of times to be super effective for recovery. So there's tons of little tools we can do, but all of it is basically doing the same thing. It's low level blood flow for a long period of time. So pick your tool, pick your poison, you want free, you want expensive, you want combinations. I can give them all to you. But it's all again, basically the same. So the level of blood flow and you're saying for the long, a long period of time. So what I'm doing is a short. I'm doing 30 minute run. What's going on here? Is it delivering just oxygen and nutrients and inflammatory, you know, things are going to the right tissues, like, or what's the mechanism? All the above, right? All the above. I would have bet to after you do your run, you're probably a little more physical active because you're not a sore. So you're probably going to be walking a little more. You're going to be getting up. You're going to be doing things more with the active throughout the day. So your 30 minute run is still getting a net on aggregate, get a lot more blood flow. Yeah, more blood flow in, more nutrients and more waste products out, all the above. You also have indirect signaling. You went a lot of pain to go back a little a lot like muscle soreness pain is neurological. Right. So you have pressure, likely happening on the nerve endings in that specific area. So you can get some of that fluid out of the area of less pressure, you have less pain receptors. You also have decentenization that's happening. Right. So you're moving in sodium potassium pumps. Like on the cell membrane, that's moving stuff back and forth. Right. We're seeing that adaptation there. So it's going to be a combination of all that. I don't know if I've ever seen any particular set of papers that say like this is the exact molecule signaling property that that is like explaining all of muscle soreness. So the best answer we could say would be all of those things are likely contributing on some level. At the end of the day, most of the time exercising due to muscle soreness is a cellular pressure issue. And so the more that you can get that out there, you have to get the inflammatory signal out of there because that's going to keep putting you back into tissue swelling. So get the fluid out and then stop the signal that says stop putting more tissue in or fluid in there. And then eventually you're going to get yourself back to normal. What do you do if someone's feeling asorness that isn't necessarily going away? It's kind of sticking around. It's not like a really bad injury kind of thing but it's enough to affect the performance. It's enough that it's like there's something going on. Now this compression thing, I have kind of been experimenting around with it. Voodoo floss. The Voodoo floss. So I guess this is blood flow restriction. And you wrap it around something like for me I've got this forearm thing. It's like the 10 tendons or something. And it really is what I'm pulling. Yeah. You're probably actually looking more of a fascist you then your blood flow. That's what the Voodoo floss stuff is going to do. So you're pinning and twisting and moving. So it's connected to tissue glide. It's light. So you're connected to tissue is supposed to glide actually. People don't like actually realize this when we're off the. But you should be able to pinch your skin and pull it away from your tissue. That's not just fat there. If you are pinned down constantly, that's a connected tissue-fascial issue. And so what you're doing with that is you're rubbing it both horizontally and vertically. And when we typically think about like massage, it is a vertical compression, right? I'm pushing down on the tissue. I'm down on the tissue. When you'll see often, I'm more of a bit of it, it's actually horizontal movement and pulling away. This is if you're ever seen like cupping, people do that. You're pulling skin away from fascier, other than smashing fascier back into it when it's kind of not a down already. So any relief you're getting there is not probably for the blood flow. It's the fact that you're pinning that fascier and then you're moving the tissue around the fascier and getting that kink if you will to let go. So completely different mechanism of action there. That is acute and chronic, but mostly that is an acute issue. If you're dealing with things like runners, we'll get a lot of like side leg pain, TFL pain, IT ban, a lot of times same issue there, right? So like you're getting more glide and slide that fascier can move appropriately and that's where the pain signal is going to be. People don't realize that there's a load of nerve endings in fascier. There's a ton. So if that stuff gets irritated and aggravated, that's going to be pain. That's probably not a muscle issue. You might not necessarily be able to tell. You can't tell their fascinators are muscle, but more likely the knot is connected to the fascier issue. And what is the best way to for fasc? Is it something like a budoo floss? You can. I mean, conceptually you just want to move it. So if budoo floss does it for you, awesome. If you want to roll out on a lacrosse ball, cool. If you want manual massage, great. Coughing. Infinite ways to do it, but what you want to do again is not just compress. The only thing traditional like a foam roller or any other self-mile facial release, generally people are smashing down. What we want to think is actually pulling away, so pulling the fascia away from your body rather than smashing it into the muscle, and then rotating it moving it horizontally, gliding up and down versus just smashing together. So the compression thing that you were talking about the boots. Yep. So that's working through blood flow restriction and then it has that working. So there's a whole host company that make this normal tech. It's the one that's been in the market for a long time. Actually, recently got acquired by Hyper-Eyes. But these are boots that you could sit and they make them for the upper body too, but you can sit in them and imagine a pair of pants and the pair of pants inflates with air all the way around it. And so it goes on and it flates, entire leg, it's crushed, and then it deflates. And then it's crushed and deflates. So it squeezes back and forth and back and forth. So you get a little bit of hypoxia, a little bit of blood flow, a little bit of hypoxia, a little bit of blood flow. And they can do it for 20 or 40 or 60 minutes or a higher of a long you want. It's basically simulated exercise. A little bit of blood, a little bit of blood back. So blood flow, yes. You will actually see really compelling evidence on water immersion. Yeah, not only cold water. I simply mean water. No, but oh, really. Yeah. Well, heat, I would say for sure, because you're also increasing blood flow, right? Totally. But it's the orsocytic pressure that comes with being in fluid that will do the same thing. This is many, again, one of the many reasons why I'm like, like, sauna is not the only answer here. It's great for a thousand things. But the water itself is playing a little bit of a magic role. And we know this because there have been trials where we've actually controlled for temperature and you still get those benefits of just being in that fluid environment. So if you can do that, you can gravity changes in the equation. Things can move in and out of tissue. And there's actually pressure that comes from being in the water. It's a low, level pressure that smashes up against your tissue. Now, if you want to change temperature and you get some of those other benefits, that's great too. Yeah. The water itself is fantastic way. So I would strongly also recommend people getting into water if they can. Let's talk about that. Let's get into, okay. So for recovery, you hear, I mean, you know, probably know I'm super into the deliberate heat exposure through also jacuzzi and sauna. Yeah. There's cold water immersion. I'd love to talk about how, so with with the heat exposure and jacuzzi, sauna, it sounds like jacuzzi might be might be the winner with respect to, as my water favorite. The water, yeah, worth the static part of the water as well and helping with blood flow. Yep. And also the, was it, does it help with the facial tissue as well? Or probably not. You might be, you might be, yeah. Yeah. There's, there's, I mean, there has been, you know, some evidence on, on sauna improving blood pressure, but there's a lot of literature out there on hot baths and, you know, you know, he's doing it. Totally. I mean, it's probably a lot more robust in in ways. Yeah. I mean, you have the pressure she talked about, and then we have all the other heat related mechanisms that you've talked about for many, many years now that that happened to. So you combine those two. It's, it's a big win. And it's not really like, you don't have to worry about the timing as much around exercise. In fact, you can get in a hot jacuzzi or a hot sauna right after you lift weights. In fact, there's some evidence that it's beneficial. Right. That's like supportive. Yeah. We do it a lot. We do it a lot post exercise. Do you, um, do you both in endurance and yeah weight training both? Yep. The only thing you got to be careful with is, um, if you did something that you really went over the edge with in terms of training, if you get into a sauna, sometimes it feels like a delays recovery a little bit, because that actually kind of feels like an exacerbates the training. Like you've continued to train particularly if you've gone really hard like if we've had a, our folks have um, played like a five hour round of golf in Georgia and August. Probably not hop into the sauna afterwards, right? Because like fatigue is high. Fluids are already low. So in a soap world, we're not going to add that on. And then that particular case where like walking your way. So when you, you've got to think through this stuff a little bit more when you're saying, all right, we were actually are pretty fatigued. Let's not add that I bought a, like a normal exercise session. Yeah, hop into the sauna jacuzzi afterwards. It's like, we're all, we're all game for it. Totally here. Where do you, um, this is a couple of things I want to talk about with the sauna. One, what do you think about some of the, I would still say preliminary at this point literature on using deliberate heat exposure as a way to improve endurance like adaptations and improve performance? So here's how we will frame it. It's not a substitute for exercise, of course, but it's better than sitting on the couch for most things. So training is first, if on top of past that or we have an injury or fill in the blank there, then we can use sauna to keep maintenance to keep pace to keep some cardiovascular adaptation going. So if we're pulling training down like oftentimes we actually have to pull high intensive exercise down for people. If you're dosing high intensity stuff like truly high intensity endurance work too often, that can put people in really bad spots. So what we can do sometimes is pull them off of that and insert sauna and they still can kind of feel like a little bit of I worked really hard. And some people need that, not for physical reasons, but for other rational. So we use it in those particular cases or we're deloding or we're doing any number of other things where we can't get as much exercise we want or we're ring it down. So we use it in that particular context. If we then take it into an individual athlete and we're trying to use a four specifically performance benefit's gains, I would only be okay doing that if training volume is pretty low. All right, because anything that takes away from training in an athlete, like there has to be a really big payout because specificity wins. So if that means we're doing less miles on the road, well, some people can afford less miles. Sometimes that's a good thing, but we got to be really careful with maintaining always training specificity. That's in that context, that's a whole hand or that thing. So we would be really time dependent and whatever else is going on our life. Have you seen some of the data? There's only really one human city that I've seen lots of animal studies looking at local heat. So on humans, it was like local heat applied and it had prevented disuse after free, like four years. Yeah. Yeah. And then there's course tons and tons of animal studies. In fact, I was talking about the animal studies before the human data came out and I got a lot of pushback for that. But I do think it's again in that sense where you can use it on the days where you're not training as much to help with not only the cardiovascular adaptations that you mentioned, but also helping prevent disuse after free, right? Yeah. Yeah. So I love heat. The field's good. Of course, it feels way better than cold. We rarely have a hard time convincing people to do stuff that involves a heat. It's like, okay, put a hot pad on your legs. All right, I mean for that one, high price makes a bunch of stuff. I don't have any connection to them at all, but they just make a much little easy things to put on your legs and your arms that get hot really fast or super easy to use. So we will do those things again quite a bit. Whether or not they're making a benefit in our high-performers or something. I don't know. But if they're like that felt good. That's a win. Blossomely helping. Cool. Yeah. Well, it sounds like even for recovery. It might, I mean, that's a benefit if it's increasing the blood flow and helping with the late onset muscles orness and things like that. Yeah. Cold water immersion on the other hand. Yeah. This is something it's funny because it's really, it's become popular in as a recovery tool. And I don't, there's a lot of people that I've spoken to, friends that didn't know it could blunt adaptations, particularly muscle hypertrophy. Yeah. And like what? I'm getting into it after I live right now. You finally convinced me to do it. Now you're telling me to screw in myself. You're fault. Let's talk about that. Yeah. Muscle soreness. It seems pretty clear based on the data that is available that cold water immersion is more effective than something like Crout Therapy or cold shower. There has been some papers that showed Crout Therapy's self did help with muscle soreness. But if you stock them again against the cold water immersion, the water wins. So we really never use Crout Therapy. If you're going to use something like a cold shower, then there's, there's other reasons for it. I don't think I would be, I wouldn't put my money on cold showers doing much for muscle soreness. Again, many other reasons why one could do it, but that would not be the primary goal if we're using it for that. So, right out the gates. Now it does work. And many studies have been done and I would say our anecdotal experience, my personal experience, our coaching experiences with support that. Generally, people are going to be a little bit less sore when they go in it. Do we do it immediately post work out for people or what we're trying to grow muscle? No. Many in studies now and I feel like every couple of weeks another one comes out and I'm like, good, good, gracious. We know already. Like we know already. Stop doing this. Stop doing that work. We know it. Not a good idea. The questions that come up then next usually are, okay, so how long post exercise do I have to wait? And no one knows. That's the study they need to do. No, yes. Like stop doing the basic one. We know that answer. There's like seven studies at least now that have done it. We get it. I don't know, right? If you look at our time core stuff, we've done on like GeneXpression. That happens within seconds. All right. Signaling happens within seconds and is ramped up for minutes to hours post exercise. Depending on the marker and you're like that. GeneXpression typically peaks three to four to six hours. Again, depending on the one you're looking at for muscle and amulism. Muscle protein synthesis, you're at 48 hours. Okay? So like I don't know because people always ask like, what if I lift in the morning and I, I don't know. It's probably better than lifting and immediately getting into your ice bath. Probably. So is it four to six hours? Because of the, that's what that number comes from by the way. It's like all the time course research on GeneXpression. You're also talking about like four or five genes that were in that study. So it's not like it is exactly like complete mapping of the entire anabolic genetic response. So I kept few of the markers some of them were out for, but they went off. Someone peaked it an hour. Someone peaked like seven hours later. So like the four hour window thing is like a, it's not exactly what people think it is. So nobody has any idea. Like I have no idea at all. I can, I'll tell you how we typically handle it. But yeah, we don't know. Yeah, let's, let's talk about how you typically handle it. Also, you know, you mentioned when you're talking about adaptations, the different, different things that are happening. There's the inflammatory response. You know, there's the hormonal responses that are happening. There's a lot of things that are happening, right? And so those things have different time courses. We're talking about muscle proteins synthesis, right? You're you're talking about it's elevated for 48 hours after exercise. And I know I had Luke van Loonon, you know, not long ago. And he's done at least one study. I think too. Looking at cold water and muscle proteins synthesis. And he was saying, yeah, I mean, you know, because the cold water immersion causes vasoconstriction. So not only are you not getting, you know, the inflammatory mediators to where they need to be and all that signaling, you know, molecules and things like that, amino acids are not going to muscle either as readily. And so he was saying, you know, you might want to, you know, wait 24 hours, like basically. I'm like, so that sounds like a recovery day. But some people are training every day. Yeah. Some people are training every day. I mean, I don't know if they should be training seven days, you know, maybe six days and I don't know. But I mean, I guess a recovery day can be your endurance aerobic day. Because I don't know if that's really been shown that it's planting any adaptations. In fact, there's been some performance enhancements, right? Yeah. Have you looked into that literature? Yes. Yeah. Not a ton to go off of there. But yeah, like one thing can do that. The quick answer there is you're looking at mitochondrial benefits. Like, which is okay. Like, then there's some plausible thing there. We don't use cold water immersion a ton. I used to use it more. We do it. When we do it, when we do it, rather, it's for other reasons. And somebody really over cooks it and they're super sore. Great. Okay. The other reasons we use it are generally not performance based. Okay. We're not using it for longevity or lifespan, anything like that. We tend to use it for things like stress and occupation for nervous system resilience, for breathing mechanics. That's the rationale we typically go to cold water. That said, we have pulled cold water away from people a lot because there can be serious neurological, not nervous system problems that come with cold water immersion. There can be sleep issues that come with cold water immersion for some people. So, those people, we tend to like back it off because it's a stressor. It's a very big stressor. And if your your alicotic load is already over the brim, some people cold is great, some people are pushing past and making things worse. So, we'll wind it back. That said, I love it. I have multiple at my house. I've been doing it for a very long time. I had a deep freezer in the back of my house for many, many, many years than I used. So, but it's not for everybody. It's not the danger, though. It's not like block all your adaptations. But it's not probably not something you have to be doing every day to live a great life either. So, lots to say about that. So, mostly, mostly, people can use it for their muscle soreness and other reasons. Presumably, yeah. I mean, a lot of people use it for like you said the neurological benefits. I mean, it's something that if I use it, I don't use cold water immersion unless it's summer to be honest. I know all about the science. My husband uses it. Right now, he's like, we had to get a new pump, which we got, but then he had a clean in all this. But he typically uses it every night. He uses it at night. He uses it at night. He uses it at night. We're just funny because a lot of people use it when they wake up in the morning for like that, like wake up, response and feel like the nor up in the front, you know, you're feeling focused. He uses it night because it helps him sleep. Which, you know, I guess the coldness, maybe. I'm a bunch of reasons that you would explain that. So, we've actually plotted this. We did a bunch of stuff probably four or five years ago. We didn't publish it. We were taken around with stuff. We started looking at HRB. We brought it up just in case people aren't aware. It's a marker of overall recovery. We'll kind of keep it at that for now. And when you go into the ice, whether this is anywhere between 30 to 50 degrees for a minute to five minutes, you're generally going to get out of that ice and you will see some of that drive, fight our flight is elevated, like pretty consistently. That said, we plotted this every 15 minutes for up to three hours post and you just continually see a rise in Paris that did a drive for up to three hours post. So, I don't know when he's using it, but I would be, I would be willing to strongly bet. He is far more down regulated going to bed when he does the ice for that exact reason. You got a time at appropriately, because again, when you get in the ice and immediately somewhere between 15 to 30 minutes post ice exposure, you'll be more sympathetically driven. But after that, for several hours and most of the people, they were far more. And I'm talking about like 20 to 50 percent reductions, our elevations rather in HRV, many more pairs of that for many hours. And we stopped actually collecting the data at three hours. So, I don't even know how long that thing lasts. But I'm not surprised. Yeah, we have an anonymous small amount of people who liked it in the evening as well. Yeah, interesting. He does it at least an hour before. And I'm not surprised at all that he likes it. Yeah. But yeah. Does he shower then before he goes, the bed is hot again or does he? Yeah, sometimes he does shower, but it's like a really quick yeah. Like, no, I don't know that he gets hot. He's actually, he's cold in bed. So, doesn't really make a pot. There you go. There you go. But he does, he does hot to before getting in the cold. Oh, he likes a pot of person getting the cold. They get hot and then get in the cold. I hate, I do the opposite. I go straight cold. I'm like, I hate going hot. I don't hate it. But like, I'm like, all right, just get cold. Just like do the cold and get over it. But a lot of people like it that way. I don't really prefer, I don't like doing hot to cold. I get blood pressure changes that are like, or the same. Yeah, for me, I'm just like, I have to wait a little bit before, especially if I'm like hot tub into the cold. I have to, I've had like some scary times where I'm like, like, just, I didn't like it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, understood. Okay, so you were talking a little bit about HRV. And that's it and you talk about heart rate variability. And I wanted to talk about, we were talking chatting a little bit about this before we got in camera. And for measuring, something that people can like, you know, maybe on there wearable advice, measure a marker of recovery. Now you said subjective how you feel wins. Okay. And it seems to be the case with almost everything. Like, like, how harder you going, do you feel like, what's your heart rate going up to? Or do you feel like you're perceived exertions? Oh, you're perceived exertions going to win, right? Yeah. So Ben Leven was on the podcast. And he was actually arguing that heart rate variability is extremely variable. In terms of the way it's measured and, you know, he just sees tons of variability, like plus or minus 25 percent constantly, depending on like the variety of factors the time of day, they're breathing just everything like that. And he likes to look at resting heart rate, like first thing when you wake up in the morning, what you're resting heart rate as a good marker of recovery. And if you're resting heart rates higher, then it should be then it's kind of like, okay, maybe you're getting into this over non-functional overreaching, which I want to talk about overtraining. Yeah. But nice but new spot. Thank you. But HRV. So do you think there's, you know, if there's some way people can kind of follow this consistent measurement protocol, same time of day, same posture, same controlled breathing or something that they do at a controlled breathing thing before they measure it, something that's giving them, you know, consistency. Yeah. The big ones in this particular area, these are all respiratory related, what you just described. There's lots of ways we measure readiness, performance, fatigue, like to many of which spectrum you're in here, people will call these different things, load management, there are performance-based ones. These ones you've all mentioned are in the respiratory physiology side. So that's great. We'll just check right there. Now HRV is one of them resting heart rates and other more commonly though that we use our respiratory rate. And then you can look at something like C2 tolerance. Let's just disregard those for now. We'll focus on respiratory rate. We'll focus on, yeah, and HRV and heart rate. Resting heart rate is a good sign. If conditions are stable, if your resting heart rate becomes elevated, probably more than three to five beats per minute for more than a couple of days, that is a good sign something is happening. In this case, not a good thing. Right. So we're starting to become elevated as you said earlier, generally indicates you're getting overcooked. Right. Too much training or elastatic load total, sexual recovery, non-an effort recovery, calories, something's going on there. The issue with that is resting heart rate is incredibly unsensitive. It takes weeks, but that to happen. You're well into that problem. And when you start seeing changes in resting heart rate, you are so far down that road that you've, like, we should have saw this week's ago. Even first thing in the morning, resting heart rate, you're talking about 100%. Yeah. You will not see a change in first thing resting heart rate for a very long time into problems. The reason why people like HR be more is because it is far more stable. It is also like resting heart rate non-specific. So you don't know what's happening, but that variability that you're mentioning that Ben talked about earlier, that's also the benefit. Once you establish somebody's standard deviation, what are they normally fluctuate? Some people are going to be really neurologically, or nervous isn't really super stable. Some people nervous system is really unstable. That itself is a marker. How why you range under daily HRB is incredibly telling to what's going on in your system. Because of that, that sensitivity, I can see things happening really quickly. Now, some of the common mistakes with HRB are looking at the flat score. You know, if I said right now, like, run over what's your resting heart rate? And if I said your resting heart rate to 100 beats per minute, you know that's bad. If I said right now, your HRB is 100. You have no idea if that means anything. I wouldn't know. I'd have to be like, okay, what devices that on? What conditions? I still don't know. So the benefit of something like a heart rate is it's clear and defined for the most part good and bad. HRB is not. It's really a moving target. So it's more sensitive, but it tells us information, the variability, like I said, tells us a lot. In addition to that, once I established your normal standard deviation, when you start exceeding one, especially two standard deviations for more than a couple of days, something is happening. And I will tell you right now, you will see that way before you start seeing changes in resting heart rate. That problem is going to occur a way before. You don't want to overreact to a single day, as I mentioned. So you wake up, you know, HRB and your devices will pick a number. 70, normally. Some people will stay within 70 to 75 to 65. So their standard deviation would be like five, no seconds. Some people's normal standard deviation is 20. How do they, how do they establish their normal standard deviation? 30 days. 30 days. Measure for 30 days. And try to keep things stable. Take the average, right? Most of your tracker devices and stuff will like give you these numbers anyways. If you're more than outside that standard deviation for one day, whatever, don't really care. Right? If it is three plus days, I typically am looking for five plus days. Five plus days of a continual pattern and one direction or the other, something is happening. Now it's non-specific. So there will be a lot of noise in the system. But again, I think this is like, this is a feature not a per kind of downside. Because we're going to see, like, okay, did you change something in your food and your sleep in your environment, you know, feeling the blanks? Everything can take care of there. We, we will use HRB a decent amount. Some people do as I said earlier, they get so obsessed with those numbers. We take it away. I'm going, hey, just how you feeling today? Right? Because of those exact problems when I mentioned it, like there will be a ton of variability. People can't get this faster. I literally was dealing with a client. He's like, we'll just say, sold a company early in life. He's in his 40s and just has way too much money. Right? This is obvious. He serves. What he does. Everything that we measure on him is fantastic. He's been in the program for probably a year and a half. So he's super dialed in everything. And he just can't get this HRB score out of his brain. Like, he can't get it because he's just like it's down, it's down, it's down. It's not down. Right? For him, this is a normal number and also, by the way, these technology companies, if you're using that stuff, they change algorithms constantly. So like, your score is kind of there. So those are all the reasons if you're like paying attention to commercial HRB stuff, that is right. You should be super skeptical. Don't over interpret those things. If you see something like resting heart rate change, that means something. There's no accident there. That wasn't because you had a bad night of sleep. And if you're consistently seeing an elevation of heart rate, one day difference in HRB could be nothing. It could be completely irrelevant to what you're doing. But that doesn't mean necessarily that that it's a bad marker. When you're using it appropriately, there's a ton of information we can clean out of that. Specifically, again, where we find most of the value is even things like biofeedback training. Right? We can develop more resilience within your nervous system and you can objectively see that. And so we can use a whole bunch of different tools where we can give people and we can say things like, okay, can you calm yourself down? Can you? Oh, yes, I can't. Great. Well, then show me in your physiology. And you can see them looking at HRB data and going, oh, it's not moving. Oh, great. This is why we want you to go do A, B, and C, or they can like a bunch of different ways you can do it. So that's a lot of value in HRB in the pattern of just my single one ultimate recovery marker. In my opinion, respiratory rate is even better. There. When you see changes in respiratory rate, this will happen way before changes in resting heart rate. And this is self will influence both resting heart rate and HRB. If you start breathing more, something is happening. There's actually a really interesting paper, Laura Bloomfield did a couple of papers where she conveniently she measured all these things resting heart rate, sleep, HRB, and looked at stress. And one thing she found in her second actually two studies in the second one found that you'll see something like, you're likely to experiencing moderate high stress. One beat per minute increase in resting heart rate gave like a one to two percent increase in risk. But a one breath per minute change in resting heart rate was a 20 to 30 percent increase in likely to experiencing moderate high stress, which is a way of saying that's that stuff will flag way before resting heart rate. Resting heart rate didn't do anything didn't tell them anything about it, but HRB and specifically respiratory rate shot way up. You can see a cute stress. If I look at someone's data in the morning and your normal respiratory rate is say 12, breath per minute overnight and you're at 14, I'm like, whoa, something is going on. If you're at 14 for two days in a row, boom, you're going to get sick the next day or you're already sick or something like, hey, it's going on around you. Okay, like what's going on? Like, oh my god, like something's happening. And so for me, when we're coaching people like we're coaching them, I don't want to wait six weeks to start seeing problems happen. I need to go like, hey, this happened right now. What the heck is happening? What's going on? And for our opinion, HRB and respiratory rate will jump off the charts way before resting heart rate. How accurate are respiratory rate devices? Like, that are measuring respiratory rate. Um, depends on the device you're using, uh, if you start going out to the wrist in the hand, we start losing accuracy. Right. If you're actually using a chest strap, we're getting better. When we really care about it, like, and we're actually like, sleep testing stuff, we're going to have a device directly on your chest. We're measuring not only respiratory rate, but we're measuring the amplitude of change in your chest. We're measuring the direct movement of it outside of that though. respiratory rate is pretty easy to measure. But I mean, if something's, if someone's doing this at home, are they going to be wearing a strap like, you can't sleep in? You can't or you can wear your wearable, your watch, your wearer. You can do that. You can do that. You can't. You can wear your watch. Um, for respiratory rate, okay, for HRB, we start to lose accuracy. But respiratory rate is actually pretty easy to pick up from a tracker. So you'll be okay there. HRB gets tricky. And, and, and the respiratory rate, so you're talking, you're mentioning the studies how stress, what, I mean, it's, it's very sensitive to stress. Yeah. And that's not just like psychological stress. It's just exercise. It's any type of stress on the body. Nutritional stress, environmental stress. Again, you'll see, if you remember a few years ago, we all remember COVID. There was a bunch of different devices that came out where, uh, NFL, NMBA, actually, they did it with aura. They were really, they had these like pre COVID flags. And we had a bunch of professional athletes. And I'll, like, I'll get more of some credit here. It was pretty good. And what I'm saying is, we would get an alert. We're like, boom, it's like somebody else COVID. I'm like, what? No signs, no symptoms. And then days, body temperature go up. Boom. Well, it's, it's combination. respiratory rate, body temperature and handle fluid things. And they had this like fancy algorithm. They just opened it up like publicly last year's. My friend, actually, actually, Mason's the one that's Susan Bobber with all that studies with that. Do you just fantastic? Yeah. Like, all that's tell you, like, I didn't look at the data. I didn't read the papers. But for our athletes, that gives pretty much spot on like, damn. And you like, have a data prepared, like, okay, great. You're going to get COVID tomorrow. Like, we just knew what's happening. So those things can be pretty sensitive. Even again, that's a wearable on their finger. And they were able to get good enough with their data to figure out, you're going to get sick the next day. So it can be, yes, stress, it can be nutrition. It can be actual, like bacterial viral infection, environmental exposure on allergens, tons of things like that can flag by the main people. Breathe more. Now, with this change in respiratory rate, indicate someone is transitioning from, like, functional overreaching to non functional reaching. Maybe you can explain what that is. Yeah. And then we can talk a little bit about, like, if that is a good indicator, with the best indicators are that. Yeah. Right. I mean, I got the way you feel as well. I don't know where that comes into, you're able to determine that. Yeah. Okay. Great. In order for you to create adaptation, we have to put in stress. That's how the body moves. Minovers itself. The more stressed, the more adaptation. At some point, though, too much stress overwhelms the system. And we start having negative adaptations. We start going backwards. We stop making progress. And eventually, actually, things get worse. You get hurt. You get injured. So I want to support. At the end of that station, that is overtraining. True physiological overtraining is very rare. It tends to take weeks if not months to recover from. This is not, you're not overtrained. If you're like, oh, I had to take Saturday off. I feel way better today. That's not overtrained. Overtrained is I couldn't exercise for two months, and then I finally started feeling better. So it's really uncommon. It does happen. Uncommon. Before that, you get into what's called non functional overreaching. So you're overreaching. You're pushing your body past where it should do. And you did it so much that when you actually recovered, you didn't get any positive adaptations. It was not functional. It didn't produce a benefit. So if you were to go this in the spectrum, right now, if you were not to go train, we got done. We would go left. Our acute performance would be worse because we're tired. Great. But then we rest and we come back tomorrow. Next day, our performance is better. If we keep doing that, though, we keep training, and we don't give ourselves enough time to recover, we'll eventually go down and perform it down and perform it down and perform it. And then if we take some time to recover, we should have this super compensation. That would be a situation when in which we overreached, but it was functional because it produced a benefit, produced performance at hands with more model congenery, more muscle, you know, filling the blank for whatever you want. So we have functional overreaching. That's what we're after. It was functional. We have non functional. You'll keep going either train too much, you underrecovered or both. And then you had to take weeks off, typically days off or weeks off, and you got back to baseline. And then overreaching is past that. That's the foundation that that's what we're really getting at. We want to spend as much time in functional overreaching as we can. And when we back out, we have, again, ideally a super compensation. We got the adaptation we're looking for. If you really get an overtraining, it's hard to define because there's no marker of. We actually have this really cool um Philip Larson, his lab in Carla's Institute has published a bunch of really cool papers. This is a handful of very specific model congeny markers that they've identified. They can actually see overtraining happening before any other signal of them. There's like six or eight different metabolites they've got that they've published. It's really interesting stuff. I actually think they're on a something pretty smart there. But because of that, like this is one of the exercise science problems. Like what are the signs of of true overtraining? I don't know, you're tired. You're hungry. Maybe you're sleeping more. Maybe you're sleeping less. Maybe you're not hungry. Like it's kind of like everything. There's no this. It is just like, well, we saw people that were overtrained and then some of them had less energy. Some of them had more. It's all over the board, right? There's no class. Like there's there's these classical literature on things like testosterone and cortisol ratio and cortisol DHA ratios and there's lots of other little market. But there's no one specific biomarker or performance marker or subjective marker or sleep marker that is like the definitive, yes, your diagnosis with overtraining. Like that doesn't exist. So it's a combination of all these things that we're looking at to try to determine whether or not somebody's in that spot or whether they're functionally overreached or non-functionally overreached. So it's a pretty messy situation to be told beyond us with it. So we don't exactly know what we're doing. All that then our line saying, all right, how does somebody know? I don't know. Take it a off. Do you feel better? Yeah, I feel way better. Okay, probably functionally overreached or non-functionally overreached. That's good. Good position to be in. Took a week off. Still feel terrible. Okay, now we might need to deploy some more aggressive solutions because you may have actually pushed way past that limit. So that's that is really the best way to think about overall overtraining. What happens to someone's hormones like testosterone, for example, when they're in non-functional overtraining and then. So generally what's going to happen along that entire cascade in all that you're going to be less than a ballic? Good. Good. Good non-functional overreaching. Yeah, yeah, no, I got you. It's it's it's it's it's going to be okay. So you're going to so you're going to start off and things get worse testosterone will go down. If you stay it there, if you're not getting back into the functional overreaching. Yeah, like so let's just say we start we're not working out. We haven't trained in in a month and then we pick it up again. You and we get after we're going. The first couple of weeks we might see a reduction in basal testosterone. We've overloaded the system a little bit. Do things might get worse, right? Your physical performance might get worse fatigue is setting and this is a stressor. This is actually good. This is why you wouldn't want to come in and give yourself an anti-inflammatory. We wouldn't want to come in self give yourself like you're actually trying to induce that adaptation here. And so when you see markers that look like they're bad, this is just a signal that says you're overloaded right now. Wrestling heart rate might go up. HRV goes down. That's okay. This is the offseason for athletes. We expect these things to happen at the beginning of the offseason and we just start training again. Normal. If we continue past that, I'm sorry, I was up. If you were the word a stop and you were to start recovering more, then you'll see testosterone come right back up. Potentially almost likely not go back any higher. But it'll come right back up and performance will go higher. So like an acute and I'm defining acute as like a couple of days or a couple of weeks of something like testosterone going down early in a training phase. It's very normal. It might stay the same, but it might come down a little bit. And if it does come down a little bit, I'm not stopping training. I'm not backing off unless we're seeing signs of like extreme fatigue or pain or whatever. But that little bit of like short term, what looks like a negative thing is not. It's a normal physiological response. If we were to keep going though, we didn't bring you out of that. And then we got into something like non functional overreaching. Then the testosterone is still going to be down or potentially lower. But then you'll start seeing the things of, now my performance has been down. It's been down for three weeks. It's been down for five weeks. It's not coming back up. Okay. Sleep issues, hunger issues, or a motivation issues. You continue to go and you get it to intro over training. Now almost surely antivalacharmones are down. The few studies directly on actual overtraining suggested that that something like a testosterone recovery might take a while. It can really struggle to come back typically when somebody's like a little bit overreached. Even if their testosterone is down, a couple of days off comes back. Like it flies right back up. It's not really a compromised endological system there. It's just an acute fatigue. What about in women? It's the same thing. It's obviously testosterone total amount of the lower. But same exact curve, basically. Okay. So most people probably aren't. I mean, there's athletes that might be consistently in non functional overreaching, especially if they're, they keep that vicious cycle of their trying to train more to get better and they don't recover or they don't allow for enough recovery. I'd say we've seen it more non-athletes and athletes. Really? Yeah, way more. Because an athlete's generally pretty entuned. And they're like, oh, I don't want to do this thing of whatever. You'll get feedback from them. It's oftentimes the hard charging CEOs. This is the like, I'm burning the bridge. I'm I'm on oftentimes a lot of stimulants or other things. I'm running a company. I'm doing this. I'm traveling a bunch and then, oh, yeah, I do all I do is high-intensity exercise training. And then because of that, I'm on a lot of stimulants, like I said, and then all you have them, my sleep's not great. It's inconsistent. I'm in different time zones. I don't see my kit. It's that whole thing that goes, woo. Elastatic logis gets through the roof and there's no payback. That's the people we've seen more in the non functional overreaching. And then they wonder why they're plateaued. Yeah. They're not getting anywhere. I only, like, there's a few times while I get like, like, like, like, okay, I got to just not work out today because I just wake up and I feel tired. Yep. How much do you do when you're on training days, when you're working out hard, do you require a more sleep? That's actually, we didn't, okay, I'm on laughing here because that makes intuitive sense, right? And we have a number, like, we work with, um, I have a company absolute rest and we have the most famous, you would know the name, sleep scientists in the world, right? The most published ones. I've asked that question so many times. Nobody has a direct answer. It makes sense, right? I burn more calories today. I should sleep more. There's no compelling scientific evidence to suggest that caloric expenditure is directly tied to minutes of sleep needed. That said, like, Jeffrey Jermer has done this for 30 years. He's like, there is. Like, he just, he's saying, I'm telling you clinically, that happens. So I'm like, very much laughing, and you see that because I'm like, man, I know what the science says on that, but my experience is different. And Jeff is like, no, the higher output sports need more sleep. High volume people need more sleep. People that are like professional athletes, but they don't have a lot of chloroquist expenditure. Don't seem to need as much sleep. I defer to Jeff on this one. I'm like, I think he's actually right. I think they same. So it's very funny in question. But is that like true in a day to day basis? I don't think so. I don't think just because you train really hard today. You have to have more sleep tomorrow. I think on average over weeks, that might probably line up, but that's the best we can answer it. Because you know, the opposite is true, right? If you're not getting enough sleep. No, yeah. Then it's going to affect your performance. It's going to affect your adaptations. I mean, everything, right? So there is nothing we can do to enhance performance more this so there's no supplement. There's nothing that's even close. Right. So sleep is like the best. I mean, and it's part of the recovery, right? Again, recovery is so important for performance. When you ask about recovery earlier, that's our first step. How does how does a person know if they are really getting enough sleep? Because as you mentioned, all these sleep trackers and this is that. I got, you know, I'm clearly very biased here. This is what my company does at a very high level. Right? So I have a vested interest in a different answer here than probably most. Well, we spend a lot of time. I've been fortunate to work with many of the highest paid athletes in the world where we had unlimited funds to do anything. And we know what the same time sleep is so critically important. But the best thing we could do is send them in like a sleep clinic or a consumer wearable. And it was like killing me. I'm like, how is there not better sleep solutions than these? That's why we went and built up suit rest. How do we know if it's enough? We do it differently. We actually have a bunch of direct measures of follow-up cognitive and physical performance. So we determine high quality sleep as a function of how you actually performing. So that is a different answer for everybody. It can be a time domain. It can be, there's actually one of the markers we use is actually called sleep quality index. It's FDA approved tons of evidence behind it. That metric alone is an okay single number. If you want to use it, but that has a lot of validation behind it. We start there. But like I said, sometimes it is a numbers game. It is a total amount of hours. Past that it's way more interesting stuff than sleep staging. Sleep staging is is like not a good way at all to think about sleep quality. More interesting are things like fragmentation. Sleep stability. Sleep range. The amount of time you send in those arbitrary sleep stages varies wildly by cognitive demand. Your body is not asked to do the same things on every day. So it's not going to have the same sleep architecture every day. So the way that we define high quality sleep completely different. What we are working on right now actually is direct testing of next day cognitive function. That's how we backfill sleep quality. And sleep timing. And so we want to actually develop methodologies in which we're like we will actually test a whole bunch of different cognitive functions and we can determine what is actually effective for you based on your actual functionality rather than an arbitrary set of numbers. If that is like what the LZ talking about back all the way up into sleep. How do you define the quality sleep for you? How is your daytime function? That is your thing. Are you fatigued? Are you sleep without the day? Everyone is going to be somewhat sleepy, particularly in the afternoon. Right? But is it detrimental to your performance? How are you performing cognitively? How are you performing physically? Right? And then how much strain are you under? If you're happy with all those things, then I would say you have good sleep quality. We don't have to, we don't have to get any piece of technology past that. If you're failing or you're like slightly subopting in one of those areas, then we might have to do some tinkering might have to do some follow up. But if you're like I wake up, I'm a little bit tired in the morning but like that's normal. Yeah, I like I have a coffee and then I feel fine, a little bit tired in the afternoon, but I train, I feel good. You probably say pretty good. That's a pretty good marker. It's not that let's talk with. I don't know. You don't need to go out and get yourself tested. This kind of, I feel like all those things like how you feel, I used to do all the sleep tracking and or ring and I do have an eight-sleep bed which tracks my sleep well. And the only time I use it, I mean, I use the cool thing all that, but the only time I look at my data is if I'm like I go out with friends and I'm like I'm like I just I know I got like six hours sleep or something like curious, you know? I feel like the next day too. Then it's like that's when I use it. But you know measures my resting heart rate too. I'll look at that. Sure. It's not as probably as good as wearing the or ring, but yeah, I think that there's a lot of benefit in calibration in awareness, in accountability. So I actually don't even care which tracker you use or the accuracy. Because for those three things, it's great. Here's examples. Some people have no idea other sleeping. Like oh yeah, I sleep six hours and I sleep five hours and I think you're looking like you sleep eight hours and I think you know no idea what good. So a tracker accurate or not, it's good for accountability. When people know they're being watched, they make better decisions, right? It's good for awareness. So pick your poison. I have it multiple eight sleeps actually at my house. They're great. I love them. Awesome. Use that. Use or use whatever you want to do. If you're actually trying to get into the nitty gritty of sleep details, then like you need to take an appropriate look and appropriate set of technologies, not not those ones. But if you don't care about that, there's tons of benefits from people just like getting somewhat aware and being held kind of accountable. People generally make better decisions, especially again, the folks that we work with, we're, they know we're going to look. They know someone's going to be like, what did you do? And then they have to answer that question. They just tend to make slightly better decisions. What are some of the highest impact behaviors like adjustments to improve overall sleep quality? I mean, I heard you're talking about hydration in for hours and learned a lot. I talk about everything. Yeah, I look around. But what I really, what I realized, you know, I like to drink hot tea, especially in the winter time, like in the evening. Yeah. Orble tea. And it is just detrimental to my sleep, because I'll have to wake up and pee once or twice. If twice is like the worst. But I've been convinced that I have to like starve myself of water or go to bed, like hours. Like, you know, I like in the three hours before bed, it's, it's water fasting, like little, little bits of water. And then I can make it through the night without getting up once. And it's amazing. So I'd love to know. I mean, there's a lot of sleep hygiene. And of course, you can talk about that. But like some of the high impact behaviors. Maybe things that people don't realize. Yeah. You know all the big stuff. I'll skip past it. Okay. You got it all cold, dark. You know, blah, blah. Past that hydration is one of them. My expectation is for people to wake up at most ones per night. I would like to get you zero. It's not always realistic. Past once per night now we have something to fix for most people. If you're causing the damage by drinking too much water at night, then let's stop that. I drink tea pretty much right before bed at night. Generally, I'm okay with it. If it's not, then then back it off. And if that means you have to go back to three hours, then that's what you got. I have the tea at four o'clock in the afternoon. I guess. I don't know. I have a back there. Okay. No problem there. Other stuff that people generally don't think about a couple of things. Feteague and falling a sleep at night does not necessarily equate to down regulation. So we have something called a wind down index. I have a whole bunch of metrics we can look at. This is very common for the person who wakes up at two or three in the morning. Any of that happens all the time. Or when they wake up at two or three in the morning, they can't get back to sleep. Really strongly tied to lack of wind down index. And so what does that mean? Just like with your kid, you probably have a 60 to 90 minute routine that that person goes through and you even realize it. But that is really critically important to getting you to land in the right spot. Your routine is probably 15 minutes. Right now yours, but you don't even. And so having a more appropriate game plan of what that is, it doesn't mean to have to avoid light. Doesn't mean you have to avoid TV. Doesn't mean you have to sleep with your phone in a different room. You can do all those things. You don't have to. We have tremendous high-resolient sleepers that do all those things. But it is about a consistent routine number one. Just try to do the same thing as often as you possibly can. We'll work out switching out behaviors a little bit later. That's another one. A ventilation in the room is critically important. People don't pay attention to this. One of the biggest reasons people wake up at the night is because they can't breathe through their nose. One of the biggest reasons you can't breathe through their nose is dander, pollen, allergens, something like that. Start to blog it up. Whether that's completely blocked or not, but then you open up and you start mouth breathing. Mouth breathing then means your tongue is a bigger issue. As well as your mouth can get dehydrated or get dry rather and you have a little bit of dry mouth and you need to have a drink of water at night. These things can happen. This will wake people up at time. You want to make sure that you have proper ventilation in your room. One of the things that also happens in this is CO2. CO2 levels rise above 9 and a part is per million. This will significantly and dramatically affect everything from sleep onset, sleep quality. Next day perceived fatigue. Next day arithmetic ability. CO2 getting too high in a room can happen because your doors and windows are all closed. If you have multiple bodies, you and your partner, your dog is in there. All of you are now kicking out CO2 into the room. You're exhaling. If that room is small and again lack of ventilation, that number starts to rise. If you are particularly sensitive to CO2 as well, which many people are, then that kicks off that entire cascade. You get pushed way more into sympathetic drive. And again, the biggest issue is you will see a subjective and objective massive change in fatigue and energy and cognitive function the next day. People rarely think talk about CO2 concentrations in your room. This is a classic case of like I do all the things. I've listened to Matt Walker. I do all of it and I still suck at sleep. You start thinking about what's going on in your physical environment. Okay, so CO2 monitor. I have one. So getting a CO2 monitor. What's the number? 900 parts per million. So you don't want to be above that. Yep. You will see typically 1,200, 1300 in people like really consistently. That's not that bad. Most of the problems happen at like 2,000, 2500, 3000. So if you're freaking out, you're like, oh my god, I only said 900 and I'm at 1000. Okay. Don't worry about it. So what do you do to improve your airflow? I mean, just open a window. Okay, you have tons of combinations of things you can do here on both ends of spectrum. Number one, you can actually just become more resilient to CO2. So if you work on your CO2 tolerance, this will help, especially if you're CO2 intolerant. Outside of that, lower the amount in the room. If you can't open up windows at night, that's great. If you can have less bodies in your room, that's great. Those two things are generally not very much of an option for people. Awesome. Can you get high ventilation in that room before you go to bed? Have your doors and windows open? Get that number down. When I used to live here in LA, our house was probably, I don't know, 2400 square feet, multiple level. And we're in LA, so our doors and windows were closed because their quality is just, it is what it is here. It would not be uncommon for us to just, by the time it's like 7 o'clock at night, have 2,200 parts from moon, like, oh my gosh, it's up there. And it would take us hours to open up windows and just let the CO2 clear in the house. You're talking about 4 humans, 2 dogs, and even in a pretty big place, that feels up pretty fast. So can you start that process earlier? As early in the day, can you open up windows in the house? If not, at least open up your sleeping space so that air flow can get in and out of that. If you need to turn a physical fan on to do that, that's another option. And it will drop pretty fast by doing that. Okay. What about people's nose that are closing up? I mean, you know, if you have a lot of pollen, let's say you have pet down to her. I mean, do you have to get these allergen pillow cases? Like how do you, how do you stop your nose from closing up? Okay. So a bunch of different things there as well. One, same exact answer. Try to get as much of that clear out of there as possible before the night time starts. Right. Now you'll particularly see this with people who are like, my nose is fine throughout the day. And I just wake up at night. It's only happens at night. Only happens in my bedroom when you lay down or start. Part of that's gravity. Part of that's physically gravity. Like you're laying up here or standing up here and you go backwards and then it's going to sit there. Like part of is that. So number one, do all the things I just talked about, cleaning the air out of there. If you want to get an air filter and then specifically put it in or above or around your bedroom, that is a great option. Do you can go there's an next step. Third step is you can just use flownAs. You can use a very simple nasal dilator. Right. So whether this is actually like a nose strip that you can put on, use a bunch of different companies for this or an actual like injection. Like again, like a flownAs and you can squirting your nose before bed, dilate your nose. You can stop having problems that way. So there's three or four different things you can try. We've used and we'll use all those things pretty consistently and they're all pretty beneficial and they work pretty well. There's there's some amount of just like like morning gunk you'll have. That's normal. That's okay. But if this is consistently waking up with dry mouth and nose completely clogged, then now I would do all those steps. Pass that. Then you got to really start thinking about special pillow cases and different solutions like that. But those are more expensive. The rest of stuff I mentioned is cheaper. So if you're going to, let's say have the three highest impact behavior changes to improve sleep. Yeah. I'd say like have a consistent approach. Timing system, whatever you want to be, routine number one and I want to be really clear. I know I'm running out but that doesn't mean like 45 minutes of breath work and meditation like that's not the routine. The routine can just simply be, I do the dishes and then I brush my teeth and then I check my, like that is fine for the routine. It doesn't have to be this big like 90 minute. My phone's gone and like that's not what I'm referring to. Just do the same thing as much as you can in the same order in the same routine. Number two, make sure that your physical environment past temperature, past sound, past light, like you're taking a caution that. If you don't have a CO2 sensor or an environmental scanner, we send that out to everybody so they always have those just open up the ventilation anyways. So you can do those steps regardless of the testing. So that'd be my second biggest one. Another one that I would maybe say pop off that's abnormal. Yeah, honestly like the wind on in the X is pretty popular. So making sure just because you're fatigued and you're going to fall asleep quickly that you're still doing something to make sure that your peristimbed that system is actually turned on. That's a little bit different. So we always say like turn on the off switch. We want to do so. Whatever that takes for you to do it. Some people that's reading. Other people that's not. For me, a reading doesn't do it for me. Brother work will not do it for me. I actually have to have something that physically triggers my brain of like gives me permission to let go for the day. That means I'm doing something that is so unproductive. I'm probably like reading some blog that for other people read about what the CLC did with their 12 string wide receiver. Like something that is like clearly not work related for me that is what I feel like is a waste of time. That is just a trigger for me to go. Yeah, it's your time. You don't have to be productive. You don't have to answer anybody like all the input. Everybody wants something from you all day. Your space. So I'm doing that. I'm watching something non like inspiring or motivational on TV. Whatever the case is, right? Like a tonting videos for me that's like outdoors stuff. I'm like watching cool things like that. They makes me super happy and I check out. That doesn't work for me for Natasha. That doesn't work for it all. Whatever it is that cues you that your day is over. You give your brain permission to be done for the day. That's it. So that would be my three big areas that people can try. I love it. It's funny. That's um, I do those things and I didn't realize that the routine really is when I break my routine. I have a hard time falling asleep. Yeah. And and my routine is like a simple thing. You know where it's like, you know, I I brush my teeth, I wash my face and then I read the non completely non work related thing as well. It's got to be like, like I never get on Instagram. I don't get on social media. Like I can't it's too work. It's work for me. It's hard. It's so yeah. It's got to be like completely separate from work. What do you like relaxing music? It depends on books or or no, no, no, no. So I do like I haven't been reading books at night in a while now. I read them during the day because the light component. Yeah. But no, I'll I'll just read like new stuff or on your phone on my phone. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. Yeah. Um, it oftentimes will be um, I will read like some cool science stuff. But it's not necessarily like health. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't feel like it's, you know, my work. Yeah. Yeah. Technology or whatever other fun stuff relaxing music. We play. I like hear some relaxing music that also helps like yeah. But um, no, this has been super awesome. Andy, I really appreciate you coming out. And let's let's talk about you've got this podcast perform. You talk all about, I mean, it's you and also other guests you have on that are experts. Yeah. The um, it's seasonal. So we did 10 episodes of first season and then we took five or six months off. And then season two was out now. No guests season one, just me going nuts. And then we brought in some guests this season and uh, we're actually going to finish up filming tomorrow. We'll be done for this season. We'll take a little break. And then another set will come out later in the fall. So I can't do the, I don't know how you all do it. Like the, the consistent podcast is a, it takes my soul in a good way. Um, yeah, super fun. I appreciate you bring that up. It's um, you know, like performance is naming a game like we want to help people perform with their best. Whatever that means to them, like however that means them. So yeah, I enjoy it. Love it. Uh, and yeah, thanks for bringing it up. Yeah, you've got a couple other things you mentioned throughout the podcast too. Yeah, um, obviously we're building that human performance center in Dallas, which is really awesome. I can't wait to share with people some of the technology that we built inside that thing. It doesn't exist anywhere else in the world. It's like super exciting. The ability for us to conduct research out of their, to do studies that I've wanted to do for decades. You know, it's like, well, that's just not feasible anymore. Um, the, the team down there at Parker has removed those barriers. They're like, make it world class and we're making it world class. We're doing a study right now. Actually, there were actually a lot of people were creating for maybe I can pitch that if that's cool with you. We're uh, my, my grad student zone. He came with me from California and Federica. They're running a study where we're looking at sleep across the menstrual cycle. Studying enough, there's not a lot of research on this and the stuff that's been done is questionnaires and maybe like a PSG, like two days here, two days, two days at the end of the cycle or something. So there's still a bunch of understalled questions about what actually happens to sleep quality throughout the menstrual cycle. And so we're actively recruiting. So if you are female and you are interested in this, I would like love love to have you involved in our study. You can be anywhere. You don't have to be in Dallas. So it's open. We're recruiting work. We're doing an open protocol. You get a bunch of stuff with it. But we're going to run full clinical grade FDA approved sleep analysis every night throughout the entire cycle. Um, so we'll do psychome app and we'll do blood with you urine. We'll do a bunch of cognitive stuff. And so we're really going to see like, is sleep changing in people with the normal menstrual cycle across the window. What age range? 18 to 35. So younger healthier, you know, all that stuff. We really wanted to do it actually. Matt was trying to get us to do this and and manifest stuff. And I was like, I want to. But I got to answer one question, like at a time, rather than do it a time. So it's just cool stuff like that that we can do because of some of the technology we have. Um, but yeah, we're actually recruiting. That's our first like big study out of there. And then we got a bunch of other ones. But yeah, the performance center should be open next year. Hopefully that's exciting. And people come down and check it out. It'll be open to public too. Yeah. I'm heading to Dallas in April. Maybe back again. But yeah, I'll drop you a line when I when I had a back there. Yeah, let us know. Super excited about that. Um, yeah, then grad students too. If you want to come to grad school, we have an online program. So we can get a master's in strength and performance with me. That's fully virtual or you can come in person and then work on our lab where we have a lot of projects. So welcome all the bodies. So bring it. Every time I said that people like, oh my god, you're in blocks. I'm like, I don't care. Bring them all. That's awesome. That's awesome. Well, next time I'd love to, uh, we talked a lot about nutrition and supplements and recovery. I'd love to get into strength training and protocols and resistance training, strength training, hypertrophy training. Yeah. You know, I got to tell you something before you leave and go out of here. I'm so proud of you. The fact that you post those strength training videos and I know what happens in the comments section to that. Like it's everything of me not just be like, I'm like, I'm around everybody on there. But it is really hard for people to post stuff like that. When you know you're, you're, and you know what's going to happen. But you're very courageous putting that stuff up there. I think it helps a lot of women. I think it's dope as fuck. I think it's the coolest thing. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. No, I mean, I'm, uh, you know, starting out and I think I think it's great. And I want to encourage other women too. Yeah. Love it. Awesome. Thank you so much, Andy. Been a real pleasure having you on. Appreciate it. Can't wait, uh, can't wait to chat again and this has been so long coming. A big thank you to Dr. Andy Gallop and for coming on the podcast and thank you for listening. If you found this episode valuable, please support found my fitness by subscribing to our YouTube channel. You can leave a comment and feedback and these insights really can directly shape our future content. Additionally, please subscribe on Apple Podcasts or Spotify wherever you like to listen to your content to make sure you never miss an episode. If you'd like to leave a five star review, that would also be very appreciated. For more frequent science driven updates, please follow me on Instagram at foundmyfitness. Thank you so much and talk to you soon.