But I think where ketone shine is using exogenous ketones as a means to preserve performance, resilience in extreme environments. There are so many different factors that need to come into play when you're choosing to do a ketone diet, including monitoring. People really need to track nutrients, track calories, some people put, you know, they eat a ketone joint diet, but they put the same amount of food on the plate and the caloric density of the ketone diet is like 50% higher. So you can't eat. So typically, you know, we have autofeedback mechanisms that will tell us when we're associated with full, but for some people they don't work well. So they do need to count calories and macrony trance and track, at least initially so they have some idea of how many calories are you going to eat it. Hey everyone, I'm sitting here with Dr. Dom Dagestino, who is an associate professor at the University of South Florida. He's also a research scientist at the Institute for Human and Machine Coognition. His research lab focuses on metabolic therapies, including ketogenic diets, ketone supplements, among others. I'm super excited to have you back on the podcast, Dom. It's been six and a half years or so. It's been quite some time since we had a conversation. And since then, ketone, or as it's called for sure in the popular world, has really, it's exploded in popularity. And I feel like with that explosion and popularity, it's, it's lost a little bit of, it's become a little bit more of a brand and in the popular mind and less of a distinct metabolic state. And so I'm excited to have you here to talk about the science, to give us a refresher about the science of ketogenicis, ketosis, ketogenic diets, ketone supplements and all those things. And as someone that has been researching it over the years, who's been practicing ketogenic diets personally for also many years. Maybe we can kind of just start with a refresher. What ketogenicis is? Yeah, I think that gets lost in, you know, all the noise because it has been commoditized, it's sort of speak and commercialized in ways that are not always very good. So a ketogenic diet is unique from a dietary therapy point of view, and that it's the only diet that we know of that is defined by an objective biomarker. So that's ketones. And you measure that in your blood and your urine and also in your breath, right? So there's different ways to do that. If you are not in a state of hyper ketoneemia elevated ketones, you're technically not on a ketogenic diet. And what most people don't really appreciate is that to really get higher levels of ketones that are therapeutically linked to what it's used to treat, which is like neurological disorder, seizures, and things like that, you really have to increase the fat, drop the carbohydrates especially, but moderate the protein, and really consume a really high fat diet. And that's not always sort of appreciated in the mainstream. And a clinical diet is probably not the best choice for a lot of people, a clinical ketogenic diet. But there are variations of the diet from a four to one, which is a classical ketogenic diet, which is 90% fat, and one part protein and carbohydrates. And then all the way on the other end of the spectrum, there's the modified ketogenic diet or modified atkins, or low glycemic index therapy, or LGIT. And that's more of a one to one ketogenic diet is personally kind of what I follow. And I think you can construct a diet in a way that produces a mild state of ketosis. I think that could be a good lifestyle diet. But it's far different than the classical ketogenic diet, which was used for pediatric epilepsy. But they both have therapeutic effects that we can delve into. Can you give us an example of that type of diet and also what is defined as being in either mild ketosis to actually, you know, basically identify you as being in a state of ketosis from a ketogenic diet, or even from other, we can talk for other ways obviously. We've had a lot of people in the podcast talking about fasting. Yeah. So a ketogenic diet produces ketosis by suppressing insulin, right? And I think of it as like almost like insulin suppression therapy. So when you fast, you suppress the hormone insulin, you deplete liver glycogen, and then that accelerates beta oxidation fatty acids. And it's the oxidation fatty acids in the liver or the over oxidation fatty acids that accelerates production of citochore. And then that condenses to acetylacidate and beta hydroxypurate. So that's accelerated at a maximal state with fasting. And you can mimic that state of fasting with a classical ketogenic diet, which is like 90 to 80 percent fat. With a level of carbohydrate that almost has no effect on insulin really. So you maintain, so in many ways it mimics fasting and that you have a low insulin, low IGF1, a little bit suppression of the M2R because protein is moderated to. And then that diet is used classically for epilepsy. And then there's that's the four to one ketogenic diet. And extreme cases they use a five to one ketogenic diet. But and then if you move down the spectrum, it's three to one, two to one, and then modified acens, which is like a 1.5 to one ketogenic diet. To a low glycemic index diet. So what that would mean is far as to give an example for me. So yesterday I counted my macros and I had 200 grams of protein, 150 grams of fat, and 50 grams of carbohydrates. So 200 grams of protein compared to a combination of 150 grams of fat and 50 grams, or 150 grams of protein, sorry, and 50 grams of carbohydrates. So that would be a 1 to 1. So I have 200 grams of fat, 150 grams of protein and 50 grams of carbs. Right? So it's 200 grams and 200 grams. So that's how, you know, that's how it's constructed in the world of epilepsy or dietary therapies by grams, not percentages. So that's a one to one ketogenic diet. And that sounds extremely high in fat, right? 200 grams of fat and 150 grams of protein. But that's actually the very liberal, more loose version of the ketogenic diet that produces a very mild state of elevated ketones. Whereas a four to one ketogenic diet would be like 400 grams of fat to like, you know, 90 grams of protein and 10 grams of carbohydrates, right? So that would be very high in fat. So they both interestingly, the researcher of the years have shown that they both have anti-seizure effects, and we're getting a better appreciation for a more liberal version of the ketogenic diet that is not so protein restricted and not so extremely carbohydrate restricted. Then something like a low glycemic index diet, which can produce little or no ketones, it can still have an anti-seizure effect and still have benefits, even independent of high ketones. So that's kind of interesting to me because it was always thought of that you needed to get really high ketones to achieve a therapeutic effect. But it looks like you could probably get many benefits from low ketones, but you're also suppressing insulin and, suppressing a lot of other pathways that are, you know, therapeutic. And so they're altering, I should say, different pathways. What? I don't know if I answer your question, but yeah, I'm just trying to, there's very many terms of the ketogenic diet. And I think that over the last 10 years, I guess it's longer than that. I think in 2008, Dr. Eric Kossoff from Johns Hopkins, he worked with Dr. John Freeman, the late John Freeman, and developed a modified acenst diet or modified ketogenic diet for adult epilepsy. And it was published that the diet can work for adults too, back in 2007 or 8, think around that time. So we have many variations of the ketogenic diet even used clinically. And then when people talk about the ketogenic diet in the mainstream, that could be anything. Typically, it means carbohydrate, you know, restriction, and it could be the carnivore diet. It could be, and we can talk about that. And there are many different variations, but clinically what you have is a five to one, which is very extreme high fat, four to one, three to one, two to one. And then a modified ketogenic diet or low glycemic index diet. And all of them are therapeutic in one way or another, and they're used for a variety of different neurological disorders, seizure disorders, metabolic disorders. But some are more efficacious for others. It depends on the individual. It depends on compliance, on the family. There's a lot to be considered when it comes to implement these approaches. For a person who is not done a ketogenic diet before, what would be a good starting point? Like, you know, would you want to start with something that's one of the more like four or five to one, you know, because from my own personal experience, and I'm going to be doing another ketogenic diet very soon. I just haven't gotten my backmarker's mentioned, but it was very challenging for me, even someone that does a lot of intermittent fasting, to really, to get into ketosis and to really stay. And also what levels, like if someone's measuring, and we can talk about biomarkers and measuring things, but like, you know, what would be considered a mild state of ketosis, if you're wanting to go by ketone levels. Yeah. So, very good question. It's very context-dependent. So, if you are using the ketogenic diet to manage a metabolic or a metabolic, linked disorder or a brain disorder like epilepsy, right? You probably want to start with a clinical ketogenic diet and be under the supervision of a registered dietitian and a neurological team. So, this is what they use in epilepsy. And there used to be an induction phase where they would fast you, and that actually helps facilitate metabolic switching, which is the transition into ketosis from being primarily a glucose oxidizer to a fat and ketone utilization. So, you can speed that with fasting. But then you have most people are doing it, you know, for as a lifestyle approach. So, in our clinical trial that we're doing using in non-diabetic people, they tend to be a little bit on the heavier side, maybe, but they don't have type 2 diabetes, they're using it to optimize their metabolic parameters and in glycemic variability. We transition them into a ketogenic diet over four to six weeks. So, we titrate the carbohydrates down. And what we have found in my colleague has found Dr. Allison Hall, who's working, she's at the Florida Medical Clinic and has a wellness program that compliance and adherence to the diet and ultimately the results are better. If you take someone who's eating two, three hundred grams of carbohydrates a day, that's standard, you know, American diet, and you drop them down to, you know, a hundred and then the 75 and then 50 at about the four to six week point. And you get a very nice improvement in many different subjective and objective, you know, biomarkers. They feel better signs of mood are increased anxiety using the grad 7 tests, the PHQ9, SSQ sleep actually improves. If you were to abruptly start the ketogenic diet, you're more likely to get side effects and you're more likely to get things like sleep destruction, lipid abnormalities, elevated triglycerides, you get a quick spike in LDL. This can occur if you rapidly start the ketogenic diet, especially in the context of not calorie restricting. When you calorie restricting ketogenic diet, it sort of mitigates some of the many of the things that are negatively associated with high fat diets, you know, so the transitions a lot easier if you calorie restricting with the ketogenic diet. So that needs to be appreciated. But if for lifestyle, I would recommend if you're not used to, if you're not on a carbohydrate restricted diet, to ease into it and titrate it in over time, if you're not in a rush, right? So for me personally, I follow what would be considered a very modified supplemented ketogenic diet that would be more along the lines of a low glycemic index diet. So I have about, you know, 10 to some days, 20% of my diet is actually carbohydrates, but in the form of fiber-svetrable. So non, essentially non-lycemic carbohydrates. So a lot of leafy greens, a lot of, the carbohydrates that make up my ketogenic diet are on the, like, typically have about one-third to almost half of it is fiber. And has very little impact or actually can improve glycemic variability or reduce it. And it moderates the digestion of protein and helps delay gastric absorption. So the nutrients and things that I'm eating actually get into circulation in a protracted way. So the fiber helps to slow digestion. And so fat and fiber together are really important for the ketogenic diet. And that's not something classically that's accepted or considered. But as we learn more about ketogenic diets, we have an appreciation for the types of fats that are in the diet and actually incorporating fiber, not only to improve digestion and protein assimilation, but to enhance and preserve the gut microbiome, which is to be appreciated. There was a lack of that understanding 20 or 30 years ago, and it came into the conversation about 10 years ago. And now it's actually become a major focus of a lot of these dietary interventions, low-carving ketogenic diets. We need to appreciate fiber as part of improving the diversity and maintaining the gut microbiome. You've just answered one of the main questions I had about being on a ketogenic diet and somehow intelligently designing a diet that had include more fiber and your thoughts on how fiber would be important. It's really interesting to hear you say that because the other thing is that fiber you are making butary in the gut when you're bacteria is making it microbiome inside your gut. And that is feeling the colonic diets, giving energy. Is it, for me, when I was doing the ketogenic diet, I did find that I ended up just naturally fasting more because it's so difficult things I could eat. It was like, well, I can't snack on some macadamias and a person in the point. It was like, well, this is too much the brachios of protein. I'd have to not eat. I found that I was basically this dietary, doing a lot of dietary restriction alongside the ketogenic diet. But I also found that when I would add like dark leafy green greens, the portions really made a difference for me. Like, for example, cooked spinach, like you don't think about it, but like because you're cooking it, it's like a lot more spinach than you would think it is. And so like a little serving of it looks small, but it's actually quite a bit. And so I noticed that cooked, if I had like a portion of cooked spinach, you know, I wouldn't totally take me out of ketosis, but it wasn't getting me into that higher level. So, you know, I would go from like 3 mm or down to, you know, 1. So, um, so you were cooking your spinach. Yeah, if you take raw leafy greens, so the cell walls intact, but when you cook vegetables, green vegetables, they heat, ruptures of cell walls. So you make the carbohydrates a little more accessible, even if it's green, leafy vegetables. So that's going to impact, believe it or not, you know, within the context of a ketogenic diet. It makes a difference. If you have greens that are raw, the glycemic impact is essentially nothing, but if you cook your greens and, you know, it does make it proportionally much smaller. So you're more likely to eat more, but it also makes the carbohydrates accessible because the heat is rupturing the cell wall. So, you're similar to like juicing or a smoothie or something like that, right? So, although with the smoothie, that's the fiber and so, in with it too. So that's a big consideration that people need to consider. Yeah, so yeah, but volume. But with a salad, like salad that would, an example of a salad on a modified ketogenic diet, or modified that can style it would be, you know, fatty fish, like salmon, leafy greens, like arugula, maybe some spinach and and romaine lettuce and stuff and extra virgin olive oil, lots of that, and I tend to mix it with MCT oil. So a combination of extra virgin MCT, MCT, we can get into that as a ketogenic fat and some, like nuts are great, but I don't go too crazy with nuts, but a little bit of walnuts. So you have fatty fish, a little bit of leafy greens and a very fatty ketogenic dressing that's made, you know, with MCT and olive oil and herbs and things like that, with fit in well with a ketogenic diet. So you get mono-insaturated fats, right, and you're getting polyensaturated fats and MCTs, which are saturated, but go to a different, they do not disrupt the gut microbiome in ways that other types of fatty acids do. And that's the kind of nutrition that would be no effect on a continuous glucose monitor, and it would so your glycemic response would be like nothing, and your ketones would likely go up because of the macronutrient ratio, but also because of the MCTs that are better in it too. So that's a very normal kind of typical diet that I eat. So most of your greens are most of your carbohydrates are raw. If I do like, we do broccoli a lot in a sparragus, so I lightly steam it or cook it, but I don't make it to the point where it's like mushy. So I lightly steam vegetables, like cauliflower, broccoli, sparragus, and I always have a salad with my meal. And with the ketogenic diet, when you wear a continuous glucose monitor, you can observe that the order in which you eat your food will impact the glycemic response. And if you're attenuating the glycemic response by eating foods in a certain order, certain combination, it's also reducing the insulin. So you need to continually have a suppression of insulin insulin signaling to maintain a state of ketosis. So if you're in a state of fasting ketosis or on a ketogenic diet and you inject a little bit of insulin, you'll see your ketones go down. There'll be a delayed response. That's because that reduction in insulin plays a big role. When you increase insulin, it dramatically increases glycolysis, you know, translocation of the glut transporters to the membrane and things like that. So you could do that. Exogers ketones can actually increase insulin if it's too much. And we can talk about the different variations of that and why that could be problematic in some conditions. But you know, taking a big hit of protein, like drinking way protein, will kick you out of ketosis because you're going to get the insulin response from the central amino acids and branched amino acids too can increase that. So you could, so it's really important to incorporate fat and fiber within the oil, especially up front. Yeah, to attenuate any kind of insulin. And you learn these things as you go when there's a learning curve to the ketogenic diet and I found I went right into the classical ketogenic diet. I bought the book, you know, the ketogenic diet for pediatric epilepsy and now it's the ketogenic diet for epilepsy and other neurological disorders. Same author, Dr. Eric Hassoff, Dr. Mackenzie, Servenca from Johns Hopkins and the team there. And they advocate for a variety of different types of ketogenic diets and then adjusting it to the patient and there are circumstances to it's going to be important in the world of epilepsy. So we're talking. So it remains the only widely accepted application of the ketogenic diet. At this time is really epilepsy and metabolic disorders like glucose transporter type one deficiency syndrome, pdh deficiency and things like that. Interestingly, they're inborn and arisen metabolism that are contraindicated with a ketogenic diet. Like, you know, carnitine transferase activity, cpt1, you know, whether it be primary or secondary to. So it could be deadly. A ketogenic diet could potentially kill you if you have carnitine, you know, transferase deficiency. So that's a whole other topic we could. You bring up an interesting point with the contraindications because I'm interested in a few of those aspects. So for one, perhaps other genetic variants that maybe aren't as rare. So for example, you know, apoe for allele, which, you know, the core of the population has one of those alleles. Like how is it known how people with that. Polymorphism, respond, ketogenic diets and also you you mentioned, you know, briefly about people that sort of race into the ketogenic diet without any sort of carbohydrate, slowly carbohydrate restriction and how it can elevate some biomarkers like triglycerides. For example, I'd love to talk about like, what biomarkers do you think are good to monitor and to see if someone is favorably or unfavorably responding to a ketogenic diet. And at what point would you, like how many times did you, would you do it before you sort of give up and sort of modify the diet or change that maybe types of fat. You mentioned the types of fat or, you know, yeah, yeah. It's like that. Yeah, I think it's important. A lot of people jump into the ketogenic diet and, you know, just from a standard diet, it's important to test the water. If you're not using it for epilepsy or another disorder, you want to titrate the carbohydrates down and track and monitor along the way. Maybe do like cut your carbs in half or by two thirds or whatever. And then at the four or six week mark get blood work again and look at your glucose response check for hypoglycemia things like that. So, so apoe 4, you know, that's about one quarter, right, of the population. I get this question a lot and I don't think it's ideal, even the books on ketogenic diet say that it's an unnatural diet and it's not healthy and it's not sustainable. So, these are from the people who research the ketogenic diet who publish the most on the ketogenic diet, who are in the trenches, using this diet as a medical therapy for like known conditions that are responsive to the ketogenic diet. So, with that said, you know, dietary teams that manage patients for up to 10 years, 20 and even I had some correspondence with the team that are measuring people and cardiovascular parameters too, they're heart health for 30 years. So, in patients, for example, with important areas of metabolism, that need to be on a like a classical type ketogenic diet for like three decades. And they're still doing all their blood work looks great. So, I think that's a good example that the diet's not going to kill you. It would have done that a long time ago in these patients that are on like a 4-1 or 3-1 ketogenic diet. But I think it's important to when in the context of apoe 4, the high fat, extremely high fat is probably not ideal. And so, you want to take probably a more moderate approach and just restrict carbohydrates. I think it's really important to get lots of fiber, lots of fighter nutrients. We know the data on fiber is just really, really good. So, there's just no argument. People argue against fiber, but I think the data for fiber is really good for not just for the microbiome, for fighter nutrients. The micro nutrients, as you know, there's been a lack of appreciation for micro nutrients and ketogenic diets. And that has caused problems like salinium deficiency, which led to cardiovascular myopathy. And there's case reports where people have literally, I think one or two, or people have literally died from cardiovascular myopathy because of salinium deficiency associated with the ketogenic diet. So, you want to make sure you supplement appropriately. But you don't have to supplement if you formulate the ketogenic diet appropriately with the right type of foods, but it's not always possible. But for apoe and getting back to your apoe. So, a diet that's moderate and fat, moderate and protein and, and I think of carbohydrates is fiber. So, plant-based fiber, moderate protein, and then fats. The types of fats are important. So, mono-insaturated fatty acids, as opposed to long-chain, like saturated fats, medium-chain triglycerides are probably helpful. There is a study that was done using a product that is Coprylic triglyceride, which is MCT, at the time it was called AC-1202. By X-ARA, it was a product that was designed for Alzheimer's disease as an alternative energy substrate that would be given. And the results of the study showed that improvements in mild cognitive impairment were associated with ketones. So, there was a correlation with that, but they did not see the correlation people with apoe 4, which is kind of interesting. Although, I think a larger study probably would have shown a difference, but I think the take-home message is that a diet that's very, like super restrictive and high-end fats, probably not ideal for apoe 4 patients. And adding ketones in the form of exogenous ketones could probably be ideal. There was a case report by on a patient that I am familiar with, that familiar with with the wife of the patient that had passed away, but he was maintained on a ketogenic diet, and then later on ketone esters and exogenous ketones. And was did quite well in the diet for a long time, and it wasn't restrictive ketogenic diet, but he did much better with ketone supplementation, as it means to improve his cognition and different behavioral parameters too. So, I think that would probably be the better way to go. I'm very cautious and speculating and giving medical advice. I'm not a medical doctor. I am a professor and I'm professing that I think that a more moderate-style Mediterranean, like low-carb slash ketogenic diet with supplementation, the form of things like omega-3 fatty acids, MCT oils. The fatty acids comprising the diet should be more along the lines of monolinsaturated fats, and not so much heavy saturated fats, which in the context of apoe 4 is probably not a good thing to chronically maintain a state of ketosis with super high saturated fat. So, maybe more apocados, more of the nuts, and olive oil salmon, which is a good type of polyunsaturated fatty acid. I mean, that's the kind of diet that I was doing and we'll try again. We'll talk a little bit more about why I'm so interested in ketogenic diets. I don't have epilepsy and I'm certainly not someone that eats a standard American diet either, but there are so many interesting effects that being in a state of ketosis. And now having the ketone bodies elevated to me are very interesting and I think possibly beneficial for health span, for cognition and so. But with the supplemented ketones that you keep mentioning, like with respect to having a diet, you follow, which is more of the low glycemic index, one to one ratio with supplemented ketones. It's another really big area that's exploded over the past few years, and can you talk a little bit about for people that aren't familiar, like supplemental ketones, there's different types of supplemented ketones you mentioned. Yeah, ketone esters, salts, and then even MCT, oils or powders. So maybe we can kind of jump into that a little bit. Yeah, I think the question is, like, why would you even want to short-circuit the state, you know, why would you want to circumvent the dietary intervention that produces ketosis? I eat the ketogenic diet. Why would you want to circumvent that? I mean, the reasons are kind of obvious and and just throw ketones into the mix, like what's going to happen physiologically? I mean, there's a, there are people who are unwilling or unable to do the ketogenic diet, so that was the motivation behind developing and testing and ultimately publishing a number of, you know, articles and studies on exogenous ketones. And there are different formulations and not all types of the ketones or formulations of combinations are applicable to different disorders, right? I think some, some more, some conditions are more responsive to ketone esters, whereas some are more responsive to ketone salts or formulations of MCT ketones salts, right? So, in, when I first got into this research in 2008 or nine, I believe I contacted a number of people who remain to be icons in this field. So, Dr. Richard Veech, I like to always, you know, acknowledge him as being a pioneer in developing the rationale and developing ketone esters, you know, and the rationale for using them and writing a number of reviews that actually motivated me to pursue this path. Dr. Henri Brinninggrabber, George K. Hill, Dr. Theodore Van Italy, I mean, they're all sort of friends and collaborators and they published on this. So, I was really focused on the ketogenic diet, but when you're writing a grant, a federal grant, and you're trying to sell this approach as a means to, you know, reduce seizures or enhance more workfighter performance resilience and things like that, the high-fat diet is still look upon as something that is very negative. So, the question was, can you develop a ketogenic diet in a pill? And, essentially, that was sort of the path we took with ketone esters. And, so the ketogenic diet, it was my understanding that the body at the time, that you need to have adaptations over time, that would change your physiology, that would change your brain neuroformacology, that would then have it, you know, an anti-seizeur effect. And that happens. There are physiological, by changing your system, your system's physiology, your changing your brain neuroformacology, and your brain metabolism. So, your brain is switching from using glucose in pretty much only glucose to using glucose and ketones. It never switches completely off of glucose and ketone. So, the homiocytic mechanisms that maintain your blood glucose are very powerful, so your glucose pretty much stays normal, but insulin goes down, so that's the thing that we see. But, the ketogenic diet, the effects of the ketogenic diet are, and sorry, it's a long-winded version, but I want to kind of provide a framework. So, it was, you know, I was educated on the role of ketones as a metabolite, and also later as a signaling molecule, as a drug-like mediator of the ketogenic diet. So, we produce these endogenous metabolites, and they not only serve as alternative energy for the brain and the heart and other tissues, but then they have signaling effects that mediate many of the beneficial effects associated with being anestate at therapeutic ketosis. So, that's things like elevating a denson, activating various ketone receptors, GPR, 109A receptor, for example, anti-inflammatory pathways. I was really interested in the oxidative stress associated with high pressure oxygen, so we measured like superoxide anion production using a Thidium molecule, like the fluorescence, and showed that mitochondrial Ross production goes down with a beta hydroxybuterate and ketone molecules. So, there was all these things that were happening as a consequence of the hyper ketoneemia. So, undoubtedly there's things that happen with the ketogenic diet that are therapeutic and very beneficial that don't happen with exogenous ketones, but there's a lot of overlap. And then later, as we develop ketone esters and ketone salts and use MCTs, we saw that if we administered these things to animals that are not on a ketogenic diet, we saw remarkable anti-seasier effects, anti-cancer effects, we saw changing the brain neuropharmacology, meaning that the GABAurgic tone went up. So, GABA is made from glutamate via an enzyme called glutamic acid decarboxylase. So, we have glutamate is the most ubiquitous neurotransmitter in the system. And our body and we make, and that's an excitatory neurotransmitter that activates the amper receptors and NMD receptors, and an glutamate via the conversion to GABA through glutamic acid decarboxylase is a brain stabilizing calming neurotransmitter. And I've even measured my own neurotransmitters and showed that GABA is twice as higher than what would be expected. My GABA deglutamate ratio. Right, and animal models we see this too, we did an animal model of angel min syndrome, which is responsive to, we knew from case reports that the seizures could be silenced with the ketogenic diet. And we had an animal model of angel min syndrome, and we had ministered ketone ester with a standard diet and saw an increase in GABA and 65 and 67. And essentially an increase in GABA. And then that resulted in what we saw increase in learning memory, we saw, you know, anti-anxiety effects, and the increasing GABAurgic tone likely contributes to the anti-seasier effect of that. And many anti-seasier drugs like bi-gavitrin and other drugs work through GABA. So the ketogenic diet works through many different mechanisms in synergy and one of them is GABA. So we're sort of interested in it from that perspective. So you can replicate and mimic many of the effects that I'm interested in from a neurological perspective, never protective, with simply administering exogenous ketones to animals at least on a standard diet. And this has actually spawned many the preclinical animal model data was so compelling that it has inspired not from our lab from other investigators, you know, looking at this too. And it doesn't have clinical trials that are ongoing right now. If you just go to clinical trials.gov and Google and just type in ketone supplement, I think you get like 30 or 40 clinical trials that are looking at ketone supplements and just a few years ago there was none, right? So there's a lot of other people instead of us. Looking at this idea of, I guess you're going to call it a ketogenic diet in a drug, but I think of the exogenous ketones are calorie containing molecules that are essentially in some ways founded nature, some of them are some of them aren't. They do elevate a bio-identical ketone bodies in the blood and tissues. So in many ways they're not so much like a drug, but they are, it's like creatinine monohydrate, right? So you can take creatinous found in meat and found in other things and we can create, we can take exogenous creatinine has not only effect on skeletal muscle but on the brain. And I think we're getting an appreciation for creatinous, like a nitropic even. So I think I look at ketones as being kind of the next creatinine, but it's going to take a while for the research. I think there's like 700 or more trials or studies on creatinine showing the efficacy and the positive fact, whereas maybe there's maybe like 50 to 100 with ketones, but it's expanding very rapidly. So it's very nascent literature, but the nascent literature has spawned many other labs outside of our lab and labs that were doing it well before our lab. But I became so interested in this idea that I just changed my whole research direction away from drugs to look at diet and supplements. Sorry, that was long-winded. No, it's fantastic, so much information. You mentioned that in different contexts these different types of ketones supplements can have varying effects or be used for different things. If you're just looking at ketone, beta hydroxybutorate levels as a endpoint, what would be the difference in taking a ketone ester versus a ketone salt? How long would you see an increase in the beta hydroxybutorate levels? How transient? Is it side effects wise with these different, and the formulation as well? There's all kinds of formulation. Yeah. So you can get an elevation of ketones for one hour or six to eight hours, depending on the formulation and depending upon if you took the ketone supplement with an epistemic or taken it with food, or combined for example, a ketone ester with a ketone electrolyte salt. If you take ketone salts and you combine it with medium-chain triglycerides, the fat, delays, gastric absorption, and pushes the pharmacokinetic curve if you will to the right. This is important. You get a slower, a little bit slower elevation of blood ketones, and then you have a significant sustainment of hyper ketoneemia over time. The decrease in the spike, so a very rapid spike in ketones contributes to a release and insulin. So if you consume a ketone ester at a large dose on an epistemic, you have a very large increase in beta hydroxybutorate and a pseudo-astate to depending on the formulation. And it's that rate of change, the relative rate of change of metabolites, similar to like, if you have a very rapid relative spike in elucine, it's going to kick on skeletal muscle proteins synthesis. But if it's a gradual spike, maybe it won't kick on the metabolic machinery associated with skeletal muscle proteins. The rapid elevation of ketones can produce a counterregulatory effect, which is a release and insulin, and then that can shut down your own natural ketone production. So the way to go about doing it is to formulate something that causes a predictable, but gradual rise in ketones and sustains that for a period of time, and has a predictable decrease over time. So the way to do that simply is to take the way that I do it on a daily basis is beta hydroxybutorate. That's bound to electrolyte sodium that has sodium potassium, calcium magnesium in that formulation. So balance electrolytes more or less like the electrolyte supplements that are on the market. So element is one, I think maybe liquid IV or data reader, even these things. But the higher sodium, but you want to match it with some potassium, calcium magnesium. And then the electrolytes in of themselves will actually delay gastric absorption a little bit. So salt does that, and if you combine that with MCT too, that could delay it. But ketone salts, the salts can actually delay gastric absorption, so it's not so much of a rapid rise. If you take a beta hydroxybutorate ester, you have one, three-butane dial, typically is bound to beta hydroxybutorate when you consume that. The beta hydroxybutorate is quickly liberated, so it spikes your glucose, or your ketones up very high, but in regards to glucose, actually that comes down pretty low. So it gives me that question, why does glucose drop, so down into hypoglycemic ranges, with a single large dose, like 30 to 50 milliliters of like a pure ketone ester, so I don't like that, right? Yeah, so in the beginning, I thought it was insulin, and it is insulin, so the threshold for me at least, and I measure insulin quite often in response to this. And I find, if you take a ketone supplement and it boosts you 1 to 2 millimolar, like a delta, a change, and increase, then the elevation of insulin is almost imperceptible, according to like the assays that we're using. But if you were to consume a ketone ester and get up into the 3, 4, and 5 range, then that produces an elevation of insulin equivalent to eating, you know, drinking like two to 4 ounces of OJ, or like 10 grapes, or like a small orange, right? So for me, it goes from like 3 to 6 or 8 or 10, right, or insulin, my blood insulin levels. And it's equivalent to maybe eating about 30 or 40 grams of protein, so you would get that amount. Whereas if you consume, you know, keto start or another exogenous ketone supplement, and you consume it like 10 grams of BHB, pure BHB, and you get that elevation of about 1.5 millimolar. Is that a full packet of ketone start? Keto starts about, it's kind of like double, like almost like double dose in a way, so I usually do half a packet, and then just not drinking right now, right? Yeah, yep. So consuming a full packet, typically I get about 1.5 millimolar, so I feel the effect, but I've actually consumed two packets, and I start to get a bump in insulin, but one packet, no. And the bump in insulin is relatively small, probably because the mineral load is delaying, you know, the absorption into the system a little bit. So I think that's really important because we know like insulin suppression is also important for the anti seizure effect, so we think that a reduction in glycolysis is their part of the scenario of the anti seizure effect of the ketone diet because 2Doxyglupos has a pretty strong anti seizure effect, and that is being advocated and used clinically in some studies as the ketogenic diet and a drug. So a glycolytic inhibitor, 2Doxyglupos, so you consume this drug, and it's like 25 milligrams per kilogram, and if you go higher than that, then it becomes cardio toxic. So it's not an ideal approach, but it inhibits the glycolytic pathway in a way that sort of mimics effects of the ketogenic diet. And so when we increase insulin, insulin stimulates glycolysis, and I think that that could be a negative thing, and the context of maybe cancer, seizures, or other things were interested in therapeutically managing. So I view the ketogenic diet and exogenous ketones, and they're not mutually exclusive, but I actually think they're synergistically when they're, you know, when they're combined together. So if you follow a more liberal version of the ketogenic diet like a modified acinst diet or modified ketogenic diet or low glycine again next therapy, which is like a one to one ketogenic diet, and then supplement ketones on top of that, then I think what you have in my opinion is an optimized. ketogenic diet for lifestyle, but also, and it's needs to be, this needs to be studied and validated in clinical trials, but I think it would also be optimal for epilepsy for cancer, for managing type U diabetes, and also for weight loss. So the ketones have a satiating effect on the brain. So the ketones are alternative energy substrate, and when your brain is metabolizing ketones, and it actually experiences low glucose, it doesn't go into an energetic crisis. So it's not signaling that you need to eat, and I think that's really interesting. There have been cases where you could produce a hypoglycemic shock that would be fatal, otherwise fatal, but if your ketones are elevated, you're asymptomatic for hypoglycemia. So that's a remarkable example of the effects of ketones on preserving, maintaining, brain energy metabolism, and that has real world effects in the context of everyday living. And if you go on a diet, you inadvertently need to go into a calorie deficit. So calories do matter. For one thing, and you have to achieve and maintain a protracted calorie deficit to lose weight, and to some extent sustain that weight for a period of time, then you can go back to a more eucalyptic ketogenic diet. But that's, it will necessitate like low glucose low insulin, and you're going to get hungry. But if your ketones are elevated, that's where a ketone shine. They really shine in the context of calorie restriction, or an energy deficit, because you have a better fuel flow to the brain in that context. So if you're on a low calorie diet that's producing a state of hypoglycemia, but your ketones are not elevated, that's going to be a painful diet to adhere to and sustain. Right. What's the, not fun? No. It's funny. Like, I absolutely noticed that when I was doing my ketogenic diet, I was like I said I was doing a lot more intermittent fasting, and it was a lot easier to do. I'm going to do feel safe, I feel safe, but, and this kind of gets into another topic, and I did want to kind of ask you about the difference between, you mentioned the diester for ketoneesters, but there's also monoester, right? Is there a difference in terms of efficacy? If you're just looking, I mean if you're just kind of wanting to elevate your ketone levels, and again, it seems as though I prefer, like, I've done, I've tried all these different types of ketones supplements, and I personally am not a huge fan of the really quick spike, and then like, like to me it's kind of crashing because my glucose levels get so low, and then when the ketones were off, it's like where's my energy? So you have, yeah, hypoglycemia and hypoketoneemia, and you might also be kicking yourself out of ketosis. So it could be a dose thing, the one-three-butane diol beta hydroxybuterate monoester, that was developed by, in part, by Dr. Richard Veech, and that was one of the first ketoneesters that we actually, you know, I became interested in, and it did not have anti-seger effects. So I kind of, I didn't lose enthusiasm because I knew there was so many other molecules that could be developed. So what we worked on a couple of different molecules, and the next one was the diester, actually, first we had the monoester, one-three-butane diol, a cedulacitate monoester, had very strong anti-seger effects. And we could do more of a trans-estrification reaction, it's just more or less a stoichiometric reaction, where you just add more ketones, in this case, the cedulacitate, two-one-three-butane diol. So it's one-three-butane diol, which gets metabolized in the liver, completely, pretty much the beta hydroxybuterate. That molecule with a reaction we can add to a cedulacitate molecules, and both of these things, the monoester and the datate-snasty, they taste like gas. But they have very distinctly different effects, at least in the context of the anti-seger effects. So when we developed the ketone diester, and we used that in our animal model of tonic-lonic seizures, which was, in this case, a high pressure oxygen, but we then tested it in various other seizure models too. It had a very strong anti-seger-neurprotective effect. And then if we use one-three-butane diol or any other ketone, it didn't really have that profound anti-seger effect. So, what is there a chain difference in the GABA? That's an interesting theory, but one of the things that kind of stood out was the elevating acetylacitate seemed to be really important. And some of the animal model work, it was brought to my attention by people who had been studying this for longer than me. One of them was Dr. John Roe. He was looking at beta hydroxybutarate, and acetylacitate, and saying, you know, there's really good literature with acetylacitate and acetone too, having an anti-seger effect. So, the one-three-butane diol acetylacitate diester elevates beta hydroxybutarate, and acetylacitate more or less than a one-to-one ratio. So, we did blood work, and we, you know, we took, we measured blood, and we sent it out to mass spec, and there's, like, kind of like a nice, there's a quick spike up in acetylacitate, and beta hydroxybutarate from the one-three-butane diol, and that's happens over hours. And, and we had a 600% increase in the latency to seizure, which means that animals could go 600% longer, and we published that. And then later, we actually combined the ketone ester with MCT, and saw a little bit of a boost, you know, the MCT seemed to further elevate ketones, and extend the sustainment of ketosis. So, that has been the ester that we've focused mostly on, in our studies, but, at least initially, but then we started tinkering with the ketone salts, and putting ketone salts, and mixing that with MCT. So, ketone salts, alone, or mixed with MCT, seemed to have a lot of favorable effects on glycemic regulation, anti-inside effects. You know, they also have an anti-seager effect, maybe not as strong as the ketone esters, which are just more powerful on a program basis. But, but I personally would not, I have access to these things, and I would not want even if ketone esters tasted great, I would not be consuming them day in and day out. I don't, just for the same reasons, I don't think it's good to spike glucose throughout the day. I don't think it's really favorable to throw a lot of energy in the system in a way, especially if ketones get high, you do get a metabolic gastrodosis, that you can, we see pH drop in our animals, so we measure like, you know, our pH levels, and blood gases, and things like that, and we see that the pH level will drop typically when the ketones get above about 3 millimolar. So that's probably not a good thing. So I'm of the opinion personally and experimentally by, you know, in the idea of keeping exogenous ketones within like, an elevation of 1 to 3 millimolar, I think it's pretty optimal, unless you're managing like a very serious form of epilepsy, or you have glucose transporter type 1 deficiency syndrome or some other important error metabolism, where having higher ketones can be favorable because you have a decrease in other metabolic pathways or transporters, like in the case of glucose transporters, the deficiency. It sounds like though, you know, so for my own personal anecdote, when I was trying the ketone esters, you know, at first it was like, oh, maybe more is better. I think it, you know, at least above 3 millimolar, and I was, you know, I got like 3.5 with consuming about 30 mills of, I believe, the 1, 3, but that monosterone. Yeah, that formulation. And, and it's like, like I said, you know, 30 mills, that's a lot. So, you know, there's people that might be doing that, like, every couple of hours even, it sounds like that could potentially be a dangerous thing to do, especially if they're getting in that range where there could be a pH change, and if they're not measuring it, you know, no one's going to know. So, yeah, it's something, I don't think we know, and I think it's like, if you have like type 2 diabetes, if you have Alzheimer's disease, you know, cancer, I think it's better to spread out the dose too. So, I think, from my perspective, I'd rather take something that's also delivering electrolytes that my body can use, and also that tastes good, and the 1, 3, butane dial is also a consideration, right, because the liver has to work harder. So, it uses the alcohol, the hydrogenase pathway, and I noticed, you know, playing around with these things over time, just 1, 3, butane dial, which is the ketone disorders. By consume that at a certain dose for two weeks, and then get blood work, my liver enzymes are elevated. They're still within normal range, but they creep up into that upper range of normal, consuming, for example, like 1 gram per kilogram per day. But that's the amount that's needed to sustain hyper ketoneemia equivalent to a ketone diet. You know, so I noticed, I feel intuitively that it's probably better to take a more natural form of ketones, where it's just ionically bound to a monovalent or divalent canine, like electrolytes, which are body tend to deplete anyway, when you're on a state of ketosis. So, I use the product element elementy, but once we got the ketone formulation, kind of figured out, you can deliver the same electrolytes that are bound to ketones. So, I think it's a good adjuvant or good supplement to add to a low carb diet, do you keep doing that? How often do you, is this a daily electrolyte sort of supplemental thing that's? When I just use maybe like a small dose in the morning, and I can line it with like creatinine, acetylalcarnatine, and a couple other like toreine. There's some supplements that I think are really beneficial with the ketone diet. They can help boost ketosis, and then when you're on a ketone diet, or oxidizing so much fat, you tend to be deficient in carnitine. And we see this like in kids that are on. So, I think carnitines like really important. The selenium, some studies may show up that that's really important, but I think that's more of the type of foods that you're consuming. I mean, a standard multivitamin too, also would be. Yeah, multivitamin. But I think you can get a lot of nutrition from, you know, I tend to get a lot of eggs and sardines and fish and oysters and things like that, that are very rich. And some things that may be depleted in other people, at least clinically. So, I take a little bit of ketone salts in the morning, and then later in the day like midday, as it picked me up, like I'll do the other two thirds of a packet, you know, and I feel it. Any other supplements that you take or that you know, I think are? Yeah, well, I take, you know, from listening to you a lot, the Omega 3's DHA EPA carnitine because that's really important kind of aspect. If I, if I wasn't taking ketone salts, I would be taking more electrolytes, but I take magnesium. I'm a 3 and 8, and also biooptimizers makes a magnesium breakthrough product, which is like magnesium in like five different forms or six different forms. So, I've measured my blood levels of magnesium and it goes up pretty high. And I take a vitamin D, which was actually low, even though I get tons of sun, and I was supplementing 4 to 8,000 I use a day, and I got blood test done, and I was on the lower end of normal, which was really confusing. So I got another blood test that also that confirmed the other blood test that I was on the lower end of normal. So I got prescription vitamin D, which is vitamin D 2. But then I ran out of that, and I was using another vitamin D supplement from another maker. I think it was mind-body green. I was supplementing with that, and then got another vitamin D test after, and I stayed elevated in the upper range of normal. So maybe I was using a well known vitamin D formulation, that was like from Walgreens or CBS, and it was taking an 8,000 I use a day, and I was still in a low end of normal, even though I'm getting a lot of sun exposure. So this was really probably one of the most weirdest things. Could have been a polymorphism or... Thinking about it. Because there are polymorphisms that some people require, in some cases, 2 to 3 times normal dose to actually just bring you up to like a normal level, like 30 to 48 nanograms per mill. But the other would be that there's been a variety of studies now over the year showing. If you just randomly take different vitamin D supplements off the shelves, like Walgreens, you know, grocery stores. The actual concentration of vitamin D 3 in each supplement varies so widely that you'll often get a supplement that says it's, you know, 4,000 IU, but it's more like 400. I am. And it's really a big problem, honestly. So it is good to find some go-to-reliable brands. Maybe third party sites have tested the concentration of the vitamin D 3. I know Labdore does one and then consumer lab, they actually go around and test the actual concentration of whatever active ingredient in this case vitamin D 3 in a variety of pretty, you know, readily available supplements. So that could be that could have been in as well. Yeah. It really shocked me because I mean, I am out, we're in Florida, I'm outside, you know, working on the farm, shirt off a lot. And I double dose on I'm pushing like the upper limit, I thought vitamin D supplements. And you're getting, you have enough magnesium obviously because these are important. Get a ton. Now have you done a genetic test? Yeah, I did 23 in me, like back in 2010. So I have all the raw data and I haven't put it into it. Right, right, right. Because we do a lot of the vitamin D 3 SNPs, there's a lot of why it a few. And you know, there's several that affect your ability to convert. So there's several steps in vitamin D 3 metabolism. But to convert vitamin D 3, it was vitamin D 3. Yeah, vitamin D 3 can be converted into 25 hydroxy vitamin D, which is what is the major circulating form, which is what you're getting measured, you're getting a blood test, there's SNPs that affect that. So and I've had several friends and I've seen, you know, looked at the data, but I've had several friends that have had to take, like, 30,000 and it's a dead because they have a SNP. And well, D 2 and explain to me why prescription is D 2. I don't know where it is and to be honest. I have my daughter, Terriblely. I'm not terribly thrilled, maybe it's a cost thing because they're getting it from like, like, like, mushrooms or something. Yeah, yeah. But I know there's been a couple of studies over the years and it's really, I don't quite understand, like, the mechanism and I don't know if it's known or how much has been studied. But there was some preliminary data and having checked back, I don't know how much of this has been confirmed. But we're vitamin D 2. Supplementsation with vitamin D 2 seem to inhibit some of the effects of vitamin D, vitamin D in muscle. You know, so I was kind of like, oh, that's kind of concerning. And I know a lot of vegetarians like to take vitamin D 2 because they want something that's plant based, but you can actually get vitamin D 3 from like in the, oh, really. Yeah, they produce vitamin D 3. Yeah, like stuff that grows on dry skin. You can eat it, you can eat it, you can eat it, you can eat it, you can eat it, you can eat it. So, so there are, there are companies that like, kind of thorn makes one, a vitamin D 3 for, for vegetarians and stuff from, like, and so, but in skin wise, though, if you have more olive skin or, so I form keeloy, it's like this was a big, if I get a cut, I form keeloy, it's like African-Americans do with dark skin. So, I was thinking that there's something, you know, biochemically in my skin, although I don't have, like, an overproduction of melanin, but I have aspects of that of having darker skin, especially like informing keeloy. So, I'm thinking there's something my skin and not synthesizing it. That's interesting. I mean, I tan it if I'm outside, I mean, it's winter now, but usually, yeah, usually, pretty dark off. But, yeah, to have, like, to supplement and double the amount of dose that's recommended, and to be outside all the time and to have low levels, like, I got the call and said, yeah, we need to get you in a vitamin D supplement. I was like, no, it's not right, we're going to another, and I got it, and it was, like, low it, like, super, like, right at the cut off. But I did take 50,000 I use of vitamin D 2, is a prescription, and three or four weeks of that. You just take one per week, I was on the upper range of noinel slightly above. Then I stopped and it went back down the normal, but I was supplementing, I changed to a different brand. And yeah, and you've been able to maintain levels. Yeah. What does you take? I think it's like, back to 5,000, yeah, 5,000 I used, yeah. Maybe it was, maybe it was the, yeah, look at, look at your SNAPS, that would be, like, my, my first SNAPS. But then, it, I absolutely could be the, the actual supplement brand. And is there anything acutely or chronically that you could have that would use, would deplete vitamin D? So that was another thing, I, I researched it, but it really couldn't find to my figure you would know. I mean, there's, there's some evidence that, like, you know, being in a state of, like, inflammation and, you know, like illness, like, what you're not. I H O C R P is, like, usually non-detectable, or is your point one, and everything else, you know, that micro nutrient status is really good. Yeah, it's, it's, I think it's mostly comes down to the metabolism of it, like, forming vitamin, but the 25th hydroxy vitamin D3, and then also the brand of supplement. And then there's another thing about doing, like, a weekly dose versus daily. Again, if you are getting, if you're doing a weekly dose, that's really, really high. So, you're doing, like, 20,000, 50,000 IU a week. You're much less likely to have that huge variation in the concentration of the vitamin D supplement, like, a heart or something. And it seems to be absorbed a little bit better, too. So, but I don't know how much, you know, how negligible that is in terms of what you're experiencing. I would say the SNPs is probably, yeah, the big elephant in the room. So, super interesting, but I'm going to get back to, so, so, we're talking about, we're talking about the C to acetate, and beta hydroxybuterate. I was interested in, you kind of already sort of answered some of that question. If there's varying effects of these two, I'm calling them ketones. I think, it's to acetate's a ketone technically. And beta hydroxybuterate's ketone body, and like, it has much, but, um, anti-seizure. So, that's one. You see, to acetate seems to be really, really, really important for that. Are there any other known differences? Different things, defects. Yeah, they're, yeah. Yeah. There are. Yeah. Well, we know, like, beta hydroxybuterate has epigenetic effects, as far as activating, you know, histone deacetylase inhibition, and also there's something called beta hydroxybuterolation, somewhat, to lack. So, beta hydroxybuterate can directly interact with the histone to cause epigenetic modifications, and it has become the theme of my PhD students dissertation to look at Kabuki syndrome, which is a rare genetic disease, where the ketogenic diet, in the lab of ponds, Bajorancin, Johns Hopkins, demonstrated that the ketogenic diet silenced these, uh, neurological abnormalities associated with this Kabuki syndrome, which is a rare genetic disorder in cause of seizures too. So, we want to see if we can recapitulate this with ketone therapy, using ketones as, in, uh, in metabolite to alter epigenetic effects. And so, we have those studies going on right now. So, there's ketone induced epigenetic effects specific to beta hydroxybuterate, maybe a cilacitate, but we don't know. A cilacitate, on the other hand, has effects, at least, in muscular dystrophy, it, in regards to increasing, skeletal muscle regeneration. And it does it through an ERC, MEC, cycling D, I think, mechanism. So, it's a very unique mechanism that was kind of new to me, but a pretty good publication came out using, uh, showing that cilacitate stimulates, so beta hydroxybuterate, I was going to go down the path, and the cilacitate too, maybe have the anti-catabolic effects. Talk about that. Yeah. So, uh, the, the research that we've done uses an ester that elevates both of them, and shown that it works in a model of kkexion. And we know that cilacitate has an enhancement, as I said, proliferation or muscle regeneration, and beta hydroxybuterate as a fuel, undoubtedly, has anti-catabolic effects. And we know that when we administer, even in human studies, if we IV administer, beta hydroxybuterate, there's a decrease, a sharp decrease in alinean, and also a preservation of branch gene in the last, it's like losing, is elevated, and it prevents a drop. So, alinean's, like, your main gluconeogenic, uh, amino acid that is liberated under conditions of stress, uh, high cortisol, high gluconeogenesis, gluconeogenesis, gluconeogenesis, like that. We are going to liberate alinean as a gluconeogenic amino acid, it goes to the liver, we make glucose, and elevating ketone seems to reduce that. And that could be, that could play into the anti-catabolic effects. What are your thoughts on, I'm interested in your thoughts on the anti-catabolic effects of ketones in a various context? I mean, I guess in human development, or even, you know, with respect to humans, I have different lifestyle, so for example, people that are physically active, more young, athletic, um, versus people that are older and are battling starcopenia, you know, versus people that are just sedentary. I mean, everyone has, they have different protein requirements, you know, between these groups, but, um, you know, how, how can ketogenic diets, or perhaps supplementing with ketone, supplements, sort of, can they have an effect on muscle mass, in some way? I think so, and I think skeletal muscle mass, and maybe a little bit biased, because there've always been super-instined strength training and weightlifting and things like that. But muscle mass is probably the most important factor for healthy aging, and focusing on building as much muscle as possible. I think it's super important and preserving that muscle at the time. So ketogenic diets are probably not optimal for adding as much size and strength as possible, right? But I do think they are important for preserving muscle while improving metabolic parameters, like lysine, hyper-insoline, and everything like that. So I do think they're the ideal strategy in the context of a calorie deficit to preserve muscle under that sort of condition, right? So, um, and it does it by a number of different pathways. So I think the elevation of ketones, one of the functions, to prevent muscle loss during periods of fasting, right? So with limited glucose availability, or limited food availability, we start liberating fatty acids for fuel, and then the body makes ketones, and then the ketones provide energy flow to the brain, which has very high demands for glucose. So if we didn't produce ketones, we would liberate a lot of alony in another gluconeogenic amino acids from skeletal muscle, and we would quickly waste away and die. The fact that we're able to make ketones from fatty acids as a water soluble fat molecule that could cross the blood, brain barrier, that actually becomes our safeguard to catabolic processes that would allow us to cause us to waste away, right? So in the context of, and we are sort of wasting away in the context of a weight loss diet, or in the context of intermittent fasting. So then the ketones come into play when we're in a calorie deficit, like I said, but also when we're doing a time-restricted feeding, I think the ketones provide an anti-counterball effect. But from our perspective, we're super-insteading ketones, preventing age-related sarcopenia, skeletal muscle wasting associated with cancer cacaxia. I think that's important. And they're doing it, I think, not only providing in the context of a disease phenotype, or a chronic aging phenotype, the alternative energy function is there, but the anti-inflammatory effects, I think. So with cacaxia, for example, you have high elevation of like IL and beta, TNF alpha, which used to be called cacaxia and I think, as inflammatory media. So the ketones then work through anti-inflammatory pathways that can mitigate the inflammation-induced muscle wasting. So we did study with Leipopolis Acreite, LPS. So LPS causes massive muscle wasting and sarcopenia, root time, and in that model too, the ketones are protected in some ways, by inhibiting some of the anti-inflammatory, inhibiting the inflammatory effects of LPS. Do you think that people that aren't, for example, in a constant state of ketosis, because they're on a ketogenic diet, but perhaps they would like to take a supplement, ketones salt. You think that's something that, like, is it like the chronic elevation or the constant constituent elevation of these ketones that's important, or, you know, are little bumps throughout the day? Yeah, it's a good question. So I get that a lot, and I think chronic ketosis is probably not natural or not ideal for most people, unless you're managing a chronic disorder that's responsive to chronic ketosis, like epilepsy and other metabolic disorders. But I'm a big believer in relative changes, so even with intermittent fasting, like, I think I'm fasting today, maybe I just had some ketones supplements, but like yesterday I did. So I only do intermittent fasting probably two, maybe three times a week at the most, because if I did it every day, I feel that I lose some of the benefits of it, also lose too much weight, like I can't get enough calories and end up eating too many calories at the end of the day. So the body works good, you know, relative changes are really good to the body, so you get a lot more benefit, I personally get a lot more benefits doing intermittent fasting if I use it more intermittently, you know, right, I feel the benefits a little bit more. So I think the same is true with ketosis, and I think Dr. Valtre Longo has a great idea this idea that I actually gave it a lot of thought, so it was good to see that he came out, you know, with this idea of the fasting mimicking diet being implemented for just a one week or five day period, right, per month. And that can have long lasting metabolic benefits, even throughout, you know, weeks, even a month or more after you do that, as far as resetting insulin sensitivity and improving different metabolic biomarkers. So I think chronic ketosis is probably not ideal for most situations unless you're doing, you're trying to get your insulin manage, trying to lose weight and maintain that weight loss over time, and you've had difficulty doing it with other types of diets. But I think there's so many different factors that need to come into play when you're choosing to do it, see the journey diet, including monitoring. People really need to track nutrients, track calories, some people put, you know, they eat a ketogenic diet, but they put the same amount of food on the plate, and the color density of the ketogenic diet is like 50% higher, so you can't eat. So typically, you know, we have auto feedback mechanisms that will tell us when we're associated with full, but for some people they don't work well. So they do need to count calories and macaroni trance and track, at least initially so they have some idea of how many calories we're eating. I know until I started tracking calories, I had no idea how many calories I was eating. So I thought it was eating more like 3,000, but more like 4,000, 4,200, or 300, or 300 days. I want to talk about the cyclical ketogenic diets, but before I go there, since we're talking about muscle and the anticholic metabolic effects of ketones on muscle, I'm also interested in exercise performance as well. Anorobic exercise versus aerobic exercise, if you are either on a ketogenic diet or doing some sort of modified or cyclical form a bit, whatever it is versus supplementation as well, you know, how being in ketosis affects aerobic versus anaerobic exercise. So I'm going to get asked that question more than any other question I think. So in animal models when you put them on a ketogenic diet, and I think one of the first studies we did published at the Alzheimer's Institute at USF, the Bird Alzheimer's. We didn't see a big robust effect on amalgamatea in town, but we started the intervention after the pathology kicks in in these mouse models, double and triple knockouts. So I think Dr. Veech and Dr. Matson, Mark Matson, maybe they did a ketone ester or started earlier in the ketogenic intervention. So in our study, we didn't see any major changes in town or amalgamatea, but the mice ran faster. They ran like 30% longer and faster on the treadmill, and it was remarkable. One of the PIs on the project, very experienced Alzheimer's researchers like, yeah, we've never seen anything like this. So that was an MCT supplemented ketogenic diet, but we also we've done some research with ketone ester. So performance, you know, animal models, we see it in humans, the data is messy and it's hard to make sense of it. My general opinion, my speculation is that ketones probably have a small effect on exercise performance in the context of aerobic performance. And in regards to strength performance, my ideas have that about that have been changing over the last couple of weeks because we're giving ketones supplements to some CrossFit athletes and they're breaking PRs. But I think it could be potentially a placebo effect, but since everyone excluding one person out of dozens of people, I think there is maybe something more. But I think ketones with the caffeine, especially ketones also with caffeine, are a pretty powerful, organic aid. So I would loosely say that that's probably a performance enhancing supplement, the combination of ketones, caffeine and electrolytes. But I think where ketone shine is using exogenous ketones as a means to preserve performance resilience in extreme environments. So that's in the context of hyperoxia. So that's what I study. So of course when you're not having a seizure and your neurological function is maintained and preserved in the context of extreme hyperoxia, like three or four or five atmospheres of oxygen, high pressure oxygen, that's going to be advantageous. But on the other end of the spectrum is hypoxia, right? So a lot of people who are mountain climbing, running, cycling at hypoxia, we know if we put athletes on a treadmill or bike in a hypoxic environment and give them glucose that the performance enhancing effects of glucose are not observed in hypoxia, which is kind of, you know, interesting. Whereas it's also shown that there may be an inhibition under hypoxic environments of pyruvate dehydrogenase. So there might be some pdh deficiency or some snag or bottleneck in metabolic pathway associated with glycolidic energy production under hypoxia. And you would think that hypoxia, you know, chronically it activates like hyphuan alpha and you have increasingly palysis and transporters and things like that. But in the context of, you know, exercise performance under hypoxia, carbohydrate supplements don't seem to help. Whereas there seems to be, and it was brought to my attention in a couple of reviews and also serving on grant committees and stuff like that, there seems to be a good rationale for the use of ketones for fueling performance in a hypoxic environment. And that could be very strategic and beneficial in like a military setting or like a space, you know, setting or altitude, you know, setting. So my general feeling is that ketones have a small effect at increasing athletic performance. So there's only a few things that actually are powerful, organic aids. So we have caffeine. We have creatine, monohydrate, typically there's other forms of creatine, you know, beta-aligning kind of works pretty good. So, and a few other odds and ends, but you know, there's just a pretty short list of organic supplements out there. I do think that with time as we understand dosing and the application of specific types of ketones and certain settings that ketones will be added to that list. But I'm not sure it'll be in the top tier list, but I do think it would be in the top tier list under extreme environments. What about swimmers or surfers? Yeah, I think being in a state of ketones could be beneficial from the context of like brain injury, inflammation, and maybe just, you know, the stress of being out, you know, in certain extreme environments, or when we're exercising too, we're overproducing oxygen for your health. We're using oxygen for your radicals and these in part and adaptive response to the muscle too, so there could be a benefit to increase oxidative stress. But I think the ketones, I think the real benefit of ketones are not, I'm talking about this in their response and I think your question is in the response to an acute setting. Like consume ketones, go exercise, you have a certain sort of organic ketogenic diet, yeah. So where I think exogenous ketones help will help, and when I was talking that they would be added to the short list of organic aids is use chronically in as an adaptive response. So when we exercise a lot of bad things happen, if we pull blood, you know, there's inflammation or active oxygen speech, things like that. If we use exogenous ketones chronically over time, I think it will help to facilitate the adaptive response to exercise over time. So suppressing inflammation or chronic inflammation, which would sort of enhance or augment adaptive responses to exercise over time. I think there's a good rationale for that, but the science is not there yet, but science is being done now. So like rodent studies are being done, I'm aware of a couple of human podbiltrials that are studying this. So what about like maximum, like doing a maximum effort, like you're doing some kind of sprint, you know, because you do need, you're going into a state where you're mitochondria or can work hard enough to produce energy, you need glucose, right? And if you're taking, if you take one of those big boluses of ketoneaster, drop your glucose, what's that going to do for your, for your sprinting. That's, that's a good point. So one of the criticisms of the ketogenic diet was that in inhibits the pyruvate dehydrogenase complex. Whenever we're doing carbohydrate restriction, we're limiting glucose availability, but also lowering insulin. And by lowering insulin, especially that inhibits glycolic enzymes, like hexachinies, it also, like the glucose, the, the, the transporter for glucose gets internalized into the cell, if, like, so you don't, you know, the glycolic flux is essentially decreased. But I think if you follow a ketogenic diet where you intermittently add small amounts of carbohydrates in, you can keep that pdh from being reduced. So there's, you know, I think I've seen data to indicate that severe carbohydrate restriction could decrease the production and the activity of pdh. This is actually what happens with Alzheimer's disease too. So with Alzheimer's disease, it's pathophysiologically linked to impaired glucose metabolism. So if you do an FDG pet scan, the pet scan shows glucose hypomotabolism in the brain scan. So alternative ketones, as an alternative energy substrate, makes sense. In the context of, you know, athletes, you're kind of doing that with chronic ketosis. It decreases the glycolic pathway, but your muscles and your heart and other tissues actually use fatty acids for a source of energy. The brain not so much, right? So, and also when you're on a ketogenic diet, then your feeding ketones to the brain. So the brain's kind of like a different story. But I do think that it gets over blown. I think, you know, very severe carbohydrate restriction will decrease pdh, and then that will impair exercise. So, you know, it's a very rare exercise performance with maximum exertion and aerobic. But I think that it's really important that if you do a low carbohydrate that you have to train under those conditions. You know what I mean? So you have to, you can't implement a ketogenic diet or low carb and then train and expect to maintain the same performance. You have to put your body into that state of ketosis and then train very hard to induce those adaptations. So, it's possible for your body to perform and maintain your performance in the context of insulin suppression and low glucose availability. So those adaptive processes will then come to benefit you, come game time or performance time, where you can then titrate the carbohydrates back in in small amounts. So this is just called metabolic flexibility, right? So train low when your glucose is low in your insulin's low in a semi-facid state. And that will induce metabolic adaptations, I mean metabolic flexibility that will then benefit you in the context of the actual event where you can add and titrate carbohydrates back in or mix fuels. So you want to be able to optimally use glucose fatty acids, beta hydroxybutary ketom bodies lactate to which is an important fuel. One of the things that I used to take when I was mountain biking was cytomax, which is alpha-elipolylactane, which is like lactate as an energy zone. And my original interest in academia as a post-doctoral fellow was actually using lactate for brain injury, like stroke and hypoxia. And I was tinkering around with a hippocample brain-sliced preparation doing different measurements on that. And somehow I just got steered towards ketones, but I always wanted to revisit the lactate thing because yeah, I think there's a lot that can be done in formulating more of a comprehensive, multi-fuel delivery system for the brain. And lactates been a bit underappreciated and kind of stigmatized and criticized, but I think it's got a lot of potential. Yeah, really good info. I've been reading some meta analyses over the years about training in a fasted state versus fed state and how you know if you eat before you know you go for a run or something that you know a lot of the mitochondrial adaptations can be blended. And of course a lot of those studies are using high refined carbohydrate like some toast with jam. You know where and I've always wondered like you know what and there is like sort of a cut off where if you're training in a fasted state for longer than an hour you're going to have performance drop off right. But I've often wondered if these studies were done using a more modified adkins diet or some form of a ketogenic diet. Those adaptation mitochondrial adaptations that are being blended somewhat with you know high refined carbohydrate fuel intake prior to exercise. I wonder maybe that wouldn't happen. Yeah, I think it comes down to like nutrient sensing right I mean it's the whole thing going back to autophagy and like you know and just entering a state of ketosis that if we're in a state where like amp kinases high like emtores low you know. insulin is low that that whole pathway is low when you exercise in that state it may not optimize performance but it will optimize the adaptations that could serve you later on for performance. And then when it comes time to you might want to train sort of in a fasted state to induce adaptations and then tinker around with different fuel sources periodically to see if you could further augment your performance. You know, but I think I think we need to that that's why we need to really periodize our training under certain contours you know training to force adaptations and then there's sort of game day nutrition which is going to be a little bit different than training nutrition if we want to force out of you know if we want to maximize our performance. So but one thing you don't want to do is actually radically switch your dietary approach or supplement approach just prior to you know you don't want to train for an event and be like oh I want to start slamming you know MCT's and ketoneesters and stuff on game day know you want to experiment with it very methodically you know before you do that but I do believe that the health benefits are really important when it comes to exercise. You know and then not only to help benefits but I think you're going to get more adaptation in regard to maybe not so much for power lifting and strength training and things like that but I think for a rovac performance and just cardiovascular benefits and just actually benefiting at the level of the skeletal muscle and the nervous system to benefits. So speaking of the nervous system this is this is one area where I in my opinion ketosis ketogenic diets really shine and I'm really what what has thoroughly convinced me is you know just overwhelming evidence that you've talked about with. The effects on the brain and epilepsy and other types of brain disorders but also some of the preclinical studies that have come out of our mutual friend Dr. Eric for it in and I know John Ramsey also did some publications where they fed mice. In the case of Dr. Verdun study mid mid life they started I'm on a cyclical can it ketogenic diet and I'd love to get your idea thoughts on why. He said the reason it was because the mice were over-edying which I found to be interesting because I've always been satiated on a ketogenic diet but anyways. A lot of new on-series can do that but also the thing that was so striking and you know much more about the details of these studies and I do but the effects I mean their their health span was improved their median so their median lifespan was improved so they were dying they were dying less earlier but. The maximum life span I guess wasn't affected but the effects on the brain and cognition like you said you know that these the older mice had better cognition than younger mice and when he said that I'm like. You know like that's really. So things are magnified in rodents so I'll say as far in. Yes my question is do you think this is going to translate. Rodent model studies are in very very informative especially mechanistically not always predictive there are some of the nuances that. There's different strains of rodents that will overeat ketogenic diets and some like early studies before. Some of some colleagues were feeding it and said this is not going to work they're hoarding the food they're eating they're getting blown up there's like this is obeseogenic you know. So the high fat you know there's a question there's a lot of high fat diet research that. Just tractors of ketogenic diet will point to and say this diet is you know cause all these bad things but that's a westernized obesity. So what doctor verdine use in ramsy. So they did actually the study that I really wanted to do and they probably did it better than I could ever do they have really great molecular tools and everything and they did it in a very clever way. And I kind of from my understanding they did and the results were to be expected you know I think the results are what I would expect. So my understanding is that they did the cyclic ketogenic diet because yeah they didn't want them to gain weight which couldn't get. So I have to look to see what animal model they use but the C57 black six mice will a ton of the ketogenic diet food and they don't gain weight. Whereas other depending upon the strain and then we have the VM decay mice that we use for our cancer research and they tend to it correct their eating behavior meaning that if you're not going to eat it. If you give them the standard diet, add libidum they just gain weight like a couch potato but a ketogenic diet they will lose weight and everything improves. So they're like the other and the C57 black six are kind of like athlete mice I think were the other models are more like sedentary mice or not as as active. But what we found I have to look exactly at the feeding protocol but when we did a little bit of calorie restriction our calorie restriction is just putting. You know five or six grams of food into it every day and then they eat it within an hour and then they essentially fast for 23 hours and then eat it again. But you have to individually house the animals and then sometimes if you house them together they'll start like fighting and eating each other because they're kind of hungry. But one thing that we saw very consistently early on is that I'm mild amount of calorie restriction makes these mice like super mice like they become you know they're thinking faster they are really thriving in the context of a calorie deficit. And I think that goes back to human evolution too so we survive today because we end out of the experience food scarcity and limited food availability and in the context of being hungry. That enhanced our cognition and even exercise performance to be able to acquire resources right. So the same thing I think is happening in their mice and it could be I have to look at the weights of the mice but a lot of it's kind of like weight dependent and producing that energy deficit. But you just get a whole plethora of things happen in regards to suppressing age related chronic diseases with just a little bit of dietary restriction seems to unmasst this. Probably because with a standard rodent child fed ad libidum they over eat and it just basically fuels metabolic derangement that contributes to early onset age related chronic diseases and also the formation of spontaneous tumors. And I think in their studies maybe both or at least one maybe both studies showed a suppression of spontaneous tumors too so this has major implications I think. We're very interested in actually taking animal models that have inducible tumors for example. You know various genes that will kick on at 200 days and then form spontaneous tumors or a melanoma model where you subject to UV radiation. And if they're fed a cute giant can you suppress that people don't do these studies because the NIH doesn't really fund like cancer prevention research. But I feel like these are the most important studies that need to be done you put a wide you put a variety of different. And so the rodent strains under different conditions that are known to like induce tumors and you feed them you know a low carb diet or ketogenic diet that you could actually feasibly maintain and do. And you see if you could suppress these spontaneous tumors but that's what they did in this experiment and they showed like you said enhancement of cognitive and learning ability. Related the older mice learned better than the younger mice. I know in John Ramsey's in publication Dr. Verdun mentioned also in the podcast when we had him on a few years ago that they they had a diet a time-shrug defeating aspect to it because they were feeding the animals. Proportion so very specific proportions they were and they were only you know. They were only given their food at you know when the when the people the scientists were going there and to the house and given the food so they had this sort of dietary restriction component to it. Whereas Verdun's they were ad libidum that they were going on and they were cyclic they're going on the cyclic ketogenic diet. And Ramsey's data was more pronounced like you mentioned the combination of the dietary restriction plus ketogenic diet seems to be like secret sauce in a way. But you know to me it was and again like you said it's you know the animal you know wrote in research isn't necessarily predictive of what's going to be you know occurring in humans. But certainly is promising in my opinion and it's got me very interested in it and you know I've got an urge to general diseases and on both sides of my family Parkinson's and Alzheimer's. So I'm very interested in you know any types of life and I also have genetic factors there I play as well. So I'm certainly very interested in any sort of lifestyle factors that can mitigate that genetic risk which as we know that many things that you can do in the lifestyle that can help. But this doing a some sort of modified ketogenic diet cyclical maybe you know because it is for me hard to sustainably do it all the time you know. That's random it fast and kind of comes into because people don't have to tinker around with the I mean the foods that we are super important just like limiting process sugar. Carves things like that that's going to move the needle like quite a bit but there are some people that I know like family member and they there are just some people who are not going to count carbs even. To do that you know there's just not going to happen but so but eating within a predetermined time window is pretty easy for that's like a good introduction and I think if once you start doing that then you start realizing how good you feel in the smile is dedicated to us. And then you start maybe that becomes the entry point to where you start manipulating your food and your macros and things like that. So happen with those totally. Yeah, yeah. In that very order I mean I practice a lot of time or sugar eating and search the notice in the morning was in stuff it was like. I'm just so much sharper and my anxiety was a little bit lower you know believe it or not while I was not eating. And so I decided to experiment with the ketogenic diet and while I did do it as you mentioned earlier in this podcast. One of the most pronounced thing I noticed and this is totally subjective was my anxiety level was so much lower and I mean very noticeably I'm somewhat of an I mean I've got some anxiety you know that can kind of kick in and. And I performers are like that though so that's like pretty much a stage of personality. Yeah sure and then you you leverage that into productivity. Yeah, yeah, but I did I felt like it was it was very noticeable for me and with the anxiety and then you know it's like that feeds into it. What's affecting anxiety what else in the brain is it affecting you know cognition wise you know if you're anxious it does sort of limit cognition in a way it can kind of like you know distract you and. And you did this back like in grad school you started doing this I started doing it like before big talks I would. And then I think I got into my postdoc and I started tinkering with intermittent fasting first and just carve I was like wow this is how I feel. You know, especially when I kind of diited and brought my weight down a little bit. It's like wow I just feel like super calm is like I can't even get anxious under certain conditions you know so. Well, I didn't do a ketogenic diet. Like I'm a trophy almost too. Yeah, well I didn't do the ketogenic diet until I've recently like this was like last summer but. Caloric restriction I used to do a lot of that combined with exercise as well so it was kind of like I was getting in ketosis without you know. With exercise and juice. Yeah, I mean I was running you know this was this was like. Like even before grad school by like early in grad school to I was running like 10 miles a day and I was doing that like 45 times a week. I was really you know I had gone I had gone almost to an extreme to where it was like I changed my menstrual cycle where I wasn't getting it because I was very active and then I was I was doing a lot of color which I felt great. I mean I really did. But that was you know that was actually a long time ago and it wasn't until like sort of my time restricted eating when I had such and on the podcast back in 2015. I mean that's when I really got hardcore about trying to like time my time went my food intake and and following that really you know obsessively for the last you know. The event like six or seven years you know that that's really help but the ketogenic diet was also unique and I and I do when I sort of incorporate that into my I want to do some kind of cyclical version of it like I want it I really want to and I want to you know. I measure my biomarkers and all that which I'm doing together so you're still doing intermittent fasting yeah and doing together you know as well. I know that's the key like people think it's one or the other whatever but low carb intermittent fasting so just a modified you know that probably has low carb intermittent fasting probably has more benefits than chronic ketosis eating like throughout the day I think we're the normal. And maybe even they're beautifully from managing because I'm communicating with adults that have epilepsy and the reforming kids you know they break through seizures but then. They take the same diet same calories and then do an intermittent and this is not promoted in the world of epilepsy but when they take their ketogenic diet where they're having breakthrough seizures and they implement time restricted feeding then they get seizure control again. So I think the people in the trenches know this like the neurological teams and dietitians they realize hey well if you can do this they don't it's not part of the medical literature but they know this intuitively just because of the information people are putting out all the information on an fasting. You know Mark Matson has been studying this stuff since the 90s and I first stumbled upon his stuff in grad school and it always kept his papers with me I was like showing people it's like look at this why don't people looking at this research it's like so important. I haven't read this book yet, but he has a new book out to it. Yeah, he does. Yeah, we had inspired me. I think that's how I got inspired into the ketogenic diet. It was looking at the rich the calorie restriction and in fasting and then that led me to ketones. But it was Matson actually that actually sparked my fire and then that led me to some of the ketone researchers. I asked Mark this question when he was on the podcast and I'll kind of ask it to you in reverse. And that is we and you've mentioned a little we've already kind of sort of touched on it but like what do you think the overlap between being on a ketogenic diet or monofried ketogenic diet is with intermittent fasting. Whether we're talking about these epigenetic changes with spheta hydroxybutoraping and epigenetic modulator, signaling molecule, autophagies one that I'm very interested in as well. Yeah, two things in my mind. Insulin and insulin signaling like IGF1 activation of amp kinase, IGF1, M2R that. But also the ketones as a drug-like mediator on not only alternative energy substrate but also as a drug-like mediator for all these different things like suppression of inflammation, activating epigenetic effects and things like BDNF which I think, you know, Matson's work actually showed that many of the benefits of intermittent fasting were associated with a bit hydroxybutorate induced growth factor effects on like BDNF and things like that. So I see there's the hormonal effects of intermittent fasting are replicated with a ketogenic diet and then the hyper ketoneemia that's associated with intermittent fasting and the ketogenic diet then have their own effects through beta hydroxybutorate and ac2st. So that's two main things but there's a whole it's playotropic, right? So the ketogenic diet, given talks to pharmaceutical companies where I go there and they say well, but key in on the mechanisms that we can sort of drugify, right? But the end summary slide is like a dozen or more mechanisms and there's probably many more that are all sort of working in synergy. And I think that becomes the reason why the ketogenic diet works when drugs fail because you have drugs work through a GABA-urgic mechanism, the drugs work through suppressing glutamate. You have a variety of anti-uptic drugs that work through different pathways, but combinations of them used in high dose often work initially than they fail and then patients are put on a ketogenic diet and it works. So the ketogenic diet is working through a mechanism independent of what we know these pharmaceutical drugs are working. And that becomes the complexity of metabolism is very daunting, right? And the key in on something that's really having and it could be depending, the ideology of epilepsy is largely unknown and the ketogenic diet works seems to work through all these different types of epilepsy, whether it's like tonic, clonic, there's drombase and drone, there's different metabolic, there's absenteeers and the ketogenic diet seems to work across all these different seizure types, probably because working through all these different mechanisms. What do you think about a ketogenic diet for the treatment of neurogenetic orders like Parkinson's and Alzheimer's disease? I think there are different subtypes of Alzheimer's disease. Again, I think the ideology of Alzheimer's is complex and there is probably a metabolic phenotype that dr. Medicine talks about like in his book and I think that phenotype would be very responsive to the ketogenic diet where you would screen potentially screen for these patients by doing an FTG pet scan and if you see, you know, there's like brain atrophy but if you see a dim pet scan then a metabolic intervention may be a good, you know, approach with that. I could tell you just by communicating with hundreds of patients over the years the ketogenic diet works remarkably well for some patients and has no effect on others and I don't think it's ever hurt or decreased anyone's cognitive, you know, to pass fear anything that I'm aware of. Typically, I'm by, I get biased feedback and be more telling me that's working but, you know, I've seen it not work too. Dr. Mary Newport was one of the people that really inspired me in the beginning actually brought her to the University of South Florida and she actually gave a lecture. She used to lecture for some of my classes and at the time that early time she would bring her husband's Steve. So I don't know if you know that there was a case report written on the use of bed hydroxybutary ester as a therapy and this case report was her husband. And I witnessed that her husband, she had many more years. Well, you know, years, maybe like five or six years just from an outsider looking in it seemed like she had that amount of time extra with her husband, the spend because of the keep a genetic intervention. And early part, it was just coconut oil and then she realized I coconut oil had medium change triglycerides and then found the patent by Sarah AC1202. And the active ingredient was, try a kiprillic triglycerides. So she went out and bought MCTs and then had an effect. But then learned about the ketone ester and the ketone diet and was administering that and that was helping him. So when 2009 she was a guest speaker in my class and then we went out to eat and her husband was shaking with Parkinson's disease like symptoms. She had Alzheimer's disease and then he had a vial of MCT and coconut oil and when he can soon that when about 15 to 20 minutes the tremor stopped and he became animated and was commenting on our conversation. So when I saw this in 2009 I realized that he was not really, it wasn't the food he was eating. He consumed that supplement. It elevated MCTs in his blood which can also cross with brain barrier but produces state of hyper ketoneemia and that acutely stopped the tremors he was having and he became more animated and that was. Being in contact with her and seeing this and witnessing it and also seeing his clock test and the minimensional status exam. Our state exam convinced me to go in that direction for my research. So there's no doubt he was a metabolic phenotype but he was also apoe for positive. So which is very interesting, right? Because we talked about you know different dietary interventions. So there was no doubt in the study of Exera in acetol02 the apoe for phenotype were the ones that were not responsive to hyper ketoneemia. But he's apoe for and he was responsive and I saw it with my own eyes and then that motivated me. Actually the first study that we did was an Alzheimer's mouse study at the Alzheimer's Center and then I developed the ketoneester because the funding agency did not want to look at the diet process. So we focused on the ester later in the seizure studies. It seems like you know with in particular some of these neurodegenerators like Parkinson's disease I mean you mentioned the tremor that you know the standard care of treatment you know like carbolabodopa. There's a lot of terrible side effects with time. And if there was another possible either adjunct treatment or alternative in some way or something that it should really be explored more and you know like with for example if you could. I mean ketogenic diets are so why do they accept it now for epilepsy? Like what about some of these other brain disorders? Is there any movement in research to kind of push to our understanding of whether or not ketosis is going to be beneficial for other diseases. And then the other type of brain disorders. I mean yeah it's so much easier to do a ketone supplement as opposed to a ketogenic diet for randomized control. Then it will try to very hard with it with a ketogenic diet right but with a supplement you can have a control you can do things so I think those studies are happening and we know that. You know just by virtue of the ketogenic diet altering brain metabolism brain pharmacology we know I mean I observed early on that this is going to be important for many different neurological disorders and then and cancer too. So that's why we got steer towards you know so I didn't want to initially you know study cancer but the data was so compelling that we should at least test this and it became a whole another track in my research. You know that we're doing a lab. So I think we are but it's just it's slower to to go in that direction and we really do need clinical trials before we can start prescribing these things to people the ketogenic diets or the supplements. And I mean that's happening now but there's groups of people getting together. You know there's a group that I'm involved in that's associated with metabolic psychiatry and they are looking at dietary interventions for a broad range of psychiatric disorders and that could be depression. That could be bipolar that could be even eating disorders like anorexia is under the umbrella of the psychiatric disorders. So there's a lot of potential interventions there and there's clinical trials but the data is not there yet to you know be able to prescribe this to that. People are I mean people are out there experimenting with ketogenic diets. They're taking there's keep ketone supplements that you can buy on Amazon. I mean so you know there's a certain element of you know there there there are families out there that are wanting to try different lifestyle changes dietary changes. Talking to their physician about them is you know obviously recommended but I mean they're doing they're trying them and I can tell you like so my mother has she has a different types of tremors essential tremors she's got worth the tag tremors she also gets migraines and. I did do the ketogenic diet with me somewhat she like cheated a lot more than I did but I also have given her ketone supplements and it's noticeable and it's the reason why she even tried the ketone was wanting to try the ketone diet because she's very much addicted to. I mean noticeably stops her essential tremor and somewhat her orthostatic which is her legs when she stands still. But noticeably the essential tremor and the migraines she will and this is totally anecdotal. I love to hear it's awesome but she she will take a ketone supplement and it's it's it's Esther has worked for her and ketone's own so she's done the ketone start. And it totally takes away her migraines which is phenomenal because I'm not a big fan of the migraine medicine that she. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, but she gets migraines that are debilitating like she can yeah good rationale for migraines yeah so yeah I get I mean a lot of emails about that I try because I'm a researcher I go in the other direction and try not to oversell it as much as I can totally because yeah I mean that that's just not very academic so. I get so much feedback and I'm so excited I went to cut and paste things and put it on social media about responses because people even said blood work or test results or their doctor. But I'm very cautious to do that because I know the power of placebo I know the power but I know what I saw. Years ago the stopping of tremors and becoming animated was not placebo because the patient at the time didn't really know that he was taking really I mean he was pretty far advanced. But in regards to migraines, the PhD student by the name of or now doctor. Eliana Gross so we wrote a review together which kind of highlighted many of the benefits associated with migraines so she was a person who had crushing migraines and discovered that the ketogenic diet and then later ketone supplements could recapitulate that and actually help to manage her chronic migraines as she had. And it was likely just like the ketogenic diet for epilepsy is working through multi-modal mechanisms so by probably increased GABA or Jectone increase brain blood flow. Some people get migraines because of like an increase in blood flow and some people because of basic constriction and we know that. The ketogenic diet and exogenous ketones increase a denison and from our metabolomic data, a denison it was not really interested in at the time was like like many fold higher relative. It was a thing that was really hot on our metabolomic data. It was like, oh, it's a very interesting. So I recognize a denison is a very powerful base of dilator for cardiovascular, you know physiology. So when you fast or even when you go on a ketogenic diet when you fast and blood flow to the brain can increase by 30%. So it's in acute you can acutely elevate it and probably through this adenison, ergic mechanism. So there's adenison, there's probably dramatic effects on brain blood flow on, you know, neurotransmitter systems energy systems and also neural inflammation can trigger a seizure. I don't like to go to anecdotal evidence, but I have a lot of people will contact me that have like herpes in plaques or shingles or different things where the virus like attacks their body and the first sign that they get is like a crushing headache and then they get like full body inflammation and then they get like sores if it's like shingles or something like that. And they'll start fasting or they'll acutely use ketone esters or ketone salts actually they've been using it. I've been recommending it and it's like, okay, please give me, you know, give me feedback and I've been giving them recommendations or not recommendations. I've been suggesting this as a potential way to mitigate the inflammatory cascade and the feedback has been pretty remarkable that they can basically stop, you know, an episode from, you know, the same thing happens, they get the crushing headaches and then usually that's a sign that the virus is starting to shed and it produces, you know, changes in the brain systemic inflammation contributes from neuro inflammation which contributes to the headache and then usually get the cascade kind of after that. So it has worked through a variety of different people and people get headaches for different reasons. So I think it's kind of like Alzheimer's where you're going to get, you know, certain phenotype will be more responsive to, to an end. I probably should mention that there's products on Amazon that people are using ketone salts where they take it and it gives them a headache. So and I think I've taken some of these because you know, I try to test as many things as possible and there are supplements out there quite popular ones where I consume it and then I just get like a headache, like a caffeine headache or something like that after that. I think that's a good, that's a very reliable sign that there's something wrong with that supplement. So if you're getting headaches from supplements and I've gotten quite a few emails about this, so I know there's listeners out there listening to this. I would say change the ketone supplement that you're taking. So and it could be the electrolytes, it could be contaminants, purity, potency, tolerability, gut issues, if it disrupts your gut, that could contribute to a headache. So but I am firmly of the opinion that ketogenic diet and fasting fasting was also used for headaches. So ketogenic diets, fasting and exotic ketones can be used to manage. Yeah, the other area that kind of is interesting leads into the carnivore cause I didn't even mention, we mentioned earlier and it is an interest in mind as well. Is autoimmune disease and I know there's been some preliminary, well last I checked maybe there's been more since things I haven't done a ton of reading on that but with ketogenic diets actually helping with autoimmune disease. I know there's been also a lot of work with intermittent fasting fasting mimicking diets, helping with autoimmune disease and so there again may be some overlap with ketosis from either ketogenic diet or fasting, helping with a variety of types of autoimmune disorders. I know you're not, you can't, you're not going to say ketogenic diets are going to help with autoimmune disease but it seems like a promising area to continue to research as well. Yeah, there's a couple, I was just teaching one of my classes yet, so there's a couple studies on MS and other of course GI associated autoimmune disorders. And I'm not a immunologist and I mean we do some work you know in measuring you know immune factors like cytokines and kind of things like that. I can say that we know that dietary interventions, nutritional interventions can be powerful modulators of the immune system and in some cases. The hyper sensitive immune system will contribute to increased intestinal permeability. So intestinal hyperreactivity is an immune response and that intestinal hyperreactivity will always lead to intestinal permeability, which can lead to impairing you know exacerbating an autoimmune condition. So I think dietary interventions are working through that way too and maybe suppressing some of the inflammatory medators. I also excited one day to the end of alpha things like that. So the ketogenic diet, interesting, can also augment the immune system in ways that makes that hyper vigilant and being able to detect things like cancer cells, right? So the the ketogenic diet enhances the anti-cancer immunity of people that are following it. Yeah, so a colleague of my doctor Adrian Sheck did research with a glioblastoma cell line showing enhanced cancer specific immune regulation, you know, with a dietary intervention. She was also using radiation. And also I think it needs to be appreciated that there's a lot of people are against a standard of care. But I think the standard of care and the context of the ketogenic diet is a much more synergistic approach. So when you give radiation, when you give chemotherapy, it's stimulating autophagine and it's stimulating tumor licensed syndrome. So you're actually like breaking down, you have bits of tumor that are entering circulation. And I actually and it's not really talked about, I always think about it in this way. When you give someone chemo, it's killing cancer cells and then you're stimulating autophagine and tumor licensed syndrome. And then that's stimulating the immune system. So you know, I think chemotherapy in general is carcinogenic, it's bad, but it's also stimulating the immune system to then attack the cancer. In the context of the ketogenic diet that a ketogenic diet, especially if it's calorie restricting, is stimulating. It's putting metabolic stress on cancer cells and actually stimulating autophagine, sort of incancers cells, is stimulating cancer cell death. And it makes the tumor more sensitive to chemotherapy and radiation. So you have more tumor die-off and you're also protecting the normal healthy cells. And it's augmenting the immune system in a way that's actually stimulating it more to attack the cancer. So I think so what I'm saying here is probably you can't go to any publication, but we just know from tumor biology that, you know, when you stimulate, when you kill cancer cells, you know, through any means. You can have this process called tumor licensed syndrome, which could kill the patient if you do it too abruptly, right? But that's why we're very, you know, adamant and advocating a more gradual approach, which would be like ketogenic diets, maybe metabolic drugs, and also hyperbarrative oxygen therapy or something that we studied. But it needs to be acknowledged and recognized that chemotherapy and radiation also work by stimulating the immune system, and it works better in the context of a ketogenic diet, which makes the immune system more hypervisual to be able to recognize and attack the cancer cells. So there's a lot of research being done on that now, and you know, I know the Mothic Cancer Center, which is by USF, is very interested in immune-based therapies, and using ketogenic diets to enhance like PDL1 inhibitors, like checkpoint inhibitors. There's a big, a paper just came out and a pretty high impact journal, I forget the name of the journal, but it showed that PDL1 inhibitors were greatly augmented in the context of a ketogenic diet, and even drugs like metabolic drugs, like the PI3 kinase inhibitors, are remarkably effective in promising, but they have a counter regulatory effect at increasing insulin, so when we take these things, they can target tumor metabolism, but there's also an increase in insulin, and in the context of insulin suppression with a ketogenic diet, that can unmask and augment and enhance greatly enhanced PI3 kinase inhibitors. So Dr. Luhkantley is really spearheading some of that work, and I think it's been in contact with a few of the patients in that that are doing really well, and they're using a ketogenic diet to enhance the efficacy of that. And Oglombo, glialm is one type of cancer to seem to be responsive, always being an area evidence to just, right? Yeah, that was my first interest in ket, because I started doing hyperbaric oxygen, and I saw some, I saw like cancer cells exploding under hyperbaric oxygen, so this got me very interested in cancer, it was that, and I didn't know why they were exploding, and we had a different a die that was looking at superoxide production, in the cytosol and also in the mitochondria, so what I would see is that the mitochondria would light up really quick. We were doing optical sections with a laser scanning conical microscope, and I could see that superoxide production was ramping up, like super high in super fast, when we hit it with oxygen, and then I would see the mitochondria disappear, and then the cells would rupture, they're exploding. So we're giving high pressure oxygen, and the tumor cells are taking that oxygen, and because the cancer cells have defective mitochondria, they put out proportionally more superoxide, anion, which then can be converted to hydrogen peroxide, and more reactive intermediates, like hydroxyl radical, and then that damage is membrane lipids, and then you get rupturing of the cells. So I was like seeing this, and I was like, this is very interesting, and what it was telling me is that I didn't know why it was happening, but later found out of the warberg effect, where you have a derrin. An altered metabolism, like some people say the warberg effect is the cancer cells, sort of changing metabolism for its own benefit, to redirect nutrients and biomolecules to the biosynthetic anabolic production of, you know, to further expanding biomass of the tumor. So that's why. Another people like Warberg said it was damage respiration leads to compensatory fermentation, so the sugar cell consumes more glucose. But it was sort of looking at this effect, which got me very interested in cancer and ways to target sort of cancer cells, and then manipulate the substrates. So that actually was the precursor to our cancer work with ketones, because I was using hyperbaric oxygen, and then under different conditions I started growing cancer cells and feeding them glucose and ketones, and then I would take away the glucose and keep the ketones and the cancer cells would die, and I would have glucose, and when I added ketones it would decrease proliferation. So this is before I ever published anything, but it was like, it got the wheels turning, and there's something that needs to be studied here. So I had a few different med students, replicated each other, so they could replicate it, so that gave me some confidence, and then a PhD student came along, Dr. Angela Pop, who's hosting metabolic health summit. So she's now a research associate and does research and a lot of other things, but then she actually moved this to the animal model, which was ketogenic diet and hyperbaric oxygen and then later ketones supplementation, and that was the synergistic combination. So the modified ketogenic diet we used was we took out the lard, and we put like a large percentage of the fat, and 40, maybe 40% was MCTs, and then we also used Omega 3 fats with a flaccid oil. So we, at the time, I was very interested in Mufa's impusas. So we looked at what ketogenic diet researchers were using, and it was like, well, let's make our own. So we did like 20% instead of like 10%, you know, protein, we did like 20% or more protein, 25, and then we replaced the fats with essentially MCT, flaccid oil, and then we put some fiber in there too, and then that became the diet. We actually used for the Alzheimer's research, and then we used this diet for our cancer research, and our effects were pretty robust, and I often think, you know, was it because we were using, you know, a diet high in like, you know, Omega 3 oils, and we just, we also had higher protein, which I think was a little bit beneficial, but we had high ketones. So we did different diets, and this diet, especially with the MCTs, gave us higher ketones and seemed to work really well. Super interesting. What about the, you know, the different, there's different types of cancer, and, and I we were discussing this a little bit earlier, you know, the potential for some types of cancer, release and rodent studies, to, you know, maybe metabolize some ketones, and use them in a positive way to benefit the cancer cell. Is that something? There's no doubt they do, so there's a little bit of, I think cancer cell is cancers are more heterogeneous than we sort of like to believe. I think the field that whole belief at large believes that, and that's why we have all these different cancer therapies. There are some cancers that are very responsive to the ketogenic diet, but when I think of the ketogenic diet, as a cancer therapy, I don't think of it as, I don't think of the hyper ketoneemia treating cancer cells. I think of the therapeutic efficacy of the ketogenic diet is through insulin suppression and, suppressing the insulin pathway, limiting glucose availability, and also to some extent, elevating ketones. We know this because if we put ex-articles ketones into a standard diet, we can extend the life of animals that have metastatic cancer. So we published that in the International Journal of Cancer. But what was happening was when you put the ketones in the standard diet food, they probably eat a little bit less, and it's also lowering blood glucose and changing metabolic physiology. But it may not be, and then the reviewers rightly asked, they said, well, go do a calorie restriction group. So we took a standard diet and calorie restricted like 25%. And we saw an increase in survival, but it was nowhere near the increase in survival from adding the ketones to the standard diet. So we did that control. So to get back to your question, yeah, I think brain tumors, aggressive, solid tumors, endometrial cancers, maybe certain GI cancers, maybe lung cancer, you know, are responsive. The cancers that are associated with metabolic derangement are probably responsive. Also cancers that are more aggressive are more glypholytic, so they're more likely to respond. And brain cancers are good. A good cancer to study because you get seizures with brain cancers, and because the tools, the treatments are so limited, like little less to them, though we just know that the standard care does not work. So you want to use something. A dietary approach can then potentially make the existing drugs work, or augment the many different factors that could make the brain cancer more responsive. To the tumor. But there are different mutations. There's one for melanoma, B, Raff, B, 600 E mutation, I believe, which changes the tumor metabolism in a way that can actually maybe cause a CO acetate to be used as fuel. Some cancers may respond to ketones in ways that are different than other cancer cells, like the brain tumor cells that we've studied in the lab. So in particular, there's a melanoma cell line at least that has a B, Raff, 600 B, Raff, B, 600 E mutation, I believe. And in those cancer cells have been shown to use acetylacetate as potentially an energy source, but also for biosynthetic reactions. And I suspect there's a variety of during cancer cells that can use ketones not only as a biosynthetic molecule, but maybe even for energy too, but I think largely cancer cells that are more aggressive have reverted back to a glycolidic phenotype, where they are primarily relying on fermentable fuels. And that includes glucose and glutamine, are the two fuels. And cancer cells that are more glycolidic and very sort of damaged in their respiration due to the hypoxia of expanding tumor mass. So as a tumor grows, it outstrips its ability to supply blood flow and oxygen to the tumor, so it becomes hypoxic, and that further damages the mitochondria. So it causes the tumor to be more glycolidic and less of the oxidative phosphorylation pathway. So literally this would mean that tumor cells, especially the core of expanding tumor biomass, would not be able to use ketones as an energy source, so it might a congerial energy event. So in that way, we think that ketones are not an ideal fuel for tumors in our model systems. It's very clear that they cannot run in the absence of glucose, tumor cells die, whereas even in the presence of consistent glucose, when we add ketones, there seems to be a decrease in proliferation. And we think that could be due to a ketone induced decrease in hexaclionates, which is a glycolidic enzyme. So there's a lot of potential, I think, for using ketogenic diets as an adjunct therapy, and then maybe some potential as using exogenous ketones, as it means to influence the tumor microenvironment, and also to influence essentially the metabolism of the tumor as a whole. Also, as you mentioned earlier, with Dr. Eric Berden and John Ramsey's co-publish studies, there was a reduction, and there's a permissible preventative mechanism as well, with, at least, according to animal research, there being a reduction in spontaneous tumors in these rodents, seems promising to study as well. If there's any way we can reduce cancer incidents, it's always easier to not get cancer than to try to treat it. Exactly. So that's also really a sort of interesting and promising field that. And I think, I mean, those results were impressive. So suppressing tumor growth through probably IGF1 and M2R, and just suppressing keeping inflammation low, and many other, you know, biomarkers. I think it's optimizing to do that. But if we take these ketogenic diets and optimize it with specific phytonutrans, and we add some fiber in, and we add, I mean, then I think, then it becomes difficult to figure out what's doing what, but I do feel that there's some synergy in optimizing a ketogenic diet with plant, we know fiber, and phytonutrans that we know have anti-carcinogenic effects, like, curcumin and tumor, and egcg, and, you know, there's groups at the cancer institute that spend their whole life studying just a handful of these phytonutrans, and they show that has remarkable chemo prevention effects. So we should be incorporating these into ketogenic diet. Which brings us to the all meat. No carbohydrate diet, really. Yeah. There's a lot of people that sort of feel like they've done a ketogenic diet, and they need to graduate somehow to another level of zero carb. Yeah. What are your thoughts on, I mean, well, I'm not sure if it's like, I think it's going back towards kindergarten. So I do think there's no doubt that a carnivore diet is beneficial for some people, and I think it's therapeutic in some ways. It is a form of a ketogenic diet. I followed it, actually felt pretty good on it, subjectively, but objectively, my biomarkers were my LDL. I think it was doubled on it, and then my triglyceride started to creep up. So this was a little bit of a concern for me, like, if you have the fat pathways, we're a little bit backed up. For example, if you have an inborn error metabolism, like carnitine deficiency, either primary or secondary, a tell-tell sign is like an elevation of triglycerides, hypoketoneemia, and then you have like, you know, a lot of a cascade of different things. Like you're just not metabolizing fat as well as you should be. Whereas we know that certain omega-3 fatty acids can actually increase the carnitile, you know, transferease, and actually augment fat oxidation. Certain fatty acids can. For me personally, I felt good. I felt fine, but my blood work was a little bit concerning, and when I went back to just adding more fish and omega-3 fats and more plants back into my diet. Maybe it was a fiber, maybe it was by the nutrients. I felt just as good, but I brought my biomarkers, especially my triglycerides came back down again. But I think the, you know, depends on the type of meat that you're eating, the amount of food that you're eating, if you're eating the carnivore diet, and creating a calorie deficit while you're doing it. I think it could be beneficial, but I don't think it's something that would be sustainable or optimal long-term. So it could be sustainable. It is for a number of people that I know, but I guess the question is is the optimal, and I have no science. I'm not aware of any science that supports a carnivore diet is optimal for treating anything, although I've been in communication with people who have benefited greatly from it. So I'm not going to criticize it too harshly. It is a form of a ketrachan type. I mean, it's like, as you mentioned, it's like, well, are these people severely caloric restricting themselves? Yeah. What are they just getting off of a terrible diet that's... Yes. There's so many factors, and again, it's like, well, you know, it's the lack of fiber. Lack of fiber, and you know, the phytonutrients, which kind of brings it back to the fiber issue, right? Because it's obvious that we could do well off no fiber at all. So the question is, like, you know, is fiber necessary? I don't think it's necessary, but I think it's optimal. So I think excluding it altogether is not doing our bodies any favor. And I think when we add it back in, there's just so much good data on fiber that it's hard to ignore. So that's why, you know... What do you think the colonocytes and getting the buterate from fiber, like, what do you think is happening in the gut? And someone with a no fiber diet, like what... Like the buterate is so incredibly important for gut health. It is. Yeah. It's a primary fuel for colonocytes. And so... I don't know, but I do know that if it caused like a massive disruption of the gut microbiome and intestinal permeability, it would show up on blood work as like HSCRP elevation. My intended actually went up like from point one to like point two or point three. But that's like now that... So I think humans are omnivores and they're incredibly adaptable to any kind of diet. So, and I think that dietary diversity might be a good thing. But you have, you know, populations of people like in Africa or other areas where they just eat like one food all the time. And it could be like some corn meal or it could be whale blubber. And another... And they do perfectly well. They survive. They live a healthy life. So that's... It's just staggeringly remarkable that we have the metabolic flexibility and adaptation to eat almost anything. You know, the question is what is optimal? Should we even be eating such a huge diversity of things? And I think that could be beneficial, at least, you know, it gives us an array of different things that we can eat. And we're grabbing nutrients from different areas. But... But yeah, I am kind of a little bit neutral on the carnival diet. I think it's beneficial for some, but I think it's suboptimal. As a ketogenic type. And as you mentioned, there's just a lack of empirical evidence. There's an example of that. Yeah. Which, again, is compounded all the time by many things. But yeah. There's really not a lot of research that's done. I mean, published and peer reviewed and actually... Yeah. But there are people doing it and they're thriving on it. That's true. They've corrected various... Everything from autoimmune disorders. You know, there's super high achievers. You have Sean Baker who's just like a physical specimen. And he's just eating nothing but meat and doing very well. And I don't know. I haven't seen his blood work, but I think it's okay. I mean, he's smart enough. But I do think that if you're eating a carnival diet and you're getting surplus amount of calories, which I kind of did because I added just a few pounds. And I think that negatively affected a lot of my blood work. But if you eat a carnival diet and a calorie deficit, then I think it could be therapeutic and potentially helpful. So it all comes down to calories. People ask me if the calories matter. I think they most certainly do. You need to appreciate that. Because a lot of the QJN diet community, they say don't count calories, just count carbs or, you know, it's as a calories don't matter if you eat this way. But calories absolutely matter. You mentioned having a... you do intermittent fasting sort of, sickly and is it... like how many times a week or how many meals a day, like, you know, is it something that you alternate each week? My normal pattern is to have like a small, ketogenic breakfast. And then more or less fast through midday. I'll have like a ketone supplement or maybe a small coffee, but not past two o'clock. And then I eat wheat dinner typically between like five and six. Probably try not to do a little bit later if I'm working ways and then this later. But I consume the most like 80% of my calories between the six and nine p.m. I know nine sounds kind of late, but we go to bed around, you know, 11 o'clock. But I get the bulk of my calories probably with dinner, which is around like six, five, five or six or six. So, and most a lot of my protein too, but in the morning I eat a ketogenic breakfast, lately I have been eating waffles and making waffles. There's different ketogenic waffle recipes that are really, really good. So I've been experimenting in the kitchen a bit with my wife. What about your exercise routine? Yeah, I try to do some form of exercise every day. I mean, we have some pretty, we live on a farm, so farm work, hockey pies, probably about 10 to 20 hours a week of my time doings. And that's good outdoor activity, getting sun, exercise around the cows. We walk our dogs, you know, usually like twice a day, and then I do resistance training. No less than twice a week, but sometimes I try to get four times a week if I can. And then I like to do a lot of body weight exercises. And you think when you're traveling and you're pretty busy, like chin ups, push ups, dips. A lot of chin ups are probably like one of my favorite exercises, pull ups, chin ups. And then you're doing some hot tub therapy. Hot tub therapy, yes. So the benefits, so your article on sauna and just hyperthermia in general. So I did some experiments measuring my core temperature and showed that I can getting the hot tub to about 105 to 110. I can get my body temperature up to about 102 within about 15 minutes. And I really believe in looking at the literature. And also after I do this, I then measure wife measure my glucose and my blood pressure comes down. To be unlike my blood pressure, like the lowest it's ever been. It's like 97 over 60 or 58 or something. It's really low. And I always trended on the higher end of systolic, especially like 130, 140. I think during grad school was like 45 consistently systolic pressure always ran a little bit higher systolic. Although I had carried more massive time. But the one thing that has really moved the needle and my blood pressure has been not changing anything and just doing what I'll call heat there. That's awesome. That's awesome. Right at down by a 10% and that was like measuring like five times a day, blood pressure throughout the day because I became. I would love to have a continuous blood pressure monitor. That would be really cool. But my continuous glucose monitor with the levels health app is very insightful and gives information. And I can do like a comparison of this meal, risk that meal and sauna versus, you know, cold. I can actually, I can market and time market and do a CGM comparison. What's the best way to measure your actual key tones? Is it blood, breath, what's. Good question. Yeah. Best versus also most like like easy for people as well. I mean they're both kind of important. Again, like people don't like to say it depends. So that's my answer to a lot of things. So it's context dependent. The clinicians that are managing epilepsy patients say that urine is great and they're not going to change from urine. And they're doing because they don't want to print the kids finger too, right? So I did blood. I like using the glucose ketone index. The ketone. It's your glucose over ketones in a millimolar concentration. So if you're fasting, it takes me about 72 days, 72 hours to get, although they're the guy fasted for 360 or 80 days. Fasting for 72 hours gets my glucose ketone index to one where my glucose comes down to about 3 millimolar. My ketones come up to 3 millimolar. So that would be a glucose ketone index of one. And it's my belief, although I haven't measured LC3 and other components of the auto-facosome. It's my belief that achieving and sustaining a glucose ketone index of one for 24 hours will induce and perhaps maximize autophagy. No doubt that you can get more benefits five, seven days. But then at five days and seven days, I see a suppression in testosterone and other things. I don't like. So for me, three days is like the sweet spot. I can achieve a glucose ketone index of one. And then my breath acetone is off the charts. And I think breath acetone is probably your best ketone to measure if you want to lose fat. So all the carbons of the acetone you're blowing off essentially are from fat. So when you look at the device and it's reading like 40, it's like, you're just basically exhaling fat carbons. So from that. So I think breath acetone is great because with beta hydroxybutorate, I could be at 2 or 3 millimolar and just walk around the house or do some activity and then I'm back down to like below one. That's because your body's using the beta hydroxybutorate as fuel. And if you have a calorie deficit, you have a high tissue uptake of beta hydroxybutorate, right? Whereas my breath acetone seems to be more stable and a better correlate of fat oxidation. So and it's also easier. So if you're blowing into a breath acetone meter five times a day, that's a lot of money in strips and a lot of poking your finger. So I use the readout health biosense device and I don't know, I've blown into mine like a thousand times and that would be cost prohibitive from a ketone monitoring perspective and a lot of finger prick associated with that. And it has a pretty cool app and also a fasting sort of meter in with it. I think they collaborate with zero fasting. So I think there's some collaboration there, but it can show you if you're doing a fasting and using that. Although it's more of a clinical device, but it's now it's broken into more mainstream. So it's an FDA approved class one or whatever physical device medical device for measuring ketones. And I became interested in acetone because it correlates with seizure control. So I recommend it to parents who have kids that are managing and they don't want their fingers prick and the urine ketone strips are not very accurate. So to answer your question, I think both of blood ketone measurements, if you're just starting the ketone diet, it may be good to just use urine to say yes your incitosis, you're not. It's like semi-quanotative and then spend the money to get a ketone meter, like the ketone mojo device, probably one of the best and then a breath acetone meter is good for people who are doing fasting and for people that are really interested in weight loss. What about using blood glucose levels, like as a proxy, like is there? That's like super interesting. Yeah, we had an NIH workshop sort of on this and I brought this up as a continuous ketone monitoring or continuous glucose monitoring system. And now you have the ketone monitoring system. With Abbott has a lingo device, which does glucose ketones lactate and also alcohol. But at CGM device is like the ultimate device to look at dietary adherence to a ketogenic diet because it should be the trace should be completely flat. And if there's big excursions in that person's non-on-a-cute, I guess if there are under stress or there are exercising really hard, you might get a blip, but generally speaking, like a CGM trace is a very, very good way to tell if someone is adhering to a ketogenic diet. So these things should be used, I think, and generally speaking, the community also feels that this needs to be used, but it's an off-label use. Is there like a level that's like a range or the beer, like, if you were to give an estimate, guest-demon of what the host level, like to, to like, for a huge ant diet for real? Yeah, to say, like, I'm probably in ketosis because my blip glucose levels are X. Yeah, why could show you on my, so what was very interesting when I woke up this morning, I spiked 40 milligrams per desolator. I've never seen that before, like, ever. And so my CGM trace typically looks like probably now it's going to be maybe I'm excited, maybe it's all over the place, but it's going to look like, so I didn't, what I, I said it to, I added, like, an extra 30, so it wouldn't go off negative, dirty, but right now if you subtract 30 from that number, that's, that's what your CGM trace should look like on a ketogenic diet. And you've wearing youth worn as a family. Yeah, I'm before. So I'm 74. Yeah, so, but when I woke up this morning, it's not, I had a big, I only have maybe, like, four and a half hours. So it could be that it could be that different time zone or something. Oh, yeah, totally, that's it. I mean, when I, that was the first thing I learned from my CGM was, because I started wearing it when my son was, like, four or five months old. So I was, I was really like, I was waking up multiple times, breastfeed, and, you know, I mean, so my sleep was insanely disrupted and fragmented and my blood glucose was just out. It was just going out of control and it was always on the nights when I was like, like, waking up multiple times and not getting enough sleep. And, and that was like one of the biggest things I learned from my CGM. That was surprising to me. Where were your highs? Like, I'll hire your highs. So my spike to almost like 130 or 140, and that's unheard of. Like, I've never seen that, but that just could be due to the time change and getting about half of the normal sleep that I get. I can't. I mean, I feel fine now. But okay. It's been to the years, but they were very variable. Yeah. It was something like that. It was above 120. You know, like, where it was like, this is post-prandial level. Like, you know, like, this is pretty, like, you know, intense, you know, like a robust effect. High intensity training. I was doing a lot of spin class and stuff, like, hour long, like, pretty intense. That was really, that would help. Like, so if I do the spin and then have the disruption that night after the spin, it was way better. Like, my glucose was way better. So like, the exercise totally helped negate some of the glucose dysregulation. I don't know what exactly was happening, but my glucose spiking so high. So, so that was also a learning. I learned so much from the CGM. Yeah. I haven't worn it for a couple of months because after re, I think I'm going to do levels. Because my prescriptions, like, levels was great. Yeah. I'm like a cat. I think I'm going to move to levels. So I did, I'm not going to mention the other, but I did a couple of different companies and I just wore it. But levels, well, they're in bed now, but the difference about levels is that it's kind of coaching you. And you also have the option to, I mean, you could just push and get to a nutritionist. So I guess that's good for people, maybe not like us, but for the average average. But it has so many features built in where I exercise. It'll say, you know, what did you do here? We saw that you exercise. So it, it learns my body even if I have a couple of coffee in the morning. It learns my sort of dawn effect. And I just take a picture of my food at event marks it. And then it sends me an email the next day of the picture of my food. My average glucose effect, my metabolic score and things like that. So it's so easy. Otherwise, I mean, you could just buy a CGM. I guess if you had someone prescribed it to you and just look at the CGM trace and then make your own influence. But I kind of like having, as long as I engage with the app and I take a picture of my food and everything, I get the email the next day. And that tells me what happened to my glycemic response the whole day. And it also gives me a weekly thing. So all I have to do is just engage with the app once a day. And it sends me like a daily report and also a weekly report where I could see like every day. And there's so many features. I don't even use like 90% of the features, but I use like 10% of the features and it's very useful to me. And I think so we're doing a clinical trial right now with CGM. And people have apfeteague, not everybody wants to be on an app all day. But you can engage with it as much as you want or just you know engage with it. Two or three minutes per day is enough to really be getting a lot of insight into your metabolism. I found just even just wearing this EGM without even having to do all the app stuff. Really helped me figure out what foods that I should be eating and portion sizes and all that stuff because it was like. Well we're your biggest surprises. The cook spinach was the one because I was like, oh, the sugar and it is a local I see making. Yeah. But what you said makes a lot of sense. I think that was that was a big surprise. And then another really big surprise was like a lot of these like cauliflower rice. You know like I was traveling in part on part of this you know where I was on the QJ diet. And so I would like order food that was like this is keto and you get something. Yeah. This is keto and I'm like this is not keto at all. It's like spiking me so high and then you like track down the ingredients and it's like sugar. And I'm like really you're calling this keto but you actually have added sugar in it. Yeah. Other surprises where I was taking some my collagen gummy chewables that didn't have any sugar allegedly. Yeah. And my blood glucose just went through the roof and I'm like what's in this? Yeah. Something same thing. I tried some kind of sugar free gummy. It shot me off the chart. Yeah. And all the bars that I get sent. Yeah. 90% of it. Yeah. The only bar that has completely ketogenic is keto brick. So it's like the brick is 90 grams of fat like and I think 20 like maybe 30 grams of protein and like hardly any carbohydrates. And it's a thousand calorie brick. And that's like truly the only ketogenic you know bar. There's a bunch of bars out there. Keto brick. Oh there's I mean if you go to Costco now it's like. Oh no everywhere. Yeah. I mean it's like keto everything. And it's I haven't yet defined actually something when you will turn around the back and you look at the sugars and the ingredients that like one of these things that was like this coconut keto crunch and my mom loves coconut she was doing keto and like order done on instant car and then I came and I'm like, there's a lot of sugar in this. This is not keto like and how like how dare they call it keto it's so misleading again takes us back to the beginning where it's like this ketos become. It's very much become trendy and it's almost like this marketable thing and you know, I think the Essence of ketosis and some in loss somewhat so It's really been nice having you to talk about all this. I want to talk even longer, but we probably should wrap this up Thank you so much Tom. I want to we're gonna have dinner tonight and talk more so that'll be great but and I want to I want to talk to you about All sorts of things but like for people people that want to learn more about Your research they want to follow you. They want to learn about metabolic health summit or You blogs your you know all those things. There's the best places to find you on social and all those Yeah, thanks for asking. Yeah, keto nutrition dot O R G so keto nutrition dot org and We have a blog there subscribe to the newsletter When this podcast comes out we'll put it in the newsletter of course and a lot of other information that we don't I don't post anywhere else as a newsletter as you do too So subscribe to your newsletter which I did and it's like awesome source of information Metablog health summit which will be happening may fit through the eight Amazing event. We have clinicians, you know basic scientists and Entrepreneurs scrambling to this area and influencers It's an amazing event in Santa Barbara, California. I'm excited to be a co host for that and Yeah, I guess yeah Most of the information that we promote will be on our blog on our website I personally do not have any products people always ask me down what your ketone product I don't have a ketone product but I do support a number of different companies and it's on the website The exogenous ketone product that I use is keto start keto brick is my go to keto bar. I get that question asked all the time and Keto brains is a coffee creamer that I use got alpha GP C The anine it's got lion's mane in it I've also got C8 so these are three supplements that I use pretty much on a daily basis not a huge supplement guy These are supplements we love and promote on that website and you're also on Twitter on Twitter Yeah, if you search my name always forget my Twitter handle but on Instagram Twitter Facebook I like to share in new literature that's out our publications and others in the space so I try to be a resource not as much as you But which you put out amazing information and truly appreciate you giving me this platform to give my information to your followers Oh, thank you. Thank you for all your research. Don't mind I'm looking forward to more and To have future conversation. Thank you