Exercise needs to be part of your personal hygiene. It can't be something that you just add on at the end of the day when you're tired and you don't really want to do it. It has to be part of your life like brushing your teeth, taking a shower, changing your underwear, having breakfast. These are things you do to stay healthy and exercise is one of those. So three weeks of bed rest was worse for the bodies of ability to do physical work than 30 years of aging. We found that the heart loses about 1% of its muscle mass a week in bed. I'm sitting here with Dr. Benjamin Levine, who is an exceptionally accomplished sports cardiologist. He is the founder and president of arguably one of the most prestigious institutes for understanding cardiovascular adaptations to intermittent challenges. The institute for exercise and environmental medicine, a UT Southwestern and Texas health Dallas. He is sought after by his expertise or sought after by a major sports leagues, NASA. And really, he's just an expert on understanding the cardiovascular adaptations to a wide variety of challenges whether we're talking about exercise, sports, microgravity, bed rest, and just it goes on and on. So I'm so excited to have you here, Dr. Levine. And there's many, many things that I really can't wait to talk about with you today, but maybe we can start with bed rest and the effects of bed rest on cardiovascular health. So you were part of one of a very, I would say, famous and informative studies, the Dallas bed rest study. Yeah, so actually I was only 10 years old when that study was first done. So my part arrived much later. Thank you for that very generous introduction. The cardiovascular community used to put people to bed after heart attacks or things like that, that was the standard of care. And in the mid 1960s, my mentors and Dallas, Jerry Mitchell, Gunnar Blunquist, and Banks Oldteam, some of the most famous cardiovascular physiologists ever, took five young men and put them to bed for three weeks and then trained them for two months. And frankly, almost everything we've learned about the cardiovascular adaptation to changes in physical activity began with that study, only five guys. And so like I said, I was only 10 years old, so I didn't participate in that study. But 30 years later, we found those same five guys and brought them back to Dallas to study them and to compare the effects of 30 years of aging with what happened to them during bed rest. And quite remarkably, not a single person, not one, was in worse shape after 30 years of aging than they were after three weeks of bed rest when they were in their 20s. So three weeks of bed rest was worse for the bodies of ability to do physical work than 30 years of aging. And that observation really started us on a whole series of studies trying to understand what's the difference between a sedentary behavior or lying in bed or being physically inactive and aging. So when you say that the 30 years of aging was no worse than three weeks of bed rest in terms of, so what sort of physiological parameters you're talking about? I mean, these were the five most studied humans in the history of the world in terms of all the studies that were done to them. But the simplest is the maximal oxygen uptake. That's the maximal amount of oxygen that can be taken in from the environment brought into the body by the lungs transported by the heart to the skeleton muscle and used to do physical work. The exercise physiologists marker of fitness. And so when we hear the term cardio-respiratory fitness, that's what we really mean. And there are ways to estimate it. There are ways to measure it directly. Many of your audience will have seen or even participated. You can't imagine how much of a male piece in their mouth and run on a treadmill until they can't go anymore. And that's how you measure the maximal oxygen uptake. Back in the 1960s, they did a lot of other things. You should see the pictures of these guys. Catheters in the arms, catheters in the bladder, catheters everywhere. They measured heart size. There wasn't echocardiography then. So they measured heart size by x-ray. Now that takes into account both the mass, the muscle mass of the heart and its volume, and the heart just shrunk in bed rest. So the heart shrinks the muscles atrophy. And that's probably the single most important thing that happens, at least, to the heart. The blood vessels adapt to meet the demands that's placed on them. So the blood vessels kind of get a little smaller or also everything kind of contracts. And that's probably if I had to pick one thing that would be the archetype of the bed rest is the shrinking and atrophy of the circulation, including the heart. And you said that they were trained after bed rest. So yes, was this reversible? That's really interesting, right? Because out of those five guys, three of them were just average jose. They weren't athletic. They weren't sick. They were just healthy college students. Two of them were competitive athletes. One was a semi-prohookable player. The other was a distance runner. They all decreased by about the same amount. They lost fitness. But what was really interesting is that the three guys who were relatively unfit quickly returned to baseline and even got fitter than they were before hand. For the fitter people, it took them the full two months to get back and even then they weren't quite back at where they were. So people whose bodies are adapted and trained, they lose the same amount. But it may take them longer to get back. And part of that may have to do with the load that's placed on them. So you have to kind of build back up slowly after you've been in bed for a while. And it just takes people for get how much load they placed on themselves to get them back trained. And you can't just pop into that all of a sudden. You've got to build up slowly when you've been in bed. And we've learned a lot about this in the COVID pandemic, where people went to bed and were placed in quarantine and lost a lot of fitness. I will tell you to me, one of the most compelling observations is well, and sticking with the COVID pandemic for a minute, because really is the same concept. So you've heard about long COVID, for example, in people who have symptoms that last more than three months, 12 weeks after their COVID infection. Well, you know, we were very worried when the COVID pandemic hit about what was going to happen to the athletes, because we were worried that they were going to get infected. We know that COVID could infect the heart. We were worried it was going to cause sudden death. And so we were very intensely monitoring all the collegiate athletes. And out of hundreds, if not thousands of collegiate athletes, who had COVID and went through brief quarantine, how many of you think had symptoms that lasted more than 12 weeks? 1600 in Brad Peddick study. What percentage do you think? Make a guess. 8%. Yeah. 0.06% two people, two out of 1600. Why is that? It's not that athletes are resistant to long COVID. No, it's because as soon as they got over their quarantine period, because they were in a competitive environment, they quickly returned to a trainer, monitored, and implemented returns a play program. So it's really important for almost any condition, as soon as that forces you to bed, that you have to get up and start moving and progress your training to return to a baseline state. And in some cases, you can do even better. So the hypothesis that after being COVID's case, exercise may help protect against having this long COVID-19. Absolutely. Now, let me caveat that by saying, some people have been really sick with COVID. Right. And COVID can affect the heart and the lungs and the mitochondria and the muscles and the brain. There are all sorts of things, legions of things that can be injured by the body with COVID. So we're not talking about those people. Right. Because that's a whole different story. We're talking about people who didn't get that sick and had to be placed in quarantine, which often resulted, if not in Frank Bedrest, that leads dramatic reductions in their physical activity. Well, the other thing that is that there was a lot of public health messages that were urging people not to exercise. I know. I know. Because it was somehow, I don't even know exactly where that was coming from, but it was potentially dangerous. Well, that's what we were worried about with the athletes, right? That because we would check there for the check them for triponin, which is a marker of cardiovascular injury. We do echo cardiograms. We check elector cardiograms. That was called the triad. I was part of the sports cardiology council that laid out those guidelines of the COVID triad testing. What we learned since is that that really wasn't that effective unless the individual of the athletes had cardiopulmonary symptoms. If they had palpitations or exertional shortness of breath or chest pain, those are the people who really needed more intensive evaluation to make sure that their bodies, their hearts and their lungs, I've not been injured by COVID. We then went on to do cardiac MRIs in a lot of people, a lot of athletes who had abnormalities in this triad. If they didn't have cardiopulmonary symptoms, then anything wrong with their heart. We were definitely afraid of this because, for example, in the military, the most common cause of certain cardiac death during basic training is my acorditis. That's an inflammatory infection of the heart muscle by a virus. That remains and persists as a diagnosis as a cause of certain cardiac arrest in young athletes. Once this COVID pandemic started, we realized that it affected the heart. We said, oh my God, the streets and the playing fields are going to be littered with the dead bodies of young athletes. Fortunately, that was not the case. But we were worried about it. And I think it generated tons of publications and guidelines and things like that. And we learned a lot from it. It gets us back to this bed rest model that you had started talking about. In the original Dallas bed rest and training studies, we put people to bed for three weeks. And a lot of our high-resolution physiology experiments have used that kind of two to three week model. Because at least in the early 90s, that was what we were doing in spaceflight. Right, bed rest is a model for spaceflight because you remove the head to foot gravitational gradient. So from head to feet, there is no gravity. So that's very expensive to do work in space. So we use bed rest as that model. But we put people to bed for a longer time than that. We put people to bed for two weeks, six weeks, even 12 weeks. So bed rest. And this is literally bed rest. Like not getting up. You can't even get up to use the toilet. That's where talking strict bed rest. And that takes a little practice for people by the way. So how much of, I mean, is this bed rest a almost accelerated aging model? And how much of cardiac aging, what is cardiac aging? How much is due to being sedentary? So that's a million dollar question, isn't it? We found that the heart loses about 1% of its muscle mass a week in bed. So it just, when we moderate people for 12 weeks, the heart just cuts small and smaller and smaller. Now obviously, it can't get continued atrophy forever. And we've sort of used spinal cord injury as a model for what that plateau is. How low can you go? And it's about 25%. So patients with spinal cord injuries have about a 25% reduction in the mass of the heart. We see the same things in young women with a disease called poth, or the postural or the static tech accordious syndrome. We can talk more about that later if you want. I know that's not your prime focus. If we take people and look either cross-sectionally, if we train them, we can see at least a 15% to 20% increase in the size of the heart and if we look cross-sectionally comparing elite runners to spinal cord injury, it's a 75% change in cardiac muscle mass. Is adaptable plastic responsive to changes in physical activity? So we ask just the question that you asked, Rhonda, how much of what we see with normal healthy aging is due to becoming sedentary. One of the first studies we then did to follow up on the Dallas bed rest in training, follow up study, was we went out and recruited a group of extremely healthy but sedentary older people. It's not so easy to do by the way. These are people who had no chronic medical problems. We're taking no medications except for perhaps cholesterol lowering medication. We had just didn't do any regular physical activity. We compared them to a group of elite masters athletes. These were individuals who trained virtually every day for much of their adult lives. We're competitive at the regional and national level. We used a technique that we developed in my laboratory to estimate and to quantify the flexibility or stretchiness of the heart muscle. The medical term is compliance but it's really how much will the heart stretch? We all think about aging. You think about aging of the skin, for example, that it becomes less stretchy. It's a stiffer. Then else you like to give people a nice brand new rubber band. Take it out of the box. Stretch is great. Get your junk drawer and come back 20 years later and take it out of the drawer and try to stretch it again. It doesn't really stretch. It loses that stretchiness. There are a number of specific biological reasons why that might be. We can talk about that. That becomes a really good marker for the cardiovascular system. The compliance or the ability of the heart to stretch and accommodate blood. Just the heart but the blood vessels also is a marker of the youthful cardiovascular structure. We stick a catheter in the heart. We put it into a vein in the arm. We then unload the heart. We reduce its volume by using a procedure called lower body negative pressure. Basically you put someone in a box sealed at the level of the hips. Hook it up to a vacuum cleaner and suck. We can literally pull all the blood out of the heart. We can make the heart smaller and measure the pressure and its volume using a cool choreography. Then we give them a volume load. We put an IVN and we blast salt water into the heart and we make it bigger as big as we can get it. Then we look at the slope, the stretchiness or the heart. What we found is that when we compared the seniors to the healthy young individuals, we noticed that not only did the heart shrink but it stiffened. Then when we looked at the elite athletes, their hearts were intesting wishable from healthy 30 year olds. A lifetime of endurance training at a level commensurate with the competitive athlete was sufficient to prevent that aspect of cardiovascular aging. That's really interesting from a physiological perspective but it's not a good public health measure. We can't really expect everybody to be a competitive master's athlete. The next question we asked was, okay, where or how much exercise does someone need to do over a lifetime to preserve their youthful cardiovascular structure? We turned to our colleagues at the Cooper Clinic and we partnered with them. Cooper Clinic is a center in Dallas developed by Ken Cooper where they have tracked physical activity and physical fitness for 40 years. Ken was very prescient and starting that database and we've learned a lot from that and looking at people and tracking their fitness and their physical activity over a very long time. We said, okay, we want you to help us find people who over 25 years and multiple visits to the Cooper Clinic have said on their questionnaire, yeah, I do no regular exercise. We call those people a center and we would allow so two less than two days a week of regular physical activity, secondary. Then we took people, okay, who did two to three days a week consistently over their lifetime, we call that casual exercise training. Then we looked at people who did four to five days a week, we call that committed training and then a whole another group of masters athletes who are called competitive training. And when we did the same techniques, we measured their heart compliance and their vascular compliance and low and behold two to three days of exercise over lifetime had no effect at all. It did not protect against that aging effect. Four to five days a week got us most of the way there, closed to the competitive athletes not exactly the same, not all the way there, but pretty close. So that gave us the sense that the optimal dose, if you will, a physical activity is four to five days a week over a lifetime, making it got to be part of your personal hygiene, we can talk about that a little bit later. Because then the next question we had to ask was, all right, we studied our master's athletes and our healthy sedentary people at age 70 and our youthful people were at age 30. So when in the aging process this is begin, right, so we partnered with a Dallas Heart Study, a large community based, very highly intensive epidemiologic study. And we looked at people who were in their 30s and their 40s and their 50s and their 60s and their 70s and we did the same studies on them. And what we found is that the heart starts to shrink in that late middle age period. You know, if you think about aging at so late middle age is kind of that 50 to 65 period early middle age is at 35 to 50 range. So the heart will get a little bit stiffer, but it's in that late middle range that starts to actrhym, you can see the most dramatic effects of aging. So we said, okay, well, it's this all reversible. I was sort of the question you asked me earlier. And so we took our healthy seniors and we trained them for a year. We used the same training program that we used in a group of young people trying to make them endurance athletes. I know you want to chat about that a little bit also, but we put them, we trained them hard and they got fitter for sure, but we didn't change the heart structure at all, not even a little bit. So once you got to be aged 70, it was virtually impossible to change the heart structure. That was very disappointing because we really thought we were going to be able to reverse it. And when we trained our young people, we sort of very marked and very impressive increases cardiac size and compliance and things like that. But we said, okay, what if we made a mistake? What if we started to lead? And what if we didn't train them long enough? And what if we didn't train them hard enough? So we then said, okay, let's take a group of those late middle ages and the sweet spot. Let's train them hard. And then we did them increasingly fit over a year and then sustain that at our perfect dose that four to five days a week. And we'll do that for two years. And low and behold, we were able to reverse the effects of sedentary aging by sustained training at the right dose, at the right time period in the aging process. So that paper, which is published in circulation, got a lot of press. It still is that among the top 10 papers for something called outnetrics, which is the interest within the media and the public and the professional community, the top 10 in the history of circulation, which is American horse association journal. Incredible. How much would you say the heart aging was reversed in these mid-old-central age-fifth year olds? Yeah, in 50 year olds. So the answer to that is from the standpoint of the uphleness, the compliance of the heart, most of it. So we didn't get quite back to being a healthy thirial, but we got pretty close. So there are a lot of other things that happen with aging that are not just related to the sedentary and so the circulation, of course. One of the things that happens is you get accumulation of advanced glycation and products. Those are, those are, yeah, so those are the things that not you run. But other people, stiffen your skin and make close wrinkles. We measure it in diabetics with hemoglobin A1C. It's a natural biologic chemical reaction called the malad reaction. Your audience is probably more familiar with it from basting a turkey. What do you think causes that crinkling and stiffening of a skin when you base a turkey? It's this reaction, this complexing of glucose, sugars with carbohydrate, with collagen. And it happens in the skin, it happens in the blood vessels, it happens in the heart. So we actually gave a drug which doesn't exist anymore. I have the last of it in my laboratory that breaks advanced glycation and products. And we gave it to another group of healthy sedentary seniors. And one group just got the advanced glycation and product inhibitor. One group got a placebo. Another group did a year of training, just training. And another group did the advanced glycation and product and training. So four groups. Just taking the advanced glycation and product inhibitor didn't do anything. It worked in animals. We saw a marked improvement in rats. Nobody really cares that much about that. But because we're not rats, but it didn't help the sedentary humans. And once again, we saw that a year of training didn't do anything. But when we added the training and the advanced glycation and product inhibitor, we had the equivalent of about a 15 year reduction in the apparent vascular age of the circulation. In 70 year olds. In 70 year olds. That's right. So the advanced glycation and products, it's interesting because it's very, as you mentioned, tied to blood glucose regulation. And of course, people with type 2 diabetes are the extreme case where type 1 is well, like they're not able to regulate their blood glucose and have probably the most risk of having higher levels of advanced glycation and products. And you know, vast for the damage. So you mentioned the heart aging and you talked about, but I don't know if you started with what when the start, but the stiffening you said it is stiffening until about middle age. And then it starts to shrink. Is that correct? That's right. So the question is, it's interesting that you were able to reverse this cardiac aging in these, you know, late middle age. Like, you know, so 50 to 65. That's our late middle age. So you're already stiffening the blood vessels at that point. Yeah, you're probably having some stiffening. That's exactly it. It's not fully, in sconst, you know, it's still reversible by then. So okay. So the question is, it'd be interesting to see if there were like a subset of people too that, let's say, had low, very low HP1A1C or something that did respond. You know, it's a good question, Rhonda. And you know, if you think about it, hemoglobin, which is what we're talking about when we measure hemoglobin A1C, that, you know, last for 120 days, right, that doesn't those red cells don't last forever. Right. So so that's why hemoglobin A1C is such a good marker of diabetic control. Um, blood glucose is measuring a glucose instantaneously. hemoglobin A1C is measuring the average over the last few months because that's how long hemoglobin lasts. But collagen lasts forever. So once you've glycated, it's done. And that's why, you know, measuring glycated hemoproducts in the skin or in the basculature is a marker of something over an even longer time scale. You know, we, we hoped to be able to break all those, to be honest with you, I'm not sure that we did. The animal data is very compelling. We did not actually take cardiac biopsies to prove that we had broken the advanced glycation in products, right? We just used the physiological consequence. And so one could argue that we didn't even do what we thought we did. But I think I was impressed enough by the combination of exercise training and breaking the, um, AGEs. I'll use the acronym for simplicity sake. Um, that I do think it plays some role. It's obviously not the entire issue, right? Because just breaking them by themselves didn't do anything. But the combination of the stretching of the blood vessels and the heart during exercise is perhaps enhanced, or was perhaps enhanced by breaking the advanced glycation in products. So what would you say to someone who's in their 70s that's been sedentary and wants to train four to five days a week? And so you're talking about this two-year study. I mean, I've read the methods section two. And it's quite impressive. I mean, this people are, you know, they're doing a lot of physical activity and including vigorous intensity exercise, you know, whether they're doing, you know, very intense exercise at least once, maybe twice a week. So what would you say to someone who's in their 70s? I mean, how can they improve their cardiovascular health? So I'm not saying that we should throw our hands up and saying, oh, it's too late. Because that's clearly not true, right? I will say, if you hope to overcome 70 years of bad behavior of bad diet and sedentaryness and smoking, you can't make that up with a couple years of exercise training when you turn 70. That being said, there are a lot of other benefits that exercise training that are not related to cardiac structure, right? But you improve endothelial function. What I mean by that is that the arteries have a lining inside them that is, it's not like a lead pipe. It's actually alive. It's biological. And it allows for that smooth flow of blood to and then as you need more blood, like during exercise, those blood vessels start to expand. So the endothelial relaxes and opens up the blood vessels and it's damaged the endothelium with cholesterol and hypertension. It's smoking over years that causes atherosclerotic disease. So it's a very important biologic phenomenon that is clearly improved by exercise training at any point in life. So I think that's really helpful. I think we know that exercise training alters the autonomic control of the circulation, the autonomic nervous system is that part of the brain and the nervous system that regulates those things that we don't have to think about. Like you're not sitting there saying, what's my heart rate? Is it 60? How do I make it 62? That just happens in the background, right? And the autonomic nervous system has a break, which is the parasympathetic nervous system. We've heard that term vagal response is an accelerator. That's the sympathetic nervous system. And you're constantly balancing break and accelerator throughout your life. During exercise, you take your foot off the break, you withdraw the vagus nerve, and you increase the sympathetic nerves. That's what speeds the heart rate during exercise, and that comes from signals and skeletal muscle. That's how your brain knows what to do during exercise. So we know that if you, this is going to be a little bit, I'm going to take a step back for one second. We know that if you have an acute heart attack, and if I, in a dog, if I tie off a coronary artery with a little snare, while they're running on the treadmill, some dogs will develop ventricular fibrillation and have a cardiac arrest. And they'll do it every single time. And if we resuscitate them, and then we put them on the treadmill and stimulate the vagus nerve to the heart and tie off the coronary, none of them have ventricular fibrillation. They don't die. And if you train them before you tarve the coronary artery, without even stimulating the vagus nerve, you have the same effect. So the ability to increase in vagus tone or neural activity in that parasympathetic nerve may be very protective against sudden cardiac death. And those things will happen even if you start training in your 70s. So, and lastly, of course, is people get fitter. We know I can make them fitter, right? I told you that. And that's good. That's important because, unfortunately, with aging, you get less fit. Even if you're a master's athlete, you get less fit. I would be a fool if I sat here in front of you and told you that exercise training can completely prevent the aging process. I wish that it could, but it doesn't. But one of the most important things is that it presurs your aerobic power, this V02 Max. And so think about a cliff, right? And your heading towards that cliff with aging. And that cliff is where the maximal effort that you have in your body that you can do is what you need to do activities a daily living. That's in that three to four metabolic equivalence, metas, the amount of oxygen you need to just sit here quietly. Three and a half MLs of oxygen per minute per kilogram of body mass. And once you get to that, you're really kind of in trouble, right? Because then everything you do in life is a maximal effort. Well, if that point is here and your mass is athlete and you're up here when you're young, right? And you train all your life, you stay above that really well. If now you're unfit and you don't exercise your life and you're heading towards that cliff, what you want to do is change that trajectory and either push it up or flatten the curve a bit, so that you prolong that period before you become disabled. And that comes down to both endurance training and strength training because you need both of those to be able to maintain functional capacity. I, this is great. I do want to get in a little bit more into both of those the cardiovascular fitness and what it means for longevity, but just before a couple more questions on your intervention study exercise dose intensity. So what about people that, let's say they're they're exercising, they're doing the committed exercise, they're right they're 45 days a week. But they think well, I don't you know, I'm exercising frequently, I don't need to get my heart rate up to a high intensity, you know, vigorous, 80 85% max heart rate. What what do you think about that is important because in your study, at least in the to your intervention people were definitely doing vigorous intensity exercise and division. So that's I think one of the more challenging questions to sort out right because it if you, I know you were listening carefully you're and reading carefully. I'm very quite impressed by how prepared you been to come to this interview, but we only stratify people by frequency. That's you know, two to three four to five or six to seven. We didn't stratify them based on how many interval sessions they did or how long was their long run. You know, those are factors the the other components of dose of includes not just frequency, but intensity and duration. And you can imagine trying to quantify that over 25 years is kind of tough people can tell you, yeah, I trained two days and Thursday I went out for a walk, you know, I did my my zoomed class, but if you ask them well how hard did you work and what was your heart rate and how that's a little harder to manage. So I I think that they're clearly our advantages to higher intensity exercise. They're also greater risks. So we know that that exercise by itself does potentially increase risk. For anybody at any time and that's greater risk with higher intensity. Now that risk is relatively small. And it depends on how fit you were to begin with. What do I mean by that? Well, you know, the classic scenario is you know, Detroit, Michigan. You know, the storm, you know, the dad goes out. It hasn't done any exercise and needs to shovel the walk and he has this cardiac arrest, Barry Franklin, publish those data many years ago. And what we know from a number of studies is that that risk of exercise is dramatically higher if you're unfit. It may go up a hundredfold about background, a burst of extras if you don't do anything. If you're very fit, it may only go up 10%, or 20% still goes up, but it doesn't go up by that much. So maintaining fitness reduces the consequences of intense activity. But I think that we all have bursts of exercise during our lives, whether that be running up a stairs, trying to catch a buster of a train, you know, running after a kid, whatever. And I think that we also know that high intensity training relatively has relative advantages over lower intensity training for improving maximum of the power. So I'm going to ask me what is high intensity training mean, that's a whole another discussion. And I know you met with my friend Marty Gavala and had a discussion with him many, a few months ago. So when I think about aerobic power, I like to think about young hoffs, 4 by 4, which is the old Norwegian ski team workout. And it's at 95% of max, followed by three minutes of recovery, repeated four times. Even if you don't have a heart rate monitor on, it's basically as hard as you can go for four minutes. And at the end of that four minutes, you need to be ready to stop. And then at the end of the three minutes of recovery, you need to be ready to go again. And that's how you judge that intensity completely independent of heart rate. If I compare a 30 minute moderate intensity session versus a 30 minute 4 by 4, clearly the 4 by 4 will have a greater benefit on improving aerobic power, session per session. That being said, over time, I think there are great benefits to doing more moderate intensity exercise. Also, it's lower risk, it's easier to do. It's emotionally easier for many people. Others love doing short duration burst activity. They say, oh my god, I can get me and I can get the same benefit by only exercising for four minutes, as opposed to 40 minutes, I'll do it. So it's very individual. And at the end of the day, personally when you look at a competitive athlete, no athlete does just one thing. That's why a lot of the studies in this field are a little bit artificial, because as I say, I'm going to do only moderate intensity training. There's a whole new burst of enthusiasm for zone two training. I mean, gosh, I've had about 10 interviews about what is zone two training. For your audience, typically, that means exercising hard enough that you get a little sweat on your brow. You can still talk, but you're a little shorter breath. And I like to tell people you can talk, but you can't sing. That's a good indicator of that higher level of zone two training. So the ideal strategy, then, is to incorporate whole kinds of training. That's what the human body is best at adapting to. It doesn't really adapt very well to doing the same thing over and over and over again. You will not get fitter if you do that. And in fact, in our two-year training study, there's very, if you be low the lines a little bit, we markedly upscale people. These were completely centering. We worked them very hard for a year, including multiple high intensity sessions, prolonged sessions. But then we said, right, I want you to sustain that for years. So we dropped into only one interval session a week and one long session a week. And we didn't increase the dose, right? We didn't increase the frequency or duration or intensity over that last year. And you know what? You didn't get any fitter. And their hearts didn't get any bigger. The only thing that got bigger was the atria. And we can chat about that when we get to talking about toxicity of exercise training. So the human to come back to our point, the human body doesn't adapt very well to doing the same thing over and over again. And so my prescription for life, if you will, is one that mixes things up. So I suggest to people that you spend, do at least one day of a long session that lasts at least an hour. And it should be fun. I don't care what it is. It could be, you know, going square dancing. It could be a long walk with your spouse or a long bike ride. It could be some other class that you take, but it needs to last over an hour and at least to be fun. Second thing you need to do is do one high intensity session a week. I like the 4x4. I think it's very effective. This great data about it from the Norwegians. But I don't care if you did 2x6. Or if you're a Marty Gabbal fan, if you did 30 seconds times 8, it doesn't really matter. Just do one thing at high intensity. And then do two or three sessions of that moderate intensity at least 30 minutes, getting the talk test. And then supplement that with one or two days of strength training. And what I mean by strength training, it doesn't mean you have to go to the gym and pump iron. Could be Pilates. It could be strength yoga. Anything that requires training of strength and skill in a muscle. And if you do that over your whole life, I think that's the best strategy for preserving cardiovascular. Now if you tell me you want to run an iron man, you got to train different than that. Okay? And that's a really important thing for you to understand. Training for health versus training for performance. Right? Every coach knows how to train for performance. And so if that's your objective, if your goal is to have a competitive performance objective, then you have to train differently. If you tell me your goal is I just want to preserve my health and stay fit and have a good life, then you don't need to train 30 hours a week. But if you want to compete in Kona, you need to train 30 hours a week. Or you're not going to be successful. So I think you've got to just clearly identify what your goal of your fitness is, and your goal of your overall health. And that's what will guide your training program over your life. Let me just add one more thing. I can see the questions circling around in your head. I can't remember. I'll pop up. We'll come back to a later. So definitely a lot of questions. And I'm trying to figure out where to go first. So I think the cardiovascular respiratory fitness and the B2 Max and lots of questions with that starting with, you're talking about what your goal is, right? So do you want to be a master's athlete? Do you want to train for health and longevity? I loved the way you explained the cardiovascular fitness and function, how it's keeps going down with age and how you kind of want to stay above this level. And if you start way up here, you know, it's easier to kind of go down. It's going to match that same analogy like contributing to your retirement fund. Dr. Brad shown, we'll talk about this in the podcast with muscle mass. And I just, it applies to so many different areas and I think cardiovascular fitness is another one. Right? If you're starting way up here, then the decrease with age, you know, it's not going to be as big of a deal functionally. So why do you think cardiovascular respiratory fitness does correlate with longevity? So the higher the B2 Max, which is a marker of cardiovascular fitness, the lower the mortality risk. So I'm going to remember your question. I remember what I wanted to say, so let me go back to that. So the one thing I want to say is that exercise needs to be part of your personal hygiene. It can't be something that you just add on at the end of the day when you're tired and you know, you don't really want to do it. It has to be part of your life. Like brushing your teeth, taking a shower, changing your underwear, having breakfast. Breakfast. These are things you do to stay healthy. And exercise is one of those. And the mindset of people who sustain exercise over a lifetime and who are able to do this over and over again and who are able to stay fit and healthy is that it's part of their lives. It's not something they just add on. Right. So you brush your teeth twice a day because you don't want cavities. Well, you exercise because you don't want cardiovascular disease. I mean, there's other reasons you exercise to. I can't say that. But yeah, I love that part of your hygiene where it's not just, oh, it's this thing. I have time for it. I have to go. No, it's not. Right. No, it's it. No, it's you do it. It's like just like your brush your teeth. So the VO2 max and longevity correlation. Why do you think VO2 max correlates with longevity? So, so first of all, I think it's important to realize that that correlation is relatively weak. I mean, obviously, when we're talking about the effect of aerobic power on longevity, there's a number of reasons why I think that relationship exists. First of all, if you're not sick, it's easier to exercise or it's an pleasure of aerobic power. So there is a bias associated with looking at those factors. Regardless of how well you try to control for them statistically, that bias exists. There's nothing you can do about that. It certainly helps to be well enough to continue to train and be fit. So if you get cardiovascular disease or cancer or neurologic disease, it's harder to sustain your fitness. And so just be a little bit careful about that. The O2 max is a function of two things. There's a very famous equation called the thick equation, which relates VO2. That's the volume or the venulatory oxygen uptake. I started this podcast by talking about what that means. But it's a function of two things. The cardiac output, that's how much blood the heart can pump. And the VO2 difference, the arterial, Venus, oxygen difference, which is how much oxygen is extracted in the skeletal muscle. The cardiac output is also a function of two things. Heart rate and stroke volume. Stroke volume is the amount of blood that the heart can pump a per beat. So the heart relaxes. And when it's done relaxing, that's the end diastolic volume. The time when the heart is completely relaxed, that it's at its biggest. And then it contracts and pushes that blood out. That's the end systolic volume. And the difference between those two is the stroke volume. And so the stroke volume times the heart rate is the cardiac output. Now let's look at an elite athlete versus a centery person. And we laugh at can extract more oxygen than a centery person. But it's not so much more. It's not a lot more than a centery person. And the heart rate, the max heart rate of an elite athlete, if anything, is lower than that of a centery person. So the biggest difference between being centery and have high levels of aerobic power is having a big stroke volume. So having a heart that is nice and stretchable and compliant, that can relax to a large amount that your muscles pump blood back to it and contract strongly and vigorously and pump that blood out into the blood vessels. That is the biggest adaptation that allows you to be an elite athlete. But that goes back to your, your, you know, how exercise improves cardiac structure, and function because the heart's not atrophying and getting bigger. And it's not stiffening. It's more accessible. So exactly. So I think that there are clear advantages into heart structure. Heart structure and vascular function by sending all this blood out and pumping large amounts of blood. The in a healthy vascular system, the aerota and the large blood vessels accommodate that blood. It's called the wind castle effect. It's the blood when the heart pumps blood into the aerota. It expands. That's why it needs to be nice and compliant. And then in between heart beats, it releases that blood into the rest of the circulation. So that sustained dilation is what requires a flexible arterial system, as well as a flexible heart. And the heart and the blood vessels are coupled together very tightly. That's called ventricular arterial coupling in the physiology world. But they need to be coupled. And I think having a nice, regular, flexible aorta becomes really essential. Of course, if you've got aortic diseases, morphance syndrome, for example, genetic diseases at the blood vessels, then exercise can be quite dangerous for some of those people. And then aorta can tear, that's called an aortic dissection. So we know that exercise clearly does drive more blood out into the aorta. So I think that the advantages and the reasons why hyerobic power improves mortality is a preserves vascular structure, improves endothelial function, optimizes autonomic tone, preserves the mitochondrial function. The mitochondria of those little energy producing organelles, subcellular things within your skeletal muscle, within your cardiac muscle, and your brain, which utilize all that oxygen. So it preserves the energy producing architecture of many of your organs. And all those things are advantageous and leading to mortality. Now, or preserving the mortality. Now, you have to ask us of what kills people. Well, one thing that kills people is cardiovascular disease. And again, I wish I could tell you that exercise completely protects you from cardiovascular disease. It does not. Athletes get hypertension, they have high cholesterol. There are genetic effects that influence development of cardiovascular disease. So exercise will not provide immortality, right? But it will help you manage those diseases of human life. There is some evidence that exercise can be protective against certain kinds of cancers. That evidence has been challenged recently, but I do think the overwhelming weight of the evidence is that it reduces the risk of breast cancer and colon cancer. And how it does that, I can't, I'm not 100% sure, but I think increasing blood flow on a regular basis is beneficial. And it, of course, by utilizing energy, it helps to prevent diabetes. And if you have diabetes, it helps to manage diabetes. It increases blood flow to the brain and has some modest effect about preventing dementia. It will not prevent you from getting Alzheimer's disease. If you're genetically inclined, I wish we completely understood why people get it. We don't, but it certainly will reduce that risk. So I think it is a combination of the physiologic adaptations to exercise at every step of that oxygen cascade. The heart muscle, the blood vessels, the mitochondria, the sustained high rates of energy expenditure of multiple organs. That helped to protect and improve mortality with higher levels of fitness. I'm sure seeing this, this drama study in 2018 that was published and looking at cardiovascular briefness and mortality. And the interesting thing to me about that study wasn't so much that, okay, well if you're low cardiovascular fitness, you have a fivefold increase mortality rate over people that are more elite. So they're in the top two point three percent of cardiovascular stiffness. But what was so interesting to me and again, you mentioned reverse causation. So that's obviously people that are more fit are able to exercise more with that in mind. The fact that when all these other diseases or negative habits were looked at, for example, smoking, it was, at least by the data and hazard ratio, it was clearly worse to be in the low fitness groups of the bottom 25 percent of the population that was, you don't look at. It was you they had a higher risk of mortality being in that low fitness group than smoking. So it'd be a little bit careful about that for your audience, what what's been being what often is reported in literature is relative risk. Not absolute risk. So there is a protection of one compared to the other. But for example, if being low fit were to be a low absolute risk, then a little bit of protection doesn't, you know, if let's say you're risk of dying in the next 10 years is 1 percent, okay. And I reduced that risk by 50 percent. 1.5 hazard ratio. I've only reduced your risk by 0.5 percent. So the absolute benefit is relatively small. So you sent me that paper and I, of course, I was aware of it. It's by my good friend, Dermit Thillin, when he was at the Cleveland Clinic and his team there. So I know the data well. We knew about that when we put together the scientific statement for the American Heart Association, suggesting the cardiovascular fitness be included as a vital sign. You know, the same thing as your blood pressure and your body weight when you go to see your doctor, you're supposed to get and have them ask you what's your fitness level. You're supposed to do that within the electronic medical record now. Simple, Liz Joy and Bob Salus when they were both presidents of the American College of Sports Medicine have pushed the exercise vital sign, which is very simple. How many days a week do you exercise enough to get a little bit of sweat on your brow and make it a little shorter breath and how long do you do it. You're supposed to be able to buy it frequency times duration, get your physical activity vital sign. So your doctor should be asking you that or if he isn't, or she isn't, you should tell them. But, so when you come back down to that Cleveland Clinic study, remember there are two things. First of all, these were people who were referred for exercise testing. These were not healthy people. Okay. These are people all who had some complaint. Some of them had valvula disease, some of them had heart disease. None of them were a fitness test on a competitive athlete. And if you look at the elite fitness level, they are nowhere near elite. The peak view to is in the young people was 50 ml per kg per minute. I mean, that's 50% less than a competitive athlete at that level. So calling them elite was a little bit disingenuous in my mind. They were the top percentage of people referred for exercise testing. But there are nowhere near elite. These are not people doing 10, 12, 15 hours of exercise weight. This is 50 ml per minute per kilogram. That's an average fit. You know, good, good fit, but good fit young person. So, you know, by looking at percentages of predicted of healthy people, you can get a little bit of a different perspective. I don't think you should take the message home that, you know, there's no upper limit and you can just keep on training and you'll keep getting better. I do think the message that fitness is as important as other cardiovascular risk factors is critical. And I think that's a very important take home message. I don't put too much stock in comparing relative risk scores. I don't think that's helpful without knowing the absolute risk data. But my friend Steve Blair used to say, I'd rather be fit and fat than lean and sedentary. Yes, so it sounds like the measuring your cardiovascular fitness is at the very least a good biomarker. Absolutely. You know, you're health and, you know, like you said relative risk. Well, so you're talking about a 30 year old. Yeah, their risk of death is quite low, but when you start to get to 70, you got a 75 year old male, their VO2 max, that relative, that absolute risk matters more, right? Because they do have a higher risk of dying from heart and heart problems. What a strange, a major way to disease this is. I'm not going to get rid of that, they're not going to extend the human lifespan forever. But, but you're right, I think that and we made a strong case for that in our scientific statement. I do think that the risk is as important as smoking and as hypertension and they have different treatments, right? So I think the other thing to be careful about is there is some data from the Cooper clinic mostly, but also from others Jonathan Myers at the VA in California. I'll show them that if you measure fitness at one particular point in time, people who gain fitness gain advantage, equivalent to people who have sustained fitness, and people who lose fitness, lose that advantage. There are much fewer studies of changes in fitness over time as they are about a single point measure. So, you have to, the data are not as robust as what happens if you stop smoking or what happens if you treat high blood pressure or what happens if you treat high cholesterol. Those data are hundreds of thousands of people, really high quality clinical trials, treating these diseases. So, we know what the outcome is. I know less about what happens if I take a 50-year-old and I train them and I increase their view to max by 10 or 20%. What does that do to their subsequent mortality? I don't know that as well. There are data there, I think they're encouraging, but they're not as certain, for example. So I know for sure that I need to lower your blood pressure if it's too high. And I think our targets are getting progressively lower. Same thing with cholesterol. I know for sure that treating it will lower your risk of having a heart attack, for example, or having cardiovascular outcomes. So, I do think that measuring your fitness gives you a leverage to say, okay, let's improve that fitness. And there are many reasons to do it beyond mortality. I view life span as only one objective of healthcare. Health span is at least if not more important. Certainly, that's true for me. I also think that you mentioned the changes in B02 max. If you're not improving at a certain point, you mentioned earlier about people that are doing the same thing. For example, they're not really improving their cardiovascular fitness. I'm wondering if that also goes back to this non-response. What is this non-response where people will meet the requirements for physical activity guidelines are doing 2.5 hours of exercise a week. And yet they can't improve their cardiovascular fitness. So I think there are a couple of things to think about there. Number one is if those people were doing nothing, they would be a lot less fit. Okay, that's for sure. And I can make almost anybody fitter. And there's a little bit of disingenuousness about the non-responders also. It's non-responders to the dose that they've been given. The same thing like saying, you tell me, look, when I take one Tylenol, it doesn't get rid of my headache. But if I take two, it gets rid of my headache. My husband, he does fine with just one Tylenol. Right, so I think there is a dose response of exercise, just like the race for any other medication. That's one of the rationales behind Bob Salus's exercise is medicine. And so Carson Mundi and his group in Copenhagen has shown very clearly that if you take someone who's a non-responder, non-responder, and quotes, and increase their training dose, they all improve. So I don't think I'm sure there must be some people who are non-responsive. But in our study, in Aaron Hauden's study, Aaron Now is a player and a court of ask that are expert at the Baker Heart Institute in Melbourne, Australia. And her study about the two year training in the 50 year olds, we had zero non-responders, zero. But you were also adding in, I think, some of those non-responses, like you said, the dose changes or the intensity of the attack and some high intensity, all of a sudden that responding. Again, going back to your point where you know, mixing it up and you know, you do want to continue to challenge yourself, right? I mean, you don't want to just do the same thing every single day. Right, and I think that there's a number of benefits that we're talking now as a, you know, how do you adjust your high gene, right? I'm not necessarily saying that you want to do things to steadily improve your fitness progressively over a lifetime. I think that's almost impossible to do. You want to achieve a level of fitness and sustain that over life. That's a difference. And we coming back then to the performance versus the health benefits of exercise. So I think doing the same thing over and over again is for some people they love it. They find that very satisfying and doing that and preserving their fitness. I think is important. For some people, it gets boring and they want to mix it up. You know, and they want to change what they're doing and that gives them more joy. And it also helps them stay compliant with this activity over a lifespan. So I think, though, and my own bias is that the different kinds of exercise have different roles in improving and preserving fitness over a lifetime. I mean, if you want to run your 5K faster, you got a train harder, you know what I mean? But if you go this look, I'm happy with my, you know, 3 minute 5K and I don't care about running that faster. I just want to stay well. Then then increasing the dose has less benefit for you. So you're mentioning this stroke, following being really important for cardiovascular fitness. I mean, is that the limiting factor? Like, is that how what is the limiting factor for improving your BOT marks? So I think that for a lead competitive athlete, the stroke volume and the cardiac output or the limiting factor. And I know this because, I mean, if I blooddope them and I give them more blood, their muscles can accept that just fine and they get faster. Right? So it's just the ability to get that blood to the muscle that's important. The muscle has a lot of reserve. And, you know, obviously there comes a point where you can't make the heart any bigger. But I do think that that is the primary difference between the elite of the elite and the sub-elead. Now that's different. If you told me I've got a 50-year-old guy who wants to start training. Oh, our patient, you know, with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, a genetic disease of the heart muscle, James McNamara, at our institution, has been studying how you make those people fit or they've been told their whole lives don't train. They were because, you know, earlier data suggested that patients with that kind of genetic disease were at risk for dying during exercise. Turns out that now the evidence in the last couple years has become much more obvious that you can those types of individuals can safely train. And in fact, regular physical activity and fitness is critical to their survival. So, animal data suggesting that if they train when they're young, it may even prevent the full expression of the disease, where working on that right now. But those kind of individuals, particularly some who may be limited by cardiac limitations, will improve their ability of the muscle to extract oxygen. And I think when you get to the elite level, everything ends up being optimized. Maximum lung function, maximum cardiac function, maximum muscle function, and they are all linked together, you know, in the entire oxygen cascade. For people who are sub-aliet, who have not raised each particular part of that physiological process to their limits, can improve your two max by increasing oxygen extraction. They can increase the enzymes producing oxygen in their muscle. They can increase the number and size of mitochondria. They will increase their AVO2 difference. They can't increase it forever. And so you increase that. And particularly if you've got a cardiac limitation, if you're sedentary and don't have one, you may increase both in parallel. But it's the cardiac limitation that gets differentiates the highest levels of aerobic power fitness from the less lower. And let me give you an example, you know, we tried. We took a group of young people because I wondered how much of this extraordinary aerobic power is genetic and how much is, you know, trainable. So we took a group of sedentary young people in their 30s. And I train them to be marathon runners. I train them to be successfully complete either a marathon or a hundred mile bike ride. And we made them a lot thinner. Some of the largest gains in heart size and fitness than anyone's ever seen. Including long duration, two hour up to two hour runs on on the weekend, multiple workouts, high intensity sessions over the week. I threw everything I could have them. And frankly, I couldn't make their hearts as big as our competitive athletes. You know, I just couldn't get the life long competitive athletes like this. No, no, these are young people. These are 30. So, well, life long up until then, right? So high level competitive athletes. I just couldn't get the heart size the same. They got a lot bigger, but not the same. I wondered why that is. One thing to remember is that the heart is constrained by a stiff, fibrous sack called the pericardium. And the pericardium is really important. It allows the right and the left ventricles to function together. Remember the right ventricle pumps, blood to the lungs, the left ventricle pumps to the body. And they work in concert. So, the pericardium preserves that ventricular interaction in a positive way. And it may be that training for one year or maybe even two years isn't enough to stretch that pericardium. The myocardium, the skeletal muscle is very adaptive. The pericardium less so. It's also possible that you have to train when you're growing to get the biggest bang for your buck. That, you know, obviously the pericardium constrains the heart of a baby, as much as it does, the heart of a elite athlete. And as the heart grows and adds myoc fibers, the muscle fibers within the heart, the pericardium adapts and remodels to accommodate that. It may be that those things have to rise together in order to get the truly biggest hearts of the most elite athletes. I don't know that there are some studies on going, you know, in Europe and in the US to try to address that. You know, class in and under legaries have the pro at heart study that are looking at young athletes. I don't know that anyone's looking at kids that are starting when they're 12 though. I'd just in Lali and Innsbruck is trying to do that. A group in Norway is trying to do that. So I think that we are as a community trying to get that it's hard to study kids, you know. But but I guess I suspect that you've got to train when you're growing to get the max of all ability. You know, in Antonio Policia from the Tian Olympic Committee, really, the one could argue the father of the whole concept, the sports cardiology. In the world, has studied athletes who have participated in multiple Olympics up to four even five Olympics. That's a lot of Olympics, you know. What he says shows is that if he looks at their heart size over 12 or 16 years of sustained high intensity Olympic competition, it doesn't get a lot bigger. You know, and so these are people who have acquired that fitness to get to the Olympic level. And then to sustain that over time, it's not that they're progressively getting bigger. They're sustaining and preserving their fitness and their heart size. There may well be a limit to what that how big that can be. Of course, I mean, you're limited by the size of your body, right. Heart can't just go up continue to get big forever. So obviously there's an upper limit to that at some point. Can you sort of differentiate between, so I've heard you talk about, I mean, this is at it. You're talking about the adaptations to endurance. Yes, I have a aerobic exercise. I mean, Olympic athletes that are more strength training, right? So in terms of this adaptation of the heart getting bigger. What adaptation, how are the adaptations different? Well, so I'm going to give you the traditional thought. And then I'm going to tell you that that's not probably 100% right. So the traditional thought, what has been called the Morgan Roth hypothesis, is that strength training, which does not increase Venus return. That is, the blood returning to the heart. It doesn't increase stroke volume very much because it imparts a huge after load, a rise in pressure during a static strength contraction. Any idea how much the blood pressure goes up during exercise? Do you know this? Which kind of exercise strength exercise? If I, if I were to have you, if you have hypertension, I mean 180 or so. If you're going to do, if I take a competitive athlete and I do a 90% one repetition max, squad or what do you think the system blood pressure gets to. A score like a multi joint squat like 200. Higher. Keep going. 250. Keep going. 400. 400 millimeters, mercury. John Sutton in his colleagues put arterial lines and showed that many years ago. So you generate that kind of pressure by intense muscle contraction, which contracts the blood vessels. So now you're driving stroke volume into a very small, much smaller space than you did before. There's massive sympathetic activation from something called the exercise presser reflex, which is a, a function of both the relative intensity and the effect. Is a function of both the relative intensity and the total maximum muscle contraction. And, and so that raises arterial pressure very high during the contraction, right? And so to adapt to that in order to reduce the load on the heart, the heart has to thicken because the wall stress, the stress on the heart muscle, is increased by the bigger the heart is, but is decreased the thicker the heart is. So traditionally purely strength trained athletes tend to have thicker hearts. And what we call concentric hypertrophy. As opposed to dilated hearts, which we call eccentric hypertrophy. And athletes do almost exclusively endurance training runners, swimmers, cross country skiers in the days before skating technique. And they have massive increases in blood flow. So the adaptation of the heart is to get bigger to accommodate and then sustain those big stroke volumes. So that's the sort of traditional view. The endurance athlete has a bigger heart, which is eccentricly remodeled. I mean, if I just stretched it without making the heart thicker, the walls would get smaller. That's not what happens, right? The gaps get bigger and more muscular, but the walls don't get thicker. A strength trained athlete, the heart doesn't dilate the walls just get bigger. And it's the eccentric hypertrophy that's important for stroke volume and thus cardiovascular fitness. Exactly, that's correct. Now it turns out that it's not probably not so simple. And it's not so simple for a number of reasons, because even during dynamic exercise, when you contract your muscles and run, you're actually a cooling blood flow during those two. And many sports like rowing, for example, are an intense combination of both static and dynamic or a strength and endurance type activity. So rowers are we talking they pull on the ors that use a massive amount of skeletal muscle that's contracting. But they're also doing that in a rhythmic basis like a runner or a swimmer. So they're doing both strength and endurance, and they have the biggest hearts of any athletes. The biggest hearts that you ever see are in the rowers. Now in some skiers, so you know, be skating technique in skiing is a huge strength as well as endurance component. You know, and in the four, I guess gosh, in 1984, for a 40 years, we've been classifying sports into their static versus dynamic exercise. And we created a little matrix, you know, low medium and high endurance, low medium and high static. So a nine box factor. And in the Bethesda guidelines from energy and athletes with heart disease, we put sports in these different bins. We're revising those guidelines right, those scientific statements right now. And we're going to change how we display that. We're eliminated the individual boxes. And we say there are increasing amounts of endurance requirements in the sport and increasing amount of strength requirements in the sport. But it's not so simple. I can't just put them into little bins because I mean even golf or a strength train, right. And even some strength train athletes will do aerobic exercise. So, you know, most football American football players don't do anything more than 10 seconds. Never. You know, I tend to recommend to the trainers that even the strength train those athletes will be better off if we incorporate some higher intensity. They're the perfect people to do not just the 10 second effort, which is all they ever do, but do a one minute or a two minute. I mean, how long do multiple play series take last in a football game, for example, American football game? Now, I think they need to do four by four, or two by two is, and that's what's going to allow them to sustain their fitness and not get tired when, you know, they're playing fast on the sport. So, I think we realize that sport is not so simple. I mean, even within a sport, you know, the goalies are different than the full backs. You know, in American football, the defensive backs are different than alignment. You know, it's just really different. So, we can't just just bin sports and all the sport people will train with strength and even runners are training with weight training and doing strength training. Even runners are doing strength training these days. You know, to not try not to bin them, but I'm going to bin them. So let's say purely strength trainers. There is there does seem to be an argument then that they should definitely incorporate some endurance training, if not for the stroke volume increase and eccentric hypertrophy and the effects on cardiovascular risk. So, I think that for I think from strength trained athletes, it's a mistake not to do any endurance. We can argue about what endurance means, whether that two minutes or four minutes or 40 minutes is endurance. And I think that there are different ways to skin the cat, so to speak. Certainly for a long-term health that becomes critically important and Jonathan Kim and Atlantis work very closely with the National Football League to help retired NFL players. You know, figure out how to change their training and their eating and their habits to preserve their health over their lifetimes, sort of football career is just aren't that long. I think you're right that for performance may be not for Olympic weight lifting, you know, but for other strength sports. I think there's no question that endurance is important. And for sports that require repetitive bursts of strength activities, I think some type of endurance training of some degree, whether that be high intensity, or four by four is something is critical for performance and well-in-hand performance. When we talk about cardiovascular health, that's a little bit of a different story and I think that it is important for overall cardiovascular health. In fact, essential to include that over time. And again, I'll come back to the point that no good athlete does just one thing. I think that's where our studies kind of are a little bit too isolated because in order to do the research, you've got to focus on an asked one simple question, but training is not that simple in real life. Right. There are people that are much more focused on resistance training and strength training that are not athletes, they're just, you know, interested in health. And, you know, some people wonder, well, I'm getting my heart rate up, you know, to some almost maximal heart rate when I'm doing my compound lifts. My deadlifts or my squads and, you know, how much of that counts towards, you know, am I getting this, you know, improvement in this eccentric hypertrophy and stroke volume or, you know, do I need to then, you know, incorporate some other types of training as well, right. So I think you're articulating the CrossFit concept basically, right. And so I think that I'll, I'll tell you that it kind of depends. So I think that if you ask what happens to the heart rate and cardiac output during a purely strength activity. There are things that drive the heart rate that are controlled differently in a strength activity and an endurance activity. Let me, let me dig into that if that's okay. This is a little bit of science. Please do. All right. So let's first talk about something called the exercise presser reflex. So simply, it's easiest to study by doing just a hand grip exercise. Okay, but it would be true for any if I squeeze my hand. Okay, that's the same as, you know, doing a short static exercise doing hand grip. And I do it at, let's say, 30% of a maximal contraction and I hold it. Okay. Heart rate will steadily rise blood pressure will steadily rise if I put a little needle in an eference sympathetic nerve as it passes by the figure. I had that's called my chronography. I can actually record signals from the brain to the blood vessels, which cause vasoconstriction throughout the body. Okay, it's a brain driven process, which comes from feedback from skeletal muscle. How do I know that? Let's say I do that and until I can't do it anymore, I take a blood pressure cuff and I blow it up on the arm. And I trap all the muscle, all the metabolites, you know, the things that are happening in the muscle that are causing fatigue that are utilizing that energy. And I trap them there and then I stop exercise. I let go. Heart rate comes all the way back to baseline immediately. But blood pressure stays up and the sympathetic nerve system stays up. And that is the essence of the exercise pressur reflex. The heart rate is now. You can ask me, is the heart rate controlled by the brain then? Because I've stopped exercising. So the brain's no longer trying to make something happen. That's called central command. Or is it happening because the muscle tension, nothing to do with metabolites? Because I stopped exercising. Well, to address that, my one of my mentors, Jerry Mitchell went to Copenhagen and put some Neil Secker and checked with some curary into the nerves, which paralyzes them. And they had them look at a screen. And they said, I want you to try to squeeze as hard as you did before. But because the hand was paralyzed, they couldn't contract the muscle. But they could try really hard and heart rate wouldn't have been higher. Even though the muscle was not contracting. So we know that this vagal withdrawal and sympathetic activation comes to a heart rate in particular. It comes from the central command. The sympathetic activity also is stimulated by what's called group three and group four. Large and smaller, unmilinated fibers. Fibres that are not insulated. That carries signals from the muscle to the brain and say, but something's wrong. Let's get that blood pressure up. Increased nerve activity, constricting the blood vessels. So that's called the exercise press reflex. The harder you squeeze, the longer you do it for. Okay. And the more amount of muscle mass, the bigger the blood pressure response. So that's one component. Okay. How is the heart rate regulated during dynamic exercise during running, for example? Well, it turns out that it is almost certainly coming from an energetic signal in your skeletal muscle. How do I know that? Well, some patients have diseases in the mitochondria. They're called metabolic or mitochondrial myopathys. And one of my colleagues at the Institute for Exercise and Environmental Medicine, Ron Haller, studied the he was neurologist that studied those patients. He's since retired. He's not dead, just retired. And what he found is when those patients started to exercise, their cardiac output went through the roof. Their Venus blood looked red because they couldn't extract the oxygen. They had a problem in the muscle. But they would, you and I might increase the cardiac output by about five liters for every leader of oxygen. I'll take these people were increasing up by 10 or 20 liters. So even just walking down the hall is maximal exercise to them. And what that tells us, it is a signal that we need energy. We need oxygen delivered and fuel that drives the heart rate response and the cardiac out response during endurance exercise. So those are two fundamentally different things. One increases the heart rate during a muscle contraction from central command. The other drives muscle cardiac output to match Venus return. The more the compliant, the heart, the more blood could come back, the more it could pump out. Those two things are happening to a greater or lesser degree with any combination of movements. That's why I mean it's no longer so simple to talk about just strength or just endurance. And then that gets me back to the question we started with, why are you training? What's the purpose? Some people tell me they want to look good. They want their muscles to be big. They want to have relatively little muscle fat. They want to be strong. I say, well, and you kind of do a lot of strength exercise. You know, if what you want is to perform during a crossfit competition, you kind of do crossfit work. I think crossfit is very interesting to me because it's a combination of repetitive strength type maneuvers. But they also include repetitive muscle contraction. So I think that kind of exercise does have both an endurance and a strength component. Mike Emory from Cleveland Clinic now is a huge fan of the Crossfit type training. And believes that it will get you a combination of eccentric and constant trick type hypertrophy. And again, it's where, you know, this Morgan Roth hypothesis kind of falls apart because it's not one thing or the other. It's kind of a combination of both. I don't think you can lift free weights and expect, you know, that, yeah, slam down the weights on the floor, walk around in between my sets that you're going to get an endurance type trained heart. That requires a more sustained repetitive contraction and more dynamic type exercise to engage. I know that was a little complicated. No, it's not helpful. Wonderful. I mean, I also love that you, you did bring up the Crossfit, you know, that that they I've been doing Crossfit for the last few months. And and also there is a corp in incorporation of a lot of high intensity. There's rowing. There's jumping rope. There's getting on the bike. So it is, you know, like you said, it's not, you know, you can't just put strength training and resistance training and one band and endurance and another, particularly with a lot of these programs now that are available like Crossfit or each day, or each day, reason, another one they do, you know, they have something very similar. But you're right, just like if you're just raising the dumbbells and doing, you know, you know, there, there's not as much of the endurance kind of training there. So it's, it's good to talk about the science there on that. I kind of want to go back to the, the blood pressure thing as well because there was an interesting study that was recently published that made a lot of headlines on these isometric types of exercises. Right, the static hold and being better at improving blood pressure. What, what is the best exercise to improve blood pressure, right? I mean, that's so, so, you know, when we take care of patients with hypertension, the first thing, the, the community tells us to do is lifestyle modification, reduce and take of salt, reduce and take of alcohol, make sure you're getting plenty sleep and increase exercise. And, and I will say that traditionally my approach has been that dynamic exercise is best because that causes relaxation of blood vessels. That's how you get the blood to the exercising muscle and what will do one more little science thing, okay? Because the body has both a general alerting response as a function of the exercise presser reflex and a local response. So when I'm exercising hard, the muscles that are contracting are relaxed. Blood vessels everywhere else are contracted. It's really interesting. So if I'm running, the blood vessels in my arms are contracting as they are in my kidney and my gut. That's why you sometimes will get catastrophic gut ischemia during extraordinary endurance exercise. Because you just don't have enough blood in your circulation to maintain your blood pressure. If you've got a lot of skeletal muscle that's requiring blood. The thing that the local is called the saltine hypothesis about the cardiovascular limitation to exercise. Because if you add arm exercise, why you're doing intense lex exercise, you start to constrict the blood vessels even in the legs. Because you simply cannot sustain your blood pressure with all the blood vessels relaxed, even with a maximal cardiac output. So the blood vessels have to constrict, but they constrict from this general alerting increase sympathetic activity. But in the muscles, you get something called functional, sympatheticlysis. What that means is the muscles are releasing metabolites as not just from the muscle, but from the blood vessels and from the red blood cells themselves. ATP and ADP are dramatically poond. They so dilators. So you get constriction in one place and dilation in another place. And it is the regular contraction that needs to release of those metabolites, the driving of the cardiac output response. That causes relaxation of the blood vessels. And that's what I want in hypertension. I want the blood vessels to be relaxed. Remember, we started this by saying blood pressure. I didn't, maybe I didn't. We talked about the thick equation. Blood pressure is also a function of two things. Two things only. Cardic output and the muscular resistance. We talked that cardiac output is heart rate and stroke flying. So blood pressure is the triple product of heart rate stroke flying and the muscular resistance. We probably resistance being a may of very major component. So what I typically think is that people need to do sustained in during the blood vessels. So we need to do a certain direction during the activity to dilate those blood vessels. Cause that relaxation and let those blood vessels start to relax as a the best way to reduce blood pressure. I don't know what to make about the static training study. It's just one study. It's really contradicts a lot of other data in the literature. I don't think that people say, oh, let me quickly switch to doing Planks and legsets against the wall just because this one study showed a low blood pressure. For the most part, unfortunately, if you have hypertension and have already done your lifestyle modification, you're probably going to need medication to drop your blood pressure. Hyper-tension is a cardiovascular disorder. And we've learned that a lot of people are going to develop it. And so I think the lifestyle stuff is the foundation. I don't think it's going to make a huge difference whether you do, whether it changes my prescription for life, that remains the same. And I think having a strong component of endurance exercise, but incorporating strength because that's important for life and function as you get older. I think all of that is really important and it's not going to change my prescription. You know, I do have specific approaches to hypertension and physically active people. But I will remind your audience that many people are salt sensitive and reducing salt intake and the diet is important if you have hypertension and maintaining a high potassium intake is also important. And then watch your alcohol. Because I think sometimes doctors don't tell you that, but that too much alcohol intake is a very strong contributor to hypertension. And making sure you've got good sleep and don't have sleep apnea. So sleep apnea is another thing. If you're spouse or a partner's snores, that may be one and as hypertension, talk to a sleep doctor that may be something that's a little easier to manage. And we'll concoast dramatic reduction in blood pressure. So along with those, you think it's possible to, with lifestyle intervention, reverse hypertension. I think in some cases, in mild hypertension, I think that that's true. If you've got hypertension in a young person under the age of 40, I think you need to look for other causes. I don't think we look hard enough often enough. Probably the single most important is to measure a reenan and an aldosterone. To look for hyperal gastronism, production of one of the hormones that raises the blood pressure by the adrenal gland and the kidneys. That ends up being really easier and more directed to treat. And it's grossly under diagnosed in our country. So you should have a reenan and an aldosterone level measured. There are other rare causes of hypertension severe hypertension in young people. Should get a plasma metanephrins to look for unusual tumors of the adrenal gland. But I think that garden variety, essential hypertension, at least at its earlier stages, can well be modified by behavioral modification that we've been. Great, including someone who may be in their late 60s, if they perhaps do the training, the sleep, looking at the sleep, the alcohol, all in tape, all the things. That can have a huge effect. What about, I've heard you talk about recovery and recovery days being as important as how much load you're putting on your heart and so how much training. Right. I'm curious what you mean by that. Right. So recovery is a essential part of training. And I think most athletes in coaches understand that, but but it's a way that many athletes get into trouble because if they're not. Performing as well as I want, they think, oh, I just need to train harder. And that ends up just getting them into a vicious cycle of increasing over training. You know, that athletic community has thought a lot about this over training syndrome for years as a guy from the Netherlands in. Armed chiepers who did a really interesting study with horses. You know, horses are some of the great endurance athletes of our time of our world, right, biologic world. And he tried to overtrain them. And first thing he did was he increased their base training load and they all got faster. And then he said, okay, well let me increase the intensity of their training and they all got fast. And they all got faster. And they said, let me increase the number of intensity training sessions. And they all got faster. And finally said, well, I don't know what else to do. Maybe I'll just change their recovery. And what I mean by recovery is, you know, they do a high intensity session in the morning. And then the next session after a high intensity session is something easy. So it's simply a simple canter just a walk around to get the blood moving. And as soon as that within the week of increasing the intensity of the recovery sessions, they were all overtrained. With marked reduction of performance, increasing resting heart rate fatigue, you know, every sign of overtraining. So in order to reap the benefits of a training stimulus, the body has to do something, right? The muscles have to produce protein. The blood vessels. There's a release of a variety of downstream metabolites from the oxygen sensing cascade from a poxyinducidible factor through a wedge-f the vascular and a fealial growth factor. The thing that makes the blood vessels that improve the lining, the endothelium that add muscle fibers that make them bigger, all these things have to happen. That's what beneath, you know, the skin, those are the things that are happening after you do a training stimulus, right? And if you don't allow those their full expression, then you won't get the benefit of the workout that you do. And so most good coaches and trainers will always incorporate an easy session after a high intensity session. And always, I think, should always have a day off. Whether that day off is some, you know, strength training or technical training or things like that, that's okay by me watching film doing some basic technical things, shooting free throws if you're a basketball player, whatever, but it has to be something easy that's unstressed. And that's what allows you to get the most benefit. And I think that people who are not coached, you know, or who have a coach that's perhaps a bit more inexperienced, they get driven to do more and more and more and they find that they're not getting better. And that's probably because they're not having adequate recovery. And one of the things we did in all our altitude training studies, we spent more than a decade studying the best way to do altitude training for a USA track and field in the US Olympic Committee, is to monitor early morning heart rate. That was our best indicator. So we'd have the athletes put their heart rate monitor on, you know, setting a alarm, put their heart rate monitor on, if you've got a watch at rest that's pretty accurate. During exercise, the watches that just use the PPG, the Pothisma Gram are not accurate. That's a whole nother discussion that we should talk about, but put it on at rest and track it for, even go back to sleep and see what it was for those five minutes before you woke up again. And as you start to get over train, that resting heart rate starts to climb. And that's a signal that, okay, I need to reduce the frequency of my intensity sessions. I need to make them a little shorter or I need to make sure that I'm adding adequate recovery and take a day off. An adequate recovery, if I'm just, I want to make sure I understand this. It includes on a day you're training doing something a little more light. Exhains up a rubber band. It might if you're used to doing stuff in zone three and zone four or zone five, you might do in a zone one. Okay, so did you know what I mean by those five zones? I go ahead and I would be great because it seems like definitions vary depending on what journal you're reading. And I think that that's true and there are different coaches who use different zones for us. You know, and I learned, you know, my basic practical exercise science from Jim Straygunderson, my partner and carver. Oh, that's a good one. I'm going to go with it. It will a little less. Yes, sorry. Sorry. Yeah. Yeah. So from Jim Straygunderson who passed last year, my good friend and partner. I'll get there. Just give me a second. Okay. So I learned most of my exercise science from my good friend and partner Jim Straygunderson who unfortunately passed from Peggrata cancer last year. And we, in all our studies, we used a five training zone model. And typically what that means is we would pick the generally the second ventilatory threshold where ventilation starts to really increase at a proportion to oxygen uptake where VEVCO2 has gone down to its nadir where lactate is between that two to four millimolar range. They all reflect what we call the maximal steady state. That's the highest level that you can sustain for a prolonged period of time. Most good marathon runners are running at the maximal steady state. And let's just say for argument sake that was at a heart rate of 155. Because there's no magic to heart rate and it changes on a day to day basis where not machines. We would bracket that and call let's say the maximal steady state or threshold or zone three training would be 150 to 160. Okay, then zone two training is about 20 beats below that. So 130 to 150. Okay, and then zone one or recovery is less than 130. So a recovery effort would be below the lower limits of zone two. Now zone four is probably the, am I still pressing this too hard? Okay, so zone four is probably the hardest to quantify because in the physiology world you need to bring people back and do multiple repeat testing to do that. Zone four is what we call critical power. That's the highest intensity you can sustain without failure without a drift towards VEVCO2 max. So when Kipchogie was trying to run the under two minute to our marathon, when Kipchogie was trying to run the under two hour marathon, he worked with Andy Jones and my joiner and trying to say what exactly is my critical power. And it's amazing if you look at Andy Jones from the UK's work. I mean, he does exercise in an MR magnet and looks at truly, you know, phosphochree in ratios in hydrogen ions. One or two what differences is a difference between sustainability and failure. It's extraordinary and it's delicate and it's hard to pick and it's my belief. I think Andy's also is that the reason that some of these great runners from East Africa or some of the great swimmers spend so much time doing what they're doing is they want to feel what they've got to figure out what the pay for is. They have to know what that is. And it's hard to prove that in a lab, everybody, the good athletes know that when can you push that pace and when do you have to back off. And so we know zone five because we're measuring maximum heart rate and in the model that I gave you, let's say the max heart rate was 180. Okay, so the top of the zone three was 160. So I often what I typically will do in the lab is I'll split the difference. We'll call zone four 160 to 170 and zone five 170 to 180. And so that gives you a nice broad heart rate five zone which reflects different kinds of events. So zone three typically is a marathon and I'll calculate running economy. And so I know the speed at any given oxygen uptake for a runner for example. And also if I take zone three heart rate and running economy, I can tell you what your marathon time is going to be. And if I figure out what zone four is that's about a 10 k pace or so. So you can't run that pace at an entire marathon, right? But you can run it for you know 45 minutes or an hour, right? And then five k and shorter, five k is run at the O2 max. So five k is run at zone five and anything shorter than that, right? We know for sure that you can't run 10 meters a second for a marathon. You can't even run it for 5,000 meters, right? But that's still going to be zone five, right? So anything that's, you know, pretty much, you know, a five k and shorter will be run at those higher heart rates on those higher training zones for endurance activity. So you mentioned the importance of looking at your resting heart rate early morning, four recovery. Yes, sort of a good as a guy. Right. What about you hear a lot about heart rate variability? Yeah. So you know, we spend decades and I publish probably a hundred papers about cardiovascular variability. So first let's ask what is heart rate variability? So heart rate variability looks at the change in heart rate over time. And there are two, this is grossly simplifying it, but there are two main stimuli to heart rate variability. Number one is respiration and breathing. When you breathe, there are two things that happen. Your brain is sending signals to your diaphragm to breathe. The nerve that carries those signals also goes to the heart. The biggest nerve. There are also changes in blood pressure and stroke volume that occur as you breathe. Because when you breathe in, you're decreasing in the thoracic pressure blood flows into the heart. When you breathe out, the blood comes out of the heart. So you're changing stroke volume, you're stimulating the arterial bariseptors, which are in the carotid arteries. And in the archivier aorta. So there are a number of things that happen when you breathe that move blood in and out of the heart and also send neural activity from the brain to the pacemaker of the heart. That's the respiratory variability. That happens at the respiratory rate. Then there are other intrinsic rhythms within the circulation. They happen a little bit slower. If you think in terms of cycles per second or hurts, you know, point one hurts or ten cycles a second is the low frequency, myor wave frequency. And if I measure sympathetic nerves, the myor frequency is mostly sympatheticly driven. Not entirely. It's sympathetic and vaguely driven. So the problem is is that all measures of heart rate variability when you use a heart rate monitor do not take those into account. So if I told you to breathe at six breaths a minute, I would slam the high frequency on top of the low frequency rhythm and I would markedly increase your heart rate variability. If I had you breathe a little bit faster, I would separate those out. And most of the heart rate variability that's being measured by your heart rate devices. Most of the heart rate variability that's being measured by your heart rate devices is mostly looking at the high frequency variability. But that is absolutely dependent on respiratory rate. And nobody controls that, right? You're not given a tone that tells you you breathe at this frequency and will measure your heart rate variability. No, it's not doing that. And then I'm going to add one more that as you move around, very low frequency rhythms will alter heart rate. So when you stand up heart rate goes up when you lie down heart rate goes down. When you pee, you have with vagal withdrawal, so you only wait a pee. So your heart rate goes up when you pee. And when you talk to somebody, your heart rate goes up. These are uncontrolled factors. In my laboratory, if I control every single factor, so same time of day, same food in the body, same, I control how deep and how fast you breathe, I can't get better than a plus or minus 25% day to day variability. So I'm just telling you that even under the best of circumstances, these measurements are very technique dependent and very different. And very, very bold. So I don't think people should use them as an indicator of anything because I think it's too. The science is not there. You can read lots of articles about heart rate variability. I was like the thesis advisor and a pun in for one of my good friend, Hikki Rusko from Finland, from a vascular students who tried a lot to look at heart rate variability. I've read very ability as an indicator of training and overtraining. And it's just too hard to standardize and get right. So I think if you tried to use that, except under extraordinarily controlled conditions, I think you'd find, yeah, I think that you'll find you'll make more mistakes than benefit. Well, that goes with what my gut was telling me because I can, with my training, I can see improvements in resting heart rate, I can see it in my heart rate, my maximum heart rate going even low. Like getting lower, but my heart rate variability according to my Apple Watch, nothing. So we, you talked a little bit about, you know, this, the performance, cardiovascular performance and limitations and, and that got me to thinking of, you know, men versus women and these sex differences. And what, so my husband and I go for a run together and he smokes me every time. Like he's faster. Yeah. And, you know, now we're not doing a six hour run, maybe that would change, maybe I would outperform him who knows, but I'm curious, like, what are the cardiovascular performance differences between men and women? So you're asking a really interesting question and there are some fundamental differences between men and women, particularly, you know, younger men and women, which is virtually all due to the anthropogenic effects of testosterone. testosterone builds muscle reduces fat builds blood volume, makes the heart bigger, makes the body bigger, changes the power outputs of skeletal muscle. So, so that's why we have women's sports, right, is because men and women, given equivalent access to training and coaching, men are still faster. And if you're interested in reading more about this, we just published a definitive scientific statement about the biologic differences of sex from the Marin College of Sports Medicine, Sandra Hunter from our cat is the first author on it. It's been published, it's in the public domain, it just came out a number of months ago. So that, that has a lot of information about this. You know, if you looked at, I'm not sure I'm going to get the exact numbers correct, but if you looked at in the, some of the great, this middle distance runner is female middle distance runner is house in Felix, Sandra Richards Ross, you know, those are the great names that we hear about and know about in women's women's middle distance sports. And if you looked at their world records that they set during the peak of their career, at the same time, 20,000 or 10,000 boys ran faster. Boys, not these are high school kids. If they had to compete against the boys, we would not know their names. This is not, this is not benign. And you know, if our society wants and views having women's sports and women to be able to be successful, which I think is a tremendously important goal. It's important that women compete against women and men compete against men. And let me say that differently. It's important that males compete against males and females compete against males. Because as a difference in sex and gender, I don't want to get into that. I don't think that's what we're here for. But biological sex makes a difference, particularly the sex that you are, your biological sex as you go through puberty. That's where the differences between boys and girls start to become most dramatic. Before puberty, there's not much of a difference. But as a puberty, when the massive increases in testosterone come about and you know, you're not just going to be true. Now, I wouldn't beat you, because I'm an older man and I'm not probably not as fit as you. So it's not that every man is going to beat every woman. That's moronic, right? But given the same training and the same level, the males are going to run faster. Yeah, the same age. What about this? There was this study this year that was published in the Journal of American College of Cardiology, claiming that women can reap the benefits of aerobic exercise with doing less exercise as men. So it was twice as less exercise and they had the same cardiovascular. So I'm underwhelmed. I think that there's not a huge amount of benefit. The bottom line is that premenopausal women that they just don't have a lot of cardiovascular disease. There's extraordinary protection against cardiovascular disease by estrogen and progesterone. And what I tell many of my patients is, is one thing that will turn a woman into a man and that's cigarettes smoking. So cigarettes smoking abolishes most of that difference. And we see that clinically all the time. But I think that women should not necessarily consider that their dose response relationship to exercise is fundamentally different. That's why after menopause, those differences basically change. And so what happens is you simply shift now once you've got a woman who's well past menopause now from an endocrine logic perspective. She's much more similar to a man. And now the risks start to accelerate at the same level, at the same rate that just pushed off by a decade. What if she undergoes hormone replacement therapy? Yeah, you know, that's an interesting question. And there are risks and benefits of that, right? I think that there are clearly benefits, cardiovascular benefits, particularly if the hormone placement therapy is started early in the menopause transition. When it starts later, you lose the protective effect and you increase the risk of breast cancer and other bad things that counteract the male female mortality difference. So the timing of of a timing, I think, is, you know, this obviously been studied by, you know, dozens of people and hundreds of thousands of women. So that's a whole none of the complex task. But I think the simple answer is I wouldn't count on it. I would say that the dose response relationships are the same. And we've seen that we have always tried to incorporate women in our studies. We have the only studies that included women in all our altitude training studies. Because women are competitive athletes and we need to know how they respond to altitude. We did the same thing in our year-long training program. So to our community, everybody knows this, but we have to include women in all our studies it is essential. But I don't think women should think they are special in terms of their adaptation to exercise. And we're mostly found in the same exact, except that in our year-long training study, women increase the size of their heart in the first three months, similar to men. And then they stop, they play a toad and then continue to increase. And I think that's a testosterone phenomenon. It's another example of why testosterone enhances the building of cardiac as well as skeletal muscle. So that's one of the fundamental differences. And I want to get into some of these risks with now comes with extreme exercise. He's really also an expert in that area. And there's been a lot of interest and worry in extreme exercise. Like I guess we should define what that is, but in some instances, you can find studies saying seven and a half hours of exercise a week. And in some cases what they call double the risk of cardiovascular disease. And I think you'll clarify me with the depends on they're actually looking at other biomarkers not necessarily someone dying of cardiovascular disease. But what is extreme exercise? How does it affect coronary plaque calcium? What is coronary plaque calcium? Why is that significant? Okay. All right. So first, I think extraordinary exercise in, in, can be defined by multiple different things from a epidemiological cardiovascular health perspective. I think what we're talking about people who do more than three to ten thousand met minutes a week. And I'll tell you why I chose that. In our studies in the Cooper clinic, we used more than 3,000 met minutes a week, which is about eight hours. And on about six hours, but on average, our high volume exercises did about eight hours a week. So the nay deer where you reach the maximal cardiovascular benefit is about five hours a week, five, maybe up to ten hours a week for heart failure outcomes. Once you get more than about ten hours a week, you're starting to get to, well, I think most would agree on extreme exercise. The coronary calcium story is interesting, right? The original concern about coronary cancer came from the German study by Mollon Camp, where they looked at a group of runners who had done lots of lot of marathoners. And found that they had more initially when they compared them to a population-based study, the Heinz and X-Store Freakwell study. They didn't have more coronary calcium. But the authors of that study kind of said, well, that it's not fitting our hypothesis. Part of it is the athletes had better risk factors than the controls. So they said, let's only select athletes who had the same risk factors as the controls. And then the athletes had a little bit higher coronary calcium and a little more non-zero calcium. But 50% of those runners were smokers, and they all started training later in life. That's a consistent theme in much of this world. A lot of the masters athletes tend to start later in life. They're not the young elite Olympic athletes. And many of them are doing it to try to combat bad behavior when they were younger. So just keep that in mind. When we look at, then the next big study was the one out of the UK, which did CT and geography, which looked at more than just coronary calcium. And now is a good point to step into that, right? Calcium is the footprint of atherosclerosis. So as the atherosclerosis, the heartening of the arteries that we think about is cholesterol mediated. Because that progresses from accumulation of cholesterol there, important into macrophages, the cells that suck up the cholesterol into the lining of the blood vessels, and injured and start to accumulate and obstruct the blood vessels. As that heals or progresses, there's always a little bit of this plaque, a little plaque, rupture, a little bit of injury here, and the blood vessel counts flies. It's not the calcified blood vessel that I worry about. It's the company it keeps. Because calcified blood vessels don't crack, don't rupture and don't cause heart attacks. It's the non-calcified, what's what I've been called soft. It's not really soft. It's just non-calcified plaque. That ruptures in causes are heart attack, occludes the blood vessel. That's what heart attack is. So the more calcified plaque calcified plaque. That makes sense. The atherosclerotic burden is higher. What the British study showed was that first of all, their female participants had almost no cardiovascular sclerosis. Let's talk about the women for a moment. The males, the higher intensity, more volume athletes, had more plaques and more calcified calcim. What was interesting though, is all the plaques were almost all calcified. And in the non-afflates, it was a mix of calcified and non-calcified plaque. They're the ones who first raised this issue. It may be exercising, stabilizes plaque and makes it more calcified. And that's why it's the athletes tend to have a lower mortality and a lower risk of a heart attack. But none of those studies looked at events. They just looked at the anatomy of the arteries. So that's where our Cooper Clinic study came in. Laura DeFenis, paper, and Jamma from 2019. We looked at 25,000 people, with multiple different ranges of physical activity. From the middle group, which is sort of that guideline directed three to five hours a week, a low group who did less than three hours a week, and then a high volume exercise. It did about eight hours a week. Okay? And it turned out that about 75% of both groups, all three groups, about 75% of them, had relatively little coronary calcium. And the number we worry about is score of a hundred, because that's where the higher the calcium level above a hundred, the greater the risk. So that's sort of our clinical cut point where it becomes really clinically meaningful. And among those individuals who have the majority, so 75% of our group had coronary calcium scores less than a hundred, there was no difference in coronary calcium among the three different activity groups. And a 50% reduction in events. Quite dramatic. Now there was a small, about 11% increase in the risk of having a calcium score over a hundred. I'm parsing my words carefully. There was a little bit of a greater risk of having a higher score. But if I look in all the individuals who had scores over a hundred, there was no difference in the absolute score between those who did no activity, and those who did eight hours a week. And there was a 25% reduction in events. Didn't quite reach statistical significance, but it wasn't a greater increase for sure, no greater increase. It was a lower end. And the bottom line, if you look at now absolute versus relative risk, which we're coming back to, we talked about at the beginning, you're better off having no calcium than having a lot of calcium. Absolutely, right? Because calcium is a sign of Atharosclerosis. If you've got calcium, you're better off being fit than unfit. Okay? And in a natarad for his paper, also from the Kubo Clinic, we showed that there's an interaction between calcium and fitness. So the higher your fitness, the closer the high calcium group comes to those with no calcium. So if you're unfit with a high calcium score, that's a disaster. If you're very fit with a high calcium score, you're worse than if you had no calcium. But not that much worse, because the fitness ends up being protective. What causes a calcification in Atharosclerosis? I mean, if I knew that, I'd have the Nobel Prize, right? We have lots, I mean, billions of studies about the nature of Atharosclerosis and what causes it, but it's due to many of the risk factors we know. High cholesterol, how that cholesterol interacts with the vascular, a wall hypertension, smoking diabetes, and your parents. Genetics. If you're measuring, let's say, by CTNG, you're looking at the quote-unquote soft plaque, which isn't so soft, but it's not calcium. Not a cast-five plaque. Then it does physical activity reduce black information. So the, I have to say that just a few months ago, or last year, the pro at heart study that I mentioned before, kind of threw a big wrench into this, because they looked at a lead, low, young, and older athletes, and they did show more plaque related to high intensity and their insectivity. I don't know exactly what that's going to mean. I don't think that exercise removes plaque. I don't think you can count on that. It may, it certainly provides protection, and it may, against cardiovascular bad outcomes. And it may cause the non-couse-five plaque to be more classified, and more rupture resistant. But I don't think it makes it go away. There are idiocincratic studies looking at this training and this reduction, but there's also idiocincratic studies showing, and bag of showed and run across the America, that when they did that, they had an increase in plaque. I will tell you, because I just got a notification yesterday that we have a new paper from the Kubrick Clinic, showing that if you look at try to parse out the exercise dose into intensity, resist duration, as you increase the intensity, calcium goes less, and as you increase duration, calcium goes up. So I think the higher intensity efforts are probably more protective, and the very longer duration that ones are probably more calcium-inducing. Why that is? I don't know. You can look at some of Wendy Quartz data from Colorado. She's the one who's shown that when you start to exercise calcium and the blood goes down, that causes an increase in parathyroid hormone, and parathyroid hormone causes a leaching of calcium out of the bones. And where that calcium is going when it goes out of the bloodstream, I don't know. Maybe some of it gets deposited in the blood vessels. We don't know exactly what the path of that calcium is. I think this is an area of active investigation. But it's one of the reasons why endurance athletes always thought, this is going to protect my bones, but it doesn't. It doesn't protect your bones. It actually may worsen it. Some of that is nutritional, but also it's because of sustained increases in parathyroid hormone. And sustained leaching of calcium from the bones to preserve blood calcium levels, which are essential to everything that is necessary for life. The other, I would say, the other outcome, well not necessarily outcome, but risk factor for a negative outcome that people are worried about with extreme, particularly extreme endurance activity is atrial fibrillation. So what's interesting though is that you look at numerous studies, there's a decreased risk and a fit with increasing physical activity. But it seems as though there might be a certain point when that changes. It's absolutely true. And so one thing I tell all my masters athletes, this is one of the consequences of the duration and the intensity of activity that you do is you'll increase your risk of achrial fibrillation. We know why. It's a very elegant study by again, Gito class in an Andre Lugherge, which talks about the damning effect of the valves. Remember that the heart has upper chambers called the atria that collect the blood and pumping chambers called the ventricles, which eject the blood out of the heart. In between the marvals, A, V, H, of in trickicular valves. On the left side, it's the mitral valve. Let's talk about that one for a moment, because most of the atrial fibrillation is probably generated within the left atrium. So when the heart contracts that mitral valve snaps closed, and the blood gets ejected out, but the blood continues to flow into the atrium, because the cardiac output is increased, right? So it's got to keep flowing in. The blood doesn't just stop. It accumulates in the atrium. That's called the reservoir effect of the atria. Then when that valve opens, the pressure that has built up in the atria drives the blood into the ventricles to help fill it. And then so there's blood to pump in during the next cardiac cycle. Does that make sense? Okay. So now let's take exercise, which increases the cardiac output. So increases the speed and volume of blood that's being pumped. And now the other thing it does is increases the heart rate. And when you increase the heart rate, now you have more cystallies. So instead of having the valve open, now it's... And you spend more time with those valves closed. And so it creates a dam in between the atria and the ventricles, and the atria just dilate. And as you dilate the atria, you increase the risk of atrial fibrillation. And what point is there like a amount of exercise? Yeah, so that's a good question because the tromso heart studies, probably the one, also from Norway, which shows the point that you made, and we all know, that being unfit is also a risk for atrial fibrillation. And probably that targeted middle dose, if you will, three to five hours, moderate intensity, physical activity gets you to the nadear. And that population-based study, as you got past that, you started to increase the risk. There was a lot of noise around the point estimate. And nowhere near, that, you know, increase it by, I can't remember exactly by one and a half time, something like that. nowhere near the five fold increase that you see in the competitive athletes. So, so I don't think anyone who is doing recreational or even occupational exercise needs to worry about a fib. I think, you know, particularly as we've talked about the optimal dose for health and joy and wellness, you know, is up three hours is what's recommended up to five, three to five hours probably gets you most of the bank for your buck. And as you start to get beyond that for performance, then you accept the risk of atrial fibrillation. Now, the risk of AFAB, the reason people worry about it is increases stroke. Do athletes have an increased risk of stroke? Athletes in general don't have an increased risk of stroke anybody with atrial fibrillation has an increased risk of stroke. Do athletes have less of an increased risk maybe, but we don't really know that for sure. So, so I think that, you know, it's easy to protect yourself from stroke by taking an accumulation. There, of course, we base that there's obviously risk to taking bloodthin or is because, you know, you may bleed. And for some athletes like cyclists who get into crashes, that's a bad thing, right? So, depending on the nature of the athletic event, someone who's a runner or a swimmer, I don't think you have to worry about it, right? But cyclists, when you are risk for a crash or, you know, other kind of athletic events that involve collision, then that becomes an increased risk if you're on a blood thinner. So, we don't know the best way to manage that. Some of it depends on how often you're in AFAB. This can be paradoxesimal, meaning it only occurs intermittently, where it can be persistent or permanent. It ends up being persistent or frequent, then ablation is a way to go, just keep it from happening. There's a new study out called React. It's actually recruiting right now, and we're asking the question, if someone develops AFAB, can I just, take in a coagulation for a couple of weeks right then, and then take a medicine to get rid of it, and then when I'm back in science, we're them stopped taking the medication. So, only take it when you're in AFAB, that requires you to be able to detect it either symptomatically or with your watch. And we just don't know, most right now are saying, you know, if you have other risk factors, older age, hypertension, diabetes, heart failure, other heart diseases, that increase your risk of a stroke, it's probably better off taking the anticoagulation, depending on what your risk of bleeding is, and that depends on your sport. And do most endurance athletes have lower risk factors, probably, I mean, generally speaking. Most of them do, you know, and if we, there's a scoring system that we use called Chads Vask, don't worry about the details of that, that help you define that risk. Unfortunately, there weren't a lot of elite athletes in that's the populations that develop that scoring system. So, I don't know how perfect it is for a competitive athlete, but for a middle aged athlete under the age of 65 with no other risk factors, no hypertension, no diabetes, no other heart diseases. The risk of anticoagulation is probably greater than the risk of stroke. You know, you have to say, well, you know, look, I rather take anticoagulation than have a stroke, you know, I'm willing to accept a little bit of a risk. That's a discussion to have with your doctor. Right. I want to be mindful of your time. I know you have to leave. One quick question, life expectancy of what we would call this extreme type of endurance training. Yeah. What data is there to support or. Yeah. You know, I think that as you get out to the extremes of age, most things start to fall apart. You know, so I think that what enables somebody to sustain extraordinary exercise at the edges of lifespan. So, after let's say 85, for example, the extreme old is really joints and muscles. It's nothing to do with the cardiovascular system. So, you need to be able to run, you know, that those durations or without injury require some unique genetic predisposition. So, I don't think that anyone should be an extreme athlete because they hope that it will make them live longer. I think that would be presumptuous. Regardless of whether there's, you know, a small study here or a small study there, I don't think it increases the risk. You know, there was this, the Danish Copenhagen Heart Study, which frankly should never have been published as ridiculous, which looked at runners who did a lot of running. This one that generated a lot of press, but people who did a lot of running had an increased risk of death. How do they know that? They were two deaths. What did they die of? I have no idea. Maybe they could hit by a car while they were running. You know, and the confidence limits on that point estimate were so big as to be useless. I think that was a terrible study. And in fact, we have, we presented it at the American Heart Association a few years ago. We looked at the, again, the Cooper Clinic database. We looked at more than 10,000 metmen at so a week. This was stimulated by anti-burphate, by the way, who asked us this question. What about, you know, you say only eight hours a week. That's nothing for many of my runners. All right, so okay, these are our guys average 30 hours a week. And there was no increase in mortality, there was no increase in events. The number of cars, it wasn't a lot of people. Twice the number in the Copenhagen Heart Study, by the way. You know, I'm any cardiovascular deaths, zero. So, so I, I, I, I would not, I would not say I'm worried that my extreme athletes are going to take my life. I don't think that there's the evidence is strong in that regard. I don't think there's evidence that it will prolong your life. And you have to, as you start to get to hold your an older, you really, it's health span, not life span that matters the most. Thank you so much, Dr. Levine. I mean, this has been incredibly informative. I have so many more questions that I would like to ask you, maybe we can do it around two sometime. And thank you again for all your research, all your contributions. I mean, just moving the field forward, not understanding of how physical activity affects, you know, cardiovascular adaptations and how that does improve our health span and to some degree our life span. So, what's asking my pleasure, thank you, Ronda, for your, wonderful, your homework that you do prior to these interviews. It's really quite impressive. And, you know, your podcast is high quality and reaches a lot of people. So, thank you for inviting me. Thank you. Thank you.