a little less than 50% of people's first brush with a symptom of coronary artery disease is sudden death. That's worth repeating because I remember being asked this question in medical school. You're sitting there as a first year medical student in cardiovascular pathology class and the pathologist said, what's the single most common presenting feature for someone having a cardiovascular disease the first time and everyone was like chest pain, shortness and breath, you know, rattling off all the usual. So if he goes no sudden death today, it's not quite 50%. But that's a very sobering statistic. Right now, I'm mostly optimized around energy balance, which you know, stay in energy balance and protein intake. And so most of my conscious effort around my diet goes into making sure I'm getting 40 to 50 grams of protein four times a day. Hi everyone. I'm sitting here with the amazing doctor Peter at the many of you don't need an intro to him. He has changed our understanding of the scientific literature, preventative medicine with respect to longevity, improving health span. He's a number one New York time best-selling author of the book Outlive, amazing book. Also, he has a very popular podcast on health and medicine. One of the few podcasts that I listen to called the Drive. And he's also a renowned speaker. So public speaking, he does a lot of that as well and you can find a lot of lectures he's given on YouTube. So I'm very excited to be sitting here with you today Peter. And having this conversation, you were on the podcast many years ago about eight years ago. Yeah, I was going to say like probably 2016, right? I think it. Maybe I'll hear. You might have been like 2015. You might have been one of the, like the first, I don't know, six or seven guests. I mean, you were like one of the first guests that I had on the podcast. So it was a long time. You were still at Newseek. Yeah. Yeah. So it was a while ago. Well, thank you for having me back. So let's dive into to like maybe a general question that I kind of have for you, which is what ignited your interest in the field of longevity. I mean, I think it's a, it was kind of an intersection of two things, but but I think the critical spark was the birth of my daughter. And I'm right about this a little bit in the book, but you know, I think, you know, in my mid-30s, she's born and all of a sudden that became a manner in which I contemplated my own mortality. And I, it's not like I hadn't been aware or had been blind to my family history, but I have a very bad family history for cardiovascular disease. And so now the idea that I had this daughter and boy, she was like, I mean, I, I just adored her more than I could have imagined during my wife's pregnancy. It was so real. And I also kind of realized, like, you know, if I don't figure out what's going on here, I'm going to potentially leave this planet sooner than I would like. And therefore leave her and potentially other kids to come along. So so it was really those two things that really catapulted me into, at the time, just trying to understand everything I could with respect to cardiovascular disease. That became my initial obsession. So it was really less about longevity and more about that. But of course, once you dive into that, you realize, well, you know, what, what does it benefit you if you figure out how to not dive of heart disease, but you dive of some other thing? Or what is it, you know, eventually, what does it benefit you to delay your death, but have allows you quality of life? So then, you know, all of these things just came as an evolution out of that. It's funny because I actually have a very similar story about the birth of my son. And my, I mean, I remember times, like, you know, within the first couple of years of my son being born going from my long runs and stopping in the middle of my run and literally balling my eyes out. Because I knew there was a time that I was going to be gone and he was going to be without me. And it was so hard to think about that. And so, you know, like, everything that you just said completely resonates with me, where it's like, I want to be around when my grandkids are, you know, getting older. I want to be not only around, but I want to be jumping rope with them. I want to teach them to jump rope. And so, like, all of those things have sort of crossed my mind at the same time, with respect to the cardiovascular disease that you mentioned and you talk about this in the book as well, there's a statistic that I've read from the National Health Statistics website, which is that every 33 seconds someone dies from cardiovascular disease in the United States. So when people here with cardiovascular disease, I mean, at least even me, when I, well, the cardiovascular disease, what is that? What does it mean? Where is atherosclerosis coming to play? Where does coronary heart disease? What is cardiovascular disease? I mean, you could define it very broadly and include valvular disease and cardiomyopathy's and all of those things. But when we talk about a, cvd, atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, which is the leading cause of death in the United States and globally, it's leading cause of death for men and women. What we're referring to is the disease of coronary arteries that leads to ischemia. And, you know, just to take us back for a moment when you think about all of these chronic diseases, which I'm sure we'll get into today cancer, neurodegenerative diseases, et cetera. Things that you and I have spoken about a lot, including when you run my podcast. It's important to understand that this is the disease for which we have the clearest understanding. So, you know, our understanding of what initiates and propagates cancer is very small compared to our understanding on the cardiovascular front. Our understanding of this on the neurodegenerative genocide is also quite small. There are still many things we don't understand. So, you know, everything we're about to talk about on the cardiovascular side should be at least thought of in the context of how wonderful is it that we understand these things because we have the most tools for prevention here. So, with that said, what we're really talking about that does the lion's share of killing. And again, I'll bracket for a moment that there are other things that are people that are dying from, you know, cardiomyopathy, is there are people that are dying from valbular cardiovascular disease and things of that nature. But the majority of what's happening is a disease that leads to plaque formation inside of coronary arteries and we can go as deeper as shallows you want into that and why that happens and how that's a function of endothelial injury like a protein burden and inflammation. But this leads to a reduction in blood flow to key parts of the heart muscle. And when that happens, the heart undergoes anischemic event. Now, sometimes I can be chronic and sometimes that can be acute. And if an acute event occurs in a region where enough muscle of the heart is compromised, that's going to result in sudden death. That's a heart attack. And it's important to understand that a little, when I was in medical school, it was more than 50%, it's now a little less than 50%, but it's still a very high number. A little less than 50% of people's first brush with a symptom of coronary artery disease is sudden death. That's worth repeating because it's, we couldn't, I remember, I still remember being asked this question in medical school, you know, you're sitting there as a first year medical student in cardiovascular pathology class and the pathology said, what's the single most common presenting feature for someone having cardiovascular disease the first time? And everyone was like chest pain, shortness and breath, you know, rattling off all the usual. So if he goes, no, sudden death. Again, today it's not quite 50%, but that's a very sobering statistic. Absolutely. I do want to dive into some of the, you know, major causes of the atherosclerosis and the atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease that you're talking about. So life of proteins, you mentioned. And, you know, the most people, they hear about life of protein, they hear about LDL or HTL. But apobie, why should people know about apobie? Well, again, I think it's worth maybe just getting everybody on the same page with cholesterol. Let's start with that, right? So everybody's heard of cholesterol and I think most people would probably even have kind of a negative valence when they think about it's like cholesterol is a bad thing. So it's worth explaining that that's not really true, right? cholesterol is an essential thing, right? So without cholesterol, we wouldn't be alive. And, you know, there are really rare, fortunately, genetic conditions in which cholesterol synthesis is compromised and those tend to be fatal in utero. So if, if an organism can't make enough cholesterol, it ceases to exist. Because cholesterol is the thing that gives every cell fluidity, the membrane of every cell fluidity. And it's the precursor to some of the most important hormones we make. So in the case of us as humans, right, testosterone, estrogen, progesterone cortisol, these essential hormones are all made from cholesterol. So every cell in the body with the exception of red blood cells makes plenty of cholesterol. The lion's share of it is probably done by the liver and the strutal tissues. And we have to figure out a way to move this stuff around the body. And the the highway system of the body is the blood and the blood of course is water. So if we want to move things that are water soluble throughout the body like proteins and ions, it's easy because they dissolve freely in water and they move around. But when you want to move something around water that is not water soluble, such as cholesterol as a lipid, you have to wrap it in something that is water soluble. And that's something is the lipoprotein. And the big protein on the surface of that sphere is called an apolipoprotein. And they're broadly speaking two classes of apolipoproteins. There are the A class and the B class. So some of the lipoproteins are wrapped in an apolipoprotein called apob 100. And we just abbreviate that to apob, but I'll just say at this one time and we'll never talk about it again. There's also an apob 48 that wraps another type of lipoprotein called a chylomicron. We won't talk about that again because it doesn't really factor into cardiovascular disease. So apob is short for apolipoprotein B100, which is the structural apoprotein that sits on low density lipoproteins abbreviated LDL's. I intermediate density lipoproteins abbreviated ideals very low density lipoproteins abbreviated VL deals. The apo A's, and this is big A, never to be confused with apolittle A, which we may talk about. Those wrap the family of high density lipoproteins. There are much more complicated than apob's, believe it or not, and there are many of them. But nevertheless, broadly speaking, that's what's going on. So why do we care about all this stuff? Well, in the 1950s, when it became clear that cholesterol was playing a role in cardiovascular disease, the first observation was people with very, very, very high total cholesterol, because at the time that was all that could be measured was total cholesterol. By the way, what that meant was the total amount of cholesterol in all of your lipoproteins, in your HDL's, in your LDL's, and in your VL deals. Those three lipoproteins constitute the amount of total cholesterol you have in the lipoproteins. We can come back to this idea because it's important. That represents about 10% of the total cholesterol on your body. The total cholesterol concentration was loosely correlated with cardiovascular outcomes. But only at extremes, meaning if you took people whose total cholesterol was in the top 5% and compared them to people whose total cholesterol was in the bottom 5%, there was a clear association with cardiovascular disease. March forward many, many decades, we came to realize that actually this low density lipoprotein, which is a subset of your total cholesterol, that's the cholesterol contained within the low density lipoproteins, that's much more strongly associated. And what we now know is the case, is there's an even better way to predict risk than just saying how much cholesterol is contained within the low density lipoproteins. A better way to predict risk is to add up the concentration of all the apob particles. So that number, apob, measured in milligrams per desolier, is the concentration of the entire burden of particles that are capable of undergoing something that I'm sure we'll talk about, which is the initiation and progression of atherosclerosis. So how the apob number, can you talk about how that, so you mentioned LDL, total, total LDL cholesterol? That number is like some a quake, it's like determined by some equation, right? And it can be, but it can also be measured directly. Yes, so there's what that be particle number if it's called, you know? Yeah. So there's there's two ways to go about doing this. So in the olden days and unfortunately many labs still do this, they rely on an equation called the Freeter Walde equation. So total cholesterol is relatively easy to measure. So you draw the plasma, you spin it down, and you basically lice all of the lipoproteins, and you can measure total cholesterol. So if you, if you just basically apply something to lice all of the proteins, you'll say, all the lipoproteins, you'll say total cholesterol is 200 milligrams per desolier. Then they directly also measure two other things. They can directly measure total triglyceride concentration, and using a separate assay, they can measure the total concentration of cholesterol within the HDL particles. So now you've measured total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol and triglyceride. The Freeter Walde equation stems from an observation that kind of sort of on average sometimes, VLDL cholesterol is approximately one-fifth the triglyceride concentration. So the Freeter Walde equation is quite literally used to estimate LDL as follows. LDL cholesterol is estimated as total cholesterol, less HDL cholesterol, less triglyceride concentration divided by five if you're doing everything in milligrams per desolier. And unfortunately, most labs still do that. So when you look at your cholesterol report, it'll say LDL C, it'll give a number, and unless it says direct, you can assume they've done the Freeter Walde equation, which is, I've seen that wrong more often than I've seen it right. A good lab will do a direct assay. They will actually measure LDL concentration, and they will give you in milligrams per desolier the total concentration of LDL C. That is still an inferior predictor of risk relative to APOB. Yes, okay, so let's, the reason I wanted to mention that LDL C is because, as you mentioned, many labs do measure it indirectly, and there are many types of LDL, right? So there are different densities and sizes. So I'm curious about what your thoughts are on the different sizes of like more atherogenic sizes of LDL, such as the smaller dense particles. And like how you view that, like, the different particle sizes and the particle number, and then of course APOB. So like the whole. I mean, there's been a big evolution in the way we've practiced medicine in our practice with respect to this. So 10 years ago, we were looking at LDL particle number, which the both the Mesa population, so the multi-ethnic study of atherosclerosis, and the framing him, offspring population, have both demonstrated unequivocally, that when you compared LDL particle number to LDL cholesterol, LDL particle number, always predicted risk better than LDL cholesterol. So how would you do this? You would follow people longitudinally for cardiovascular events, and you would do this in sort of a, like a cumulative insulin incidence graph, so on the x-axis, you have time on the y-axis, you have incidence of cardiovascular disease, and you plot out everybody as a function of whether LDL C was higher or lower than, as a percentile, than LDL P. So LDL P stands for the part number of particles LDL C is the concentration of cholesterol. And this was, again, unequivocally the case, particle number always predicted better. So how do you count the number of particles? Well, it turns out there are different ways to do this. You can do this using NMR. So nuclear magnetic resonance is like how an MRI work, so it's applying a magnetic field. It's basically doing, I mean, this is being a little cheeky, but it's sort of like doing an MRI on the blood, and you can count the number of particles that way. That's not actually the gold standard, but that's the way it's most commonly done in clinical practice. It can also be done with ion motility. We switched from NMR to ion motility for LDL P because it was more accurate, but ultimately, this is now about five years ago, we actually switched to APOB, which was superior on all fronts. And here's the reason why. First of all, there are different ways in labs to do this. So lab core, for example, embossed in heart, have different magnets and different algorithms for how they run the LDL P. So if you run an LDL P on each of those labs, you'll get a different number. That's a bit disturbing to me. I want to know that the APOB that I get at one lab is the same as the APOB I get at another lab, and it's standardized across all fronts. But there's a more important reason why I favor APOB over LDL P, and that is, it encompasses the total atherogenic burden. And you can get burned and fooled by patients who have very high VL DL, meaning they have a high burden of very low density lipoproteins, even if their LDL burden is low. So I won't go into it because it's so nerdy, it's not worth getting this deep in the weeds, but there are certain genetic conditions where people have completely normal LDL, but very elevated VL DL. And they have a very high-athogenic risk. And you will miss that if you're looking at LDL P or LDL C, you will not miss that if you're looking at APOB. What about the fact that if small dense LDL, which has been shown to be more atherogenic, so APOB does become, so you mentioned the structural role of APOB in the lipoproteins, it's very important. It also plays a role, as you mentioned, in allowing the lipids to be soluble in the plasma. But it becomes, it plays a role also in recycling, so it gets, you know, an interacts with the LDL receptor and can be taken back up in the filler. The small dense LDL particles, it APOB somewhat obscured as the LDL particle gets smaller in size and more dense. Therefore, it's not too hard or too clear. Hard of a clear exactly. So what about in the case, and the reason I'm asking is because, as you mentioned, APOB is on VL DL, ideal LDL, right? But there's different sizes of these LDL. And the larger and more buoyant LDL is better than having a higher proportion of the smaller dense LDL. Right. That's why APOB captures that risk. So in other words, this is another reason why I think that APOB is the great equalizer because once you have the APOB concentration, you're accounting for the fact that clearance is going down. I mean, the one way to think about this is any time you see an elevated APOB, it always comes back to something on the clearance side is not working. Now, there are really broadly speaking when I talk about this with patients. I go through the four sort of pillars of what elevates APOB. So it can be driven by cholesterol synthesis. And you can talk about that because it's going to factor into dietary choices, for example. So certain dietary patterns will lead to higher LDL than others. It's impacted by cholesterol reabsorption. So we can talk about what the life cycle of cholesterol is. But again, we make it and we reabsorb it and it gets circulated. It can have to do with triglyceride burden. So this is where insulin resistance really factors in to how APOB can go up. And ultimately, it comes down to clearance. And clearance has everything to do with the presentation of the LDL receptor on the liver, the confirmation of it, the number of them and how long they survive on the liver. And all of these things have an enormous effect, some of which we can manipulate with drugs. So, for example, all drugs that are used to LDL in some way or another indirectly or directly impact the LDL receptor. Some do it really directly like a PCS can. And it might directly does that by targeting a protein that breaks down LDL receptors. So anyway, a long-winded way of saying, this is another advantage of APOB is it allows you to in one measurement capture all of that risk. Because if you have small, if you two individuals, if you're just using LDLP as your risk, you might miss some of the elevated BLDLs. If you're looking at LDLC, you'll clearly miss some of the size issues. That should be captured in LDLP. But again, I guess maybe what you're asking is, if you have a low APOB, but they're all small, is that worse than having a low APOB where they're all big. And the answer is probably, but you'll also see that in the, like, there are other metrics that are kind of coming on board now, which are looking at LDL triglyceride levels. So you can look at the degree to which the LDLs are cholesterol depleted. And that can also give you a sense of risk. The question is, is that a first or second order term, and I think the first order term is still going to be the number of particles. That's the biggest driver of risk. And everything else factors into it. In other words, that's not an independent risk because it's driven by the residents' time of the LDL, which is driven by the clearance rate. So let's talk about the number, so the LDL, I started the APOB number because, like, if most people go to a standard lab and they measure their APOB, there's a reference range. And it says, you know, okay, if you're less than 80 milligrams per decelerate or more. And you're excellent. Then you're, okay. Yeah. Where does that number come from? And, you know, what, like, has anyone measured APOB levels across the lifespan? Do we know, like, is there a correlation with APOB levels and the beginnings of authors? Grosses, has someone done those studies, you know, that sort of thing? Yeah. So the reference ranges are purely population-based distribution questions. So every lab will have a different way of doing this. But a general, you know, sort of philosophy for labs is, you know, so for the lab we use. And by the way, we completely ignore these reference ranges. But they're there. We can't avoid them. They're there. And we explained to our patients that we're going to editorialize on top of them. But, you know, the reference lab we use will say, APOB below 80 is wonderful. Well, 80 just happens to be the 20th percentile of the population. It will say, 82 100 is intermediate or 80 to 120, it says is intermediate risk and above 120 is very high risk. So for the lab we use, we know that 80 is the 20th percentile. 120 is the 80th percentile or the 60th percentile I can't remember. So it's, it's literally just putting you up against a population distribution. And that's it. Now, our philosophy on APOB is completely different. And as you may recall, I, I devote actually quite a bit of real estate to this in the book because I think it is such an important concept. And it is, in my opinion, certainly top three failures of medicine 2.0 is in failing to appreciate the point I'm about to make. Which is that once you understand the causality of APOB, meaning once you understand that APOB is not just associated with cardiovascular disease, but it's causally linked to it, meaning it causes a, c, b, d. To get into this discussion about managing tenure risk, thinking about being in this percent versus this percent, makes no sense. When you have causal things that cause disease, you will limit it to them. And the analogy I use is cigarettes with lung cancer. So nobody disputes that cigarettes are causally linked to lung cancer. They are. It's as clear as, you know, Tuesday follows Monday. But people forget that, you know, causality doesn't mean everybody who smokes will get lung cancer. And it doesn't mean that every person with lung cancer, smoke. So you, you don't need to necessary and sufficient, necessary or sufficient to still be causal. But our approach to patients who smoke is very clear, which is never smoke. And if you do smoke, stop immediately. Do we look at people who smoke and say, well, once your tenure risk of lung cancer reaches this threshold, we're going to tell you to stop smoking. Or once your pack year smoking is above the 50th percentile or the 80th percentile, we're going to tell you to stop. I'm absolutely not. You immediately eliminate smoking. And so similarly, it makes no sense that we would look at a causal driver of a, c, b, d in the case of a, b, and kind of take an approach of, well, being at the 20th percentile of the 30th percentile of the 40th percentile is acceptable. None of those things really makes sense. You have something that is causing the disease, you should eliminate it as soon as possible. Because it is an area under the curve problem. So after sclerosis begins at birth. When you do autopsies on people, they're very young. In fact, in the book include a photo of a guy who, you know, a man, I forget I think maybe 26 years old who was a victim of a homicide or something. So it completely unrelated death. But you look at the autopsie sections of his coronary arteries. I mean, he already had very advanced atherosclerosis. Now, it wasn't clinically relevant. It wasn't going to kill him anytime soon. But the point is this is a disease that takes decades to progress. And one of the biggest drivers of it, in addition to things like high blood pressure and smoking and insulin resistance is a, b. So to be able to take that off the table sooner, rather than later, is going to, has certainly has the potential to take atherosclerosis off its pedestal at the top of the list of killing. And so what do you, I mean, taking you, obviously can't take it off the table completely right when you need it for being. But what? Well, so, so, so, so, so let's think about it. Yeah, so, so let's start with what we know. ApoB rises with age. Right. We don't really know. There are probably a lot of little reasons. So there are, you know, endocrine changes, insulin resistance, synescence that, you know, might involve the decreased life of LDL receptors. There's no clear reason, actually. What about, so you were talking about clearance versus synthesis. And I remember our mutual friend, Ron Krauss, like I've had, you know, many conversations with him. I did my postdoc down the hall from the lab. Right. And I remember telling me that, you know, ApoB, your, your basically your liver is constantly producing it. You're making VLDL. Just just churning it out, right? And why is just going going? And we also make LDL denova, by the way. Right. Yeah, there's a denova pathway plus the VLDL tell the opact. But that, you know, the, the thing is, is that, you know, he was saying, well, from an evolutionary perspective, you're, you're making this VLDL because, as you mentioned, you know, it's transporting things throughout the body to other organs, right? Cluster all, trade, triglycerides, radiocids. It's also transporting, and this is where I was so intrigued, inflammatory protein. So cytokines, Cerec to protein also are being transported through VLDL. Now, that was important. Pre antibiotics, pre everything that we do now to combat, you know, infectious disease and viruses and bacteria, parasites, whatever. But before that time, the VLDL did serve that purpose, too. And that's why he thinks, you know, it's kind of a relic left over where the reason why we're constantly making is because it's a very large protein in size. It's like tens of millions of like, the unit versus like 50,000 or something. It's very big. And so it takes time to make it. And so I was thinking, well, like inflammation also does make it go up even further at the level of synthesis. I don't know exactly the clearance, you know, how it's regulating clearance. But do you think the aging process is mostly affecting the clearance of it? Or... My intuition is yes. My intuition is that it's primarily impacted on the clearance level, which is going to be again, some facet of LDLR, LDLR, beating LDLR receptors. So is it? We are making less of them. They are surviving less. The proteins that, you know, and that can basically done. There are many ways to regulate that process. But that's my intuition is it's less a conformational change in the LDLR and more a number of them and or a reduced amount of time that they stay present. One thing I'll add on the evolutionary front, you know, I had a guy named John Casteland on my podcast a few months ago. And he proposed a really interesting idea, which it completely makes sense evolutionarily, which you could argue sort of like we don't really need a poB. Like this is the other thing. Like most species don't have a poB. They don't require LDLR. But how I mean... They have cholesterol, but they don't, they don't, they don't require... Supporting all these, you know... You can do it with HDL. You can transport everything with HDL. Yeah. Yeah. They don't need the LDL. I think HDL was always going in reverse. Like it was bringing everything back to... No, it's actually much more complicated. I mean, and in us, LDL is doing the majority of what's called reverse cholesterol transport. So our CT, which is kind of like the good movement of cholesterol, you sort of think of the bad movement as taking cholesterol into the arteries, the good movement is taking it back to the liver, and us LDL is doing the majority of that. So HDLs are typically transferring their cholesterol to LDLs, and LDLs are bringing them back to the liver. But John made an interesting point, right, which is that, you know, in sort of following up on what you said, the evolutionary cost of making cholesterol is enormous. I mean, it's a very labor intensive step, right? I can't remember the number of ATPs that are required to make a molecule of cholesterol, but it's in the tens. Right? Like it could be 40 or something to that effect. And so we evolved to have a system that prioritized having a lot of cholesterol, being able to keep a lot of it around. Because again, this was an energy-conserving system. Now this serves us no benefit today, because today we can make plenty of it. And we are in an energy-abundant environment, which we were not in, that, you know, hundreds of thousands of years ago. And so this is a bit of an unfortunate vestige of our past. It much in the way that a lot of the things that lead to insulin resistance are a vestige to things that were once very valuable. I mean, the things that allowed us to leap up out of the swan with our swan with big brains was our primarily our capacity to store excess energy in a way that even primates can't get served us really well until 150 years ago. And I think the same is probably true of cholesterol in APOB. So going back to your question, how much APOB is enough? Well, it turns out you don't really need any of it to be perfectly fine. So if you look at a child, they're born with an LDL-Clystroller APOB level, typically below 20 milligrams per desolier. So a kid, if you think about it, has the greatest need for growth. Right? Like so, you think about the cholesterol demand of myelinating the entire central nervous system, all of the enormous explosion of straddle tissue, all of these things are done with lipoprotein levels that are incredibly low. Again, what we call physiologic levels of LDL cholesterol in APOB are in the order of 10 to 30 milligrams per desolier. And yet there are no negative consequences to such low levels of that lipoprotein burden. And it's only when we get, you know, would become teenagers and in our 20s, then we start to see those numbers go up. And again, that's really just reflected by a reduction in clearance, then some need for additional LDL. We don't have it. The majority of what we need is actually, you know, before the age of 20. Do you think so, like if you were to then estimate or speculate a level of APOB that you could say safely, well, I guess there's two things. One, you're not going to die about those sclerosis. If you maintain a level of blood. Yeah, so Peter Libby, from the Bregam, who's one of the authorities on this topic, has argued, and I reference him in my book that if you had an APOB level below about 30 milligrams per desolier, 20 to 30 milligrams per desolier, it wouldn't be possible to develop atherosclerosis. What about not dying from althoes? Like what about, like if it's the major cause of death globally? Yeah. And let's say like what it takes to get down to 30, probably is pretty aggressive. Yeah, most people cannot get down to 30 without a pharmacologic intervention. Yeah. Do you think that you would die of althoes growth as if you had, you know? If you're at 60. 60. Well, it comes down to a couple of other things. So the first thing is how long are you at 60? So if you say I've never exceeded 60, that's very different from saying, hey, I showed up and I was at 100 and 20 and you now lowered me to 60. So again, I think of, you know, I imagine like everybody walks around and you've got a graph that on the x-axis is time and on the y-axis is APOB and you have a curve and you want to figure out what the area under that curve is and that we want to minimize the area under that curve. So if you took, exactly. So if you took, so again, very similar to smoking, right? We talk about risk in pack years of smoking. So if a person smokes a pack a day for 20 years or two packs a day for, you know, 10 years, you know, you have a way of kind of comparing apples to apples on those things. So to have a lifetime ceiling of 60 would also be a very, very low risk individual, 60, no Lagrangian's predestilator is about the fifth percentile at the adult population level. So then that comes back to my question. Sorry, one of the measures right at across the lifespan when like, yeah, when do you start measuring this? Like, people aren't measuring their APOB and they're, you know, teenage at one. Yeah, I mean, I would argue we should be, but I want to go back and say one other thing about your question, which I should have mentioned earlier, which is, it also depends on other risk factors. So there are really four big things that are driving risk causally. APOB is one. Insulin resistance is one. Hypertension is one and smoking is one. Those are the big four. So you have to take everything you're saying on the APOB front and acknowledge that those other things are also causally linked to a, cbd. So again, it's, it's a difficult situation to imagine, but it's certainly at least theoretically plausible. You have somebody who's APOB is at 60, but they have uncontrolled hypertension type two diabetes and they smoke. I mean, you could certainly arrive at that situation pharmacologically. You're probably not going to arrive at that situation naturally. Would I say that that person is free and clear? No, I wouldn't. So we, you know, at the outside, I mentioned how the, you know, the downside of talking about a, cbd is this the number one killer. I mean, it's, you know, in fact, when you talk about it globally, the gap between a, cbd and cancer is even bigger. It's like 19 million people annually to 12 or 13 million for cancer. I mean, it's an enormous difference. But the good news is our understanding mechanistically of what drives this is so clear and our tools for prevention are some of the best and most benign. Okay. So let's say that a person is relatively healthy, you know, they're a community exerciseer, they're not in slow, I do want to talk about hypertension in slow resist, but okay, a healthy generalized, quote unquote healthy person, right? Want to lower their APOB, they want to try everything through diet, through lifestyle. And you mentioned there are some major, lifestyle dietary factors that can increase APOB. So let's talk about those. What are the major? So the big two are anything that contributes to insulin resistance. So we'll start with that. And that does so mostly through the VLDL triglyceride pathway. So we talked earlier about it how there are really two ways we make LDL, we make LDL directly. We've been most of the LDL is made through VLDL. So if you're exporting a lot of VLDL, what you're doing is both making a lot of that light-prepareting, but you also have a lot of triglyceride in it. Now something I didn't mention a moment ago that's worth restating or stating in the first place. The LDL is can't carrying around both cholesterol and triglyceride. And the more cholesterol there is, all things equal, the more LDL you need. But the same is true with triglyceride. So the first mechanism in which we see a very clear relationship between diet and APOB is the higher the burden of triglycerides, the higher the burden of APOB. To state this another way, if you take two people who have the exact same level of LDL cholesterol. And the same total cholesterol, but one has very high triglycerides in one has very low triglycerides. The former is going to have a much higher APOB. And therefore be at a much higher risk of atherosclerosis because they have more cargo and therefore require more ships in the analogy of cargo being cholesterol and triglycerides and the ships being the lipoproteins. So step number one is lower the triglyceride as much as possible. And the triglyceride being low is an enormous proxy for insulin sensitivity. So this is one of the important ways in which managing insulin resistance is a key to keeping APOB in check. And of course there are other issues as well. So insulin and glucose by themselves when elevated also create problems at the endothelial level, which becomes another mechanism by which this is problematic. It's pretty clearly observed from a dietary pattern perspective that carbohydrate restriction is the most effective tool a triglyceride reduction. All carbohydrates, I mean like vegetables foods, yeah refined and start to carbohydrates. Yeah. So, but that actually feeds really nicely into the next observation, which is what's the next dietary pattern that impacts APOB and that saturated fat consumption. And the reasons for that are too full. So the first is that saturated fat directly impacts cholesterol synthesis. Now this is not true equally of all saturated fats, but we don't really have great data on if certain saturated fats have a greater impact on cholesterol synthesis relative to others. For example, a C-16 might be potentially more so than a C-18 or a C-19. But again, what foods would you find a C-16? Oh, like a C-16 would be more in, I believe, like a coconut oil or a palm oil or something like that. Also, by the way, that would you would also see that more a C-16 like a palmate would be more of a synthesis would be more of a saturated fat you see in response to insulin resistance. So it actually be a denovo saturated fats synthesis. So perhaps so I think that's a big part of it. I think cholesterol synthesis is a big part of it. I think a bigger part of it might be that excess saturated fat inhibits the sterile binding, the sterile regulatory binding protein in the liver that results in fewer LDL receptors being made. So saturated fat therefore has two things that it's doing that are driving up a pob and the susceptibility of this varies from different individuals. So I was on a ketogenic diet for three years I was not one of the people who seemed to suffer from this. So even on a ketogenic diet where I was getting 80% of my calories from fat and probably half of that was saturated fat, I did not have any sort of obnoxious increase in my apob or LDL C or any of these metrics. Similarly, we have some patients who are on very low carb, very high-fat diets. Some of them have completely normal levels of and some of them have lipids that go absolutely haywire. So it's not entirely clear what the difference is but clearly there are different genes that will allow certain people to metabolize that saturated fat safely while others do not. So I'm not in the camp that believes that and there is an entire camp of people who believe this that if you're on a low carb high-fat diet and your apob and LDL C go through the roof it's it's not problematic. I don't believe that at all. I think that that's a very bold claim and I would not be willing to play that game. I think if your apob goes haywire, even if you're very insulin sensitive and even if you're in energy balance and all the wonderful things that might come with your ketogenic diet, I think you have to pay very close attention to if your lipids get out of whack. So those are basically your big manipulations dietary wise. It's the quantity and composition of fat and the dietary choices that address insulin sensitivity. So in the people that let's say they're eating a higher saturated fat diet if they swap that out with mono and saturated fat or even poly and saturated fat which some camps also like to demise the kind of poly and saturated fat. But if you swap that out the apob levels in our experience about half of the people who have this hyper response to saturated fat if you ISO colorically shift them to high mono and saturated fat you fix the problem. Yeah, okay. It starts to get into a little bit of an issue right which is and this is where you have to remember what problem you're solving. So for some people that's an easy switch, you know because they were kind of some people tend to go out of their way to try to eat as much saturated fat as possible. I'm not sure why like they sort of you know they're like okay while I'm doing this you know ketogenic diet and I'm just going to basically eat coconut oil and palm oil like it's my job. Yeah and so for those people you just got to say dude like stop doing it just like use all of oil on your salad and like let's be reasonable and then it fixes everything. But for other people you know it's it just can't be addressed and and I've heard other people say oh you know this is crazy like we know that you know excessive fat restriction in the diet will lower cholesterol and that's true. I mean if you go on a really draconian fat lowering diet you will lower your cholesterol. My view clinically is that makes very little sense because that usually comes with a whole bunch of other issues. So a lot of times when I see people on these excessively restrictive fat lowering diets actually become insulin resistant a lot of them because they're really over-consuming a lot of poor carbs and they're suffering other consequences of really low fat intake. Now again this doesn't mean that a low fat diet is necessarily problematic. The devil's in the details here just like you know the devil's in the details on what constitutes a reasonable versus an unreasonable low carb diet. But the point I try to make to people is I believe that using nutrition to solve the lipid problem is not a good solution. I think use nutrition to solve the nutrition problem. Use nutrition to address energy balance, protein needs, antabolic structure, energy all of these other things and let your lipids fall where they may because this is one of the few areas in medicine where we have amazing pharmacologic tools. Most of medicine doesn't really have great pharmacology if you stop to think about it like you know I'm great there's nothing pharmacologically that's adding brilliance to our Alzheimer's prevention strategy or our cancer prevention strategy. I mean we have some stuff but it's nothing compared to what we can do with blood pressure and lipid management. So I always say it's hard enough to find the right diet that's going to work for you in terms of your ability to be compliant with it your ability to be within energy balance which is the single most important thing your ability to be insulin sensitive your ability to get adequate amounts of protein. If you solve that with a low fat diet that also happens to keep your lipids low great but if you solve that with a higher fat diet that does everything perfect for you except your lipids go haywire don't put your head in the sand and act like having lipids that have gone haywire is a good thing no just acknowledge it's not a good thing but we can fix it with again myriad tools that didn't exist 20 years ago. Are there are there people that are genetically have genetically low ApoB and if so what's their cardiovascular mortality they're all cause mortality? Yeah so there are people so it turns out ApoB and LDLC are highly genetic which is what has allowed us to do the Mendelian randomization studies that act as one of the you know there are basically three cornerstones of data that make it unambiguously clear of the relationship between LDL or ApoB and ASCVD so you have all of the epidemiologic data which again epidemiology is rife with problems but you know when the data is pretty much all in the same direction and you have the dose effect and all these other things it becomes quite helpful you have all the clinical trial data which I would divide into primary and secondary prevention data and then you have the Mendelian randomization data which again for listeners is basically anytime there is a biologic variable of interest that is under a high degree of genetic control and produces a high degree of variability in the population you can look at how nature has basically randomized that across people and you can look at outcomes of interest so in the case of LDLC because we know it is highly genetic right this is clear in that and I don't just mean in extreme cases but just across a population you can see that lower life lung exposure to ApoB or LDL produces lower ASCVD risk over a lifetime so using this we can say there are people that really low and high extreme so with a high extreme you have the people who have what's called familial hypercluster lemia which is a genetically heterogeneous disease meaning there are literally thousands of mutations that result in a similar phenotype the phenotype is defined as having an LDL cholesterol off medication of more than 190 milligrams per desoliter and there's a couple of other criteria but just to give you a sense of how high the LDL needs to be to meet that criteria um at the other end of this spectrum we have these people with very very low LDLC or ApoB and the most interesting group of these are the people who are folks that have a hypo functioning gene for PCSK9 so Helen Hobbs made this discovery in probably the early 2000s my vague recollection I remember reading this paper when it came out it was a really mind boggling paper call it like somewhere 2004 2005 2006 somewhere in that neighborhood which is hey there these people walking around with LDLC of like 10 to 20 milligrams per desoliter and and these are adults right so you normally we just never see that in adults and they weren't doing anything different right they just like they weren't on some crazy diet or clearly weren't taking any and these people worked found to have a mutation in their PCSK9 gene that rendered a hypo functioning protein and PCSK9 is a protein that degrades LDL receptors now another subset of these people their mirror opposites were discovered several years earlier which had a hyper functioning PCSK9 gene or a hyper a gene that produced a hyper functioning protein and these people had sky high LDL cholesterol they were a subset of the familiar hyper cholesterolemia syndromes and these people weren't and what was interesting to note and uh is that they just didn't develop cardiovascular disease so um I can't tell you what their life expectancy is because I haven't I haven't looked at those data but what I did confirm is they have no increase in the incidence of any other disease so in other words they're absent a cvd but they don't make up for it with more cancer and more neurodegenerative disease or more diabetes that's that's interesting for a couple of reasons one uh you see on Twitter a lot you know the very you know and just the hyper focused very low carb community that's like you know they they share studies about oh low cholesterol people with low cholesterol have a higher all cause mortality they're more likely to die from you know all these different causes of death. Yeah the problem with those studies is um I mean they're I'll only address this once because I've done so much addressing this that I realize you you you can only waste so much time preaching to an audience that actually has no interest in understanding the truth um but just to give you an example of the type of biases that creep into those studies when you look at people who have very low LDL cholesterol you're sampling a subset of people who are at very high risk for a disease typically two diseases right when you have very high LDL you are at risk of a cvd cerebral vascul disease and Alzheimer's disease and all causes of dementia so therefore the people who are at high risk for those are typically the people at a population level who have the lowest level because they're being treated the most aggressively so this is kind of the problem with that stuff. I'll give you an example there's a clear association in the epidemiology it doesn't come up often but it's come up from time to time that the lower the LDL cholesterol the higher the risk of cancer. This is a great example of when Mendelian randomization becomes very valuable because you can actually go back and look at the genes that are controlling LDL you can look at how those are spread out and you can ask the question once you just look at the random assignment of those genes that control LDL cholesterol does that have any bearing on cancer outcome and the answer is unequivocally know it does not so when you do the MR you get the answer that the EP is clearly confounding with something else which is in other words low LDL at the population level is a proxy for other illness this is the issue here. Yes thank you the other interesting point was with the actual gene that you were mentioning the PCS canine right so when you were talking about we have pharmacological interventions that do very nicely lower APB one of them is PCS canine inhibitors exactly came right out of Pelham Hobbes observation so I wanted let's you know let's touch on the the pharmacological treatments but also the PCS kind of canine inhibitors they're not necessarily available to everyone at the start right out the gate and then I want to get your thoughts on some of the the base editing trials that have started looking at literally like you're doing a gene at it you know and you're changing you know a nucleotide to essentially make a PCS canine you get. Or the people that you're talking about walking around right with no ASCB. So okay so let's maybe just talk broadly about what the different pharmacologic strategies are right so the very first drug that was ever used to lower lipids was a was a drug called got I almost blanked on the name of this like tribe tribe Paranol so this was done in the 1950s yeah well there's a reason you never heard of it right so it turned out to be a really bad drug so there was there was there was there used to be a day when again in the 1950s in 1996 we just didn't know what the hell was going on so the idea was if you came up with any drug that lowered cholesterol it must be a good thing well it turned out this drug lowered cholesterol by inhibiting an enzyme that was the final enzyme in the step that we used to make cholesterol so we make cholesterol using two pathways but one of the pathways results in a molecule called desamastoral which gets converted into cholesterol so there's an enzyme that facilitates that and this drug blocked that enzyme and as the result cholesterol levels went down and although no one was really paying attention to time desamastoral levels went sky high and it lowered cholesterol so on the basis of that this drug was approved and back at the time that was the only thing you were monitoring was total cholesterol but it was found that the patients on this drug even they had lower cholesterol had a higher incidence of heart attacks so the drug was ultimately pulled in the 1960s we now know today that it was almost assuredly the case that the desamastoral was even more athrogenic than the cholesterol or at least as athrogenic so fast forward to the 1980s the next class of drugs is developed called biol acid sequesterence we didn't really get into the life cycle of cholesterol so it might be worth doing that now because it'll make sense in the context of the drug so every cell in the body is making cholesterol so just think path one synthesis of cholesterol if you synthesize less cholesterol that's one way to lower it as you noted all that cholesterol is making its way back to the liver when the liver gets the whole of all that cholesterol it's putting a lot of it into bile and we're using bile acids to digest food so as bile via the bile duct is entering the small intestine it is full of cholesterol the body reabsorbs much of that cholesterol so each of the enteric sites which are the gut cells that line your intestine they have a couple of transporters on them so one of the transporters on them it's called a nemen pixie one like one transporter it absorbs all of the sterols and this is I use the word sterile very carefully to distinguish it here from just cholesterol this is zoo sterile and plant sterile which is or an animal sterile which is called cholesterol it absorbs that all there are basically regulatory steps inside the cell the determine how much of that should be kept and how much should be excreted and a fraction of that then gets excreted through an ATP binding cassette so point being that's a second point of regulation at the absorption site but again this is not the cholesterol we eat this is unesteroified cholesterol that's easy to get in and out of the body a sterified cholesterol can't be absorbed and most of the cholesterol we eat is a sterified that's why we just poop it out um so bile acids sequesterence which were the first version of drugs the second version I guess of drugs to the cholesterol which are not used today blocked that process in a very crude mechanical way they sequestered the bile acids and dragged all the cholesterol out the GI tract they were not a very successful class of drugs and not the least of which because the side effects were pretty bad so it really wasn't until the mid to late 80s probably I think 1987 if my memory serves me correctly that the first statin came to be developed and that was the real turning point in um basically the you know pharmacologic tool that became valuable against ASVD now the first second and third generation statins of that era are no longer in use today because their side effect profile was very harsh relative to what we can do today so there are currently seven statins in in existence uh and each of them you know offers some strengths and advantages over others and they're not a benign class of drugs so to be clear they're an effective class of drug they're very effective at lowering uh LDL cholesterol they work by inhibiting the first committed step of cholesterol synthesis they do that everywhere but primarily in the liver and their response of the liver when cholesterol synthesis is being shut down the liver says I got to get more cholesterol in here and what does it do it puts a whole bunch more LDL receptors all over the liver and that's what's primarily driving down LDL in the presence of a statin but the side effects are what well about seven percent of people develop muscle aches on statin so that's a if you think about how many people are on those drugs or how many people are prescribed those drugs that's a huge number the good news is that's a completely reversible side effect so you put a person on a statin they experience muscle soreness you take them off it's gone within a week or two um the other big side effect the one that I probably think about the most is insulin resistance so um a very small set of subset of people about the point four percent of people put on a statin might go on to develop type two diabetes as a result of it now I I think any doctor who lets a patient get to the point where they get type two diabetes because of their statin isn't been paying attention we want to know the minute you're becoming insulin resistant in response to the statin and those data are less clear you don't know exactly how many people are getting insulin resistant but this isn't a reason to be paying attention to bigger markers and more important markers than just hemoglobin A1C trips over the threshold of 6.5 percent you have type two diabetes here you want to be able to say is the hemoglobin A1C moving what's happening to the fasting insulin and glucose in these other markers does a patient where a CGM one of the reasons we like CGMs on patients when we put them on statins is we we have a historical level of what their glucose control looks like and if all of a sudden their baseline average glucose goes up by 10 milligrams per desoliter which I've seen in patients on a statin I know it's you know that's not just a quick dietary trigger especially when you take them off the statin it comes right back down to normal so even though they haven't become you know they haven't gone to level of being diabetic they're clearly becoming insulin resistant and the third thing we see with statins is change in or increase in the transaminases or the liver function tests liver function test is a bit of a misnomer because the transaminases really tell us more about inflammation than function so all that said statins are still kind of you know they're doing the lions share of the work in this area but by no means should we say that that's the only thing that we have at our disposal about 20 years ago another drug called is that a mind for a second ask you about statins yeah yeah of course because I have a lot I have some questions about them so and and I'll never forget this conversation that again I had with our mutual friend one cross because he worked down the hall I worked down the hall from him and I collaborated with some of his postdocs and you know they would come over and show me data and we would talk because you know I had a lot of experience in asking mitochondrial function and mitochondrial biology during graduate school and I remember saying this to Ron I'm like you know so statins are affecting the HMG co-a-pap that you mentioned the cholesterol synthesis with which also is important for the synthesis of ubiquinol right this is an important or you co-cute tennis probably call it this is important for mitochondrial function I mean it's necessary for mitochondrial function for transferring electron electrons across the electron transport chain which is essentially coupling the oxygen we breathe with the food that we need to make energy and I remember saying oh so statins have a side effect of targeting mitochondria and he said to me no it's a direct effect so what are your thoughts on how statins are affecting mitochondria and through this pathway and obviously you might mention supplementation with a you know you're basically really good. We're big when all right measuring mitochondrial function in terms of B2 max something yep so it's a great question actually and something I have thought a lot about so the the literature has nothing to offer here unfortunately so so I wish I could say you know Rhonda the answer is this because here's what the literature says here's what I can tell you and this is not going to be a satisfying answer if there is an impact on mitochondrial function with statin use it's very small based on what I consider to be the single best measurement we have to measure mitochondrial function which is zone two testing with lactate production so I know you know what this is because we talk about this stuff all day long but just for folks listening this requires a little bit of explanation but it's very important and I think it's I'm glad you brought this up so everybody understands what the mitochondria do if they're you know listeners of your podcast we don't need to explain the mitochondria but it's important to understand that a functional test is a very important test in medicine we don't have many functional tests right most of the things we talk about are biomarkers and by themselves they don't tell you a huge amount of information they tend to be quite static and not dynamic but we understand that the healthier and individual is the more they can rely on their mitochondria for ATP generation under increasing demands of the cell this is one of the hallmarks of health and by extension one of the hallmarks of aging and one of the hallmarks of disease is an inability to do that meaning as the ATP demand on a cell goes up there is an earlier and earlier shift to glycolysis as opposed to oxidative phosphorylation so how do we how can we measure that clinically well we can put a person in because we can't you know rather than test a cell let's test the whole organism right so we put a person in sort of an ergonometer right so in a treadmill or on a bike or under some sort of demand where we can control the work that they have to do and we can drive up the amount of work they do while sampling lactate and why does that tell us well just remind everybody you know glucose enters a cell and it basically has two fates right so glucose will be converted into pyruvate regardless it has the fate at which oxygen is plentiful and the body has the time to make a lot of ATP where it goes into the mitochondria and it has the less efficient but quicker way to get ATP which is converting lactate apart from me pervivate into lactate so this is the glycolytic pathway versus the oxidative phosphorylidic pathway the longer a cell can stay in that mitochondrial space the better it is it makes way more ATP and it accumulates less lactate and hydrogen ion and the more lactate and hydrogen ion you accumulate eventually the cell becomes effectively poison by that hydrogen ion and it becomes very difficult for a muscular cell to contract so we use this test with patients this is one of the most important metrics we care about literally it would be in the top 10 things we care about for our patients which is how many watts can you produce on a bike or how many mets can you exercise at on a treadmill or whatever vehicle you're using while keeping lactate below about two millimole two millimole is about the threshold beyond which you are now shifting away from the maximum capacity of the mitochondria to undergo this process okay all of this is to say I have clearly seen the effect of a drug like metformin at impacting that metformin which is a mitochondrial toxin right metformin impairs complex one of the mitochondria we immediately see a change in the lactate performance curve of an individual on metformin we see a complete reduction in their zone to output they hit that lactate of too much sooner we also see an increase not big but significant meaning clinically significant in their fasting resting lactate level so all things equal their lactate is just getting higher to me by the way I don't know if that's necessarily harmful I don't think it's a good idea which is why I don't believe in metformin as a geroprotective agent I think metformin is a good drug for someone who's diabetic if they can't exercise enough and they can't get into energy balance but I don't think metformin is a great drug for someone like you or someone like me we don't see this with statins so if it's happening it does dependent or not just don't see it yeah just don't just don't see it so it could be happening but we don't have the resolution to measure it so that's why I'm saying like I think one always has to have the humility which I hope I have to say look I don't know but what I do know is if there's an effect there it's it's really small now you mentioned ubiquinol or coq10 and there are two states of it ubiquinol and ubiquinol but ubiquinol would be the state we would want to consider here there have been a number of clinical trials looking at using or supplementing ubiquinol with patients taking statins they have mostly done this to assess the muscle soreness issue so they've mostly done this as a way to ask the question can you reduce the incidence the incidence rather of muscle soreness with statins I haven't looked at those literature in a couple of years the last I looked at them there was still no difference that said we have patients that really feel strongly about taking ubiquinol when they're on a statin and I don't have any issue with that I don't think there's any harm in taking it I really don't think there is and if there's a chance of benefit then I would say let's take it but again I unless something has happened in the last couple of years that I'm unaware of I don't think we have great data that ubiquinol offsets that and more importantly to your point it's not clear to me that that effect translates to a functional deficit in the mitochondria when you're measuring so using the zone to lactate threshold training to kind of measure mitochondrial function so buying the lactate meter nova, nova biometicular something like that yeah it's like a yellow purple one I got it per year like recommendation but for people listening if they want to to get one but also knowing like how you know because there's when you when you go to like any sort of if you were to go talk to an exercise physiologist and you say lactate threshold like they kind of know and they're going to push you up they're going to lactate threshold is a different number right so this is like lower level this is below your lactate threshold yeah this is lower so how do people know like like let's say they have a Peloton at home okay and they get on their Peloton and they want to do a zone to test okay can you somehow use a you know percent max rate a heart rate sorry max heart rate like proxy to kind of know like yeah there are lots of different ways to estimate this and to be clear like I'm one of the very few people that is checking his lactate every you know every day that he's on his bike which is four days a week for me and by the way I'm also doing it while using all the other metrics that I'll explain in a moment mostly just in an ever never ending quest to just have as much data as possible to understand when is lactate the best predictor when was RPE the best predictor when was heart rate the best predictor when was absolute wattage the best predictor like there there's a lot of stuff going on here so first thing I always say to people namely my patience when they say I don't want to get that lactate meter I don't want to be poking myself in the finger I'm like great don't you don't have to there are like other ways that you can pretty much approximate your zone to output and the only reason I brought up the whole lactate testing is it is the gold standard and it is the most objective way to do this and therefore if I'm trying to really understand the impact of saying that form and are a statin that's what I want to do but let's put that aside from moment and answer the the relevant question which is hey how does someone exercise in this zone I think the most important you know tool for for virtually anybody is rate of perceived exertion I think that will almost never let you down in fact I would argue that for a really really out of shape and individual rate of perceived exertion is even better than lactate and the reason for that is you take somebody who's got for example type two diabetes they're resting lactate may already be at two so in those patients we actually never use lactate until you get somebody to a certain level of fitness we only use rate of perceived exertion and we will provide heart rate guidance so here's two ways to think about it RPE rate perceived exertion we give people the test which is the talk test so when you are in zone two you should be able to speak to somebody but it should be uncomfortable and not something you want to do if you can't speak you're out of zone two if it's real if you can't speak in a full sentence you're not in zone two anymore you're your your north of zone two if you can speak the way you and I are speaking now you're you're not working hard enough you're too far below it so there is that sweet spot where if you're on that Peloton and the phone rings and you answer it the person knows your exercising and you're going to let them do most of the talking but if I ask you a question and you have to answer it you'll you'll answer it and you can speak in a full sentence but you're not that comfortable that's the single most important thing people need to understand about it as far as what heart rate guidance comes with it film affetone uses a test that I think is a pretty good starting place which is 180 minus your age now the fitter you are the less relevant that becomes so I'm 50 so that would put me at 130 but I can tell you my zone two is above 130 so if your fitter you may add five to 10 to that I my I use another app that checks my HRV every single morning and it predicts my zone two as a result of my HRV and so every day what I'm doing is I'm looking at the heart rate predicted by the app which can vary by as much as 10 beats per minute based on how much I slept the quality of my sleep house so I am a subjective measurement of how much I want to train that day and my HRV so it's what happens it's called Morpheus yeah so I have no affiliation with anything like that so so basically so this morning I got up my HRV was I don't remember 708 milliseconds slept seven hours 15 minutes good quality sleep not so are felt good so I actually had a pretty high target today my target today was 141 was the heart rate on a day that's about as high as it will predict me to be on a on a day when everything sucks it might tell me as low as 129 usually it's about 136 137 138 is where it's predicting and that's generally aligning with where my lactate is where what that'll generally put me at a lactate about 1.9 and then on top of that I'm paying attention to the water so I kind of know where to be but again for somebody just starting out RPE is all you need to know 180 minus your age is good and then the if a person is fit enough that they truly know their maximum heart rate we tell them to start at somewhere between 75 and 80% of that number great recommendations if so if a person is specifically trying to do this functional mitochondrial test how long should they be in that zone two before they can measure their lactate we'd we'd like to see people there for 30 to 45 minutes okay we do it yeah so a true steady state awesome so I kind of want to the the other going back circling back to the statins and here's here's my question to you okay what questions do you think I should be asking and looking in the literature to convince myself that let's say a leipophilic statin that could you know cross the blood brain barrier get into the brain inhibit you know HM Koy in the brain particularly at higher doses but generally speaking what what question should I be asking myself to convince myself that it's not going to put me at a higher risk for both of the neurodegenerative disease that I'm terrified about one Alzheimer's disease I have a genetic it's family history genetic risk factor and Parkinson's disease family history both of those diseases have been associated with statin use they've also been the literature as you know is you know you can find what you want right so do you have any you know if I did I did a recent AMA on this although it might not be out yet I lose track of when I record them and when they come out so I apologize if it hasn't come out yet but I did an entire AMA on this topic because it is so important and I think it's as you said it's so confusing so I was actually surprised to learn this I'm surprised to learn that there has never oh I shouldn't have been surprised but forget this here's what it is there is never been a study done that has looked at the use of statins and the incidence of Alzheimer's disease or dementia as a primary outcome why is that important it's important because in clinical research the primary outcome is the only thing you can really take to the bank because that's what the study is powered to detect there are more than a dozen probably less than 25 so a big number of studies call it 15 16 that have used statins have had a primary outcome of ASCVD but a secondary outcome of dementia or Alzheimer's disease and I looked at every single one of those and I can tell you that every single one of those found neutral to benefit of statin use on the incidence of dementia and the incidence of Alzheimer's disease so that includes vascular dementia and clinical yeah I mean that sort of makes more sense Parkinson's disease have you seen have you looked at the literature on that so Parkinson's is a little bit more confusing because the literature is way more sparse but I do want to go back and talk about Alzheimer's disease because I think there's an important caveat to everything I just said what I basically oh the other point I want to make around it this actually surprised me there was no difference between hydrophobic and hydrophilic statins with respect to the to these outcomes okay no difference whatsoever so counter intuitive but no difference whatsoever so even though again you might think well gosh you know a statin that gets in the brain should have more of an impact but it didn't it didn't seem to have there are difference in those two types of statins with respect to the diabetes increased diabetes risk that you're talking about or it's not really good question I I didn't look at that and that wasn't looked at in this yeah yeah here's what I can tell you the highest incidence of diabetes is probably with a torvist statin but that might also be because a torvist statin is the most widely used like I don't we we basically first well there's only four statins that I think are even worth prescribing these days maybe only three and I treat them all equally in terms of risk in other words I would assume anytime you put somebody on a statin you should be looking for any of the side effects and I don't particularly I because again at the you might say the population level it's different but at the individual level who cares you it's it's either one or zero you're going to get it or you're not what's what's statins or those what the ones that we would prescribe would be Resuvis statin or Crestor or Torvist statin or Lipitore, Petavis statin, Livolo and sometimes we use Previst statin or Prevical but pretty rarely but so usually those those would be big for now here's what I would say and this is something that we spend an awful lot of time looking at in our practice and and actually just last week Tom Day Spring gave us an internal presentation that was so incredible it was months in the making looking at the relationship between statin use and Desmosterall levels and dementia risk so you may recall a moment ago I mentioned Desmosterall so Desmosterall is well let's back up remember I said there were two cholesterol synthesis pathways well in the CNS really only you have one pathway and it's the pathway that goes through Desmosterall to cholesterol so Desmosterall levels are actually a decent proxy for sit-brain cholesterol synthesis. Lathastorall which is the penultimate molecule in the other pathway is more of a proxy for peripheral cholesterol synthesis. At these measured you can measure these on a very difficult to measure in most labs we use a lab that measures them so we measure Desmosterall and col-end with austral and every patient with every blood draw. Unfortunately this is not standard of care most labs can't measure this. Boston heart does this so we that's why we use Boston heart. There are enough data suggesting that if Desmosterall levels are very low the risk of AD does indeed go up and the risk of dementia beyond AD goes up. So this is kind of what I would describe as personalized medicine slash medicine 3.0 at its finest which is you have to treat every patient individually and we're doubly careful in patients with an APOE4 gene and or a family history and in those patients based on the literature and I'd be happy to send you Tom's presentation he would not have a hard time with me sharing that even those kind of an internal presentation. I could share with you the recording Tom made because we recorded the internal meeting because it was so valuable but basically the cutoff we use is 0.8. So if Desmosterall falls below 0.8 milligrams per desoliter we think the risk of dementia is high enough that we would abort the use of the statin. Very good information and you think there is a correlation with APOE status on that. No one has done that study yet. In your in your clinical but in our clinical practice we just decided like why would we take the risk but yes no one has done the study to show our Desmosterall levels lower in APOE4 individuals that's actually a very testable hypothesis and it makes a lot of sense because we know APOE is heavily involved in cholesterol activity in the brain and so it wouldn't be surprising to me if you put people into three buckets zero alleles one allele or two allele e4 alleles and then just looked at Desmosterall levels like that would be a very easy mindless study to do just a survey like just a quick is the recorrelation yes or no. So that's one thing I'd love to know the answer to. But even absent that knowledge our view is there's there's simply no reason to take the risk. In earlier I said it makes no sense to go on some crazy obscure diet that has a whole bunch of unintensive consequences just to control your lipids. Well I would make the exact same statement here it makes no sense to get all to take unnecessary risks with statins in a higher risk individual when we have these other tools we have as I we talked about or we will talk about is that a my PCS can nine inhibitors Bampadouac acid these are unbelievable tools that have no bearing on brain cholesterol synthesis. But Peter aren't people that have an APOE4 little more likely to be prescribed statins based on their their allele particle number by their physician because of physician doesn't look at their none of this this isn't personalized it's not medicine three points right so yeah no it's very frustrating and it's also frustrating that of those three drugs that all the that are an alternative to statins two of them are still very expensive. Okay so the three drugs I know the PCS canine inhibitor and highly effective insanely safe zero side effects cheaper than when they came out so they were approved in 2015 and we have long term data with the match people walking around with the natural mutation right just amazing yeah exactly we have the natural experiment we have all of the data from these drugs and these these drugs have been tested in really good trials and they've gone head to head with every drug and they always win and there's no side effects but they're expensive right there it's a $500 a month drug in the in the United States it's cheaper outside of this country so everything's better out of the US when it comes to drug pricing but in the US you're talking about $500 a month for that drug if it's not covered by your insurance company right and if you can get a doctor to say I'm going to prescribe it to you I mean like I mean at this point a doctor who doesn't who's not willing to prescribe a PCS canine inhibitor it just is a fool so it's just a question of the the cost because unfortunately most insurance companies will not cover it unless you meet certain criteria such as having familiar hypercustrialemia or having already had a cardiac event like a heart attack and not being able to tolerate a statin what about my opathy like if you have muscle yes significant my opathy on multiple statins but you'd also have to be at high enough risk to justify it so insurance companies are going to go out of their way to not pay for this okay then you have is that a vibe now is that my is relatively inexpensive it's just not as potent so is that a my also effectively serves to increase the LDL receptors on the liver but it does so by empowering cholesterol reabsorption so it blocks one of those two transporters I was talking about in the gut the first one and by blocking that the body is absorbing way less of its own cholesterol and the liver senses that and the liver says hey I got to get more cholesterol puts more LDL receptors on pulls it out of circulation um it's not as potent and as a monotherapy the only times we see really head over heels responses are in patients who have defective ATP binding cassettes in their gut and we measure that by looking at phytosterol levels so we measure two things one is called cytostral one is called compestral those are phytosterols so these are cholesterol we don't make it's zusterol uh or put me it's it's phytosterol not zusterol and so when we measure those levels we know that it speaks to how much plant sterol is being absorbed and not being excreted and so when patients have really really high levels of phytosterols you know they have a defective ATP binding cassette and those patients respond really well to is that amybic it it's it's like a blockbuster in those people wow is that a common single nucleotide polymorphism? um you know it depends how how extreme it is so it's not uncommon to see people who are above the 90th percentile but I've only seen like probably three people that have a level that is so high you'd actually be concerned with it just in and of itself meaning like the actual level because phytosterols are actually more atherogenic than cholesterol and that's also like Boston Heart would measure all these phytosterols okay um they're more atherogenic than cholesterol yeah more prone to oxidation more inflammatory are they being carried in lipopropoid teens there yeah so so oxidized they're more oxidized they're more oxidizable and this is by the way is a reason that we don't favor the practice of using phytosterols to lower cholesterol so there are a lot of sort of over-the-counter treatments where people use phytosterols to lower their cholesterol and they it does so if you ingest a ton of phytosterols you will outcompete cholesterol at that enterocyte and your body will regulate and you'll end up net reabsorbing less total cholesterol um the problem with that is if you have a defective ATP binding cassette which again it's not that uncommon that you do you will end up really absorbing a lot of those phytosterols and again they can so this is a sort of an example of that disemostral point earlier where you can lower cholesterol but if you're really raising disemostral too much it can be more atherogenic than cholesterol in the first place so disemostral has shown up twice today it showed up in a good sense and in a bad sense so too much of it if you're using a drug that blocks the enzyme that comes after it that was the thing it was producing too much atherosclerosis in the 60s to little of it could be a marker of two little cholesterol synthesis in the brain and that can be a whole problem on it and it's all the final drugs we can just wrap this up because I'm sure the listeners are tired of hearing about this stuff is a drug called bambadoc acid it is a pro drug it's a very elegant drug it's taken as a pill but it's ineffective until it's metabolized by the liver and in the liver it then inhibits cholesterol synthesis what makes this drug special is unlike statins this drug only works in the liver so statins work throughout the body they do most of their work in the liver but technically every cell is impacted by a statin only hepatocytes are impacted by bambadoc acid and it lowers a same way lowers cholesterol synthesis liver says I need more cholesterol put more LDL receptors up pulls more LDL in LDL and cholesterol go down but no side effects no tetradibities nothing nothing it's just it's only acting in the liver well that sounds the same problem as PCS can9 inhibitor it's a $500 a month drug okay yeah so again we we we'd we'd have every look honestly at this point like if money were on a we're not issue you'd probably just be on PCS can9 inhibitors is that am I and bambadoc acid I mean eventually look at there right yeah you just have to come down and price for people that want to like more clear picture of the plaque accumulation in their in their arteries in their in their basket or system um the best way to do it I think of her it about ct and gggm ct and gggm okay and is that something you know like you think people should start a certain age or certainly if they have measured their you know I abo b and yeah I mean you know I think there's there's different ways to think about this you know I I think there's a principle in medicine that most doctors try to adhere to which is don't order a test unless there's a chance the test will change your management um then it's it's easy to deviate from that I certainly know I do at times but but as a general rule I try to ask myself the question before I order this test how will the outcome change what I do with this patient so through that lens you could make a case that the only time you should be ordering a ct angiogram is with if you go through the following experiment which is if it comes back normal how will it change what I do if it comes back abnormal how will it change what I do so if if if you were sitting in my office and I said well look Rhonda your 35 years old your apob is really high your family history is such that people get cardiovascular disease and your family meaning you know it's not like you've got a bunch of relatives who are in their 90s who have never had a cardiac event so you don't have some genetic protection of cardiovascular disease um do I need a ct angiogram in you to convince me to do anything because the truth of it is at 35 your ct angiograms gonna be normal I mean it might not be mine wasn't at 35 but it probably will be for most people and if it's normal will I then say we don't need to do anything about this no because that sort of like saying you're a smoker who has a normal ct scan you don't yet have lung cancer therefore we should let you keep smoking no we should stop you from smoking so in other words I just wouldn't have a huge appetite for doing that test in you there are other patients at the other end of the spectrum where you know they come to me there's 75 years old their apob is through their roof but I noticed like all the relatives live to be 100 and they never had heart disease and I look at them and I think do I really want to put this person on lipid lowering medicine at the ages 75 why don't we do a ct a if the ct a is normal which by some miracle it could be I don't think we need to do something there's clearly something this person has going on that is beyond our understanding of the science so far so in that sense I wouldn't do anything about the way I think about it is there's a two by two which is age versus finding positive or negative I think ct angiograms are mostly helpful when they have a positive finding any young person or a negative finding an old person that's where it can really cause you to act differently outside of those findings I eat positive findings in old people are to be expected negative findings in young people are to be expected I think you should just track the biomarkers of interest and go off that risk okay I mean like is a 45 year old considered I would still put that in a young category yeah especially for a woman you think that ct angiogram would still kind of look maybe good it should and again I would only think about it through the lens of if the patient is hesitant like so so we we we had a new patient you know that started a couple of weeks ago he'd never had one of these tests before but he had a lot of risk factors right elevated apob elevated LP little A I mean two big risk factors and but but insanely healthy individual but very very healthy individual so so on the surface like nobody thought anything of this this person we decided we were going to treat him regardless and he was completely unbored with that but the question was how aggressively would we treat and we said let's let the cta decide that if the cta comes back clean as a whistle we're going to treat you to like an apob of 60 which is still aggressive by most people standards by our standards it's sort of middle of the road aggression if the cta comes back and there's a problem meaning you have calcification and soft plaque we're going to treat you to 30 or 40 so they are the cta helped us make a difference at a real treatment difference and this is a person who's you know middle age so not too old not to you that makes a lot of sense um before we you know kind of shift gears and let's test some other things I want to ask you about um have you looked like I know I know you've mentioned it's been a mini years since I've heard you talk about burbering but I you know every once in a while I'll get a question and I decide I want to dive into literature and see if there's anything right so that happened recently which even I did a deep dive into burbering and it's effect on you know clearing away existing plaque on lowering you know LDL particle number possibly total LDL cholesterol level but um I was surprised why did you find so there was a systematic review and it was 2022 I believe and these are all like we need this is the sparse data right it's a systematic review of what the existing literature was which isn't a huge body of evidence but there was a bunch of studies that looked at burbering and you know varying doses and then looking at it in conjunction with statins or comparing it to statins or comparing it to a placebo and in it pretty much to me was convincing that it was beneficial in every in every single scenario so burbering a lot burbering alone was um lowering the LDL cholesterol and I can't remember if it was particle number but it was an interesting burbering is also a mitochondrial toxin really yeah burbering is an analog of metformin so it's a complex one inhibitor is it? yeah wow I didn't know that it was like it was to me it looking really beneficial where it was like I'm not saying that wouldn't be I'm just saying sort of pointing out because it's interesting is there literature showing that there's like a in vitro kind of thing where it's like a nightmare it's been so long since I've looked at burbering but but burbering is kind of a poor man's metformin okay well it was and that's the way I thought about it I think I had heard you talk about it years ago maybe on tins podcast I don't remember it was a long time ago yeah and that's kind of where I even first heard a burbering was you and I remember because I was like going for a run it was when I lived in Oakland and then I was like burbering what's that and I remember you talking about it in the context of I think metabolic health yeah yeah and it's something yeah but um this data on the lipids was very interesting and I linked it up and yeah what's the magnitude of a fact I don't like you you the document it's in that document it's linked I have the studies the meta analysis you can look at it because I don't remember everything and but what I do know is it also lowered the side effects of statin my opathy also was one in particular it lowered the dose effective dose of statins that was needed to you know lower the LDL interest cholesterol very interesting right and so I was like you know I actually ordered some burbering like maybe I should test this and see you know and it's there there companies like thorn that I ordered thorn yeah yeah which I have no affiliation with I just trust there yeah yeah so anyways I wanted to bring that up because you know I know that again I'd heard a burbering from you like years ago it's speaking of metabolic health and we you kind of talked about this you know earlier with with continuous glucose monitoring you know measuring you know measuring your you're fasting glucose and also you know your response to foods and so like what you know glucose disposal is something that you've talked about people always hear about you know fasting glucose HP1C like what what should those numbers be but also what is glucose disposal and why should people be paying attention to that and cancetyms can the UCGN to cut it sort of measure that yeah yeah yeah you know glucose disposal is is is take us back glucose regulation is just it's such a miracle of our physiology I mean there's every time I think about biology I'm really grateful that I've you know came to this field and one way or another because it's it leaves you endlessly at awe of what's happening so the the interplay between our endocrine system our liver our muscles in terms of how glucose is regulated is so complicated and exists on such a fine fine line that it is it is humbling so let's just put some of these numbers in perspective so most people who have had a blood test would recognize that a fasting blood glucose of 100 milligrams per desoliter is sort of right on the cusp of being just just starting to get to be too high so what does that mean right what is 100 milligrams per desoliter well it means that in you know someone my size in all of my plasma floating around all of my body all of my blood I have five grams of glucose so do I have more than five grams of glucose in my body of course I do I have way more than that but the majority of the glucose in my body is either in my liver or in my muscles there's only five poultry grams 20 calories worth of glucose in my entire circulation at this moment in time now if you assume for a moment that I'm just sitting here at rest and nothing in my body is demanding glucose meaning my muscles aren't requiring it the only organ that should be really demanding it at the moment is my brain now of course my blood blood cells demand it because they don't have mitochondria so they're going to have to use glucose and of course the kidney uses it in all sorts of other things but basically the majority of the glucose in my blood stream at this moment in time is being is there for the purpose of my brain and you know you can do the math on this anybody can do the math on this within a number of minutes I will go through that five grams so where does the next drop of glucose come from comes from my liver so my liver is constantly titrating just a little bit of glucose into my circulation to make sure that number never goes from say a hundred where it is now down to 50 because that would be way too low but it's never putting so much in that that number would be 150 or 200 at that point I would be full-fledged type two diabetes so the difference between you and me if I have type two diabetes is literally a teaspoon of glucose in our circulation at any point in time think about how tiny a difference that is and that speaks to this enormous capacitor and buffer subsystem of our liver and our muscles so if the liver is the thing that is responsible for the the dulling out of glucose into circulation the muscle is primarily responsible for where we put glucose when it gets flooded into our system and that happens every time you eat so you eat and again let's just do some easy math on this like you eat a bowl of pasta like not a Peter bowl which is like the size of my head but just a normal size bowl you're easily getting 60 grams of glucose so you eat 60 70 80 grams of glucose well remember when I just said a moment ago like if your blood level goes from five to 10 grams you're host like that's a really big problem now acutely it's not the end of the world right but a healthy person would probably never go from five to eight more than eight grams so how do you get that other 60 grams of glucose away you have to put that into the muscles and so the muscle is the sink for glucose disposal and there are two ways that that happens but the majority of it is an insulin dependent way so insulin is released by the pancreas when glucose levels are sense so the pancreas sits very high in the GI tract so very early in the absorption of glucose as it exits the stomach into the the doodinum does the endocrine system these are the beta cells sense this increase in in glucose the beta cells release insulin the insulin results in a signal it goes to the muscle so the insulin hits an insulin receptor the insulin receptor triggers a kinase and a cell and that brings a glucose transporter to the surface of a muscle cell so that passively right without a gradient glucose can flow from outside the cell to inside the cell so that's called insulin dependent glucose disposal in a person who's particularly fit there's also an insulin independent system where just the contractile aspect of the muscle itself is enough to get glucose transporters up to the surface of the muscle so people who do a lot of cardio training have this capacity to you know and I've seen this in patients with type one diabetes who do a lot of training because that's a pure experiment where you have no insulin you can actually see them lower their glucose without insulin just by exercising so the active exercising itself can produce glucose transport across across the muscle without insulin so how does all this figure into health well as we alluded to glucose is toxic when you have too much of it now I'm not going to talk about acute toxicity so if you ever walked around with like 40 teaspoons of blood a 40 teaspoons of glucose in your bloodstream you would go into a coma so there's an acute toxicity but luckily that's very very rare and only really would occur in somebody with keto acidosis but the chronic toxicity of elevated levels of glucose is significant and that's where the difference between having four five six seven eight grams of glucose as the benchmark concentration is a difference in 10 years of life expectancy and again like it seems hard to fathom that that makes such a difference but it does and it does for several reasons but one of them is that glucose is involved in the the process by which proteins become sticky and so as the proteins in our blood get glycosylated and get stickier one their function is lower but two they also tend to obscure the narrowest part of our vascular system so our the tiniest tiniest tiniest capillaries become more occluded and therefore it's harder to deliver oxygen to those tissues so the the canary in the coal mine believe it or not of micro vascular damage is within the eyes so a good ophthalmologist is generally the first doctor to tell when a person is on the road to type two diabetes because by looking at the retina and by looking at the capillaries in the back of the eye they're actually able to do something that no one else gets to do in the body right like we don't look directly at the vascular system elsewhere in the body and they get to do that they get the shine on light directly onto capillary beds so as a general rule glucose elevated levels of glucose are damaging to small vessels elevated levels of insulin are damaging to large blood vessels so the eyes the kidneys the micro vascular sugar the heart and the brain are very susceptible to high levels of glucose the larger blood vessels of the heart the aorta the iliac vessels cardiac carotid arteries more susceptible to the elevated levels of insulin and both of these things go hand in hand because of course as is obvious I guess to people now when those glucose levels are chronically elevated the body wants to fix it they it wants to crank up more insulin as the solution to the resistance so the resistance is at the cell where the insulin signal isn't being heard so the pancreas just yells louder and it makes more and more insulin and so before you see that elevated level of glucose you will actually see an elevated level of insulin so post-prandial hyperinslanemia is the metabolic harbinger of all this stuff and so the major obviously it seems like a lifestyle factor that is regulating you know glucose disposal insulin sensitivity I mean it seems like both of these things are affected by the contractions of muscle and increasing those glucose transporters right so that exercise is probably the single most important thing we have at our disposal to increase insulin sensitivity and and then there are other things that are very important right so energy balance really matters sleep really matters so both acute and chronic disruptions of sleep will impair that system it's not entirely clear why by the way the experimental evidence is undeniable and these are experiments that are so easy to do well that they're unambiguous right where you disrupt people sleep you know you take if you just took a normal group of people and you did like what's called a you glycemic insulin clamp which is an experiment where you you run IV glucose and IV insulin to people and you basically run a fixed amount of insulin into somebody and then determine how much glucose you need to put in to keep their glucose level fixed that's called a u glycemic keep glucose flex that's the gold standard for measuring insulin sensitivity so you do that test on somebody and then for a week sleep deprived them for you know down to five or six four hours a night call it for would be very dramatic within days you'll see like a 50% reduction in their ability to dispose of glucose with no other difference no dietary difference no exercise difference so we don't know exactly why that's happening but it's a very repeatable observation so sleep disruptions impair this energy imbalance impairs this hormonal changes impair this right so as we age both the reduction in estrogen and testosterone impair this hypercortice selemia impairs this and then of course in activity is the is the greatest thing that drives this I definitely didn't do the exact experiment you're describing but I've mentioned it to you before I had my my CGM and when I was a new mother it was you know clearly am I sleep was being disrupted I was getting up and breastfeeding and you know I mean it was it was like night and day difference in my my my fasting blood glucose my glucose disposal my post-prandial levels I mean it was like clear we would have asked you to take that CGM off not that was a awful time to her CGM but I did find that my going to my hit class yeah even though I was like just dog and tired like the last thing I wanted to do yeah really did normalize it so um is there a post-prandial level that like you know let's say someone's not trying to do a low carb diet like they're not trying to like because that's a whole other right but like they just you know they're they're eating maybe a more um omnivore diet and more paleo is or Mediterranean is there a level that you think post-prandial you know glucose level like a threshold they that would signal like oh you shouldn't really be going or it's hard to say I mean here's what we here's what I think we know more clearly we we certainly know with more conviction that the average blood glucose the lower it is the better you are and I say that even outside of diabetic range now I don't have level one data to tell you that because the studies never been done but I can tell you that by proxy based on hemoglobin A1C data so the hemoglobin A1C data make it very clear that lower is better even outside of the range of diabetes so diabetes is defined as a hemoglobin A1C above 6.5% that translates 6.5% is an estimate of an average blood glucose of 140 milligrams per deciliter so assume for a moment that if you have a CGM that says 6.5% meaning you just trigger the threshold for type 2 diabetes your hemoglobin your CGM would say your average blood glucose is 140 milligrams per deciliter nobody disputes that that's harmful the question is is it better to be at 130 110 100 like at what point does is it too low and what the hemoglobin A1C data would suggest is being at 5% which is about an average of 100 is better than being at 5.5% which is an average in the one teens both of those are normal by our current definitions neither of those would be pre-diabetic even so 5 and 5.5 are both considered completely normal levels but the all cause mortality data or the data on all cause mortality suggests a better outcome if you're at 5 rather than 5.5 that suggests to me by proxy at least that an average blood glucose of 100 on a CGM would be better than that of an average blood glucose of 115 so that's the single most important metric we care about we use other metrics to think about that so that since we can't measure insulin in real time looking at post-prandial spikes and variability so looking at the standard deviation which you can get off the CGM and just the number of times you exceed a threshold and that threshold you could say maybe make at 150 or 140 milligrams per deciliter and you can just say how many times in a week do you exceed that threshold that might give you some indirect proxy of how much insulin are you secreting and response to that because for if you took two people who had an average blood glucose of 110 milligrams per deciliter by CGM but one arrived at it with levels like that and one arrived at it with levels like that the former would be a better way to achieve that than the latter but you know there are lots of things that raise glucose that are not harmful for example that hit class that you were doing probably in the short term really spikes your glucose because your liver is really trying to meet the demands of all that exercise so it's putting a ton of glucose into your circulation and it's going to do the right thing which is always air on the side of too much because in the short term it's better to have too much than too little so if I'm wearing a CGM doing a really hard workout I mean I'll see that glucose get to 160 which is higher than it will get with a meal that goes right back down I'll be good to hear so what do you think about by the way this is all great info what do you think about so metabolic flexibility being beat the capability to shift between using glucose as a substrate and using fatty acids I mean this is something this is the zone two thing right this is exactly why we train that zone two system and that's why you know we have our patients spend 80% of their cardio training time in zone two that's really pushing that metabolic flexibility you this is a this is the training system for making sure you expand the capacity of your mitochondria to under ever increasing demands have the ability to utilize fatty acids for oxidative phosphorylation and glucose for that matter but if you were to let's say you're doing more high intensity interval training which I do a lot of that increases the capacity because it's such a potent stimulator mitochondrial biogenesis so maybe and I and I hesitate to say like I think a lot of times when I'm doing my hit I am I'm still really using my mitochondria like you know I'm not like doing it all out spramp but like you know I do shift into using glucose force but we just think that only 20% of the cardio training volume should be there and the reason for that is actually kind of an empirical observation if you ask the question who are the most metabolically flexible healthiest specimens we have on this planet they are high level endurance athletes namely cross country skiers distance runners and cyclists so what do we know about this group we know that they have the highest VO2 maxes of any humans on the planet and we know that they are the most metabolically flexible of any humans on this planet now my experience is far more with cyclists and so I usually just talk about this through the lens of a cyclist and the other thing I like about cycling compared to skiing or running is we can use wattage because we can put people on power meters and we can get the numbers a world-class cyclist is able to put out four watts per kilogram of power while keeping lactate below two millimole in fact the best cyclist in the world are probably at about 4.2 4.3 watts per kilo so let's just do the math on that if someone's listening to this and they've ever been near a power meter so if you're 80 kilos you're 175 pounds that means you're able to put out 330 to 340 watts which by the way most people who weigh 80 kilos can't do that for one minute literally they can't do that for one minute these people can do it for hours and keep their lactate below two millimole it's the single greatest demonstration of metabolic flexibility that you will ever see how do these people train is this is you know this is one of the questions my patients ask me is Peter where is this 80 20 coming from where is the study that demonstrated this and I said well the studies are all based on what do you have to do to achieve that level of performance so these athletes and their coaches have all figured out that to produce the highest VO2 max and to produce the greatest degree of metabolic flexibility you think of it as a pyramid or the base of the pyramid is your zone to efficiency and the peak of the pyramid is your VO2 max and the area total area of the pyramid is your cardiovascular respiratory engine so you want not a narrow base with a high peak not a wide base with a short peak you want a big base big peak and the way to get that is about 80 20 if you try to do too much high intensity you simply don't have the aerobic base on which to build it so yeah you might have more mitochondria but they're not as efficient if you only do the low intensity stuff they're efficient but you might not have enough this is a bit of an oversimplification but you want the best of both worlds right you want you want both the the breadth and the the peak effectively so what what we basically do with our patients is we we start from a standpoint of time how much time are you willing to exercise a week am I going to tell you what you need to do let's start with you telling me what you're willing to do and then the simplest approaches will put half of that into strength and stability half of that into cardio of the cardio it's 80 20 80 percent of that will be zone two 20 percent of that will be VO2 max and VO2 max by the way training is pretty hard because it's slightly longer intervals than what people think of as traditional hit so traditional hit works I'm just saying you know it's it's not the best way to get there it's a it's a good way to get there and and we know like even just looking at the tabata studies right tabata's neither one or the other right like a 20 on 10 off times 8 rounds is neither a pure zone two no it's it's it's way too hard even for VO2 max actually because VO2 max sweet spot is 3 to 8 minutes with one to one rest to recovery so 3 on 3 off 3 on 3 off that's a lower intensity than most people are doing in a hit class most people in a hit class are doing shorter intervals in pushing much harder I just had a talk with them with Marty Cabala and I asked him that question you know and he was like Ron and you had to do more 3 because I wanted to I was like I want to do VO2 max training like this is what I do I do a lot of the you know do 16 rounds and I'll do 20 seconds on 10 seconds off but my 10 seconds off or I mean my heart's still pretty hot like I don't so he's like you got to do like three minutes at least one you know and so I've shifted my my training now to doing and it's absolutely true I'm not going as hard you can't yeah it's you just can't go as hard and so and it's an art form you'll you'll figure it out because you'll realize and you'll you'll have to you you'll be like I went too hard and I was dead at a minute and a half and I was like loafing the last minute and a half or I held back too much and by the end of the three minutes it was like I actually could have gone harder and that's okay like you'll you'll you'll sort of figure out what that sweet spot is but that that three to eight minutes is the is the optimal zone for for generating VO2 max power right yeah let's so um so metabolic flexibility obviously hugely important via two max hugely important but uh with respect to I would say like eating diet wise like you hear a lot of people like low carb community ketogenic you know metabolic flexibility if they're doing does that like effect metabolic flexibility like if you're doing yeah it's tough to say there I think there may be a bit of a confounder there so I I used to think so I'm not sure any more truthfully so so the obvious confounder there is if you're on a completely carbohydrate restricted diet your respiratory quotient so on a from a functional standpoint one of the ways we how do we measure what you're oxidizing so when a person does a CPAT test a functional test like a VO2 max test we're we're measuring O2 consumed and CO2 produced so if any have you done a VO2 max test yet I haven't okay so you can you just go to any doctor or doctor doctors don't do it no you typically go to well when I did when I live in San Diego I used to do them with my coach so he would do them in in Austin we send people to UT like we just send people to the university and get him done so very inexpensive test like like a hundred bucks or something like that right so they're going to have you do it in one of two ways which is a biker a treadmill and I always tell patients do it in the way you train because there's a you know there's a you don't want to take a cyclist and make them do the running test device versus so it sounds like you're doing most of your work on a palatant so you would do it on a bike because you're going to sit on a bike and they're going to put a mask on you and it's super uncomfortable the mask has to be incredibly tight it can't have any interference from the outside world in terms of air that your breathing can't escape and no air from the outside can get to you there are two gas sensors on the outside of the mask one for O2 one for CO2 this is the bread and butter this whole device if those sensors aren't calibrated correctly or they don't work the test is meaningless and like one out of ten times they fail so you got to make sure whenever you're doing this test the part the tech who does it has calibrated this thing and knows what to look for if the calibration fails during the test which is how patient do one recently the test failed so you're going to be put on a bike and it's going to be an herb which means unlike the peloton where you set the resistance and how like let's say you have the resistance at 50 well that doesn't determine the wattage by itself how fast you pedal also determines the wattage that's different here here the computer is telling the bike how many watts to put out so the heart the faster you pedal the less the resistance will be okay but it's fixed wattage so they might say like Ron we're going to start to add at 50 watts nice little warm up we're going to have you spend you know five minutes here and then like three every three minutes we're going to go up you know 25 watts or something like that and there you know within about 15 minutes you're going to be in crunch time and at that point they're probably going to increase the wattage every minute and you're going to you're in the the pain train has left the station like this is unpleasant and you have to keep your RPMs high the test is usually aborted if you can't keep your RPM above about 50 or 60 so as you're training keep that in mind these are all the things you don't want to fail the test because you didn't know the test you know what I mean let the physiology be the place you fail so make sure when you're riding that peloton you're in that you're really comfortable in that 80 to 100 zone of RPM and and so what is the tech tech looking for so the tech is looking at a bunch of data so what they're looking for is VO2 and VO2 those are the things that are being measured so they know you're heart rate at every moment in time they know how many watts you're pet you're generating because they're you're you're you're generating by definition everything they're sending you and then they're measuring VO2 so ventilation rate of oxygen and VO2 ventilation rate of CO2 they also at every moment in time see the ratio of VO2 to VO2 that's called respiratory quotient or our Q it's also known as RER that ratio in any moment in time tells you how much fat you're oxidizing versus how much glucose when that ratio is 0.7 you are 100% fat oxidizing when that ratio is 0.85 it's about 50 50 when that ratio is 1 and above your all carbohydrate so what you'll want to see when you do the test is you won't want the report the summary you will also want the raw data which is pages of a spreadsheet and you'll kind of go through and you can see how these things change so when I used to do my test I used to plot my own data I would just get the spreadsheet and I would make the fuel partition incurred so what I would draw would be what I would have Excel plot for me is on the x-axis I would have wattage because I cared more by wattage than by heart rate so you have either wattage or heart rate on the x-axis and on the y-axis I'd have a double y-axis and the y-axis would be either calories or preferably grams per minute and I would have carbohydrate oxidation and fat oxidation so fat oxidation goes down from as the test starts so it usually has an early peak and then comes down as intensity goes up and carbohydrate oxidation just rises monotonically and there's where those two cross some people call that your anaerobic threshold but that's where your respiratory quotient is equal if you've done this in calories if you don't in grams per minute it won't be because obviously there's way more calories in fat than oxygen so one of the other metrics we care very deeply about in our patients is what is your peak fat oxidation and where does it occur and we plot that so we we plot their VO2 max we plot their zone to and we plot fat oxidation and not surprisingly there's there's a family of curves that we put the patients on so we say this is what someone with type 2 diabetes looks like this is their fat oxidation curve this is what a world class tour difference cyclist looks like they couldn't be further apart and this is everything in between and where do you stack up so what you want is the highest amount of fat oxidation and you want to be able to sustain that for as long as possible now if you do this on somebody who is heavily carbohydrate restricted you will get an artifact of the test because their resting RQ is very very low and so it's not clear what the implications of that R other than we typically will feed people carbohydrates before they do the test like in the days they do that but their VO2 max won't be doesn't affect their VO2 max no because the VO2 max is literally taking the peak VO2 that they achieve and dividing it by their weight in kilos what VO2 max to you aim for and if you can recall I know that JAMA 2018 paper which was probably the most convincing studies that VO2 max is like one of the best metrics of health and longevity and there wasn't even bigger paper that came out that that JAMA paper had 120,000 subjects in it there was a JACC paper that came out a year ago that had almost a million subjects in it and it killed the exact same findings do you so the findings if I recall both of them are in the book I think I have I have figures from both of them in the in the X-rays you had the numbers in there okay and and that so that was like the top I just remember was like the top percentile I mean they had like 80% lower the top yeah if you compare the top the difference in risk between someone in the bottom 25% of VO2 max to the top 2 and a half percent had a hazard ratio of five meaning it's four time 400 times greater all cause mortality if you're in the bottom 25% versus the top 2 percent okay so if I want that number do you know it or I mean what's what the top yeah are you are you 30 to 40 I'm for I'll be 45 okay so you're right in the middle of the 40 to 50 I would guess but the table is in my book so I could have that right I would guess that it's about it's in the high 40's okay yeah so roughly probably like 46 47 48 milligrams sorry milliliters per minute probably have to agree to do but this is such great information I have other like I there's I want to get into some cancer home-owned especially because I'm gonna be 45 five I'm a very personal personal interest in this but you know we're talking about metabolic health obviously you've talked endlessly about the importance of metabolic cal for cancer certainly you cancer prevention but um looking at like so the biggest risk factor for cancer is age right yes if you yeah unless you include yeah if you don't include our onifiable risk so yeah we generally talk about modified or risk okay yes age age is the greatest risk for all disease including cardiovascular disease the biggest modifiable risk factor so let's talk about modified or risk factors like obesity smoking is number one smoking okay don't look at I've got of course smoking I always it's easy to forget yeah you should not be smoking but it is easy to forget it's like oh yeah people do still smoke it's hard to fathom that but addiction is addiction so smoking is the number smoking is still the number one modifiable risk factor for that obesity so why do you think obesity what if you were to speculate why do you think it is yeah I and I feel pretty strongly about this I mean I'm I'm happy to speculate on things and I'm happy to acknowledge when I have no idea here I think we have a pretty good idea first of all I don't think it's the excess out of positive right like I don't I don't think it's the extra two pounds I have on my waist that I wish I didn't have for vanity purposes um it is the environment of growth factors that comes with obesity namely the hyper insulinemia but also the chronically elevated IGF and things of that nature and it is the inflammatory environment that comes right with obesity and again that's not due to the excess energy that's stored within the confines of the subcutaneous storage depot it's due to the excess fat that spills over from that into these other areas where fat accumulation is very harmful so fat accumulation is not problematic believe it or not despite our aesthetic preferences when it occurs in areas that we are designed to store excess energy it becomes problematic when it escapes those areas and gets around the viscera gets around our organs enters the muscle itself by the way that's how it directly contributes to insulin resistance uh when it accumulates in the liver accumulates around the heart within the pancreas itself where it serves the double roll of not just creating an inflammatory environment but also reduces the amount of insulin that the beta cell can release um and also around the kidneys so those are the main places where even a small amount of fat i.e. if just 10% of your total body fat were in those places you would be at enormous risk for cardiometabolic disease yeah I remember like I've seen a few studies where it's like visceral fat so you're talking about the fat that's you know covering surrounding your organs you know that was the highly correlated with an increased cancer risk and there was like there was also another correlation with like there was some specific inflammatory cytokines that were being generated or you know associated with i.g. i would say with the visceral fat and the cancer incidents which again it's like uh the inflammatory environment like you're talking about so so the metabolic health being important we talked about you know the best like exercise being at the top right I mean that's one of the best ways to exercise energy balance sleep and then of course you know management of of of of distress right hypercordicilemia will also contribute to this significantly right which of course even doing things like exercising getting enough sleep help balance that right exactly when it comes to cancer prevention you know you you talk a lot and outlive about cancer screening aggressive cancer screening yeah so can you talk a little bit about weighing the benefits versus the risk of that type you know doing more of an aggressive type of cancer screening yeah I mean the reason I think we have to pay attention to cancer screening in such an aggressive way is that unlike cardiovascular disease and even though we didn't really go into the pathogenesis of it today I mean I've covered this another podcast and sure you have as well it's very well understood doesn't mean we know everything I'll happily spend 20 minutes telling you all the things I don't understand or that we don't understand is as a community but we have a pretty good sense of what's going on that's not the case in cancer it is still a really really big black box to try to understand all the different ways in which people get cancer and if you just want proof positive on this I bet you there's not a single person listening to this not one who can't tell you of at least one person they know who's been afflicted with cancer who otherwise had did everything right they didn't smoke they weren't obese they didn't have you know huge chemical carcinogen exposures they lived a perfectly healthy life and they still got breast cancer or they still got leukemia or they still got some got offo cancer so the truth of it is in cardiovascular disease when we sit here and talk about modifiable risk factors like lipids smoking blood pressure all these things that virtually accounts for the entirety of the disease in cancer when we talk about the modifiable risk factors it doesn't even account for half of it so it's free money don't leave it on the table don't make unforesterers don't smoke and be metabolically healthy but you don't want to leave it at that there's still way too great a chance that you're going to end up getting cancer relative to you know if you just take the approach of while I've taken care of those things therefore I've done everything I can so the missing link how we bridge that gap has to be through aggressive screening because about the only thing you can say about cancer that is capital T true is when you treat a cancer in an early stage you will have a better outcome than if you treat that cancer at a later stage and in the book I talk about a couple of very specific examples of this where we have just overwhelming data I use breast and colon cancer as an example so when a person has a stage three colon cancer that's still a big cancer right and it's by definition because it's stage three it has spread to the lymph nodes but it has not spread visibly beyond the lymph nodes so when you do a CT or an MRI on that patient you'll see that there's no other evidence of cancer outside of the region of the resection which is the colon and lymph nodes now you know that there's microscopicly cancer elsewhere so there are still millions to billions of cancer cells throughout that patient's body almost assuredly in their liver but they're not you know you can't see them if you give that patient the full fox regimen which is the standard chemotherapy regimen that's three drugs 65% of those patients will be alive in five years so a third of them will still die but two thirds of them will live if that exact same patient when you go and you take their colon out and you take their lymph nodes out also has visible metabolic disease in the liver they're now stage four after surgery they will go on to get the same chemotherapy none of those people will be alive in five years there is a fundamental why why that difference same as true with breast cancer same as true with every cancer the reason is the more cancer cells you have the more heterogeneity you have around the burden of mutations in that cancer the more capable that cancer is to mutate its way out of treatment evade the immune system a whole bunch of other things so if step number one is don't get cancer which it should be and we want to do everything we can to not get cancer step number two is if you do get cancer you want to be able to catch it as soon as possible so that you have the smallest possible burden of this disease to treat and by the way you know there's an entire argument that says well screening is too expensive it's a lot cheaper than treating late stage cancer with very expensive drugs that do very little so you brought up a lot of good points Peter I mean I really like the way like you can do everything you can and you know like one of my favorite peloton instructors on Lianne Hainesby you know she's out she's like doing physical activity every day I mean she looks amazing I'm sure she's you know not eating a terrible diet and she came down with breast cancer was being treated and was still doing peloton class as well she was being treated I'm an amazing but the reality is is that they're like over a lifetime you know you do like there's random amount of like things that can happen let's say you're a metabolic health and everything like your cells are dividing you can get a mutation you mean cells will take care of it most of the time as you know we're progressing through life until we start to get you know into our what 56 seven decade maybe they mean systems not working as well I mean there's things that you just can't control like there's that like you mentioned so with cancer screening what let's say you don't have any known genetic risk factors and there's no like family history right what age would you say or would decade a life around where would you think that or how do you treat it in your clinical practice with respect to cancer screenings what are the major ones you know to do you said Coleman and breast are there any others yeah so you know a discussion like this always begins with our patients by saying you know you have to understand your risk appetite as an individual and you have to understand the price you're going to pay for screening because there's a couple of prices you pay the first is economic everything we're about to talk about is going to be outside of the standard of care not everything I mean if you're at a certain age you're breast you know your mammography and your colonoscopy will be covered but your colonoscopy won't be covered at the frequency that we're going to recommend you do it and even if your mammography is covered they probably won't cover the MRI or the ultrasound that we're going to recommend because we never recommend mammography and isolation ever if we're doing a PSA on you and any of our metrics show more care is warranted they're not going to cover the follow-up study like a 4K test or a you know multi-parametric MRI unless your PSA is very high so so understand there's a cost that has to go into but I think there's an even bigger cost that you have to be willing to tolerate if you go down this rabbit hole which is the cost of the false positive the emotional cost of the false positive so we always kind of start by explaining how sensitivity and specificity work and I know a lot of people's eyes kind of glaze over and they're like oh my god like I don't want to hear the stats on this but if you don't understand what sensitivity means and you don't understand what's specificity means you can never understand the things that really do matter to anybody who gets a test which is positive and negative predictive value positive predictive value means if this test comes out positive how likely is it that I actually have the thing it says. Conversely if this test comes out negative how likely is it that I'm truly negative you want very high positive predictive value and very high negative predictive value and that's a function of three things the specificity of a test which is the ability of a test to detect a condition being present if it is indeed present the specificity of a test the ability of a test to conclude that something is absent if it is indeed absent and the prevalence of the condition being tested meaning how likely is it that you have this before I test you so you can call that prevalence if you're screening you can call it pre-test probability but the point is this is all a Bayesian process so I really spend a lot of time going through this with people and let's just you know start with something as simple as mammography right so you know so Peter why why are you saying you're not satisfied just doing the mammography well here's why mammography has a sensitivity of about 90 percent and a specificity of about 85 percent which is fine except if I'm going to do a mammography on you at this moment in time your pre-test probability for having breast cancers pretty low like a couple percent that means the positive and negative predictive value of this test in isolation are very poor like less than 20 percent um furthermore there are features about you personally that might make you a bad candidate for MRI in isolation one is you're very young you're not in menopause yet your breast tissue is very glandular now in 40 years on a mammogram your breasts are going to look totally different the mammogram will actually have an easier time seeing what's going on in your breast because there's going to be less dense glandular tissue the mammogram because it's an x-ray is really good at seeing calcified lesions it's really bad at seeing non-calcified lesions conversely an MRI is really has no issue with glandular tissue but can't see calcified lesions very well so we go through this analysis and you realize there's actually no perfect test for screening you have to stack tests on top of each other if you want to increase positive and negative predictive value and if you rely on any one test by itself you're always going to have a blind spot the one exception to that by the way is a colonoscopy a colonoscopy is a test that has 100% cests sensitivity and very high specificity but with colonoscopy you have a whole different risk which is a physical risk there's actually a risk of harm from a colonoscopy basically three big risks there's the risk of dehydration electrolyte imbalance high potential that comes from the bowel prep there's the risk of the sedation and then there's the risk of a perforation or bleeding actual procedural risks now if you look at the largest study that came out on this which was last summer and then went on journal medicine this was actually a study that was meant to show that colonoscopy wasn't worth it actually showed something totally different in my mind which showed how safe it was so it was a study of I think over 20,000 people and had not a single incident so it showed that in good hands a colonoscopy is a very safe procedure but I always want to make sure people understand like we don't take this stuff lightly and there's a reason you don't do a colonoscopy three times a year which if you did colonoscopy three times a year you'd never get colon cancer because you know colon cancer always has to come from a polyp so if you were checking somebody three times a year like you never they would never be able to develop a polyp that you wouldn't catch but at that point their risk would be just too high that something else would go wrong so you know standard recommendations used to be every 10 years starting at 50 current recommendations are starting at 45 and there's some controversy about whether you would do it every five to 10 years we typically say with no family history or risk factors meaning you don't have inflammatory bowel disease or Crohn's disease or things like that we would typically say 40 and then about every three years depending on the findings so sometimes the findings on a given colonoscopy will make you want to actually do a more frequent surveillance if you find a Cecil Pollab for example or if a patient has an incomplete bowel prep you might decide you know actually we need to do this a little more urgently and do it in a year again as opposed to wait three great information and with respect to the combined you know especially for younger individuals like younger like myself the mammogram starting so so I might say like you know at 40 I would start doing a mammoth and an ultrasound every other year sorry every six months so you would do a mammoth every year you would an ultrasound every six months every year but staggered them by six months so if there was if there was a high enough risk that's probably an approach I would take now is that because there's a lifetime risk of one and eight just for I'm like on average forget about all the month okay and again breast cancer is one of those cancers where if you treat it early like it's it's it's absolutely a disease that that can be treated early if you catch this in a stage one it's a non-fatal disease a stage four disease is a uniformly fatal disease what's the positive predictive value of catching it in stage one with the combination well so okay so so the the way to think about it is you think about it as what's the positive predictive value of the combined modalities and and and here it's a little more complicated because it depends on the hormone status so I'll give you an example another thing that we use that we haven't talked about are liquid biopsies yeah so we incorporate liquid biopsies into our testing yeah yeah so so have you talked about them in podcast you listen to what they are there question I was going to ask you about with you know the the grail by the gallery by grail yeah yeah okay so what does this test do so the there are basically three things that you can figure out by looking at strands of DNA in the blood that can give you a clue as to whether or not a patient has cancer so let's say you collect a bunch of you you connect you know the grail test uses 10 CC of blood relatively poultry some of blood and they look at all of the cell free DNA so again they separate the DNA that's in cells they don't want that right from the cell free DNA and determine so so basically there could be known mutations that we know are cancer genes like a K-Rass mutation or P53 mutation where you might say oh if you see that K-Rass mutation like there's cancer somewhere in the body the second thing that gives you a clue that there could be cancer in the body is the length of the DNA fragments that you see so there's been you know this is not what grail does by the way but there are other technologies that are looking at fragment length and using fragment length to impute probability of cancer what grail does is they look at a third thing which is methylation so they say okay well all of this DNA is yours we're not going to worry about what the mutations are what the fragment lengths are but what we do know is certain methylation patterns are indicative of cancer and tissue of origin that's a very big deal so now you are doing a screen for not just does this patient likely have cancer or not but if they do can you tell me where that's coming from so we can now go and look more closely there now there's something really interesting about how this works because it's different from any other type of screening test see that MRI that we talked about or the ultrasound or the mammogram or the colonoscopy for that matter are basically morphology tests you're looking visually either directly in the case of colonoscopy or indirectly in the form of a mammogram where you have to look through the tissue you're looking at the morphology of a cancer the grail test says nothing about that it's simply telling you is this a cancer that is leaving it's site of origin or shedding its DNA in sufficient enough quantities outside of origin so something very interesting emerges when you take a closer look at the grail data and this is why we use the test again I have no affiliation with grail so this is you know just my clinical experience and observation at first glance the sensitivity of the grail test for breast cancer is quite low the specificity is very high for grail by the way meaning if you don't have cancer it is very likely to tell you you don't have cancer the sensitivity is quite low meaning if you have cancer it could miss it and it's been tuned that way so the algorithm has been tuned for a very high specificity a low sensitivity but if you look at breast cancer overall sensitivity it's about 20% for stage one stage two which seems kind of abysmal meaning if you have a breast cancer that's early stage stage one stage two there's only like a 20% chance it'll show up on the grail test and many people myself included at one point thought that doesn't justify doing the test I don't need a liquid biopsy to tell me I've got a stage three breast cancer like I'm going to figure that out falling off a log right so I need something to tell me when there's a stage one breast cancer but a closer look at the data showed that if you looked at ERPR negative breast cancers stage one stage two sensitivity was 75 to 80% it was only in the triple positive ERPR positive hertonu positive that the sensitivity specificity or so low and since that's the majority of breast cancers it brings it down what does this mean it means that the more indolent a breast cancer is the less likely the grail test picks it up at an early stage but the more aggressive it is the more likely it is to pick it up at an early stage the implication might be here that it's catching the cancers that matter and I think that's a very interesting way to combine liquid biopsies with morphologic studies do you ever not can but like do you think doing just a liquid biopsy by itself would be a useful thing or do you think really it's better with you know in combination with other morphology types of screen yeah that's a great question I mean we don't do them in isolation because I still think we're in really early days and I just think a little bit of a belt and suspenders approach make sense but it'll be wonderful if the day comes when all you need to do is the liquid biopsy and only if it comes up positive do you need to go and do a morphologic survey a couple of questions so you know talking about some of the major screenings the colonoscopy of the mammogram you mentioned PSA are so so with like some of these you know types of morphology screenings like the mammogram for example people are considered like there's a whole group of people that are very concerned about the potential the mutagenic potential of you know these types of screening methods you know potentially causing cancer right so CT scans the x-rays well CT scans would be a very lousy way to screen for that reason right the CT scan has a lot of radiation with the exception the only time we justify the use of a CT scan is in a former smoker or a current smoker we don't have any current smokers in our products but we do have former smokers we do still use a low dose CT for lung screening remember lung cancer risk is lung cancers the leading cause of cancer death globally and in the US for both men and women and 85% of lung cancers occur in former smokers or current smokers so in those people you have to ask the question what kind of cancers do they get and you basically have small cell large cell and squamous cell are the dominant cancers that occur in smokers and those are best detected on a low-dose CT scan add no carcinoma of the lung is the dominant cause of lung cancer in a non-smoker and we can detect that equally well with an MRI so we don't expose a never smoker to at risk whereas to a smoker we you know a past smoker or current smoker the risk reward trade-off is worth it and that's been documented really clearly in clinical trials mammography has incredibly low radiation not as low as like a dexis scan or something like that but it's still really really low so there's a lot of women that avoid that I'm sure there are I don't know maybe their the radiation has lessened over the years and it always has I mean radiation is constantly going down I mean just going back to something we spoke about earlier 20 years ago a seat so just let's explain what the numbers mean so radiation is measured in units called milly cverts and it's generally established that exposure to more than 50 milly cverts a year will increase your risk of muted genesis so now let's put that in the context of certain things so living at sea level here in San Diego the just the exposure you get to the environment is about one to two milly cverts a year so that's two to four percent of your annual allotment if you live in Denver you're doubling that so being one mile in the sky doubles your exposure but you're still you know you're you know four to eight percent of your annual allotment um a CT angiogram 20 years ago was 20 milly cverts 40 percent of your annual radiation allotment on one test the last patient I sent for a CTA last week because when we get the report it also shows the radiation less than one milly cvert so mammograms are even point less than that so it really is it makes zero sense for a woman who has a lifetime risk one and eight and perhaps even higher if she's obese and right friends I'll call it my two of four way to to avoid doing mammograms correct okay yeah but again I would never rely on a mammogram exclusively I would combine it with an ultrasound or the MRI yeah but they're not concerned about people aren't really scared of the ultrasound so they're scared they're scared yeah and MRI of course has a radiation so but but again everyone has you know you just have to unfortunately there's a lot of fear mongering that goes on but you just have to look at the numbers I mean it's crystal clear that a mammogram has a very very there might be confusing it with there there was another test I'm blanking on what it's called now because it's never done anymore um it's called I think it was called a molecular breast imaging it was another high high intensity mammogram it's again I've never seen one done I don't think they've been done in years but pre MRI like pre utility for other tests it was done it was also about a 20 to 30 millilies of Earth where this is all stand I'm sure it's I'm sure there's a complete misinformation and misunderstanding where people are confusing mammogram from from what's called an MBI is what the test was called well this is good to clear up um I because I mean I'm not just I'm not kidding like I know people I know women that have this fear so um you know I think stepping sort of stepping back just one more thing I want to ask you about is like blood cancers is there any like what is that? Biopsies are very good on blood cancers actually because you have the highest proportion of those cells like you're going to get a much higher concentration of uh self-re DNA so yeah we actually that's one of the areas where I'm most excited about the liquid biopsies is on leukemias and um you know other other sort of hematologic issues uh such as my Loma and things like that and for people listening wondering about the cost of it's to it's like 900 like yeah about it's about $2,000 yeah and I don't think it's D to C so I'm meaning I think you have to go through your doctor to do it I don't think you can just do the test willy nilly I don't think you can yeah but I don't know for sure yeah I'd be surprised if you could so on the breast cancer topic you know kind of going um into another area I've just I know we got we got we're we're doing okay um but I really want to get your thoughts on this this topic which is you know what broader sense hormones um but also just like if you look at the way a woman ages before menopause I mean she's aging slower than a man right like by yeah yeah yeah when she hits menopause I mean it's like you hear this quote unquote cliff they fall like a woman in terms of their aging they fall off this cliff like it's no longer I mean it's just they go rapidly you know down so what are what are let's just talk about some of the risk factors that women face you know after menopause and why yeah so so obviously what happens in menopause is three hormones that are really important to a woman during her reproductive years go away and they go away in very short order so it's it can be quite dramatic um and obviously those hormones are estrogen, progesterone, and testosterone I always mentioned testosterone because it's it's easily forgotten but it's important to not forget it because a woman's concentration of testosterone in her uh and by the way testosterone declines slower than estrogen and progesterone and estrogen progesterone really go down testosterone kind of gradually goes down but like right now we're sitting here and you're you know you're 45 presumably you know you're you're still in the throes of your reproductive you're at the tail end of your reproductive capacity but you have an atmenopause yet um your testosterone right now is at least 10 times higher than your estrogen level uh in absolute quantities and by the way that's the highest that's if you're ovulating so your peak estrogen is at around ovulation um if I take you in the early follicular cycle or in the luteal cycle your testosterone could be a hundred times higher than your testosterone so it's very important to understand don't get confused by the units on the lab test because they're reporting them in nanograms predestilator versus peakograms per milliliter and so the estrogen number looks bigger but in terms of absolute amounts of it testosterone is still the uh by far the dominant hormone for both men and women so um these things go away and a whole bunch of things happen now in the short run and the things that generally get the most attention of the medical community are these vasemotor symptoms so the hot flashes and the night sweats and these are kind of the first things that women tend to notice I mean they might notice that their period is becoming a regular their cycle is lengthening and things of that nature but in terms of actual symptoms that are disruptive to their quality of life it are these vasemotor symptoms so hot flashes and night it's not clear why some women get these horribly and some women actually don't get them at all most women do get them to varying degrees and again there's a there's a spectrum there other women will talk about things like brain fog sleep disturbances and again the sleep disturbances could be related to what we just said because I got to think if you're having hot flashes and night sweats that can't be good for your sleep so you know is that sufficiently driving the sleep disturbances or is there something else that's driving them um as time progresses into menopause other things will occur there will be sexual changes so vaginal atrophy, dryness and reduction in libido and again those can be related but they can be independent we know testosterone plays an important role in libido and we know that estradiol plays an important role in vaginal in the absence of estrogen is driving the vaginal symptoms so um and of course if and then of course you have pain within of course that's a result of all of those things as well which then feeds forward on the decreased libido as you go a little bit further you start to see another major consequence of this which is the destruction of bone and I use that word I'm being a little aggressive in my language there but the truth of it is both men and women hit peak bone density in their early 20s and for men the if you look at their reduction in bone mineral density from their 20s on it's a gradual decline for women it's a gradual decline until menopause then a very straight harsh line decline and when you consider the risk of um falling and the impact of uh broken hip or femur later in life both in terms of mortality and morbidity you realize that that may be the single biggest risk of menopause on women though not appreciated in their 50s and not only show him another 60s so taken together all of these symptoms in my mind completely justified the use of HRT in any woman who is willing to undergo it and unfortunately and I've talked about this a lot on my podcast I think there has been no greater disservice brought by the medical community onto anyone but in particular in this case women then the abject failure of the interpretation of the women's health initiative in 2001 2002 whenever it was first published that's a study that was completely misinterpreted the press um were I mean out to lunch in the way they interpreted the study and the investigators were in my mind equally at fault for not clarifying it now at least one member of the team who was a part of that study Joanne Manson has been more vocal lately I had her on my podcast she's been more vocal in acknowledging the the way in which that study was misinterpreted but unfortunately the damage has largely been done both in terms of the fact that there is an entire generation of women by my estimate and by the estimate of my analysis my analysts analysis over 20 million women have been deprived hormones that who would have otherwise received them and we've even come up with some calculations for how many lives have been unnecessarily lost as a result of that and then there's the ongoing damage which is you know as uh uh Mark Mark Twain is attributed for saying this right like a lie will travel halfway around the world before the truth is tied up with shoes so um just as you said there are women out there who say I can't get a mammography because oh my god of the radiation they may in fact be thinking of an MBI there's just a misunderstanding well some of the are still women walking around today that it thinking HRT increases the risk of dying a breast cancer when it never did and it certainly doesn't today so let's let's talk a little bit about um about that like I know like I've looked into the women's health initiative I've heard you speak about it and you know it's uh some of the major major flaws of that study were one being well so I want it let's let's talk about what the study did right so the study took um two groups of women women who had a uterus and women who didn't have a uterus and randomized each of those groups into two separate groups treatment versus placebo why was that done well it was well understood by then as it still remains that in women with a uterus failure to give progesterone with estrogen increases endometrial hyperplasia so if you take a woman with a uterus and you just give her estrogen but there's no progesterone her endometrial lining will thicken will thicken and as the endometrial lining gets thicker so too goes the risk of hyperplasia and ultimately what's called dysplasia which can lead to cancer in other words unaposed estrogen will increase the risk of endometrial cancer so to this day we know this and we do this um so if you had a uterus you were put into a group where the treatment group was given conjugated equine estrogen and mpa so that's uh that's estrogen taken from horse urine and a synthetic pregestin and the treatment and the placebo group was just given a placebo and in the other group the no uterus group they were just given conjugated equine estrogen versus placebo they didn't have to be given the mpa the synthetic estrogen um these women were on average considerably older they were I want to say seven to ten years out of menopause at this point um and the study was looking at a number of outcomes but it was terminated early at about five and a half years when it was noted that the women in the CEE plus MPA group versus the placebo had um a 0.1% higher risk of developing breast cancer um interestingly the women in the CEE alone group had a lower risk of developing breast cancer so the study was halted and the headline read estrogen increases the risk of breast cancer by 25 well this wasn't correct um it is true that in the CEE plus MPA group the group that that group had five cases of breast cancer per thousand women compared to four cases of breast cancer per thousand women in the placebo group and it is true that that's a 25% increase in the relative risk but of course the absolute risk is 0.1%. There was no difference in breast cancer mortality in other words there was an extra one case of breast cancer but there was no difference in breast cancer mortality those data by the way have been updated every decade or so and we now have like 19 year follow up on that group and that fact still remains true to this day there is still no difference in the mortality of breast cancer in the CEE plus MPA group but you see it would be impossible to make the case that estrogen is the cause there when in the other group you saw the exact opposite effect you saw that the CEE group alone had a lower incidence of breast cancer and eventually even a lower mortality due to breast cancer so I feel like I don't know maybe a 10th grade science student might come up with a different hypothesis then estrogen is the culprit in this group you have A plus B in this group you have A what could be the difference might it be the B so I think most people who think about this problem today acknowledge that it's probably the MPA that was driving the very very small clinically insignificant but statistically significant increase in breast cancer incidents that had no translation to a mortality difference and you want to ask the question well is MPA in use today and the answer is pretty much by nobody there's I don't I've never once prescribed MPA I've never seen a patient come to me who's taking MPA they're probably are some patients on it but I doubt it and what is MPA again it's a synthetic pregestive okay nowadays women take bio identical micronized oral progesterone or they use a progesterone coded iUD if they don't if they don't benefit symptomatic from progesterone progesterone is a funny hormone some women really don't respond well to it it doesn't help their symptoms in any way shape or form and in those women we don't even use it we just use a progesterone coded iUD and that provides the local protection that prevents and and to me trial hyperplasia so in that sense you know you you know I could dive deeper and deeper and go through the weeds on the whole study but the punchline is very clear here right which is estrogen absolutely did not drive either the incidence of breast cancer or mortality associated with breast cancer and again that was not true in 2002 it was not true in 2006 it is not true today that is one piece of the study that I didn't catch because you know I when trying to sort of deconstruct it it was like okay well the synthetic of course versus bio identical versus the age of initiation so like you said these women were like 10 years I mean like on average like after menopause had hit was another factor and then you know some of them were very very unhealthy again like yeah it was a very it was a very unhealthy population to begin with um the other thing about it by the way is we don't use oral estrogen anymore yeah so that's another question what so um can you talk about the little bit of the differences just you know sort of not so much deep into the deepness of it but like the difference between in oral estrogen bio identical estrogen topical like you know what so the only estrogen that are used today are bio identical which means um their extra dial and or estriol but there is no FDA approved estriol products so there are three estrogens E1 E2 E3 there's some important nuance here that maybe justifies explaining so estriol can be turned into estron which is E1 and it can be turned into E3 estriol but E3 cannot be turned into E2 or E1 so that's a one way arrow E3 can be turned into this complicated let me say E1 can be turned into a two four and 16 hydroxy estron so you got E3 that can go into an E sorry E1 can be turned into a two hydroxy four hydroxy or 16 hydroxy E3 can actually be turned into the two hydroxy but not the four hydroxy or the 16 hydroxy virtually all the breast cancer risk probably comes from the four hydroxy estron so you can get that from estriol put it me from estriol but you can't get it from estriol there is no FDA approved product for estriol so if woman is taking estriol which she's probably taking in a topical fashion in combination with um estriol that they usually refer to that as a buy est you'll hear that abbreviated buy est which just means buy estriol so they'll combine in some fraction anywhere from 50 50 to 80 20 estriol with estriol and a woman will apply that topically but again that's not FDA approved that is something that compounding pharmacies would have to make for a physician in terms of FDA approved products you have oral estriol identical we don't use it because frankly there is a small but non-zero increase in the risk of hypercoagulability it just doesn't seem like it's a risk worth taking like the only indication in my mind for oral estriol is for women whose skin will not permit the absorption of any topical estriol product our preferred product is an estriol patch we use the branded version I actually when it comes to hormones I really prefer using branded versions of an FDA approved compound we prefer to use something called the Vival dot so it's an FDA approved estriol patch a woman applies the patch you apply the you know the patch comes in different doses and you can trim it if you want more or less estriol and she changes it like every three or four days so you know you'll put it on your lower back or your hip but something like that on your shoulder like you just put it somewhere where it's not sort of intrusive by the way we do notice variable absorption with sauna use so if the time ever comes for you to use it we should discuss paying attention to different absorption rates but nevertheless we don't have any issues with that there are austral estrogen pellets that can be inserted in the subcue space or into the fat really and they're also not FDA approved but you know there's still used pretty liberally by physicians who know how to put them in I used to do this for my female patients I don't anymore I just tend to prefer the patch truthfully because it gives a more steady state level dose of the estriol and you can you can make adjustments easily with the pellets you put it in there you got to wait five or six months before you figured out again and decide what to do so those are basically the ways in which you would take estriol in and as I said progesterone you would do either oral micronized bioidentical or you would use a progesterone code at iUD they also do make progesterone repositories but for most women the compliance with that is low it's just messy and you know kind of inconvenient there's also topical estrogen products so you do have some women who say look I just do not want to take estriol in under any shape or form I don't want any since you know I don't want any um estrogen in my body but these vasimotor pardon me these vaginal symptoms are problematic then you can use vaginal estrogen cream or vaginal suppositories of estrogen again that won't give you any of the bone protection that won't stop the night sweats or anything like that but using vaginal estrogen products alone will at least emulate the sexual side effects what about the difference between like multi-phase egg versus whatever the mono like when you so like giving women estrogen in like more like their cycle versus like the same dose like all the time we would we would kind of use we sometimes do multi-phase egg on progesterone in the transition of parry menopause we don't do it once women are fully in menopause when women are fully in menopause we just sort of stay at the dose again the dose that a woman is on is a very low dose relative to her pre-menopausal levels as indicated by the FSH. Do you go so that was another question do you like let's in your time. How do we tell you? Great yeah well like deter let's say a woman is either pre-menopausal or parry menopausal hat like I guess post-menopausal too but determining like measuring your estrogen measuring your progesterone measuring your testosterone what when in this cycle to do it and what are the love like what to you would say okay this woman's transitioning to parry menopause you know look is there a like a threshold levels yeah we look at day five so if day one is the day the period starts regardless right even if it's just a bit of spotting whatever it is like that's that's the starting point on day five somewhere between day five and day seven we just like to do it on day five you look at extra dial levels and FSH levels that is your canary in the coal mine as that FSH level on day five starts to climb and that extra dial will start to come down but it's mostly the rise in FSH that's how you know you're getting closer and closer to the cliff now there's actually some interesting data that's looking at AMH levels and anti-malarian hormone so this is basically telling you how many eggs you have left how many follicles you have left so this is something that fertility docks are constantly looking at in women who are struggling with fertility or you know deciding if they can still do you know have kids or go through IVF so there may be some also some insight that comes from AMH but typically watching the rising FSH on day five is what's telling you this is coming and then of course you marry that to symptom so I I typically do not treat women until they're symptomatic in parry menopause so I'll you know we'll look at their labs and I'll say you know Rhonda look you're getting closer to something let's just be on guard for it and then you know maybe six months later you'll say all right I'm having some hot flashes and night sweats well okay good you're and you by the way you still may be ovulating you know this can this is what parry menopause looks like right so to me that's when you start treating and you can get away with much lower doses but point I want to make is once you're in full fledged menopause like we're only giving you enough estrogen to get your FSH down to about 25 you now never have an FSH above 25 so remember FSH and estrogen work in opposition to each other so the lower your FSH the higher your ester dial you right now with your regular cycle you've probably never seen an FSH above 12 just to give you a sense at your lowest estrogen right now your highest FSH is 12 when you're in menopause you're going to be managed to an FSH of about 25 to 35 which means your ester dial is going to be lower than it is at any point in your cycle today but that's sufficient to take care of all of your symptoms and preserve your bone density so preserving bone to preserving bone density obviously symptoms but preserving bone density also lowering cardiovascular risk yes lowering Alzheimer's risk Alzheimer's is less clear ronda the data right now suggest the following late initiation of HRT may be counterproductive for AD risk may actually increase AD risk early initiation appears to potentially only be beneficial in e4 women but not e3 women okay so for you I would say doubly beneficial to initiate at the time of menopause because of your e4 got it that's really good to know and also defining what is early in late like you know so that you know there was a study there's a couple of studies one was the elite study and one was the dops so like I don't know it was like early intervention for ester dial or something and then there was another one that was the the Danish osteoporosis prevention study and both of those studies and the in the dops one the the initiation of the they did a ester dial I think they did like triphasic or something but also they did the pregesterone so I had to just learn as well it was like the the cardiovascular disease risk or mortality went down the bbness thrombi thrombi embilism like the things that happened that can increase with menopause went down over the follow-up which was 16 years or something but these women only took it for 11 years and they started at age either between the age of 45 and 58 so parry menopause is in there and also just you know you yeah this is to me the biggest unknown question Rhonda and I don't we don't know the answer and what's what I find very frustrating is we're not going to know the answer because nobody's going to do this study I am as comfortable with anything in medicine as I am that initiating HRT at the time of menopause does not increase a women's risk of heart disease breast cancer anything else in fact it reduces her risk it clearly reduces her risk of heart disease dementia and bmd and it's either protective or neutral uncancer it's like it's neutral yeah it's it's protective or neutral on cancer I am very confident of all of those things here's the thing we don't know what do you do 10 years later what do you do when she's 60 right and again if you look at the HRT data from the women's health initiative with all of its flaws the answer would be you should probably stop but again that study is so flawed on so many levels that I'm not sure and here's where I would argue there's one area where you absolutely know things will get worse when you stop the estrogen and that's bone density so the other things are a little less clear to me there's there's some you know opacity around what will happen to cardiovascular disease risk dementia disease risk and cancer disease risk if you start appropriately initiated HRT after 10 or 15 years but what is unambiguously clear is her bones are going to get brittle again because the moment you take the estrogen away bone density goes down estrogen is the most important hormone in men and women for the regulation of bmd it is the chemical transduction system that turns force into bone building so so we have you know basically strain gauges in our bones that are sensing forces on the bones and that force is being turned via estrogen into a chemical signal to osteoblastin osteoclast to promote bone building and one estrogen goes down that goes away so if you take the estrogen off a woman 10 years post menopause she will once again go into a rapids state of decline now she's still better off because she'll still be further ahead than where she is if you put her into client 10 years sooner so you know i've had arguments with people on the anti HRT side and they say you should never use estrogen for treating bmd because we have disfossvenates and i say first of all you only use disfossvenates for three to five years too they suck meaning they're not as good as estrogen and third you can use estrogen for longer and and they say well yeah but once you take it off it still goes down and it's like yeah but it's a new baseline and it's a higher weighting to retat like you're going to have more in your retirement fund a few retire at seventy versus sixty bang so this is the big question because because i mean and my and and again we've done a back at the envelope calculation that would suggest even if the risk of Alzheimer's disease or heart disease or cancer even if you lost any protection from HRT and maybe how to slide in crease and risk given how big the risk of falling is you you might still end up being neutral risk carrying out HRT indefinitely so this is where you know the lifestyle factors which is probably only of life right but this is probably where lifestyle factors do play somewhat of a role as well because if you have obviously if you've been doing resistance training up until that point and continuing it you're building not only bone you know certainly built up a lot of bone density reserve earlier in life but muscle mass helps right and then let me throw this at you um because i've you know i've thought a lot about the nuclear hormone nuclear hormone it's basically like so so vitamin D is the one that i've really focused on and when i was doing a lot of research on it so so nuclear hormones you know we have serotonous nuclear serotonous I should say sorry so we have estrogen testosterone vitamin D is one so these are these are binding to a receptor that you know in some cases the receptor complexes with other ones it goes into the nucleus of a cell which is where all the DNA is and it goes down to the level of genes and it regular recognizes a little sequence of genes so in the case if estrogen is called an estrogen response element in eRE and the case of vitamin D is called a vdRE vitamin D response element um there's a lot of overlap between vitamin D and estrogen in terms of the genes they're regulating and so i'm wondering if avoiding vitamin D deficiency also becomes one of those important lifestyle factors because you know in some cases obviously vitamin D also plays a role in bone metabolism right but independent of that also just looking at the crosstalk of the genes that vitamin D and estrogen are regulate and they're like they're both and the response elements are they're different but there's somewhat i'm looking at that and it's like oh i wonder if there's like that seems like you might be able to compensate a little so it's kind of another interesting in addition to being you know physically active resistant training one of the most important things right um but also like i did a lot of jumpropping i was a star jumpropper as a kid lots and lots of jumping rope which there is evidence that that also builds bone density so i'm gonna ask you a question about this so what do we know about the relationship between call it naturally acquired vitamin D through sunlight versus supplementation of vitamin D uh exogenously through you know supplement do we do we have any reason to believe that those are different at the same level of vitamin D in the same like like in terms of like how vitamin D is acting so the thing is is that when you're in sunlight like there's other things going on right this is my point like if you're out sort of getting sunlight you're more active and you're nitric oxide like there's like other things that you're getting from the sunlight so there's a confounder there but um i mean like with respect to let's say forget like let's say you finally you you convert the vitamin D 3 into the 25 hydroxy vitamin D into the 125 you know at that level it's it is the same like you know to some degree i mean that's not when it's when it's binding to the vitamin D receptor like the the actual 125 hydroxy vitamin D which is the active steroid hormone it's the same um now with respect to like you know your body regulates how much vitamin D 3 is converted or is released in the bloodstream and converted into 25 hydroxy vitamin D at the level of sun exposure or set a certain level you're not making the vitamin D 3 when you've gotten so much of it that's how you avoid toxicity right like you're not gonna keep you know what's the highest level of vitamin D a person can ever get to naturally meaning if you just like took a an individual and put them in the sun put you know shorts only no shirt go out there and work in the sun for all summer like how high like how high where my vitamin D levels when I was in high school working construction I know there's like data out there where where people have looked at like you know you know people that are that are like out in the they're outside all the time but they're honestly often looking at people like in the tropics and stuff that have uh more melanin yeah which again so it might depend you know also on on that but that would be an interesting at least way to say like the body has a built-in mechanism to say I'm not gonna let you make more vitamin D than this supplementing above that would be a bad idea and it is yeah like and so that's why looking at measuring what if I think that threshold is I think going above 16 anagram's per milliliter is probably still okay like going to 80 you know like there's there's studies looking at 80 and it's still totally with lower all cosmitality um and in fact I mean honestly if you start to look at some of the literature you have to take a really high dose daily for like a decade to start getting like the high calcium but like the problem is that when you absorb when you're Biden when you have a lot of vitamin D you absorb more dietary calcium and you also absorb more phosphorus and calcium plus phosphorus can precipitate right and so like there's so many factors involved but I think most people are not supplemented like there's some people that are crazily supplementing and it's like they just think more of everything is good but I don't think most people are doing that like I don't think taking 5,000, 7,000,000 for most people some people have to take more than that because they have snips right and you've probably seen it in your patients where they're like they had to take a high level just to get up to 30 or 40 this by the way is why I think all these vitamin D trials the mega trials are so flawed is they're always doing it on the basis of A they're taking too low a dose and they're doing it based on dose not level like to me the dispositive study on this would be take a whole bunch of people who's vitamin D is 30 give half of them a placebo give half of them whatever vitamin D is necessary to get them to 60 or 80 yeah get something higher yeah get create separate reaction but be like do it the way we do blood pressure trials and we do a blood pressure trial we don't say you're going to take a fixed dose of a med we give you whatever dose of a med is necessary to change the blood pressure so we're comparing two blood pressure levels not placebo versus 10 milligrams of a drug that for one guy is too much and for one guy is too little and yep this isn't done in vitamin D and I find it infuriating that we have no really good reliable RCT data on what seems like a jugular question are you better off with a vitamin D level of 80 than you are of 30 I mean again we think the answer is yes but the you know evidence based medicine you know crowd will tell you no because this trial that gave people 2,000 IU for 10 minutes found no difference right or they they measured maybe if they if they measured anyone's level they measured like 10% of the population yes exactly let's reach that you we only got a level on 10% of people with with like you know the fact of the matter is so many people do have these snips too yeah and I remember having an email dialogue with Joanne Manson this was yours when I was postdoc and she was I think at the time she was doing the vital study it hadn't been published yet and it was like please please can you get the snip data in there can you get measure the levels like do everything you know like it's it's so important but I'm with you on that I think I think what is clear is avoiding deficiency and I do say that a lot because where are you drawing line is it's 30 or 40 where are you I say 30 I mean it does depend on are you looking are you looking at what the endocrine society says is more of an adequate level or an adequate or you're looking at deficiency where you're like literally like you know like your bones your bone health isn't you know good yeah so but for me I I wanted to do the same thing like I'm always kind of like hovering around 50 60 but I'm like should I be at 80 you know and I don't know so it's always like okay well I err on the side of caution you know err on the side of caution certainly avoiding deficiency yeah but even with respect to like all these genes I'm talking about you know like what if there's some cross talk with that there is cross talk but what if there's some way that having a level of vitamin D you know 50 50 or 60 nanograms for milliter does help alleviate some of the effects of having no estrogen you know like we don't really know it is especially when you look at the mechanism and I like I said I spent a lot of time looking at these response elements and and you know looking at the fact that estrogen can actually compensate for vitamin D deficiency in some cases with certain genes too and it goes both ways so I'm like well I feel like that should be an important component in the equation right but I'm with you on the tent like like this even the studies I was talking about where there was protective effects against you know in the cardiovascular health and cancer prevention with hormone replacement therapy when initiated like you know within a close range like not greater than six years so six years or less so if you're doing it seven years that's not part of the study um it they only did it for like 10 or 11 years and they stopped and it's like well what happens then when you're 65 and you start at 55 you know like so we don't we don't know the question to that I mean the answer to that either but I'm happy that you're thinking about it so you know one thing maybe even before we go to male hormones that I didn't mention on the female side was testosterone and this is you know I mentioned earlier of course the the abundance of testosterone and a woman prior to menopause but what's what's far less studied is the impact of testosterone replacement in women post menopause and this is something that is being studied so so by the time this podcast comes out there'll be a couple of podcasts I've released on the topic of sexual health but through the lens of both male and female so so Sharon parish and Moe Kara will be the two folks that I've discussed with on that and Moe's actually involved he's at Baylor in Texas he's involved in a study that is looking at the use of testosterone replacement in women for sexual function so both Moe and Sharon talk extensively about the importance of testosterone in sexual function specifically around libido and orgasmic function along with a rousal so this is like I mean I've said this before you know I said it I think to them on the podcast it's rare that I go into a podcast with so little information on a topic usually I like you know like you know all the answers to the questions you're asking me because you've prepared for it right but but you know usually when I'm going into a podcast I kind of know what's going on but I was blown away in my discussions with with with Moe and Sharon on these topics so the long and short of it is we have become much more liberal in our use of testosterone in women for any sort of sexual side effects also keep in mind we've talked about it but the importance of maintaining muscle mass as you age is imperative just as imperative for women as it is for men and testosterone is the dominant hormone there so again when people hear this they kind of think what we're talking about like animal extarides and it's like well yeah testosterone is an animal extarides what we're talking about is replacing women to the levels that they were at in there of 30s and 40s these are very very low levels of testosterone typically about one tenth the dose that men take to also have a physiologic replacement and that's about one tenth the level that you know body builders would take so we're not talking about huge amounts of testosterone but just restoring someone to physiologic levels can have profound impacts but is that in combination with also giving these women the the estrogen testosterone yes estrogen pressure because you you know what would happen if you just we're doing the testosterone and let's say a woman let's say a woman was 10 years out missed the whole uh yeah interesting yeah the missed the the the the window yeah yeah and and and this is something that people have asked me what what do I do like how do I how do I you know get some benefits you know without actually taking you know estrogen and testosterone um would you also give that person so the two questions there are yeah um great great question um we we handle each of those I hate to say this because it sounds like such an obvious cliche we handle each of those in a case by case basis um so I want you know I won't sugarcoat it like we're not very comfortable doing initiating HRT and women who are 10 years out but at the same time we realize there are a lot of women who are 60 today who went through menopause at the height of the stupidity around the WHI and as a result of that like their worse off today than they would have been had they been on the appropriate hormones 10 years ago and we have to make a very difficult decision about whether it's worth additional risk and I say that because we don't know what the risk is um and so the way we handle that is we basically try to figure out what is your risk of AD AACVD and cancer specifically breast cancer as it stands now and you know for example if a woman is especially high risk for one of those things particularly AD if she's a three three um or even an or even a three four four four and and or if she's very high risk of breast cancer we might be a little bit more reluctant to do so um or if we do it we do it at an even lower dose than we normally would and we have to increase our surveillance around those things so not not an easy question to your other question would we be comfortable using testosterone in isolation without opposition um I would say at this point I'm not I'm not I don't think I know the answer to that question yet um and I think that that's something that would need further study before we could sort of make a clear recommendation in in the cases of the uh in your clinical practice you're handling the hormone replacement therapy is is testosterone part of the equation or do you ask is it like a more of a symptom thing like my libido's down even though I'm also on estrogen with it's not a stand yeah it's not nothing is standard right everything is bespoke and I and I think that that's just really important for anybody listening to this right it's like you don't want to go to somebody who does paint by numbers you know paint by numbers is a bad approach everybody's on this everybody's on that no no it's like you know some women do not absorb testosterone very well apart me do not absorb estrogen very well from a cream some you know might end up requiring to take it orally some uh much prefer a cream some prefer a patch some can tolerate some some only need this dose some need that does some need a very small amount of oral progesterone you do need at least a hundred milligrams to oppose the estrogen at the endometrial level so you know somewhere between one hundred and two hundred is probably necessary some can't tolerate it at all and you have to use the iUD when it comes to testosterone there's lots of ways to deliver it right so one of the most interesting ways that's being studied now is using an FDA approved product it's not approved for this use so it's called netesto and it's an intranazile testosterone spray that is FDA approved for male use for testosterone replacement therapy but it's being used off label it's also being tested in a clinical trial for libido and women it has a higher acting so one another point to think about here is where the testosterone where the androgen receptors are factors into it so the intranazile testosterone probably is more rapid acting in terms of sex drive in libido whereas the intranazile testosterone for women increases or gasmic function so even the way in which you use testosterone can impact function and what your indication is I and a question I have is what one of the questions I had regarding men had to do with the types of testosterone like your administering but like taking a step back like you hear a lot about low T and there's this controversy around it like what defines low T is it levels is it combination of levels and symptoms so how are like we're looking at men opposing women we're talking about an average age about 51 or something like that right men let's take the same period of life from men okay 50s do they start to experience like a decrease in testosterone yeah but it's more gradual and it starts frankly in your 20s and 30s so so male testosterone probably peaks in the 20s and it's just a slow steady decline it's not it's not like in the case of women where they you know they go through puberty they have these hormones that are cyclical and then fall off a cliff with men it's sort of you go through puberty you kind of peak and then you're on a slow decline down so you're right low T is really a combination of levels and symptoms and it's really important to remember that symptoms matter because levels are really well how can I put it delicately I mean just not as helpful as we'd like to believe they are and it's actually comes back to something you've talked about a minute ago right which is how do these hormones work these hormones work by binding to endrogen receptors and they testosterone androgen receptor complex has to make its way into the nucleus where it impacts transcription factors now we know that not all men have the same density of endrogen receptors and we know that not all endrogen receptors function in the exact same way so have this problem which is we sit here and we measure testosterone levels in men and maybe we measure bio-available or free testosterone but those are just estimates they aren't actually telling you free testosterone level you're measuring total testosterone you're measuring sex hormone binding globular you're measuring albumin you use those to estimate the free amount of testosterone but that's still an estimate kind of like LDLC calculated by the free-dwell formulas and estimate and then you sort of have to guess well maybe their endrogen receptors are saturated maybe they're not but if you're giving a guy testosterone in the presence of mild to low T you're assuming his endrogen receptors are not saturated and therefore giving him more testosterone will lead to an increase saturation of the AR and will lead to more nuclear transcription but we have no way of measuring that and so what I always say to patients is I got to see a certain set of symptoms in combination with a biochemical set of labs that make sense and then we have to test it out but it's not going to be a placebo test so we're going to have a placebo effect and then if the if the response we see isn't a hell yes I think we should pull it all off and see if we notice a response in the deficit and I'm looking for symptoms as follows right so I'm looking for some signs and some symptoms most of it is symptoms so it's you know reduction in libido reduction in energy mood and then on the signs we're kind of looking for insulin resistance difficulty putting on muscle mass and difficulty recovering from exercise those are kind of your big ones and some combination of those signs and symptoms coupled with a biochemical story that's plausible so you know your total testosterone might be below the 30th percentile or even 40th percentile and your free is commensurate with that even though again that's an estimate is probably reason in my book to initiate and is there a level that you decide to go to like so I mean is there like a threshold where it's like this is too much to stop yeah it's actually kind of like what we were talking about on the vitamin D front like don't be too incremental you're not going to get the answer so if if if and again each lab's going to have different scales but in you know in the lab we use the fifth percentile of total testosterone well let's do free testosterone because we actually even though free is an estimate we kind of look more closely at free so approximately the fifth percentile is five nanograms per deciliter and the 95th percentile is about 24 nanograms per deciliter so call it five to 25 basically so if the guy is at eight and we have the the case to make that he's going to we should try TRT I'm not going to take him to 12 it's incremental like I'm going to take him from eight to 20 and see if something that and if he says to me at 20 I don't feel any different and we take it away and he says I don't feel any different unless we were only treating this for insulin resistance and muscle mass those were the only things in which case I would say we still say the course and see if those things get better but if he you know if if we were doing this because there was you know some of the other actual symptoms then I would say that look this guy might have been already saturated at at eight nanograms per deciliter where he started and all that additional testosterone may have done him no good whereas somebody else might have been woefully under saturated and when you you know increase in by 150 percent you actually got benefit from it does the like injection versus like a gel does that matter like we're very biased towards injections I think they're far more consistent I think you know you have variable absorption and it doesn't just vary by individual it varies by time of day so you know for example like if you're if you just finished a workout and you're sweating and even if you go and have a shower you're still kind of in a less absorptive state than maybe if you're cold you know what part of your body do you put it on do you have to exfoliate the skin first you have hair on the skin you know you want to put it on an area that doesn't have hair there's just more issues with it so we recommend in injection we also recommend instead of doing it every two weeks which is standard doing it twice a week at obviously a much lower dose so typical dose would be somewhere between 80 and 100 milligrams of testosterone a week so it would be 50 to 40 to 50 milligrams twice a week and that produces just a much more steady level because you're you're really trying to get the steadiest level possible and the problem with doing it every two weeks which was usually done in the days when people would go to their doctor to get the injection and you wanted to minimize the inconvenience of that you're just super physiologic for you know four or five days then you're kind of physiologic and then you're actually back to down to being very sub physiologic before the dose so we'd like to avoid that is there any like what's the relationship between testosterone placement therapy and like the prostate yeah very well studied so a couple things we know is clear is day right so we know that the lower the testosterone the higher the risk of high-grade prostate cancer so again contrary to popular belief testosterone placement therapy does not increase the risk of prostate cancer but what it does do is potentially increase BPH benign prosthetic hypertrophy so it does increase the size of the prostate potentially so so one you know needs to be mindful of that and also there are there are side effects of testosterone right it will drive hair loss in an individual who's susceptible to hair loss through the sort of androgen pathways there it can increase acne and a susceptible individual again these things are typically more the type of side effects that people talk about when testosterone is being used in super physiologic levels so I'm just trying to think the last time we saw a patient who had acne I'll probably see it once a year so these are really infrequent side effects but we do have a lot of patients who you know are concerned about hair loss and and so we say look I mean there are strategies around that of course you can take a five-alpha reductase inhibitor so those are drugs that block the conversion of testosterone to dihydrotistosterone which is a more potent androgen and that's the that's the androgen that's driving androgen specific hair loss or they might say like I've had patients say oh you know what like my my hair matters more to me than my testosterone I don't want to take testosterone so so so those are the things that we just kind of want to point out the only other thing that's worth noting is I do believe that in a susceptible individual in the short run there's probably a slight increase in the risk of cardiovascular events with testosterone and it's probably born through an increase in blood pressure so there was a very large study that looked at kind of high risk men and they were given testosterone and at one year post initiation of TRT there was a slight increase in the risk of major adverse cardiac events in the testosterone group compared to the placebo group that vanished at two and three years almost suggesting that the highest risk men probably those that were closest to having an event were actually pushed over the edge a little bit again I would probably attribute that to an increase in blood pressure as the thing that was potentially driving it so you know we're not keen to put guys on testosterone until we have the house in order with respect to everything else what what sort of blood pressure do you like levels do you like to do very aggressive right I mean if you look at the sprint trial I think it's very clear that 120 over 80 or better is the place to be and that's better than 130 over 85 which used to be the standard for hypertension right okay so we're very aggressive the good news with blood pressure unlike the lip you know we spent a lot of time talking about lipids and a listener may come away from that thinking okay there's some dietary stuff but you guys didn't talk about exercise and you're right exercise doesn't move lipids that much like you're gonna be you're heading down the path of pharmacology much sooner on the lipid front but blood pressure is just as big a risk factor for cardiovascular disease as lipids and it's way more amenable to I hate the word but lifestyle intervention you know losing weight and exercising will fix a lot of people's blood pressure not everybody we have some very lean fit healthy people in our practice who still have essential hypertension and it has to be lowered pharmacologically but for many people you know losing 20 pounds and exercising especially is going to do amazing things on their blood pressure have you looked at so I have a relative who exercises good diet like the only thing that lowers her blood pressure is hottubs interesting I in addition to the exercise and it's like very she's also a very high stress like which is obviously I wonder if it's funny I wonder if it's the impact of you know whether it be sauna or or hot tub on on hypercordicillemia that might be having the indirect effect on blood pressure because she is absolutely prone to high cortisol she's like it's a very high stress and the other thing is you know so Dan he also I mean he's exercises a lot diet like we have the same diet my blood pressure I mean like I've got phenomenal blood pressure like always always I mean like really love like I'm actually on the side of like I need to be make sure I'm not like too low but he at times like when measuring it at home by the way people at home should just get an automated cuff right I mean like absolutely yeah and then whenever you finish this story I'll walk through to make sure everybody's measuring correctly okay yes please do he has himacromatosis okay and there's some other relatives that had it and notice that their blood pressure was high like we're talking people that are like very like doing lots of super like you know you know running marathons they're doing you know like they're very super healthy and donating blood seem to help normalize the blood pressure for whatever reason I don't know which is important for obviously getting rid of the iron and hemacromatosis right but the other thing that's really helps it down is doing that now but the other thing that seems to really help him I mean he does sauna hot tub exercise you know and there'll be times when he's in his office working and he's like 135 systolic and it's like in the world that's crazy right green shakes help him so like tons of like nitrates so a bunch of like green vegetables and these are like nasty tasting shakes these are not like a tasting one not a G no and and that will that will help him as well so yeah exercise is very important but like there's also like has he tried like coca flavonoids things like that you know we I was I give that to so another story no I wasn't doing that where we haven't been doing that because we take a lot of our vitamins at night we do take some fish oil in the morning I did mention that to him because another story my mother who is sedentary she's lost a lot of weight but she's still overweight she you know she she's she's losing the weight was great I mean she's lost like 75 pounds like she's lost a lot of weight he look at the pictures it's like years to her life have been extended just by that it alone but I can't like I can get her in this sauna sometimes but it's still it's still like a little bit more of an effort but one thing about her is she will take the vitamins I give her and she's got she's homozygous for mth fr if she's not taking a high dose like b supplement along with like a methyl folae like her homocysteine will go high and her blood pressure goes up and she had stopped taking all those because she wasn't over my house all the time where I was giving it to her everyday and so I I got her you know this like sort of like battery of supplements that I was giving her including all the the methyl folae and lowering her things that were lowering her homocysteine along with magnesium and cocoa flavonoids I was giving her cocoa via she's getting four of those pills she gets forward she still takes them her blood pressure went from like one fifty five to like one twenty five okay her doctors are like they wanted to get her on anti-hat protective treatment of course she came to me and it's like and this has been like months now it's it's it's it's happy you know she measures it at home she takes she does the logs I mean so I'm very happy about that you know the fact that she's been able to do that but again it's just it's shows that there are they definitely are the lifestyle factors I know you that word but you know exercise being one of the main ones but there are people also that in addition to being very physically active like they still get high blood pressure you know yeah and there and and you know I don't think we have the outcome data to look at the direct impact of cocoa flavonoids or all the sweet of b vitamins that are necessary to to lower homocysteine and they're rampact on blood pressure but here's what we do know and again this is mechanistic and it's very strong mechanistic but that doesn't necessarily quite to outcomes but we know that as homocysteine is elevated it impairs the clearance of something called asymmetric and symmetric dimethylarginine I don't know if you've talked about ad ma and sdma and ad ma and sdma directly and indirectly inhibit so we know that homocysteine is associated with poor outcomes in cardiovascular disease and I think that this mechanism of homocysteine impairing the clearance of ad ma and sdma is the is the mechanistic link because when you directly inhibit nitric oxide synthase in the endithelium you are preventing the creation of nitric oxide and of course that's what cocoa flavonoids actually do the opposite of that so I think the one-two punch of lowering homocysteine and raising nitric oxide synthase activity via cocoa flavonoids could certainly explain a reduction in blood pressure that's really interesting I was giving her the cocoa flavonoids because I had seen the studies on increased blood flow and I'm like okay this let's we need that you know let me that measuring blood pressure yeah so this was established really clearly through the sprint tile and and this has basically been now kind of the gold standard for how we use an automated cuff so that trial was done by having individuals sit for five minutes check a blood pressure no stimulation during that time so not talking not looking at a phone not doing anything and then repeat that two more times so it's a 15 I'm not suggesting this is what Dan does or what anybody does but just so you understand at the level of how the trials are done you're sitting for 15 minutes having a check at five ten and 15 minutes you're sitting like this the cuff is two inches above the elbow and the cuff is right at the level of the right at atrium so you know you're and by the way if anybody wants to do this experiment at home it's really interesting to do put a put an automated cuff on your arm and put your arm here put your arm above your head and put your arm in the right spot and look at how big a difference you get so measurement errors are a huge problem being overstimulated is a huge problem so you really want to make sure you're getting an accurate reading of that blood pressure and we have our patience do that twice a day you know an early in the day and a late in the day check and then you know we just have everybody do that for two weeks to start and that's that's what's considered your blood pressure so you know the idea that you're going to walk into the doctor's office and get a blood pressure is not valuable for most people so when someone says what's your blood pressure it should be what's the average of those two weeks of twice daily checks done where you take the five minute protocol and test perfectly and I think everybody listening this should know that number yeah that's great I'm gonna like what I'm gonna do it um Peter so this has been amazing I mean so much information actionable information a lot of people listening here they want medicine 3.0 they want aggressive prevention do you have some tool like some some some pointers maybe some strategies that people can work within the existing healthcare system to kind of like help them like how can they you know get some of these tests that we've talked about whether it's through Boston Heart or you know doing doing the the the grail um working with their physicians to like being able to order them you know like how can people try to get as close as they can to medicine 3.0 I mean we've I hate to sound like a shameless plug we've created something to help do this because you know I've talked here about our practice our practice is super small it's it's it's it's just never there's no desire to scale this practice and we will never be able to meet the demand of the you know the people that want to come in and the amount of room that we can make because um it's just not the model doesn't make sense right it's it's two labor intensive the way we're doing it but the good news is like I really don't think you need to be my patient to get the benefits of what we do I really think you can get most of these benefits if first and foremost you are a really thoughtful consumer of your own healthcare information so to that end we've we've created this product called early um it is um I mean it's going to be fully released next year but it's having a limited release this year so we released it for four days in the spring just to our subscribers um the the the the reception to that has been very positive it's going to be released again once more this year just to people on a waitlist so anybody who goes to I'm ashamed to say I don't know the website I think it's early dot com but maybe it's early medical dot com yeah I don't know yeah yeah yeah yeah something like that and there's a waitlist and those who sign up on the waitlist will be offered the next uh window it'll be a very short window in the fall and basically that program does everything right it walks you through everything how to operationalize everything that I've written about in the book or that we're talking about here today it also allows you to directly go to any lab you want and we've and we have no affiliation with any of these people so we don't want to make any money on how these labs are done but you can you can run our panel at Boston heart and get all these results and then we sort of you know give you our dashboard on how to walk through these we give you the these are the ranges and what I hope to be able to do because so far a lot of people who are buying this product from us are physicians what I really hope will eventually happen is we'll have a critical enough mass of both people who are buying this who want this kind of medicine and physicians who are buying this who want to practice this kind of medicine that there could be sort of a match made here and you know the good news is I think a lot of physicians really want to practice this way and the challenge of practicing this way is you just have to get reeducated and that takes a little bit of time and that's why we've put this together right we we sort of take into and a half years to build this program this curriculum and it's an investment I make no you know it's probably 30 hours of video plus tons of download and both material that are you know lead you through a bunch of exercises you have to do like how to take a correct family history like what to really look for in your family history um stuff like we're talking about the blood pressure stuff how to check the labs and all those things so you know I think that that's I think that's the way to maybe not at the societal level you know I don't have the policy solution for how to fix medicine but I think at the individual 11 at the individual level just sort of taking control over it and saying okay I'm done with medicine 2.0 it's time to go to medicine 3.0 and medicine 3.0 is really about highly preventive super early personalized care there are a couple of personal questions that I'm gonna ask you at just the very end of this that I know people are also very interested in one being your ideal your ideal diet and exercise routine and other factors that you're doing um for longevity or maybe for the day or for the week whatever whichever way you kind of bunch and like what's ideal for you for you to you know improve your longevity I know that's a very general way with respect to nutrition and exercise um nutrition exercise and anything else sleep like you know song whatever whatever's your ideal like program normal sweet yeah well I will say this I I'm sure that everything about to say is gonna make me sound really rigid and people are going to be like that guys a psycho so I'm always a little hesitant when in talking about what I do well they want it people want to know what you do okay so um look probably compared to most people I am considered quite regimented um I'm way less regimented than I used to be but nevertheless here here's sort of how I think about things so let's start with sleep um I really take my sleep seriously and I'm you know someone who believe who functions best with a consistent bed time and wake up time so I am in bed usually for eight hours a night and that's typically 10 to six and that usually results in probably seven and a half hours of sleep um I'm gonna just rattle off the names of things I use because I don't have any affiliation anything so I use eight sleep as my mattress cover I love what these guys have done it's a fantastic cooling product and it's made an enormous difference for me I've been using it for the last three years most of our patients are using it there are other products out there and I've tried them and they're good this one I just happen to fancy the most great um I'm also very particular about what I'm doing before bed and what I'm not doing before bed so I really and I'm not perfect with this I'm not perfect with any of these things Rhonda but I really go out of my way to not look at anything that's gonna activate me so I try not to look at email for a couple hours before bed in fact I have two separate phones I have like my regular phone that has email and social media and junk on it and then I have what I call my bat phone that literally has nothing it's just it has like the remote to the TV you know and it has like a phone and email but like I sort of phone and text but only like two people know the number my wife and my daughter and that's about it and the camera so it's basically an excuse to have a camera and a phone if I'm going someplace and I don't want my phone with me so that's kind of the phone that's with me if I'm watching TV downstairs or something like that but it I can't even be tempted to look at social media or look at email so it's it's all in the spirit of like turning the system down before bed um even little things like I'll brush and floss my teeth before I go in the sauna because I saw them before bed as well so that once I'm done with that sauna and shower like I'm just going straight into bed um so for me that's also a very productive sleep trick there's certain supplements that I use to sleep as well so I'm a fan of glycine Ashwaganda magnesium L3 and 8 and and just straight mag oxide as well I don't use melatonin or phosphatital serenin less I'm jet lagging if I'm hot times on hopping I'll use those as well so that's sleep um on the nutrition side I don't follow any particular diet I guess you could say I eat what's what's called what we call the balanced diet so I'm an omnivore who will probably always struggle with food in the sense that like if left to my own devices I would eat everything and too much of it so I do need to be mindful about what I eat so what do I pay attention to so I just generally pay attention to not eating junk that's that's like the most important credo of my diet I would say and I say this as someone who's done everything right like I've been vegan I've been keto I've been like the most you know you know hardcore fasting intermittent fasting time restricted eating I've done there's no diet I don't think I've done for long periods of time and I have found benefit in one form another from various different aspects of these things but you know right now I'm mostly optimize around energy balance which you know stay in energy balance um and protein intake and so most of my conscious effort around my diet goes into making sure I'm getting 40 to 50 grams of protein four times a day and a lot of times at least two of those are in meals that are just like just just venison or just you know eggs or something where it's just a protein and you know there's not a lot of other stuff in it um I do make sure I stop eating at least three hours before bed it really makes a difference going back to sleep that I go to bed a little hungry um if I ever go to bed with my belly too too full it feels nice but I don't sleep as well so I really try to air on the side of going to bed a little hungry and that's you know I'm really lucky because we have young kids so we eat early so we're eating at six so I'm going to bed typically with four hours between when I last eight and when I um when I go to sleep we can talk about alcohol I um I'm in the camp that believes there is absolutely no benefit to alcohol at any dose from a purely you know biochemical standpoint um however I acknowledge that there are probably some pro social benefits to it and I happen to really really like alcohol so I probably have well I don't know it depends I mean anywhere from zero to seven or eight drinks in a week probably I don't think there's a time that I can recall in the last five six years where I've had more than two drinks in a day and I also try to do my drinking early now but that I don't mean two in the afternoon but I mean with dinner so that again alcohol is completely functionally the alcohol doesn't factor into my sleep and I know this because I track all these things and I know exactly how alcohol negatively impacts sleep in me and I know that as long as I have that drinking done by six or seven it doesn't show up anywhere on any metric that I'm tracking with respect to sleep okay exercise most important thing from a physiologic standpoint for me I exercise every day and it's in a you know it's much of what I do revolves around it's even here being in San Diego this week I mean it's like I remember ship at a great gym every time I'm here and I just know that I'm going to get up first thing in the morning and I'm going to go and I'm going to do my workouts and they're going to be completely you know they're not going to be the exact same workouts I'd be doing at home but I'm still generally doing you know four hours of zone two a week with one sort of higher intensity work out that's geared towards VO two max a week and then four strength training sessions a week so that's kind of the foundational pillar of everything I do and then there's other things that get layered on top of that like rucking and recreational activities that are also physical as well so and then the the last thing I guess I would say on that which we didn't talk about but it's an equally important part of this is you know mental health so everything that we've talked about factors into so so the right sleep the right nutrition exercise all of that factors into creating you know what I kind of describe as a wider buffer zone around distressed tolerance and then you know therapy which I do at least one session a week sometimes to plus journaling and you know doing something called dialectical behavioral therapy these things have been you know enormously important and increasing kind of the quality of my life in the past five years that's amazing I mean thank you so much Peter so if people want to I mean people definitely are going to want to hear more from you you've got a podcast that drive I mentioned it's everywhere it's on YouTube Spotify iTunes you've got a book that is a must read I read it it took me about seven hours I did a flat I mean it was but there were parts where I was like I know what Peter has his thoughts on this and I was too exing it you know whatever you want to call it but yeah I was like oh you audio read it you mean no no I read it read it yeah I read it in seven hours I did but like I said there are fast reader well I I think the the the more important factor was I'm very familiar with your your thoughts and lots of things there were things where I was like I know I know when I'm just skimming this part and then there were things that were a little bit more so um phenomenal book I mean lots of import lots of things we talked about today but even more and lots of applications there so it's called Outlive I went to a spa the other day and I saw it right there and I was like awesome that you've got a website I mean Peter Tia.com yeah I think Peter Tia M.D.com is the website that's where you people can sign up for our newsletter which comes out every Sunday and then I think early medical that comes as a separate website where where that other thing exists so question for you when are you going to write a book is this ever is this ever something you thought about? I thought about it I'm not sure that I want to go that I mean I can't imagine the work like because your book was I mean it was it's impressive you know and to write a book in the scientific world like that that people are excited about can understand I mean it's it's really challenging so yeah I mean I guess all of those things are true and yet I think as I stand here on this side of it I can say I think there are benefits to it not I don't want to talk you into doing something that's really hard because it is but you know like Andrew Kuberman is working on a book and you know it's it's hard he knows it and but books do communicate in a way that podcasts don't and they reach different audiences too so there was a part of me throughout the process that was kind of like because I started the book two years before I started podcasting and then as I'm into the book and podcasting there was a lot of time when I thought why am I doing this like this is such a waste of time like this is taking so much time and I could cover all of this material in ten podcasts like the book could be summarized into ten really well thought out podcasts but now that it's all said and then I realize a couple things one writing sharpens you're thinking so much and I'm not saying that you're thinking is in sharper that my thinking wasn't sharp but there's just no two ways about it like as I said here talking I'm sort of blabbering but like when you have to write it down you really have to get clear on what you're saying and and as I said there's you know there's probably somebody out there more than somebody there's probably a lot of people out there who would who would get to know who you are and what your message is going to be that wouldn't figure it out from a podcast so you know maybe there's a bunch of listeners who are saying yeah Peter, Teller, Teller, Teller, but I think there'd be a lot of people who would love it if you wrote a book if you decided to make that commitment. It's good to hear that for me for sure especially being on the other side of it you know because you often wonder it was worth it you know like Peter there are other things that we didn't get to discuss believe it or not so let's please do this again my podcast or podcast I want to do both because you know there's just so much to dive into and we have so much overlap in our interests that it's always a pleasure to talk with you and so thank you again really really this conversation. Well thank you for having me and thank you for for pouring through the book and coming up with so many awesome topics to to get through and it's funny that we barely got through half of them. As a companion to today's episode I've created a free evidence-based blueprint that you can download. In this guide which you can find at bdneffprotacles.com you will find protocols designed to improve cognitive function and delay brain aging. This guide explores modifiable lifestyle factors the tactics strategies and things you can do particularly when it comes to exercise nutrition and even supplementation to improve cognition and enhanced neuroprotection many of which are at least partially mediated through increases in brain-dRIVE neuro-trophic factor levels. In this guide you will also find a section entitled Ronda's protocols. These protocols are either practices I actively engage in or strategies I'm currently exploring curated specifically for their promising potential for beneficial cognitive and neuroprotective impact. These protocols are detailed and specific everything you look for in a blueprint. So if you're looking to dive deeper into these insights and start implying them head over to bdnfprotacles.com to get your free guide. It's a valuable tool for anyone committed to optimizing their brain health and longevity. Once again that's bdnfprotacles.com