Hi, everyone. I'm sitting here with Dr. Bill Harris, who is a professor at the Sanford School of Medicine at the University of South Dakota. He is the founder of Omega Quant, a company we will discuss in detail in a little bit, and he's also recently started the fatty acid research Institute, which aims to understand the health effects of various fatty acids, including the Omega-3 fatty acids, which is why I'm pretty excited to be sitting here with Dr. Harris. He has spent the last 40 years researching fatty acids and in particular Omega-3, he has over 300 publications on fatty fatty acids, and many of them, including Omega-3 fatty acids, most of them. Today, we're going to talk about a lot about Omega-3, and most people that have listened to the podcast or watch the podcast know that I'm a bit of a Omega-3 enthusiast, so you can imagine I'm very excited to have this conversation today. We're going to talk about generalized Omega-3s, what they are, the effects on cardiovascular health, and all cause mortality, perhaps on the brain as well. Lots of stuff to look forward to here, but I kind of want to just start with an opening question about, you know, you started studying Omega-3 fatty acids four decades ago, and here you are today, still doing it, but what sparked your interest 40 years ago? I mean today Omega-3 is like one of the top five research, you know, nutritional suitable, I guess, you wouldn't call it back. But 40 years ago? What was it going on? Yeah! I was told to do it. I started at, I got my PhD in nutrition in 78 University of Minnesota, and then I started a postdoc in Portland, Oregon, with Dr. Bill Conner, and Bill was really interested, very much interested in how dietary fat affects cholesterol. That in the late 70s, that was a big deal. And we all knew that vegetable oils, lowered cholesterol levels, and animal fat, saturated fats raised cholesterol. But we really didn't know why, and we didn't know if it was the animal versus the plant, origin of the oil, or was it the chemical makeup of the oil, the liquid-room temperature, solid-room temperature? What's the? So, Bill had this bright idea. We knew nothing about Dr. Diaburgin bang and Eskimo was at this point. I mean, just hadn't shown up on our radar. They had published their stuff. I just didn't know about it. So, Bill was this interest from a cholesterol point of view. Well, here's fish oil, it's from an animal, but it's liquid. So, it's got this kind of cuts across. And so, we'll see what high-fifthesial diet does to cholesterol levels. So, he assigned me to design a metabolic-word feeding study where we had three groups, you know, saturated fat, control polyunsaturated fat, and fish oil. And that's when we were doing our very high dose, you know, drink a half a cup of salmon oil every day for volunteers. So, that was the idea. He said, he wanted to know if it how it affected cholesterol, LDL cholesterol. And that's when we discovered that a lower triglycerides. Because we weren't looking for that. We were looking for cholesterol in the facts. That's why he gets started. So, the finding, so you were, so this half a cup of day, this of salmon oil. I mean, that was like 25 grams or... Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I was saying about 20 percent of my three. So, it's fairly low, as fish oils go, it's a fairly low omega 3 o'clock. But, you know, so we had to build this one, give it all the calories, all the fat in their diet was from salmon oil. Either three salmon stakes a day plus drink the oil, no other fat in the diet. He, I mean, he went way beyond any escamol intake of omega 3. How long was this one month? One month. So, they're reading three salmon stakes plus the... Was drinking salmon oil. Salmon oil, which is, you know, 25 or so grams and omega 4. All together, well, we've put with the steak, yeah, yeah, yeah, 25 grams. And they were doing this for a month. And no other fat sources. Just... And they were, yeah, they were, they came to the metabolic board and we're saying that. And this wasn't a, there was no dose. First one, there was like just one, one dose. And that was, that was it. We backed off a bit since then. You found it lower triglyst, was it like a robust lowering of triglyst? Well, there's... I mean, these were normal healthy volunteers, so they were average triglyst, right? Low was 100. And went all the way down to 75. But it was statistically, I mean, it's 25% reduction. But it's a clinically meaningless reduction in triglyst, right? But we just weren't expecting a lowering of triglyst, right? And then we, then we recruited hyperlipidemic people and did another study. And then we actually picked people with both, we called type 2B, which is a Fredericson type, you know, a high triglyst rise high LDL. And a group of people that had type 1, or excuse me, type 5, high hyperlipidemic, which is a very high triglyst rise. And we treated them and that's where we got, you, you know, a percent drops in triglyst rise. When the triglyst are very high, you get a big drop. Wow. And it was at the same sort of protocol where they were getting the same protocol, same thing. Right, the same same deal. And that's the paper that got in the New England Journal. So in a fateful day, May 9, 1985, three papers, back to back, New England Journal, and one of Omega 3. And that really put Omega 3 on the map. And what did you, what were your thoughts like, what were you thinking, that's a huge discovery, and this stuff is great for lowering triglyst, right, it takes a huge dose to do it. But people were very excited. And by that time, this was, again, by the mid-80s, now, and the work of the Danish investigators, Diaburring Bang, and Green and Eskimo, it was linking Omega 3 with reduced after the process. That was becoming well known then. And so we were all kind of getting on this Omega 3 bandwagon. And then the, you know, I've got a slide of a roller coaster of Omega 3 popularity over the last 40 years. And it does a lot of this, you know, everybody's excited. Things look great. Then you do five trials and none of them work and you go down. And then somebody does a new trial like reduce it and it comes back up again. So those were in the, fun beginning days when Omega 3 was very popular. And supplement manufacturers were starting to make Omega 3 and make claims that they lowered cholesterol out, because we did see a lowering cholesterol in the both vegetable oil group and the salmon oil group. And so we thought it lowered cholesterol. But actually, the trouble was it was in comparison to the saturated fat group. Or was it also that they were not eating saturated fat because you've had them on the strict diet and so taking out the saturated fat from the normal diet. Exactly. In hindsight, that's what happened. We could have fed them cardboard and given, taking the saturated fat out in the cholesterol would have gone down. So there was no active cholesterol lowering from the Omega 3s. It was just the absence of the saturated fat. I do want to talk about all the, the trial design and the, like you were saying, you know, people getting excited when we have a positive result and then in this. Before we get to all that, um, that's how it started. Just a couple more questions on this. It's just so robust. This type of, you know, design that you guys, the experimental design, like such a, it's kind of what I've always wanted to see, super high dose, you know, take away all the other stuff and just see what do these like Omega 3s do when you give them just in immense therapeutic dose. Um, did you guys look at any other like inflammatory biomarkers or any other? No, inflammation was not a topic in those days. Um, we looked platelets. Platelet aggregation was a big topic because that's what Diaburg proposed, the mechanism of cardiovascular protection was in the eskimos. They had published in 78, a paper saying EPA is what's causing the platelets to be not so sticky in the eskimos and that's why they don't have, because in those days, it was after a thrombosis was the cause. The thrombotic events were causing the heartdax. That's what it was thought and it's still true. Um, so we studied platelets. We got a hematologist on board, Scott Goodnight, and we did all kinds of platelet studies and platelet aggregation was reduced by the Omega 3. Leading time was reduced. They weren't outrageously reduced. I mean, it wasn't like dangerous, but it was like, affect them bleeding time was sort of like taking an aspirin. But it's still an, you know, it's kind of unexpected that an oil would do this. And we did have, we had one patient, one normal guy who had a very big drop and platelet count and we had to stop him from, we don't know why. And it's platelet count, not platelet aggregation. It's a different question. Um, and again, we're deflecified, you said, we're feeding 20 to 25 grams of Omega 3, which is just out of control high. There's no way you do that today. There's no need to do that today. Um, but that's where we started. I guess you. But even at that high of a dose, most people, it was, it was, it was pretty, pretty safe for the monk. Oh, yeah, for most people except for that one. Oh, yeah, they were, nobody had any problems tolerating it. Um, GI. Now is this where the origin, I mean, because you hear, for the most part, when you think about safety of Omega 3, it seems like, you know, is there an upper, tolerable intake level? I mean, people are more concerned, most concerned about the potential, um, you know, as they like to call it, quote unquote, quote blood thinning effect. And I don't know if that's accurate, but um, it's a reasonable concern. Certainly, if more it came from, I've been the history of back to the Eskimos who did have long bleeding times. And there were anecdotal stories of Eskimos, you know, bleeding to death from a nose bleed. Kind of thing. Now, is that the Omega 3s, who knows what else? I mean, it's a very different environment. Um, and we did see again, a reduction in play of that irrigation and extended bleeding time. But again, like aspirin, like nobody's that scared of aspirin to a point, ulcers, no, that's a problem. Um, but yeah, the classic belief is that there's some concern about Omega 3 and bleeding. And we've tried to rebut that many times, and I probably strived for studies looking at either past literature on this question, or we did one big study where we were doing open heart surgery on people trying to preload them with Omega 3 before open heart surgery. This was a Dr. Moza Farian's study opera opera study. And we're trying to prevent post-op A-Fib by giving them a big load of Omega 3 ahead of time. Because that was the theory at that time that we could prevent aphrofib relation in people by giving them Omega 3 before surgery. And well, they didn't work. They didn't make any difference. But we found that even if you give people for like three or four days, 10 grams of Omega 3 a day, but for certain before surgery, they actually, and when they checked how much bleeding came on with the surgery, how much post-op bleeding was there, it was actually less post-op bleeding with the people they got the Omega 3 than the placebo. Less need for transfusion, which was kind of cool. I mean, that that is not that we would advocate for reducing risk for bleeding, but it's not increasing risk for bleeding. Interesting. Any speculation why you think that was? I mean, we always kind of back up into this nowadays anti-inflammatory effect and how that would sort of black box because how that relates to risk for bleeding is not all clear why they would even be related. But so we don't really know why, but we do know that there's the concern about bleeding, even if you're taking blood thinners. There's no, even the FDA in their package insert for Lovesa and all the Omega 3s for Vassipa. There's like, there's not caused clinically significant bleeding. So the Lovesa and the Vassipa for people that aren't aware of these are prescription available types of Omega 3. There are still little differences between the two correct. Lovesa is the EPA plus the HAA F-alester Vassipa is an EPA-only F-alester. Do you know the ratio of EPA or DHA and Lovesa? It's about two parts EPA to one part DHA, roughly. Or three to two? So that's interesting to know that the FDA doesn't says that it doesn't increase the bleeding risk because I know of several physicians and I think it's pretty standard. Practice now that when they prescribe a patient and anti-quag, something that's going to be a blood thinner as they call it, they say not to take yeah and the FDA says if you're on blood thinners, you should be monitored. Well, you monitor them anyway. And you're going to take Omega 3 and you should be monitored. Well, okay, there are already being monitored. So there's no, there really isn't any serious significant increased risk as they say, clinically significant bleeding. You might cut yourself shaving and bleed longer than you used to, but is that are you now becoming normal? And you were abnormally, I mean, it's it's it's interesting. I just a little anecdote Mike, my son was is a doctor. He was stationed in an Air Force Base in Japan and and a one of the soul to one of the airmen on the base had a traffic accident, bad one, and they had to transport the kid to a Japanese hospital for orthopedic surgery. And after the surgery he threw a blood clot to his lung. And so gotten the gave said that they was the unheppocrine. I mean, normally we put him on heparin if you're going to do major surgery to prevent blood clots and we never put people on heparin. Japanese don't. Because maybe they're already anti-quagulated enough with the Omega 3, they don't need to do this. So it was a surprise. It makes me think that when we say you're prolonging the bleeding time, maybe you're moving it toward normal or optimal and what's normal in America, it's like a normal cholesterol. You know what he wants to have a normal cholesterol. Maybe you don't want to have a normal bleeding time either. Very good. I agree. I think very interesting point and I'm sure you're aware of this, but there have been some studies on Omega 3 playing a preventative role in pulmonary embolisms. So actually, so that would play that role to suggest that they're beneficial in that regard. Yeah. So maybe we could take just a step back for a moment and because Omega 3 fatty acids is three of them and most the time I'm focused when I think about my enthusiasm for Omega 3, I think about the marine sources of EPA and DHA, but there's another source, I all like. Do you mind just spending just a brief moment kind of? Sure. Yeah. So we generally put them in two camps. There's the plant based Omega 3's and then the fish, seafood based Omega 3, and alpha-little-enic acid, ALA, the 18 carbon Omega 3, 18 carbon's long, Omega 3, compared to the 20 or 22 carbon-blong, marino Omega 3, ZPA and DHA. And they are all in the same chemical family, as you say. The classified as Omega 3 is because they have a certain chemical structure, but they are not, it's like, you know, 34th cousins that they're in my view, that ALA has not got the cardiovascular protective benefits of EPA and DHA. I mean, there's some studies that have shown some benefit and it's good. I'm all for it, but people very often confuse those two sources. They think, the list good sources of Omega 3, they'll say salmon and sardines, and they'll say chia seeds and black walnuts and just throw it all in the together in this very misleading, because the plant based Omega 3's are not nearly as potent as the marino Omega 3's. So the plant Omega 3's ALA get, ALA gets converted into EPA in the body, correct? Can be yes. It can be. And this is one reason why I as since when you look at the essential fatty acids, you see ALA on there and not EPA and DHA, correct? Correct. Which irritates me, but you're alone. And so, you know, is there any, we can talk about also like the conversion of ALA into EPA and DHA's, there's huge inter-individual variation in terms of like how well people can be. How well people can be. Huge might be a strong word for it. There is certainly inter-individual, but there's not like some people convert one to one and other people are, you know, one tenth of a percent. It's not that. I think it's, you know, in the neighborhood, it's neighborhood two, three, four, five percent, you know, of ALA going to EPA. ALA going to DHA is less, I mean, for the EPA that's produced doesn't go on DHA. So, it's not a good source of DHA for sure. Do you think there's, does the literature suggest there's any benefit of ALA that can be separated from its, you know, ability to be converted into DHA? It could be. And there's, there's some studies that could be interpreted that way. And there's certainly our, I mean ALA can be converted by, we'll talk about later into a variety of what they call oxylippons. These are oxygenated fatty acids, prostate glands of the most common ones you think of. Those are 20 carbon fatty acids, but there are metabolites of ALA that are made via these enzymes that we don't know what they do, but they're there, they're made for a purpose. So, there may be benefits that come from them as well, independent of a conversion. So, that's, I think, future research to figure that out. What do you think the best source of the omega 3s would be for someone who is a vegetarian or a vegan? Vegetarian or vegan would be an algeo oil. So, the original, the original source of EPA and DHA in a fish is not that they make omega 3, they don't really make omega 3 any better than we do or make EPA and DHA. They eat preformed EPA and DHA. And it comes from their food sources, in which at the bottom of the food chain is these micro single-celled micro algae. And then, I'm not talking about seaweed, these little organisms that convert sunlight into fatty acids, some of which are omega 3. And so, different companies have identified which strains specific strains of algae, micro algae will make DHA or EPA or both. And they've commercialized or industrialized it and they harvest you. Well, it's an expensive process at this point. I think the more, what's exciting is that there's, I mean, if we can get over the GMO issue, there's a whole other question, but there are two or three groups that have found ways to put genes into plant or land plant and plants. That can be grown, you know, as long as you've got ground, you can grow them. Camelina is one, even soybean oil, which starts with ALI. You can get up to a fair amount of DHA EPA and DHA with genetic engineering of these plants. So, someday, we could be at the point if we will accept the GMO produced omega 3 and not be worried about it. It sounds more sustainable. It totally sustainable. You don't have to kill any fish to get omega 3s out. And that's, I think, in the future. We're doing it now with the micro algae, but that takes huge huge vats and lots of processing after the algae are grown. But if we could do it with something on scale, soy bean oil, God knows. That's very exciting because it's an important question that many people are asking, you know, the taking of the fish oil and get to, you know, supplementing with the fish oil, but how it's, you know, it's not sustainable and, you know, people are concerned. And I think, rightly so. Right, Lisa. I mean, sure. If you really, if we really attended to the recommendations that everybody gets, say, 500 milligrams a day, there's not enough fish in the ocean to do it. And the agriculture is not going to do it. So there has to be a new source of it. And there will be demand will drive it. And hopefully, we'll, again, you know, where they can turn about it being a GMO product. Right. I mean, I'm certainly not concerned about it. Give me both. What is to this? I want to discuss a seminal paper. What I think is a seminal paper of yours that you published back in 2004. You co-published with Dr. Von Shackie about the Omega-3 index and the Omega-3 index being an important risk factor for cardiovascular disease. Right. Can you explain to people what the Omega-3 index is and let's get into why you thought and think it's a risk factor for cardiovascular disease? Yeah, it's great. Just a little background on how Dr. Von Shackie and I came up with this idea is we were together in 2002 at in Chicago in American Heart Association meeting. And Dr. Christine Albert from Harvard had just presented her study where she'd looked at blood Omega-3 levels in the physician's health study. And they had stored blood from when they recruited the men into this physician's health study. It was an observational study and they had frozen blood samples. And they, after 17 years, they looked back and saw that they had a certain number of sudden cardiac death events in the physician's health study. And so the theory had already been out there from 10 years earlier that a high Omega-3 would protect against sudden cardiac arrests. This from animal studies and some human stuff. So physicians' health studies said, well, let's go look at the blood that's in the freezer of these guys who died of sudden cardiac arrest and compare to some controls who didn't die, just case control study. And they analyzed the blood and they found that those men who had the highest Omega-3 levels at baseline when they started were like 90% less likely to be a case experienced sudden cardiac arrest and sudden cardiac death. So Clemens and I were sitting after this talk have an beer talking about it. And we said, look, this is, you know, Omega-3 level in the blood means something. I mean, it really does predict, I mean, this is second study that's shown it. But this is the first one that had been prospecting. It really is just like a risk factor, like cholesterol. And except this is one that you could modify, easily, and without taking drugs, without going on extreme diets, without having to change your lifestyle completely. You can just eat more fish or take supplements and you can raise your Omega-3 levels and reduce risk. So he said, we said, there ought to be a doctor's ought to be able to know their patients Omega-3 level. So they can do something about it. If you don't measure, you can't control it, right? Managing. So we kind of said, well, we ought to make up a task. We had both, we both had laboratories, so we could say, well, we can do this. So ultimately, we over the next two years wrote this paper, brought the evidence together and explained why we think, and what we thought a target Omega-3 level ought to be. And we called it the Omega-3 index. We didn't really know what to call it. We didn't want to call it red blood cell on EPA plus the HHS too much. And we picked red blood cells because that had been used in past studies. And it makes sense because it's a long-term marker of Omega-3 status. Because the Omega-3s are in the membrane of the red cell and in most other tissues and the by all other tissues. So it was a good reflection of other tissues. And so we again wrote this paper published it in Provene, Medicine in 2004 and said, here's the Omega-3 index. There ought to be people want to start looking at this like a risk factor. And that's kind of what's happened. It's slowly. I mean, this is now what? 17 years later, it's not, it's certainly recognized by the American Heart Association or the NIH or anybody as a official risk factor. But I hopefully someday it will be. And the same sense that CRP took a long time to be kind of considered a risk factor. Omega-3, I think, definitely deserves a full variety of not just heart disease for variety of reasons. But that was the genesis of it. He started a laboratory in Munich called Omega Metrics. It's still going, and we started a laboratory in the US called Omega Quant. We use identical methods. So this is a big problem with the diagnostic field. What's the method you're using? Because you get a different answer for different methods. So that's a problem. Standardizing it's a problem. But he and I both started doing studies independently of each other exploring the Omega-3 index as a risk factor. And I think the evidence is growing quite well. What's the biggest difference between measuring EPA and DHA in red blood cells? The Omega-3 index versus, you mentioned there, you know, there are the membranes of the salal, which is indicative of many things. And it's also a long term. But most of the time, if people are going to go get Omega-3, most people don't ever get term. Omega-3 is very rare. But if they do, they often get plasma. Omega-3, your phospholipid. Omega-3. What are your thoughts on the differences there? There are differences. First of all, in plasma, of course, there are lipoproteins. All the lipids in plasma are in lipoproteins. And lipoproteins have a membrane. And that membrane has got fatty acids in it. Lipoproteins also contain triglycerides and cholesterol esters, which also have fatty acids. That's different patterns of fatty acids. So the plasma has a omega-3, and you can express the plasma omega-3 content as a percent of total plasma fatty acids. It's just that the number you get, like a normal might be 2% for plasma EPA-DHA, whereas for red blood cell EPA-DHA, which is just the red cell membrane, it might be 5 or 6%. It would be normal. So numerically, the values are different. They correlate pretty well. So if you just, if you put a monon x, y, graph, the plasma level and the red cell level, you get a pretty good correlation. But what's confusing about is the numbers different. It's like saying you're, if you don't have the same units, you don't have the same, you don't really know how to set a target. If people are talking about different numbers, in different lipoproteins. One problem that I have with the plasma is it's more noisy. They today, it varies, because especially if you're in a non-fasting state, if you just eat, you've got now triglycerides with fatty acids coming into the blood, changing the denominator, because it's a percent of total fatty acid. And if you're just had a big meal, that's going to change your plasma percent EPA, where I want to affect your red blood cell. So red blood cell is very much like the hemoglobin A1C relative to a plasma glucose. It's the same concept. It's a more stable long-term marker. It's not affected by daily fluctuations, whereas plasma levels are. So that's one thing I don't like about plasma. Plus, very few studies have really used plasma. It's hard to know what target will make a three-level would be in plasma. Do you think the omega-3 index is indicative of EPA and DHA levels in every different organ, including the brain, or is there some? Well, you hit it. Almost every organ, probably but the brain. The brain is, there's this blood brain barrier, of course, which is very careful to take in what it wants. Brain is got a huge amount of DHA. Almost no EPA. In brain tissue, I mean, obviously, in the blood flowing through the brain, it's there, but yeah, the correlation between the red blood cell and brain tissue is not nearly as good in brain as it is in heart-liver muscle. Every other internal organ where the red cell does reflect much better. New merically, maybe a different value for red cell versus liver, but the correlation would be very good. Higher the omega-3 in the blood cell, the higher the level of the liver. But it may not be the same number, the same percent. Do you think the red blood cell omega-3, the omega-3 index is better? Indicator of brain than plasma? I think I- Well, probably, yeah, probably better than plasma. But, and I think you just have to part of the brain just turns over so slow. Red cell's turned over in 120 days. Brains, I don't know if I've got my head, how fast brain cells turn over and are recent the size. But I suspect it's quite a bit longer. Turn over times, one longer. So you've measured omega-3 in many, many people through publications and omega-quant, which people can then go and get through omega-2 index. Quantified, do you see, are there like huge variations in people that are given or have the relative average amount of dietary and take of omega-3 similar? Do you see that there are still variations in the omega-3 index? Yeah, and this is something we don't understand yet. There is quite a bit of background variability and I always say genetic, you know, what else are you going to say? Even though we know that there's, we have not discovered, we scientific group have not discovered any genes that really controlled EPA-DHA levels. Well, the standard fatty acid desaturates, the fads gene, and very little effect. Mutations in that gene have very little effect on omega-2. They affect omega-6, or a rackadonic acid levels, pretty substantially. Those mutations in fatty acid desaturates. But they don't affect omega-3's very much at all. Two or three percent variability explained. Like that. So we don't know what it is. It probably an even bigger variability is the variability in response to taking omega-3. So we look at the delta, the change in omega-3 index, at different, different dosage groups, and they can be, you know, on average is a very nice to hire the dose to hire the omega-3 index. But if you look at the individual, display across those increments. Some people on the set, on of 1800 milligrams of EPA-DHA, they'll make three and next to four to 4.3. Others might go up from 4 to 8. It's huge, variability. And we don't think it's compliance all the time. I think there's some actual, there's a lot of, a lot of land to cover between your mouth and your blood. Yes. So there is, and I'm going to look this up after this conversation because I don't remember the gene. But there has been one identified where there are SNPs in that gene, and it does play a role in the response to supplementation of omega-3. And it's, it's, it's a, you know, it's a little familiar. But anyway, I will, and I will, yeah, I'll get back to you. What in the show notes? But I will text it to you too, because, yeah, some people, and I gosh, I wish I had looked this up before for the conversation. But yes, the, some people actually may require a much larger dose of omega-3. And it's really interesting because it comes back to that. And I, and I did want to, you know, talk about this. I don't want to go off in this tangent right now. But the trial design, and, you know, when you're doing clinical studies in nutrition, as you know, more than anyone, it's very complicated. It's not like a pharmaceutical, you know, the gold standard being a randomized controlled trial, which is great for pharmaceuticals, because nobody has that, at any level of the pharmaceutical and their bloodstream before they start the trial. Right. Everyone has the same baseline. And for the most part, I mean, there are some SNPs in some of the, you know, zinobiotic metabolism, you know, genes, liver, and things like that. But, but you don't have as, you know, wide variation, like you do with nutrition, where, you know, thought is that people have sort of, you know, depending on where they come from, their ancestors, you know, they make all sorts of all sorts of, you know, adapt to that region. But anyways, you know, so in an ideal world for every randomized controlled trial you do, you obviously need to measure something like the omega-3 index at baseline and, you know, after treatment and throughout perhaps, but also measuring the SNPs and looking at that, and including that, that would be something. That would be great. And I thought you were going to say, you know, measure omega-3 before baseline, and you have to meet B below a certain level to get into the trial. Well, that would be another thing is also just, you know, analyzing the data for all that, like, you know, people that are low, you're probably going to, like you mentioned with the hyperlipidemia effects much more robust when they had hyperlipidemia versus someone that was like the normal. Right. Right. And we're seeing more studies now where they, they are do a randomized trial with omega-3, and they at the end of the day, you do what you normally do, you compare the effects seen in the placebo group on whatever endpoint, death, Alzheimer's, whatever disease. And you make a free group, you pair. And you get a P die. And sometimes you don't get a very strong effect. And until you look at the achieved omega-3 index and say, okay, those people that achieved and this omega-3 index are one group, how do they respond? These people, mostly in the placebo group, but not always, never got that high. What was their response? So in other words, your outcome is based not on your assignment of groups, but on to, you'll make a free level achieved. And then you can really see much more clearly. Oh, the people they got a high level, they did much better. And mostly it's people who are in the supplementary group, of course. But there are some people in the supplementary group who don't get a change at all. And they're, by that analysis, they're in this control group because they didn't change. And they're outcome didn't change. And that's the best way to look at those kind of trials. And that would be the easiest, actually. When you even have to look at this nips because you have this quantifier of omega-3 level. And obviously, for whatever reason, for people not responding, there's non-responders. Whatever it is. You know, for whatever reason. Yeah. Yeah, that's what it's important to type-trade the omega-3. Any given patient, just don't ask him how much fish they can call it good. I know we're going on a tangent here, but is there, have you, is there a way you can sort of talk to these deleted researchers that are running these huge clinical trials? We'll talk about the vital, the reduced it's drink. And say, like, set up some kind of way for them to use omega-1 and measure the omega-3 index because this sounds like to me, you know, there's such heterogeneity in the research. And your thoughts, why do you think there's such heterogeneity? Well, I mean, if we're talking about cardiovascular randomized trials with omega-3, that's where the heterogeneity is you're talking about. Yeah, there's a lot of reasons why maybe over the last 10 years studies have not shown them. Some studies are not shown. In fact, partly it's low dose, partly it's background of omega-3 levels or higher in the population and they haven't been told for that. Partly it's short-term treatment. To me, it's silly to think you can take somebody who's 65 years old and has had a crappy diet or whole life and put them in a omega-3 trial. Given 840 milligrams of omega-3, like one capsule of Lovesa and expect in three years to see a difference in cardiovascular response. I mean, it's just ridiculous. So that's probably why the dose studies will talk about high dose has been effective because you can at least hit them with a bigger hammer. But a lot of these studies, plus the other thing that's happened is a background risk for heart disease is going down and it's just continuing to drop. We're way below what 1950s heart disease race. Now we're like a third of people die of heart disease now instead of half. And so the incidence of heart disease is down. We're at we have much more powerful medications that are widely used and some of these most of these trials had those background medication. So a lot of reasons why these early studies in the 90s, early 2000s may have worked and they're not working now when the same dose is used. So that is a problem. But I think if we would, and to your point about measuring omega-3 in the trial, both strength and reduces dead. We did the denhouses for strength. It'll make a quant. Another lab did it in reducing. And I don't know if you want me to do it too far to reduce it. But the most successful omega-3 trial in years was reduced at the four grams of EPA. And they reported that the most striking, the only risk factor they could measure or thing in the blood that they measured that would predict outcomes. It was better than cholesterol, better than triglystriides was the omega-3 level. It was the omega-3 level achieved that was the strongest predictor of benefit in the reduced trial, which makes perfect sense. So they're starting to move that way. So the reduced at trial, yeah, we can talk in a little bit, let's get into the cardiovascular and... Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, the reduced at trial you said it was four grams of EPA, so they were using the Zepa, the Zepa, the Zepa, and is this, is it the trial where there was like a 25% reduction in mortality, cardiovascular related mortality. Cardiovascular events were counted, right? And was that correlated with the actual omega-3 index, was that just the... What's correlated? That was the standard approach. We'll see both versus active. Okay. They saw that difference. Did they do any sub-analysis with the omega-3 index? Well, with omega-3 levels, yeah, they measured omega-3 concentrations in the blood, not percent count, but micrograms per mill. There's another confusion here. Well, okay, your EPA is 10 micrograms per mill. Well, how is that to play related omega-3 in you? We know how it relates, but it's confusing for the medical world when you've got multiple metrics for omega-3 that have different units that being the case in, in reduce it when they did look at their plasma EPA concentrations at the end of the study. People that had the highest, the biggest change in EPA levels in the blood had the greatest benefits compared to those had minimal change. And to your point about how trial design, you want to go there again, difference from drugs, not only do you not, when you do a drug trial, you don't have the drug in the blood in the control group. And if it's experimental drugs, they can't even go to the drug store and get it cheat. But with omega-3, if you're assigned to placebo, all you got to do is bite into one pill, and you know you're on the placebo. I mean, you have to five-year trial, right? It's going to be very clear that this is not official. And if you already believe that official oil is good, and you've seen that now you're going to be five years on an placebo in this trial, you might want to go down to your local drug store and pick out a bottle of fish oil and just take it and don't tell anybody. Or what the very least, you could be efficient take or start your eating more fish, right? Exactly. But if you measure blood levels, you'll find that person. They're now in the treated group. You know, you don't measure blood levels, you have no idea. Exactly. So, anyway, nutrition research is tough. But omega-3 is probably the easiest, one of the easiest nutrients to study like a drug of all the nutrients, because our background intake is so little. And there's so little metabolism in vivo, metabolism of omega-3. It's not controlled like calcium levels are controlled. And so tightly, magnesium levels in the blood are controlled tightly. Lucosis is pretty tightly controlled. I mean, but omega-3 is not very tightly controlled, driven by diet. How much do you eat? So, it's the reason that omega-3 has been probably like the fifth most studied molecule in medicine is because it's been easy to study in the drug model. Right. Plus it works. So, you said something that kind of peaked my interest about it, not being tightly regulated it because it's controlled by your diet. Is there like an upper level to the omega-3? And next, can you saturate that? Like if you think so? Nothing but fish. Yeah, well, 25 grams a day. Which way? In that study, we don't know what the red cell was. We did measure them. He just did plasma. But yeah, in our experience, it'll make it quiet. And we're looking at thousands of dried blood spot tests for omega-3. Getting up above more than 15-16%. So, context, right. average-Americans are roughly 5% omega-3 index, which is EPA and DHA in red cells as a percent of the total fatty acids in the red cells. So, 5% of the fatty acids in the red cell membrane EPA and DHA. Japan is on average 9% 8.9% percent. Say, eat so much more omega-3 than we do. Vegans are down around 3.5%. As our US military personnel, I'm sorry to say, when we studied the soldiers, that's about the same as a vegan. And you know they're not vegans. So, they're not getting enough omega-3. So, 4% we like to say, be over 8% that's the goal. That's been our target. So, you can get up to about 15 or 16%. We have seen two or three people out of hundreds of thousands that are over 20%. Wow, which is weird. But that's, I mean, a dolphin here at SeaWorld, which we studied. And that's all they eat is fish. And they're way about 200 kilograms. I mean, they're big mammals like us. And they're all they eat is fish. And they're omega-3 indexes around 18 or 19%. So, that's, I think that's a bad as all that you can get into a cell membrane. It's only so much- the body will only let you put so much, because when grids cells are made, they're made to be able to perform a function. And the fluidity, the membrane is very important. And I'm somehow or another, bone marrow knows how much polyensaturated fact can go into that membrane. And it's enough. And is there a difference between the amount of DHA versus EPA? I've always thought of, you know, DHA playing a more prominent role in membrane fluidity, you know, the, it's certainly, they're in a higher amount. DHA is always there in like four times the amount of EPA. I mean, unless you're just taking to EPA, then no one to one roughly. But in normal, the normal situation, there's a lot more DHA than EPA. It was just, I mean, one is more important than the other. It's just what it is. And the, when you take fish or all supplements, both EPA and DHA will go up. We need fish, both of them will go up. But typically, in, in red cells, and I don't think, I think, almost every other cell. I can't think of another cell type that's where EPA predominates over DHA. But still that doesn't say anything about the importance of them in biology. Right. Just what's in membrane. So you mentioned that target omega-3 index being around 8%. And let's talk about why that is. So I've, I had my omega-3 index measured. I was telling you earlier. It was 11.7. And it said, I did it through wellness effects. And, and they, it says RBC, omega-3 index, I can't get it that. So I'm assuming it, it may have been, may have been, may have been. May have been. May have been. May have been. May have been. May have been. May have been. May have been. May have been. May have been. May have been. May have been. This was, I literally, like, a week before everything shut down. Because in pandemic and 2020 I had done this huge performance tests. Right all these things measured and I get the megfiendics of one of them. So, sorry, I'm up there with Japanese. Oh, my, how much omega-3 do we? Well, I eat salmon. I would say at least you know, two to three three times a week. I also eat sardines. So it's like an oven. That's a big one. Yes. And then I take a lot of fish oil. I take about two grams of EPA in the morning and two grams of DHA in the evening for a total of four grams. Separately. I take them separately. Yeah. You know, I... And where do you get pure EPA? A friend of mine. He is in Norway and he makes... Okay. It's pretty... Okay. It's not getting a subscription for VICEY, but... No. No. Although I'm interested in doing that for my mother. Because I've been giving her a mine. And I'd like to keep mine in. Get your hearts out of this. But anyways. Anyway. The Omega-3 Index. Yeah. And the 8%. So you very recently published a study that correlated the Omega-3 Index to all cause mortality. And it's able to even predict mortality. Very interesting study. I shared it on social media, but I would love to talk about it. Yeah. Yeah. That was a... It's going to be probably one of my capstone studies, I think. In hindsight, we was a collaboration among 17 different cohorts. Like the Framingham Studies of Cohort. Women's health initiatives. They're all... And from all around the world, these are groups that have been recruited at one point in time. Blood temples taken. Fadi-assid levels measured in that blood. And then the investigators just follow this group of people over time. See what happens. What kind of diseases they get. Who dies? Who doesn't? And so we had 17 of those pool together. And around 40, 45,000 people all together. Where we had omega-3 levels at the beginning. And then roughly the total follow-up time when you're... When you're looking at risk for death, all cause mortality. You obviously look in a given window of time. If you wait long enough, it's 100%. Everybody dies. So you can't wait forever. You got to wait. So we looked... Basically between age 65 and 75. Who died in that window of time. And we found that the people there, the highest omega-3 levels, compared to the lowest were 15%. Or so less likely to die over that time. And it was a very... When you look at quintiles of omega-3, it was very... Dost-dependent. The higher the omega-3, the lower the risk. And that was for total mortality. We then looked at cardiovascular mortality. Cancer mortality. And then everything else. Kitch and sink. If it's not cancer, not cardiovascular, it's group 3. And we saw the same thing in all... It wasn't a strong and cancer. It wasn't as stair-steppy. Like it wasn't cardiovascular. But the highest group in omega-3s did have a significantly lower risk of death in cancer. But interesting to me is the non-cardiovascular, non-cancer, all these other causes of death from electrocution to suicide, to car accidents to kidney failure, you know, everything people die of. The higher the omega-3, just like cardiovascular, low risk. So there's something very systemic, very protective across many... Health systems in the body. Many diseases I think are just held somewhat in check by having a higher omega-3. It's not just heart disease. I think that's the message to get out. It's not just heart disease. Right. And this... 15% decrease in all cause mortality. Was that about a five year? Was it translated to about... We didn't. In that study, we didn't try to get out that. Because the... Well, basically, that meant in that window of time, you were 15% less likely to die. Okay. How long you actually lived? We didn't follow people till they died. It's all the time. But in another study we published from Framingham, just one cohort. We did see that there's roughly a five year difference. If you're at the very lowest omega-3 versus the highest, your odds of dying are about five years early. You say again, so the omega-3 index for the lowest... Well, that's probably under four percent. And this is for the upper level roughly seven percent. And this is... Again, this is observational in Framingham. Nobody's supplementing. So we haven't got people. Many people over eight percent. And these are people living in Boston. And so they don't have high omega-3 levels. But the highest quartile, quintile, was about over seven... Over seven percent. You said the average in the United States was about five. Five is. So five ish. And what's the average intake of fish in the United States? Fish. Well, what is the 13 pounds per person per year? And that's all fish. And it did write. So that includes, you know, shrimp, which has zero omega-3. And white fish, polyq, which is the fried fish that people get in McDonald's. Sam and itself, which is one of the highest omega-3 fish. Sort of the most... One of the highest that people actually eat. You know, that provides about one and a half grams per serving of omega-3. The average intake of what EPA and DHA in America is something in 100 to 150 milligrams a day. The median intake is zero. The average, because some people eat a lot and a whole lot of people eat none. Wow. So the median is zero, at least the two decimal places. But the average intake is 120 milligrams a day. Japan is roughly 900 milligrams a day. 900 milligrams. And for life, for minus nine months. Wow. There are... I mean, because moms do it too. And they, if I remember correctly, their average lifespan is about five years longer than the United States average. Right. Despite the fact they smoke more, despite the fact they have more hypertension. Despite the fact they have higher stress life, they still live four or five years longer. Is omega-3, is it known that if it has any effect on smoking, in terms of like negating something negative? Well, in our most recent paper in framing him, we asked the question, in general, we're trying to understand how much of a risk factor is omega-3 compared to things you already know for doubt. But so we know cholesterol is a risk factor. We know blood pressure is a risk factor. We know diabetes is having diabetes. We know being a smoker is a risk factor for bad outcomes. How does omega-3 compare that? And we found that in the study we did in framing him, looking at all cause more talented. That if you're a smoker and you have a low omega-3, you're 15 years of studying your 50-50 chance of living. You're going to die of 50 percent chance of dying. If you have a low omega-3 and your non-smoker, it's not so bad. Your risk of death may be 30 percent over day. If you're a smoker and you have a high omega-3, let's see other flips, I bet you're a smoker, your risk is kind of like having a low omega-3 being a non-smoker. And then if you're best case, you don't smoke and you have a high omega-3, your odds are dying or like 10 percent. So in a way having a low omega-3 is like being a smoker from a pretty mountain. But I don't mean to say that taking omega-3 or races your risk of being a smoker. Don't want people to think you can do that. Oh, keep smoking, I just take some fish or all this. I'm good. That's not the deal. We do notice that smoking actually lowers your omega-3 index. Smokers have lower omega-3 index than non-smokers from other studies. And it could be because of the hyperoxidative state of a smoker blood that could actually destroy omega-3's. Or they just don't eat fish or they only fish. It's the other explanation. So the general tack are both of our study in nature communications on total mortality with our 17th of works. And this latest one in American Journal of Clinical Nutrition, in premium. Point to having a high omega-3 level is protective in the same sense that having a low cholesterol is protective. It's about the same productivity value. And that's about 8% of omega-3 index. Again, if it's over seven in framing him. But in the pool analysis of those 17 cohorts, it was roughly about 7.8% of the highest quintile was about roughly about the 8% target. But that our original 2004 idea that 8% would be the target, which was based on much less data. Back then, it has been vindicated. It continues to be vindicated. It's been seen that that 8%. It's not perfect. In Japan, you might actually get additional reduction in risk at 10% versus 10% percent. Okay, that's good. But we're now going from this much risk to this much risk. Yeah. Well, that was going to be my question too. What if we get up into a 10 to 12 to 13% omega index? Is that even clear? Yeah. It could be. We at omega-1, we kind of say our target level is 8 to 12. And it's not because above 12 is bad. It's because we just have so little data to know just to say that if you get to 14, you're better than you're at 12. Or even to say that you're 12, you're better than 10. You don't really know that. It's just a reasonable target level. It's safe. I'm not concerned about that. And it's tough enough for people to get up to 8. Never mind, get up to 12. And so we're not trying to say anything above 8. As far as you can go to the higher or the better, I don't know. I can't say that. I mean, there may be adverse effects that pop up somewhere out there. You would think in theory, there could be. We just haven't seen them, but that doesn't mean they're not there. So, be conservative and just. Have you looked at the correlation of the migrainex with inflammatory biomarkers? Yeah. And as you expect, again, we did this in Framingham. We looked at 10 different very different inflammatory biomarkers that in the plasma. You know, patients in Framingham and correlated it with the Omega-3 index. And all 10 of them, the higher the Omega-3, lower the market. So it's just across the board. It isn't just CRP. There's also some. Fushal IPC2. PPL, I do this one. Which is kind of inflammatory markers. We'll very different. It's a very different chemical than CRP. Some bone related inflammatory markers were reduced in association with Omega-3. So it's there. And giving Omega-3 does lower inflammatory levels. Right. So it kind of stands like people like there's the. The mechanism by which these inflammatory markers lower. I'm sorry, which Omega-3's lower the inflammatory markers. And there's a wide variety of them. So you have. You know, I for a long time, I always thought of EPA being the, you know, anti-inflammatory Omega-3, Yeah. Which isn't entirely accurate because all these metabolites of DHA and EPA are. Or anti-inflammatory. Yeah. And not just anti-inflammatory. They are pro resolving of inflammation. There we go. Yeah. Which is the flip side of, you know, you can, you can either prevent an inflammation from starting, which may not be good because inflammation at one level is important. But if you don't have the Omega-3's on board, the active process of shutting down the inflammation once it starts, that shut down is inhibited. So the inflammation stays long. So the Charles Sirhan is the guy who's discovered all of these. What he calls some specialized pro resolving mediators, which with all due respect to Charlie, I think it's a silly name. I mean, there's no molecule on the body that doesn't specialize to come on. Water specialized. So they're pro resolving mediators. They're molecules made from EPA and DHA. That. And some that are made from a rackidonic that are also. Suppressive. Blackpox and A is one from a rackidonic. So that whole field of, it isn't just that they're anti-inflammatory. They're pro suppression, pro suppressing of the inflammation. It's just the important. Right. Because as you mentioned, you're talking about you want to be able to activate your immune system when there's a pathogen, you know, that's there. But you don't want it to remain active and inspire a lot of control. But in the context of just let's say, not a pathogen. Let's talk about this low level of just chronic, you know, immune activation in this chronic, you know, inflammation. Yeah. That can be caused from a variety of lifestyle factors. Sure. It's still obesity. Exactly. Obesity. What role do these specialized pro resolving mediators, the SPMs, is they're called, and Resolvins and Protecting. It's also a race in the race in the proclacities and poxy trocons and poxy trins. There's a bunch of them now. It's actually a bewildering array of molecules that have been discovered, made from EPA and DHA, that operate on different cell types and different receptors through different mechanisms. But at the end of the day, they suppress an inflammatory response that's keeping getting out of control. So, I don't know really the answer how the presence of those resolving mediators plays into the chronic inflammation of someone who's just got a lot of adipostition. I assume it will just keep a damper on it, keep it down. Again, what we saw in Framingham was all these mediators are inversely related to Omega-3 level. And these people aren't chronicling and flamed. They're framing him, people in their 60s, so maybe they are like typical Americans. So, there's a ton of research to be, and the drug companies are very interested in taking some of these molecules that are made from Omega-3 and making them drugs. They can be used. Okay, fine. One of the reasons I'm asking is because this chronic inflammation is that the root of many different diseases, cardiovascular disease, dementia, cancer. A lot of the diseases that you're measuring in the Framingham study, and also in your large 17th study cohort. And so, you know, the question is, is that, so let's talk about the cardiovascular health, for example. You know, you mentioned the reduced to trial with the high EPA, there was a dramatic lowering of triglycerides. No. No, that wasn't the reduced to trial. Didn't lower triglycerides. I mean, it was 15%. 15%. Okay, I guess that's not dramatic. But that's what a lot of people talk about when they think about cardiovascular health and Omega-3. And think about triglyceride lowering. That's the indication that the FDA gave these drugs because the only way to get these nutrients turned into drugs. And approved by the FDA as a drug is it's got to affect some risk factor that the FDA believes in. And that when it all began with low vaso they said you lower, oh, look, we can lower triglycerides by 20%. And that was enough to get them to indication for people with triglycerides over 500. That's the limitation. Only that's steep is indicated for reducing risk for cardiovascular events. It's the only one that's been shown to do that. Lovazes never been tested for lowering cardiovascular events. It's EPA plus DHA. But it's approved for triglyceride lowering. Because that's what we saw back 40 years ago. It does that, but I don't think that's the mechanism by which Omega-3 is a part of it. What do you think the mechanism? I think it much more likely to be an anti-inflammatory mechanism and anti-platelet. So thinner blood less likely to plot. We've been fascinated recently to look at what's called the RDW, the red cell distribution with. And we're just preparing a paper on this now. The red cell distribution with is just a metric that comes out whenever you do a complete blood count, a CBC on a patient. They get their hemoglobin, their hermaticrit, the mean cell volume, the red cells, and they get this thing called RDW, red cell distribution with, which is really just how varied are the red cell sizes in your blood. Ideally, red blood cell sizes should be all the same size. So the coal-fishing to variation would be very thin, very narrow. So if you divide the standard deviation by the mean, you get a coal-fishing to variation. And that's the red cell distribution with. So it's expressed as a percent. If you have a high percent distribution, you've got... It's a remarkable predictor of all kinds of adverse outcomes independent of everything else. I mean, this is last ten years. This has been discovered there. For some reason, this is how your red blood cells, the variation size your red cells is a big predictor of outcomes. Bad outcomes. If you have a lot of little cells and a lot of big cells and a wide bell curve of red cells, that is bad. You want to have a very steep, sharp distribution of red cells. And the omega... So we're interested in... Since we measured the omega 3 in red cells, you know. Maybe instead of just being a passive vehicle that's carrying omega 3s around the blood, allowing me to measure omega 3 status, maybe they're actually affecting red cell biology. Maybe they're really changing the way red cells carry oxygen. Pick up CO2, squeeze through capillars. Just, you know, red cells got a squeeze through half its diameter as it goes through a capillary. So it's got to be very flexible. And omega 3s will help make that membrane more flexible. So it could be that we're actually delivering more oxygen to tissues when you have a high omega 3. Haven't tested this this is all. I mean, I'd love to test this. So it is really very cool that... Again, we've seen that we've got a data set, 40,000 people. We've seen a very strong correlation between high omega 3 and lower healthier RDW. We're getting ready to submit that now. But the ways that omega 3s may be protective, we may have never thought of yet. Still, which makes it hard to explain to people how they work. Absolutely. It's easy to say if they lower triglycerides. It is. I get that. It is. It's so what? So many mechanisms are doing so many things. Yeah. That membrane fluidity with the red blood cell membranes itself. That's super interesting. Another thing, I'm sure you're from my with Dr. Ronald Kraus's work on small dense LDL. Particles and how those are anthropogenic. Yeah. You know, the larger a buoyant LDL seems to be more cardiovascular because it is transporting, you know, fatty acids and cholesterol. Things to solve and I miss the small dense ones that really can get stuck in arteries and start this inflammatory cascade. Well, he's also shown him in collaborator, his collaborators and colleagues that, you know, inflammation can, you know, can basically, you know, cause a larger buoyant LDL to form a small dense LDL. It's not really. The inflammation plays a role in that process. And so. Interesting. And I would love to see our guest this answers my question. You haven't looked at this yet, but the omega 3 index and small dense LDL particle. Um, we shouldn't look at that. Yeah, because. It's a bad feeling. Yeah. Awesome. I think that would be, you know, because right now, people go when they go and get their cholesterol measured. It's usually just totally LDL. Yeah. Yeah. You know, there's some good LDL. They're like, you don't want it. What is it? Good LDL or is it's not as bad LDL? The way the reason I say good is because you, you know, like when you have a damage cell, you want to repair that damage and your LDL is going to bring triglycerides in cholesterol and, you know, a flat arases and everything that cell that builds another membrane, which I mean, make a new cell. I mean, like, so it's serving a function, right? And so I guess I don't know if good is the right word to describe it, but yeah, I mean, it's got a function. Yeah. It's important for normal health. For normal health. So, so that would be very interesting to see that if there's a correlation between a migraine necks and small nonslbial, I would imagine you're going to see an inverse correlation. I think so. That's too, but obviously. And it would be great to have that sort of panel in the positions, you know, tool box, right? Really? Really? Measure the omega 3 and x. They're measuring the out of this moment so the out. You know, it's like, oh, you're a migraine necks is 3%. Well, you've got to take some fish well or. Right. And raising your omega 3 index is going to have implications all over the body. That may not be even measurable in a blood test. That are good. Good things. Right. Like this red cell biology. It behaves better. It's a more efficient mover of gases, something like that. So you also had a recent study kind of going back to the the the resolving of the inflammation. Aspect. What I think is very relevant in, you know, are are 2021 world that we live in. Forward world. Yes, the COVID world. Where we have a pathogen that is in some people causing a very bad cascade of inflammation. Right. And we published a study looking at the omega 3 index and COVID-19 associated mortality. Right. Right. We did that with colleagues here in LA. I don't know which way I'm pointing. I probably should have said pilot preprint hasn't actually the been peer review. It's not been peer review or. Oh, no, it's worth it. Helmet. Helmet. In January. It's published in January. Yeah. And it was a pilot study because we only had access to data from the 100 people. Which was too bad, but we did have omega 3 index levels and 100 people that have been admitted to see your sign. And I and I with COVID. And so we asked the question, well, you know, is there any relationship between how they did. They live or die. And they're omega 3 level. And it turned out if we look and again, the distribution of omega 3 levels was very narrow. You know, like I think I probably went from. Uh, low 3 to a high of 5. Something like that. You know, but the distribution was was narrow. So we didn't be weren't able to see, you know, all the people that had an 8% didn't really. Nobody there in the study had any percentage. So we we looked at the people who had the highest quartile of omega 3 levels. The 25% highest compared to everybody else who was lower. And those people were really half as likely you're died as people who had. But and it was 0.07 p value. So it was statistically significant by standard metrics. But in the race to understand what we can do about COVID will put up with a slightly non-significant. Strong trend in the right direction with good biology behind it to explain it. Another papers come out from children's just confirming the same thing. They saw the same thing. Okay. What about um, Japan? Do you know what they're because they're because they're omega 3 and X is higher. Yeah, I know. Do you know they're amicalli? I know a group has looked at this world wide. And they looked at. Uh, WHO data on COVID death. And they looked at reported fish intake on the countries. And they did it by six different regions around the world. And what they showed, you know, the higher the average fish intake for lower the risk of death and COVID. Okay. It's hard to. I know. So many variables. Right. Of course. But just it's it's things the right song. What that paper that specific paper was most. Most interesting to me about was not this worldwide population thing, which was just their introduction. They were doing in silico experiments. Looking at the spike protein on COVID. And they found that there's two confirmations. There's an open and closed confirmation. And if it's open, then it can interact with the receptor. Yeah. It's closed. It can't. Right. If you got hot, they found that DHA, again, in silico experiments. If it's present, we'll hold that thing in the closed position. You're kidding. No. So it will not interact with the receptor and not be taken in. I'm that's the theory. So that's a huge deal. I mean, you know the vaccines, at least the mRNA of vaccines, the Johnson and Johnson keep it in the closed transformation spike protein. They inserted a two-proning amino acids to keep it in the closed. Oh, the dye didn't know that. Yeah. So it's a it can't interact with the ACE2 receptor. Interesting. Very interesting. It's a different spike. It very important because the whole, I don't know, I'm not going to go off in this tangent, but like a lot of the, you know, terrible effects of the SARS-CoV-2 infection go through ACE receptor. And because the downregulation of that receptor occurs when the spike protein binds to it, it's through and I say to it, and there's I toast this pulls it into the cell and causes downregulation, which disrupts the whole reeninantute hunts and system and lung injury. That's a mess. I mean, heart injury exactly. That's big mess. Yeah. So anyway, this is, you know, take this with the grain of salt, but because it was in in silico experiment because it also showed that. Little later, okay. That's the same thing. Oh. That's what that's what prompted them to look at DHA. Somebody also published little lake acid had the same kind of effect. Yeah, potentially, in effect. And so they look at DHA. And that's an omega 6 fatty acid for people that are not aware. It's a, this is a classical omega 6, right? So not all omega 6 are bad. Okay. Well, that is a very, I'll send you that very much. Thank you. Yeah. I mean, the fact that both DHA and Lennowag acid keep the spike protein. Yeah. So I mean, again, a completely different mechanism than presuppressing information. This would actually suppress infection. And well, not, it would also suppress, you know, negative outcomes. Yeah. It's a real outcome for the reenan and due tensed system. Like that whole thing not happening. Yeah. The bad stuff. Yeah. So very cool. Since you mentioned Lennowag acid and I kind of know, there's so many people out there. And that talk about the omega 3 to omega 6 ratio. And how I, I'll never forget, I was submitting a paper for a review on omega 3s. And I mentioned the omega 3 to omega 6 index ratio. And, you know, how it could be negative. And this was, you know, years ago. And a reviewer just ripped me to shreds. I mean, totally came down with all this evidence. Not true. Of course, you know, it blew my mind and I was like, wow, this is, seems to be, It's all out of the sphere. Yeah. But I wonder if I reviewed that thing. I don't know too many people are more. I think I do know who they're reviewer of us, but anyways, I can tell you off camera. Okay. But change my mind, basically. So, you know, the whole thought that the omega 3 to the omega 6 ratio is so important. Everyone's so concerned about eating too much omega 6, which, you know, the dietary sources, the major nit dietary sources these days are vegetable oils, refined oils, but, you know, getting them through. And then people have become scared about getting them through whole foods, like eating nuts. And you get a lot of food. It's crazy. Healthy food. Yeah. So, what do you think? What are your thoughts on this thing? Well, I agree. I mean, the ratio, I mean, the concept, well, we haven't got that much time. It makes some sense. It's just, it's very non-percise. Because when you say omega 3, you don't know what you're talking about ALA, EPA, or DHA. It could be an AM, and when you say omega 6, you don't really know where there's seven, and omega 6 fatty acids in the blood, which ones you're talking about. And so, you don't know what this ratio, it's not, you can't act upon it. Because you don't know what you're acting upon. The problem is you can have a high omega 3 intake, an a high omega 6 intake, or low omega 6, and a low omega 3, and have the same ratio. So, that doesn't help. Because the problem is that you can fix a bad ratio by taking more omega 3. And that's the right way to do it. But you cannot fix it and improve your health by leaving your omega 3 intake alone, and just lowering your omega 6. Which, that ratio tends for people tend to do that. They think, well, that's, I got a fix it. Well, the way to fix it, there's only one way to fix it. It's a good way to fix it. It's eat more EPA, DHA. That's fine. If you want to play that ratio game and fix it, that way, okay. But don't take it any further than that. 100% agree with you, that's my, my thoughts is that really, it's, it's, it's the low omega 3 intake. That's proper. That's right. And that's pretty much what the reviewer was arguing for with a little bit of, well, you know, omega 6 is good. It's part of the cell membrane. Well, you need to know like, I don't know. So, some of that. But we've published two papers with this consortium of the 17 or 20 cohorts. We've had several other papers. All looking at fatty acids in some outcome. And one of them looked at little lake acid levels in the blood. And cardiovascular outcomes. And found that the higher the little lake acid, the lower the risk for cardiovascular conditions. And another paper looked at little lake acid levels and risk for developing diabetes. Higher omega 3, excuse me, higher omega 6, little lake, lower risk for developing diabetes. So, when you, when you look at that kind of data, when you're talking about a biomarker, it's not a dietary intake questionnaire thing. That everybody questions. We're going to do a biomarker of omega 6 intake, little lake acid. You can't make it. And higher levels are associated with lower cardiovascular and diabetic risk. It's hard to say they're bad. Right. You could turn that around and say lowering your levels a little lake is going to increase your risk for after all, scrosis and. I think those, these were a couple of the studies that the reviewer used as an argument against, you know, like they're not. Yeah. So, people love black hats and white hats though. Right. And it just feels good to have a, I hate this when I love this one. You can't love both of them somehow or another. It's somehow, I like omega 6 and omega 3. And that's pure. We can't do that. You got to hate one of them. Right. I don't. So, we do have a little bit more time. So, there's a few more things that I would, I would kind of love to get your thoughts on. Sure. One is a question. A lot of people will ask me or email me about. And it is about this 2013 paper that was published by. Yeah. Brad's Gate. Yeah. Brad's Gate. Yes. And he looked at blood omega 3 levels. I don't know if it was platinum. Plasma was full of it. Yeah. Omega 3 and the incidence of prostate cancer in a trial of people. It was called the select trial where people were given. High dose, off of the cough or all, and go to the lanyone. Millennium. Right. And he founded a correlation between the plasma phospholipid omega 3 and prostate cancer. And it was statistically significant. Yes. It was the range of high to low omega 3 was like this. Like 4.6 percent versus 4.2 percent. Something like that. It's very, very, very narrow. Very small, which makes it go well. That doesn't make any sense. Plus, I mean, my biggest, I don't criticize the results so much as the discussion in that paper. Because they said, therefore, air go, taking fish oil or eating high omega 3 fish is going to cause prostate cancer. They turned to an association into a cause infect. And that study, you weren't allowed to be on an omega 3 supplement. Nobody in that study was on an omega 3. Since so they, these guys already had a bent that they didn't, they wanted to show something bad about it. Supplements in general. Omega 3 happened to be supplemented to your work. And so they're discussion and what they said on TV and what they said on other interviews was what went way beyond the data. The data itself have not been confirmed. They've been refuted by other studies. Those studies don't get any press, of course. And you're left with this weird thing hanging out from now eight years ago. That still pops up that hopefully this podcast will not cause somebody to go look at. Because if you do look at it, realize that the levels of omega 3 are very tiny. Plus, I mean, we, we submitted a letter to the editor about that. Me and Michael Davidson. And one of the things we pointed out was there's evidence that in, in, some cancer cells, they can actually upregulate fads, activity. And you might actually be making some more omega 3 because you got cancer. If, I mean, that again, it's a very tiny difference in levels between those who didn't get cancer. But there are other mechanisms one, if it was even true, then that you can explain it by. And, and when you have expected it to be repeated with yet there were other studies that you mentioned that refuted that weren't. That show that actually omega 3 is more protected. A, even prostate cancer. But I don't know if you, you want to know my thoughts too on this with the fact that you're not sure. My allowed to ask her. I mean, so I, you know, the fact the trial design, the fact that these men were actually, they were given, like, it was a 400 I used of alpha to cough or all or selenium. Sure. I mean, the, the 400 I used of alpha to cough or all, my mentor Bruce Aims and his, one of his postdocs had shown that when you give, like, a high dose of alpha to cough or much, like, the RDA of it is like 25. It's 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10. Something like that. Yeah. That you basically deplete another, to cough or all, gamma to cough or all, which is anti-inflammatory. And so there's this, you know, it's, it's actually not good to take meggadosis of the, the alpha to cough or all, the alpha to cough or all, homo, vitamin E. And so it's, you're looking at blood samples from a very confounded, you know, cohort. Yeah, you're assuming the sling of an alpha to cough or head and all the fact on the fake. Right. And we have no idea what could have happened, right? So I know that. That's interesting. Yeah. And then plus the, the, the lack of confirmation of that study, it's just, I kind of want to, like, you know, get this out there. I mean, this, the study, it was not believe this, so not let me know. It's, it was a sensational headline as anything that is thought to be good for you, but then is not good for you and not only not could, could be bad for you. Totally, they love you. You know, yeah, it makes, it makes the headlines. So, let, we got that tangerine. Me too. So what is your personal Omega 3 intake look like? Um, two to three grams a day from supplements. Um, and don't really have a favorite supplement. I kind of, you know, like your friend Norway. I have, people send me supplements. Oh, yeah. Try this. Um, and then salmon, I probably want to wait for sure. Try to do more, but at least once a week. Uh, so my index is around 10. Mine is, the, you know, a lab, we have high controls and low controls for our assays and so. They're always getting my blood for the high control. Um, so they want to have a 10% they want to have a 3% when we do our assays at a may quant. And so it's, it's got to, because of that, I have to keep it up. Right. So I'm pretty diligent taking my Omega 3s. Um, what are your, so we, we, we talked a lot about cardiovascular disease and some all cosmetic. Howlady, we didn't talk about all the studies. I mean, there was the, there was, there was too many, there's too many. The, the vital study. Well, I do want to get your thoughts on, you know, the, the, the strength study and, and why this was the, with the use Lavasa, what, what are the things that you just think called epinova? Epinova. And which is a, epa plus dHA same ratio is in Lavasa except they're free fatty acids, not ethylastras. So they're unistarified. Um, epa and dHA, which, which, which they had previously shown are more readily absorbed. You don't have to hydrolyce them. They're already free fatty acids. But the trouble with those is they're also pretty in, um, irritants. They're, their, GI irritants free fatty acids are. They're going to do encaps, they had to, um, interact with coat the pills. Um, so at the end, so that's fine. Um, why did strength, which was a bigger study than reduce it, but inversely the same kind of patient. High cardiovascular risk, high triglycerides, on statins. That's, everybody had to be in their 13,000 people worldwide. And, um, placebo was corn or was olive oil and strip olive oil. Um, they found no effect at all. Um, and stopped study early. It was a matter of fact, um, for futility. And it was the biggest shock to everybody in the omega-3 world that it didn't work. And nobody really has a good understanding of why. And, you know, people come up with ideas, you know, like they were healthier. Well, I mean, it was done like two years after reducing the food done. I mean, and probably recruiting out of the exact same sites as well around the world. The multiple countries are involved. Um, I don't think that makes any sense. To me, if I had to guess that there may be some chronic, I mean, your GI track is not designed to be taking in four grams of free fatty acids every day. It's just not designed for that. And there may be some that may induce some kind of chronic inflammatory response. It's going on systemically from taking these detergents. Right. Um, certainly if they don't, um, and they want to be studied like for 12 weeks and other studies. And they show they're nice absorption, lower triglycerides. They do very well. And they've had, but for four or five years of taking this every day, I bet there was some chronic. And it's like chronic inflammatory thing going on that erased any omega-3 benefit. And they didn't measure any infection. I mean, CRP even they didn't see any difference. Yeah, it's not very sensitive. Yeah, I mean, that's all they measured. So that's the only metric they have. So nobody knows. I don't know. Yeah, I don't know. But that way. So they cut the officer, the study. So early, and you said they were, you know, the participants were of the same sort of health status of the doctor. But if you look at the adverse or the fatalities, there were much fewer. Is that because you stopped it early or is that why? I mean, no, no, I mean, yeah, I've got an interesting slide showing the event rate in Reduce it in the placebo group, which is like this. And the event rate in the treated group, which is lower 25% lower. And then you look at the event rate in strength. And both placebo and active were even lower than the event rates in the treated group and reduce it. So there's something, there were fewer events, a lot fewer events. And maybe nobody knows how to explain that either. And you really, theoretically, can't put these curves on the same graph. It's not the same study. But it was very close to the same study in my view. Well, the other thing is that the EPA versus the one that had EPA and DHA. And what are your thoughts? Like, you know, I hear people, I mean, you see headlines that say, oh, DHA can negate some of the positive effects of EPA in the hospital. I don't believe that. I mean, I think there's an effort by those who want to promote the EPA only product to identify DHA in any way they can, which I don't think is appropriate. And I don't think we have the evidence for it. Just because this study didn't work, doesn't mean DHA counteractivity effect of EPA. Can't draw it. You need to do a study with the AHA. That's what needs to be done. A pure DHA versus pure EPA versus maybe a combination would be optimal versus placebo. So a forearm group like vital, you know, vital it to 25,000 people. Four arms, the environment D. I love to see a vital with four arms of EPA alone, DHA alone, the combination and placebo. And see what would have. And measuring the omega 3 index. Totally. Yeah. I mean, that sounds like a trial. I think with the vital study, you know, it made headlines because the, well, it didn't work. Well, the primary outcome didn't work. The primary outcome didn't work. Did it not work in your opinion? No, it did work in my opinion. The primary outcome was with a composite of multiple different kinds of outcomes. And if you look at the individual elements, there was benefit. There was reduced to major reduction in risk of heart attack. And even in people who didn't who ate little fish or half the lower half of the fish intake, they got a significant reduction in the primary endpoint. Right. So there was, there was good outcomes in that study from taking 840 milligrams. So it's a one capsule of little days in. And that's not much. It's not much. So I think it was a positive study. Yeah. And that study itself kind of proves because it, because it was LeBase, I, which is the EPAHA combo that DHA campy negating. Because. I suppose the other side can say well, it's, yeah, it would have been much better for a system. Right. It's the four grams of what was important with reducing four grams of days, which is five times higher than anybody's ever used before. And that, that showed benefit. And I think everybody said, oh, okay, that makes sense. You know, we got a high dose finding. Now we see some serious benefits of omega-3. I just wish that strength had turned out with same dose for grams of the EPA-plus DHA. I wish to turn out, but it didn't. So you know, you take a big risk in these trials. Right. And you kind of just mentioned what your ideal trial would be with the DHA, the combination of the combination of the. I'd love to. And who's going to fund that? I don't know. Well, any other, any other clinical trial designs that if people are listening, scientists or. Well, I mean, the, the, the, the, the fundamental thing to do is something you mentioned earlier is to, is to measure omega-3 levels. At, at BASELINE are normally allow people in who've got a below normal. And if you're going to have a high dose of omega-3, then you're going to have a high dose of omega-3. And it's not going to potentially not going to help. It's like recruiting people who are statin trial when their cholesterol's, you know, 100. It's silly. There's nowhere to go. So I think that would be, that's one of the main things to do. And then of course to follow it up with an analysis based on blood levels of chief, instead of just by. Rupert sign. Yeah. Are there any other areas of omega-3 research like maybe sports medicine, joint health, the brain, that? Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. We still have a little bit of time. We do. We do. Well, brain, we're, we're working on a, on a paper right now again from one of our cohorts. Looking at, you know, omega-3 index predicting risk for Alzheimer's. And dementia. And it does. It's just nice. But it's, that's kind of what's you'd expect. We're looking for an interaction with apo-ege for genotype and not quite there. I think probably sample size is not, but it didn't. Generally, I mean, if we control for apo-e levels, we find a still have a significant benefit of higher omega-3. We control for it. But if we stratify by apo-e-4, non- apo-e-4. It looks like the benefit is little better. The curve is steeper. The relationship is stronger in those that are at the higher risk. I, you have the e-4. Then those have low risk. But I think because our sample size is too small at this point, you can't get a official interaction. I mean, value. So, so that it's actually, the preventative power is better in people who are sicker. And who are higher risk? Right, higher risk. Which is kind of what you feel. And this is a great work because a lot of the omega-3 brain or dementia are also which is these research has always been fixing someone already. Has it trying to improve memory? Very hard to do. Very hard to do. Very hard to do. Yeah, I mean. Which is out of the bar. It is. So, if people that do have a genetic risk for Alzheimer's disease, if they know that they can increase their omega-3 index by supplementing with omega-3, and or increasing their fatty fish, like salmon or sardines that have high omega-3 in it, to prevent and stay off dementia. I mean, that would be, it's very important. And it's like low hanging fruits. It's a very safe way to help reduce risk. Put it off for X years. I don't know how many years you may be putting off dementia. We'd like to try and figure that out. Since we're talking about the brain, I mean, another area that I am very interested in, much like your daughter who is also a PhD, which is also a registered dietitian as well. I'm just going to introduce Dr. Christine Jackson. Is the role of omega-3 in development. And, you know, you guys that omega-1 are doing some really interesting, getting gathering some interesting data because you are looking at, and maybe you can talk about this, how you're looking at the omega-3 index in pregnant women, and lactating women. Yeah. Right. I think one of the, one of the high points in omega-3 research has been a, a cognitive report from a couple years ago, reporting that looking at 70 trials in pregnant women, given omega-3, that the giving omega-3 reduces risk for premature birth, especially early premature birth before 34 weeks. premature birth, garden varieties before 37. But the effect on reducing risk for early premature, which is the most challenging one for the baby and the mother and the NICU and the entire financial system. Reducing risk for that. In fact, in this meta analysis, Middleton was the first author on this meta analysis. They said, at this point, no more research should be done on this, the question is settled. And then, two months later, the biggest study done in the field came out negative. So, what do you, which is the orp trial from Australia. But in that trial, unfortunately, there was apparently compliance with DHA supplementation, which was not very good. So, the change in omega-3 index was not much in that big trial. So, they didn't see a benefit, it could be because women weren't taking it. That's a problem. But we do have a test we developed in a marriage one called the, RBC, mothers DHA test, RBC DHA test, I don't remember any of them. Let me get in trouble. But anyway, it's a test for pregnant women to measure their red cell DHA levels. And we think being over 5% is where you want to be. I mean, there's no guarantees you're going to prevent preterm birth. There's so many factors that go into a woman delivered, certainly. But from the risk factors we can control, if you're down at 3%, that's the high risk group for preterm birth, over 5%. It's not a problem. So, there's something an obstetrician could easily measure, dried blood spot test, could measure that, and counsel a pregnant woman, you're too low, take more, you know, you're already supposed to take DHA. People know it, but if you have a blood test that says you're low, you might actually do it. Right. It's the compliance issue, I think. So, that's an important area of research now to try to figure out how to operationalize that, get that in the clinic, get the use of an omega-3 test in pregnancy in the clinic. This 5% omega-3 index, you're talking about in the context of potentially helping prevent premature birth. What about development? Pre-indevelopment. Pre-indevelopment. Yeah, I mean, that's the other side of it. We're looking at mom and the delivery issue with premature birth. But, yeah, there's plenty of evidence that having a higher omega-3 level in mom, I mean, it's mixed evidence as is everything. If you look several years down the road, kids do are doing better in some studies. Yeah. And I'm doing worse than ever doing worse. They're doing no different or better. Right. And so, there's a long-term benefit, probably, to the kid for having higher omega-3 in utero. I think there was a recent study that was published where it was randomized trial. When women were given like 200 milligrams of DHA or a thousand milligrams. Right. It's a study from, no, a door. There's a name of Kansas University, Susan Carlson. They published it and they found a benefit in pre-term birth. But they also found benefits and other adverse outcomes, reduced risk for adverse outcomes in the delivery. They are, at this point, they haven't looked at mental outcomes in the baby. This is all about first. Okay. So, I'm thinking of other studies. But, yes. So, I'm very important, I think. Yeah. I'm making it for you, it's just important across the entire life span. It lifespan. Exactly. You're talking about development to the way you age. And in a way, I mean, we're talking about sustainability. That isn't issue, but it is a low-hanging fruit to some degree for people that are willing to. Yeah. Right. Make that much of that. So, all these problems are once. Right. And so, I know from my mother, who was, you know, she's mostly sedentary and she kind of tries to eat. She must eat what she wants. She tries to follow my advice to some degree. But the one thing that is like consistent about her is she gets her supplements like every day. And that includes two grams of EPA. And, you know, vitamin D. But, you know, that's good. The low-hanging fruit. That's a way. Because it's easier to take those pills than to change your diet. And, you know, much as we in nutrition would love to say, get it from food, we're real. You've got to be realistic. Some people are not going to do it. And so, you don't withhold plan B, which is, take your from supplements. Do you think there is, so you mentioned just this, you know, one thing about the dose is that I've been wanting to ask you about, you know, the, the, the, the, the, the the Vlas, La Vaza and the, um, epinome. Vesepa. Vesepa. Um, they're sort of like capped out a foreground. Right. That's what originally when the folks are black sauce, myth flying, took low, phaser. You just need to be called Omicore. Took low phaser to the FDA to get it approved. Um, their studies. They did dose response studies. And they got on triglyceride reduction. And they got good enough at four capsules a day of triglyceride reduction. So they said, let's use that. But they got better at eight grams. Better triglyceride reduction. But who's going to take eight grams a day, who's going to afford it? Who's going to act, there's a practical wall. You kind of run into so four grams was nothing magic. It's just what the data that was brought to the FDA to get approval for La Vaza. So now everybody's kind of capped it for ramps. Not because higher wouldn't more better. That's what I want to ask you. Yeah, we'd just like to see that. I mean, if higher would work better, shouldn't we know that? I mean, it would be nice to know that. And then you do have the obstacle. What are you going to do it? And then you have your genetic engineering come in and figure out how to make it more doable to get eight grams. Oh, yeah. Right. I mean, because we will solve these problems eventually. We will. So we need to know that if the data's there, we should do it. And we'd but without having the data, we won't know. And so. So you're point very well taken. Yeah, it should be looked out. I used to see that. One last question about safety. And this was something that was found as a guest you call an adverse side effect in the clinical trials. I believe it was both in the reduced it in strength. Right. Where there was a small. But I think. It was a significant increase in. A trial. Fib relation. Right. A Fib. And this was in people that already had preexisting heart condition. Right. Right. And. Yeah. And then they looked in vital and there was there was a slight increase. But not statistically significant. Okay. And that was a lower dose was 800 milligrams instead of 4000 milligrams. Yeah. So yeah. And this is not been settled. What's causing this. And I haven't got any magic answer either. Talk to cardiologists about it and they go. I don't know. It hasn't. It wasn't seen for 20 years. 25 years of randomized trials. Nobody saw it. So why in these studies two of them. Forgram dos. So that. And that could be. It could be that. You could give or maybe give a negative cooking, maybe. And for at least this could be. That's why I didn'tache three forgiven giving that high a dose to be. You might want to be a little more tentive day to be there. But there is no increase was oui vaist was back we're Detroit, going back at Khe [...] Yeah. And we're trying to make it, you know, tend to get a figure out. We're in our coalition of studies or 1720 cohorts. We're looking at the question of incident, AFIM. It's a function of baseline omega-3 levels. Did people have the highest omega-3 been followed out over years? Are they more likely to develop AFIM or not? So we don't know yet. We're looking at that. And how common is this? In Japan, you know? I know. I don't know. I know. Two studies have been published already looking at that question. We're looking at two individual cohorts that followed people out and said higher omega-3 at baseline lower risk rate. So. So, yeah. It's not four grams a day. So maybe that's it. We'll see. Well, I wish we could keep talking more because there are so many more things that I would love to talk to you about. But I just want to thank you so much for your contributions, the field and the person. It's been fun. Coming out and having this conversation with me and people people that do want to continue and looking into your research, they can find out more about you like the best place. Well, I go to go into either omegaquant.com. So I'm linked to my biography. My bibliography is there. Or at our fatty acid research institute. You just look for the fatty acid research institute to find it. It's the websites kind of weird to say. But it's those two places will believe outline who I am, what I do, what have done. Encourage people to get omega-3 testing. So they can know how to manage their own health. Your omega-3, quant also you have a social media, Twitter, Twitter handle for the omega-3, quant. A mega one. Sorry. Omega-1. And you also have a podcast. We have a podcast that we're doing for omega-1, called omega matters. So once a month, we try to get together with omega-3 expert, not me. And I interviewed them last time we did Dr. Yoran Dyerberg, the real founder of the omega-3 story. So it was sweet to talk to him. But like that. So that omega matters isn't fun, little podcast. Okay. And everyone can find that on the omega-quant.com website. Or writer YouTube. All right, folks. Thank you so much. Thank you. It's great time.