You can actually gain muscle on point 8 grams of protein. Maybe you can gain more muscle on one point two, but you can still gain muscle on the point 8 grams protein for curing and body mass per day. The body is much smarter than we think. The question I was of being asked the most is do I need to take the protein before or after the exercise session? Which is almost the same question you are asking, should I do the exercise before the meal? Or after the meal? It's basically also the same thing. It doesn't really matter that much because exercise makes the muscle more sensitive to the stimulation of muscle protein synthesis through food intake, but it does so for up to 24 to even 48 hours. So much of the responsiveness, the antibiotic resistance can be overcome by physical activity. So my question is, do what extent is antibiotic resistance not for the greatest amount? Simply secondary to a lower physical activity level? I'm delighted to be sitting here with Luke Van Loone, who is a professor at Masteric University in Netherlands. He is well known for his significant contributions in the field of exercise and nutrition, particularly looking at how protein metabolism affects muscle adaptations, how exercise affects protein turnover. I'm very excited to have a discussion with you today, Luke. Maybe we could start at the beginning. Why protein is important? Why we need protein? So it's interesting to realize that all tissues or living tissues, so also a skeletal muscle tissue, is constantly being synthesized and broken down. And that is always hard to imagine that every tissue in your body is breaking down, building up against all the constituents are constantly being renewed, be mobilized, be furnished. And so for muscle that happens that arrayed at 1 to 2% per day. Which means that in say 50 to 100 days, you have completely renewed your muscle. And so that renewal is actually one of the factors that makes it able to adapt to to choose to become bigger if you become a bodybuilder or become smaller when you actually don't move around anymore. So that dynamic, that is why we, yeah, that's what tissue is. And that tissue requires constant renewal and therefore needs protein, or at least the building blocks of proteins being amino acids. So there's protein requirements that have been established by a variety of committees, World Health Organization, and those protein requirements are generally 0.8 grams of protein per kilogram body weight. Can you tell people what evidence that, you know, those requirements were established on or how that was based, where it came from? Yeah, that's always that, that is a lecture on itself. So in the past, people did a lot of nitrogen balance studies. So amino acids contain nitrogen, and so nitrogen goes into the body, yes, as protein, and nitrogen also leaves the body, as nitrogen, but then as urea or in, in the urine. And so measuring the balance between what goes into the body and what leaves the body gives a nice way of seeing whether you're in a positive negative balance or neutral balance. So what they've done in the past is basically give people a low protein content diet for one or two weeks, a moderate or a high amount of protein. And see what it become in the positive or negative balance. And the assumption is if you're in a neutral balance, it's good. And if you actually give a low protein diet, you go down to 0.66, then you actually can stay in most people, actually stay in a neutral balance. And then they suggest that with some leverage on top, we actually get to the point eight grams. But that is, I regard that as a minimal requirement to stay in balance on the diet that has been provided for one to two weeks. And that's a little bit an issue because first of all, that's a metallurgical issue with nitrogen balance. It's difficult to really figure out how much nitrogen goes in because people always underreport whether eating. And the second part is, there's also some nitrogen leaving the body that you don't measure. For example, in an air or if you fight a skin. So that's already an issue. But the other thing is, the body can adapt to more or less protein. So being in a certain balance doesn't guarantee that that is actually your requirement or your optimal requirements. And that's where all the discussion comes from because as I said, if you have your muscle turning over and you give it less protein, the turnover will actually go down. Is that a good thing? Is that a bad thing? If you have a house and you want to renew it, do you want to change a lot of things or do you want to stay and not do anything? Another, you can compare with getting money. If I give you less money, you'll probably buy less foods or cheaper foods or you go for discounted foods. If I give you more money, you're probably buying more expensive foods. But you still get the same need, you feel the same needs. That makes any sense. So turnover and requirement, we don't know how that varies. I mean, people can adapt to a higher protein intake diet, people can adapt to a low protein intake diet. So you said people in the studies that were used to determine the requirement or being in neutral, at least being in the neutral balance. Where these people older, younger, where they mostly sedentary, physically active, or as any of that, what's known and what's not known. Those studies in those years, those were most of all healthy people. As only a few studies that actually had older, really older people in there and most of them were relatively healthy and lean. So yes, there might be differences, whether you become more obese, you're more active, you're older, a younger, you're male, you're female. So those may all change the requirements. But I think one of the things that we always lose perspective off is what is requirement. What is required for optimal health? And that's of course, depends on what you're used to. I mean, there's no studies that are done that as far as I know, but if you actually have a protein intake lower than 0.8, would you disappear? I don't think so. There's people that actually survive on much less protein. And so they can regain a certain balance. But also people that overconsume protein can regain a balance, so the body adapts if we weren't able to adapt, we wouldn't be alive today. So how is that that people that are consuming really low protein diets? I personally don't subscribe to that type of diet myself. But there are many people, as you said, that do consume low protein diets, whether it's by choice or not. But you're right, they don't disappear. I mean, when you get to the extreme level, they look like they lost a lot of muscle. But is there some sort of adaptation in other organs that change the way protein is distributed or absorbed? Very, very good question. So when I start talking about something, it's almost in 99.9% it's about muscle. And also a lot of your viewers will discuss muscle. But of course, the body consists of all these different issues. And if I tell somebody that his arm, his muscle is actually reconditioned completely in two to three months, people are amazed. But then if you start looking at all the other issues, you'll get even more amazed. And so we started doing that, looking at turnover of other organs. Now you can't stick a needle in the liver and in the pancreas and in the brain, just like we do in muscle in order to measure turn over. But we actually do this prior to surgery. So over the last few years, we've actually put traces, stabilized it up, labeled amino acid traces in the body. And then measure the turnover rate of all the other tissues prior to surgery. And then during surgery, the tissue comes out and then we were happy to take some of that tissue to measure the turnover rate. Now, translating that more and popular scientific, you have a new liver in the week. You have a new intestine in two days. You have a new brain in three weeks. Brain turnover, for brain protein turnover is about three times as fast as muscle. So all of these tissues are constantly breaking down and building our breaking up. So every constituent, all the amino acids are constantly being changed. I used to tell that muscle is the most important organ and responsible for most of the protein metabolism, simply because you have about 30 kilograms of muscle in your body. But the turnover rates of all your other organs is much higher. So actually, you're in a whole body level. I think muscle isn't that important for total. So in a total body, we synthesize on a daily basis about 300 grams of protein. And how much do you eat about 70 grams? So that means that we are that we're recycling 230 grams of amino acids on a daily basis. So realize constantly, one of amino acids is being released from a protein in your brain. It gets back into your circulation. It's being actually used to synthesize your left, your right toe. And that is constantly happening everywhere. And so it's amazing that we reuse all these amino acids in the body and then we renew them. We fresh them with only 70 grams. And that's why we need protein. Now, if you refresh with less protein, probably as you suggest turnover rates of some of the other organs might go down. Which once we don't know, we know a lot about muscle, you hardly know everybody about anything about all who had the other organs respond to protein intake. So there's a lot to learn. Okay. What about people that are engaged in resistance training? So you are you are putting a stress on your muscle. And obviously there's going to probably increase the turnover as well. So how much do the demands in terms of protein requirements go up? Now, I know it probably depends a lot on what your goals are, your goals to be in a lead body builder or our your goals to stay off muscle atrophy. But it'd be nice to have, you know, what are some of the requirements for protein intake with people that are engaged in frequent resistance training, also some aerobic conditioning, not elite athletes, just regular people that are committed to health and also peer a lot in the body building community that you should just eat one gram of protein per pound, which is 2.2 grams per kilogram body weight. I'd love to know what your thoughts are on that as well. A lot of questions there. So the first thing is protein synthesis is not the same as muscle protein accretion. So the building of muscle is not the same as reconditioning when people like to fill up myself, we measure muscle protein synthesis. Now, the muscle protein synthesis goes up after exercise when you do endurance type exercise, but also when you do resistance type exercise. The long term adaptation of course is completely different. Look at the physique of a marathon runner and a body builder. There's hugely different, but they both have very high muscle protein synthesis after training session. So the protein synthesis is a measure of to what extent as the muscle recondition to become more adapted to the type of exercise that you perform. Now we do see that if you ingest more proteins above point 0.8 and towards say 1.6, 1. even some people suggest 1.8 that you get a more efficient reconditioning. Now does the muscle need all that protein? No, because for example, in the endurance athlete, the endurance athlete is not gaining weight at least I hope not because that wouldn't be good for him. But he actually is renewing that muscle much faster and that requires fresh proteins coming in. Now what I said, the optimal requirements we don't know, but we do know, is that at least for muscle mass gains, so for the resistance type guys that want to gain more muscle, that it tends to have greater gains in muscle mass and muscle strength if you consume more protein than is what being advised. So if you go towards 1.2 or even 1.41.6, now going either higher than that, I think it's not relevant. It's not necessary. It's also a bit of a self-fulfilling prophecy because if your body adapts to more protein, it will need more protein. So that is just natural in the situation, your body adapts to its use. So you can actually maintain your body mass on the low protein intake and on a high-hybrid protein intake and that there must be a sweet spot somewhere. And I think most people are spending too much time thinking about what sweet spot is because the point eight hardly any, whatever we're talking about, younger old, is honey anybody consuming point eight. If you're a healthy older or healthy young sedentary person, you easily consume between one and 1.3 grams of protein per kilo and body mass per day. I mean, if 10 to 15 percent of your diet is protein, you easily get to 1.3. And that's also people that don't take supplements or just don't think about an iteration. If we see elderly of older people in an out test between 1 and 1.3. Now, if you're an athlete and you're exercising, you eat more simply because you need to be an energy balance. 10 to 15 energy percent comes from protein. So if you're physically active, you're automatically already consumed 1.5, 1.6, 1.7 grams of protein. Do the math. Think about two of the France cyclists. They're not big guys. They actually expand about 25 mega-jules of energy on a daily bay on a daily basis in the two of the France. If only 10 percent of that comes from protein, they already consume well above two. It's not what it needs, but people are too worried about the total amount of protein. They already getting enough protein if they stay in energy balance. It becomes more important when you actually can't eat a lot of food. Then it's then the puzzle becomes what different goes. What about people that are not in energy in the balance? Let's say there are people that are undergoing energy restriction to change body composition. Do protein requirements? Is it beneficial to change protein requirements and perhaps increase them in that specific condition? What we typically see when people try to lose weight, for example. So if they are in a hypocolary diet, is that they lose that they if they eat less and they try to maintain their absolute amount of protein, the decline in muscle mass is less. So maintenance of your absolute daily protein intake is more important. That's exactly what relates what I said before. Your body adapts to a certain amount of protein. If you suddenly reduce the protein intake, that might go at the expense of muscle. Also when people go into the hospital and they're not exercising the eating less also because of pain and stuff on that, we try to optimize or maintain at least the total amount of protein that they were consuming before they went into the hospital. That will attenuate at least attenuate a little bit, the muscle loss that they have. So maintenance of your normal protein intake is an essential thing. How does resistance training and training in general change the way the muscle responds to your inner muscles? So exercise increases muscle protein synthesis also increases muscle protein breakdown, but it increases muscle synthesis to a greater extent than it increases muscle breakdown. So net balance becomes better. That's without food intake. If you throw protein on top of that, then breakdown is inhibited to some extent and protein synthesis is further increased. Allowing you to adapt and to recondition the muscle to what you're aiming for and that could be like more mitochondrial proteins when you're in endurance at least or my fibro proteins when you're becoming a more resistance type at least. Okay, so is that kind of why you're saying when you let's say you're training and then you increase your protein intake to 1.6 to 1.8. Let's say you're going higher and you're doing that for a while and your body adapts to that amount. Then if you take that away and you're still doing the training, then does it adapt quickly as well or we start to lose muscle mass? We don't know, but I would predict and let's let's do the extreme that's anecdotal reports of people that have a very high protein intake diet and then you tell them that they don't need that amount of protein and then they do an experiment and they basically say, okay, you know what, I'm going back to 1.5 and I used to be eating so much supplements that was sitting at almost 3 grams per kilogram body mass and I'll bang it back down to 1.5. I'm losing muscles so I'm not doing it anymore. I'm not sure what would happen if they actually kept it there for a while because it's homeostasis. Your body adapts so probably if you're consuming more than 3 grams of protein per kilogram body mass per day, the turnover of other tissue and all the oxidation of the protein will probably at a higher level. So you can basically get a new home your stasis within like 2 or 3 days. That requires studies to look at changes over time. I mean like I said, I mean we now tell everybody that 0.66 or 0.8 is the minimal requirements. I assume that there's people that it's that he lot much less protein but they still stay in balance. If you go to a third world country of people that are not consuming enough food, they adapt. And so it's also on the other side. I think you can adapt to a high protein intake even if you don't need it. Is it a healthy thing? We don't know. Do you increase the turnover rates of other tissues? We don't know. And if the turnover is increased, is that a good thing? Is that bad thing? When you say the adapt like for example with with respect to the extreme like low protein diet level, I mean they adapt but you know they're not they're not building muscle. Is that correct? Not building muscle but they're maintaining in a in a in a nitrogen balance. Until they get older and then it's harder to stay in the balance if you're not getting enough protein. If they're losing muscle they're not in balance but again then we're talking about muscle. Yeah. And you with the nitrogen balance you measure on the whole body level. Okay. And that's that's one of the reasons why you can't translate the protein requirements directly to what is happening in the muscle. The muscle just enjoys when it gets more protein it can do it. It's much more modulated. I mean if you would actually increase your liver or your organs by a higher protein intake we would probably have a health issue. Well what about you've done some research on anabolic resistance and maybe you can explain to people what anabolic resistance is and and how that is relevant in terms of protein intake for older adults. Yeah. So if you give young healthy people about 20 grams of a high quality protein you see a maximal stimulation of muscle protein synthesis. Giving 40 grams did not result in a greater muscle protein synthesis. We'll talk about the 100 grams later on probably. But so in the in the next four to six hours after a meal 20 grams max 20 grams of protein maximizes muscle protein now if you do that the same if you do that in all the people and you give them the same 20 grams of protein they show a lesser stimulation of muscle protein synthesis and they do not reach that same level and so do not the maximal level. So that's what they now call anabolic resistance. We see that the same amount of protein does not lead to the same increase of muscle protein synthesis that you see in young people. That is now defined. I mean micro-enis group was the first to define that as anabolic resistance. But the question is what what is causing anabolic resistance is that because of the age? But of course if you compare young and older groups it's not only about age if you compare young and older person it's the age it's the lifestyle it's the habitual food intake habitual protein intake it's the co-ed medication the co-mode co-mode biobinities that they have. So you're comparing a lot more. Now one of the strongest things that increases the sensitivity to food intake is physical activity. Now if you provide if you give an older person an exercise session before food intake, their response is almost completely normal. So much of the response of the anabolic resistance can be overcome by physical activity. So my question is to what extent is anabolic resistance not for the greatest amount? Simply secondary to a lower physical activity level. Okay so if I'm understanding correctly most of the anabolic resistance with older age is attenuated with physical activity resistance training just being physically active. Well that's pretty incredible because you're right a lot of people do as they get older they do become less physically active certainly people that aren't necessarily focused on their exercise right I mean just normal people that are kind of more active perhaps when they're in their job and then they retire then they're not as active. I mean that's probably the biggest I think for the general population the biggest problem is when they then retire and then they're just sitting at home then no longer physically active. So knowing that anabolic resistance can be overcome by physical activities mostly overcome is I think extremely important for public health. Before we kind of dive into some of that a little bit more I wanted to you you mentioned something about being overweight nobis with respect to protein requirements because in the United States there are many people are overweight nobis and people like listening to this podcast might look at that number 0.8 grams for people like per kilogram body weight and directly translate that to their weight which could be quite high. So how does a person who is overweight nobis perhaps it's not as important because they're probably like you said they're consuming enough food so they don't have to worry about it but there are anal people that want to think about calculations no matter what how does that person approach how much protein they should be taking in when they are obese or overweight. If you would actually modulate your protein requirements towards the tissues that require the protein then it will be better to basically base it on fat free mass because of course a lot of the fat mass is not that metabolic reactive it's most of it is fat deba-de-de-po so turn off of protein is relatively small compared to the organs and the muscle. So if you have the fat free mass or the organ mass and the muscle and actually say like 8.8 for an 80 year old or an 80 kilogram weighing man then also related to the point 8 based on those 80 kilograms and not on the 20 or 40 excess fat depost that you have on you. So people most people aren't going and measuring their fat free mass but that is something that can be done people can go get what you say doing a Texas scan would be something that would be more a lot. There's so many options I mean you can make a body volume scan you can there's nice abs nowadays we heard yesterday in the conference also but you can also do a Texas scan or a body circumference measurements or but most people know how much overweight they are. Come on I mean if you know if you're 180 you know that somewhere between 80 and and for for meal you should be somewhere between 80 and 90 kilograms if you're 110 it's probably you have about 20 20 kilograms excess and how taking myself as an example you know how much overweight you are most people to know that. Yeah with respect to the resistance training sort of how it's tied to protein intake and increases in muscle mass and even strength would would be something I'm interested in because there have been some meta-analysis to fill-ups did a really nice one where they looked at protein increasing protein intake and increases in this lean body mass and then also strength and it was what kind of was striking to me and stood out to me was that with increasing amounts of protein so when you start to get up to like for younger people 1.6 grams per kilogram body weight was associated with a modest increase in muscle mass but it was very minor increase in strength and these were people that were doing resistance training and and the same went for for elderly um they started to actually have increases in muscle mass at a little bit lower there were 1.2 grams per kilogram body weight and it was the same thing modest increases in muscle mass and minor increases in strength and that's where I felt like I thought muscle mass strength was easier to gain with resistance training than muscle mass so I'm wondering is this something to do with the like measuring lean body mass or maybe just the resistance training program wasn't robust enough to improve strength. I mean so I think that the nutritional benefits from gaining muscle mass and strength depends on the availability of protein and the gaining of muscle mass of course and then also the capacity to do that training because they also interact of course but if you go back like hey the fed free mass could also be a little bit organ mass of course and so maybe some of that gain in fed free masses actually in the organs and on that cell in the muscle that's also possible but muscle mass and muscle strength are not that tightly regulated or not coupled if you think I mean you know that yourself if you go to the gym and you have never been there the first four five weeks you see that your strength goes up tremendously I mean you take that that pin and you put it on 20 kilograms in a week lady put it on 30 and four weeks lady put it on 40 and think this is awesome in ingin how much strength and I'm like am I gaining and then you're looking at mirror and I think like hmm nothing and my much as best been you've been changing I still look the same and then you don't get back to the gym anymore you just quit 90% of the people listening including myself that happens so the gain in strength is the first step the body tries to generate more strength with the stuff that it has and most of that is neuromuscular and then when the body constantly is being driven to do more than it once then it starts thinking like okay now it maybe becomes more efficient to build some extra muscle I mean it will be strange if the muscle starts building extra muscle simply because you over exert yourself once it's a very energy costly process to build more muscle so it takes a while so first you gain strength and then you actually follow up with more muscle so there's also a time relationship between the two also the other way around I mean when we become older we lose more strength then can be explained by the amount of muscle that we have lost so there's also a neuromuscular component and of course if you then start training these people first few weeks even months you don't see that much but the strength goes way up so those two things are not one-on-one it's not a proportional linear relationship can you give a little bit of a range in terms of maybe not exact because you might probably don't know but with respect to that time course so like when you start to do resistance training and your strength is going up like you said like how much longer of a lag before you start to perhaps visually see or even if you're measuring it can see increases in actual muscle mass yeah that depends on the type of training where you're coming from what your what your body mass is I mean you can hide the six-pack pretty well if you have a lot of excess fat of course so that really depends on the type of program that you do and then the body morph that you have okay when we can talk we can get into that a little bit more than I wanted to kind of continue on the nutrition part with with protein distributions you've done a lot of research in this area as well and I had done some some reading preparing for this podcast on like some of the nutritional surveys that are done in the United States called N-Hanes in terms of like how are people typically distributing their protein amongst their males and I think probably is very similar to what's found in Europe where people are eating the majority of their protein is skewed towards their evening meal they're last meal of the day and in most cases at least with respect to this N-Hane's data it's about three times the amount of protein in their and their evening meal versus their morning meal or even their afternoon meal does it matter with respect to how the muscle responds to amino acids throughout the day like it's a better to evenly have your protein evenly distributed or can you skew it in the evening and still have the same I don't want to just say increases in muscle protein synthesis because as you mentioned that doesn't always translate to gains in muscle mass people are more interested in gains in muscle mass so let's let's leave it with that endpoint so we try to make it more simple but it is actually much more complex but if you consider that a single meal containing 20 grams of our high quality protein maximizes muscle protein synthesis for up to four to six hours then it makes the most sense that every main meal throughout today is an antibiotic stimulus so that you would have 20 to 25 grams of protein in your breakfast 20 to 25 grams of protein in your lunch and 20 to 20 to 25 to 25 grams of protein in your dinner and then theoretically you have three antibiotic stimuli throughout today helping you to optimize muscle building and seeing muscle reconditioning I actually make that mistake all the time by saying that it's not about muscle building it's optimized muscle conditioning and I could be for the endurance athlete that would be better muscle to do a endurance type exercise for the body builder that might be a bigger muscle that's what now everybody is being advised for athletes that consume more than those 75 grams of protein then you can also add another meal moment and that's for example the pre-sleep evening snack for example if you exercise in the evening you take a protein rich snack after that exercise session in the evening and when you had dinner for example at four five or six and you have a training session between seven and nine you have a protein rich snack at nine before you go to bed at say 11 and so that's what a lot of athletes do just have a nice distribution to throughout today the long-term studies long-term semi long-term on nitrogen balance or on muscle protein synthesis are not that clear there's some studies saying you have better retention of your protein and all your nitrogen when you actually have a nice distribution but we've also have a recent study that we showed it if you have a huge meal you have a greater antibiotic response when you assess it over more prolonged period of time now a lot of people are now asking us like should I have one meal? No it's a study to show that the six hour or the four hour response to a single meal can be longer if you give more protein because all the protein still needs to be digested and absorbed but that doesn't change what I think now from all the evidence that we have it's being advised to have a nice even distribution of your protein in your main meals. So let's talk a little bit about that that studies and you brought it up because it was surprising to to many people maybe you can talk a little bit about the difference in terms of the quantity it was like a hundred grams of protein versus what has previously been shown maybe 30 I think grams of protein was something that's been shown in terms of maximizing now this was muscle protein synthesis that you were looking at. So the older studies does that's two basic two dose response studies that show in healthy young people at rest or after exercise 20 grams maximizes muscle protein synthesis for somewhere between four to six hours after the meal so in that time period for the six hour post-brandial period to be cold out. Some of that protein might not have been digested and absorbed if you give more than those 20 grams. So the 40 grams that they showed in those studies didn't show a great response but the only measured for four or six hours were depending. Now we wanted to do a study to show that if you gave a hundred grams which is absolutely not something that I'm suggesting if people should be consuming that it takes longer to digest everything and that you have a longer stimulation of muscle protein synthesis over a more prolonged period of time. So we also measured not over six hours but over 12 and even 20 for hours and then we see that you get a great response. Now the interesting part of this study is it's we also assessed digestion and absorption. Now that is difficult because how do you do this? Now instead of infusing traces only measuring the incorporation and muscle that's how you measure muscle protein synthesis, we actually did an experiment before that. We infused the cow with labeled amino acids. So you have amino acids with a chemical flag, stable isotope labeled, we infuse it in a cow the cow actually incorporated in the milk. So we have milk protein and we extract the milk, we extract the milk protein so we have milk protein where those labeled amino acids are incorporated. And then we provide that protein so we can see the digestion. We see those labeled amino acids coming out of the protein meaning released to the circulation. Then we take a blood sample, we can actually see those amino acids so we see how much of the protein that you ingest is released in the circulation and then we can even see how much is converted to muscle. And then you see that it takes much longer to get all those amino acids in the circulation and also to get a longest stimulation of muscle protein synthesis. So simply regard also the fact that time is a factor in all of this. But of course we most of us eat one meal and then for the six hours later the second meal and that's why all the previous studies always looked at for the six hour post-pandled periods. Unless it's your last meal of the evening. Good point. So the question then is if it's your last meal in the evening and you know let's say you've already distributed your protein intake fairly decently in your first two meals. Some people will talk about a minute, time or start eating in calico restriction but um and let's say you want to go a little higher for your maybe not all the way to 100 grams but you know 60 whatever. Then would you if you speculate on this and this kind of this there's two parts of this question. Would you think that the increase in muscle protein synthesis would be higher if you had ingested 60 grams of protein in that last meal versus 25 throughout the evening like we're talking like 12 to 20 hours and also what if you then wake up in the morning and then you have again your first meal is that going to change the muscle protein synthesis or are you better off having that meal higher? Are you going to get just are you really maximizing it? I love those questions because the the three questions that you know asked is probably seven years of my life. So what we so one of the things how I should start answering this is that we see a lot of people in the hospital losing muscle and so there admitted to hospital losing a lot of muscle let me know the loss of muscle or muscle mass is an important predictor of clinical complications, readmission, health etc. So we wanted to do something for patients to reduce muscle muscle loss. So we thought like if we give these just in line as with athletes if we give these elderly people another meal in the evening can we minimize muscle loss of stimulant muscle protein synthesis. Now when your an hospital is probably here the same thing you get your last meal about five to six o'clock in the evening and then the next meal is breakfast the next day at nine o'clock. So you spend more than 15, 16, 17 hours in an overnight fast at state which is maybe nice for for people trying to lose weight or anything like that but for people at risk of muscle muscle loss it's not a good thing. So we started thinking about if you give protein in the evening is it digested while you sleep does this all work while you sleep. Now that's difficult because you can't take muscle biopsies when somebody sleeps and not wake the person up and you also can't ingest protein while you're sleeping. So what we did is and that's when we started doing studies with the older people the great volunteers much better than most of the athletes that they call us and then they actually say, look I wasn't your lab last year can I come back have you have a new study running and then I would say something like, oh yeah you can come over what we'll do. We'll put a nasogastic tube down your nose in your guts. We'll take a muscle biopsy then we put you to bed in the hospital then a two o'clock at night while you're sleeping we'll tiptoe into your next to your bed put 40 grams of protein in your guts and I'm wake you up in the morning at seven o'clock with muscle biopsies and then they respond like, where can I sign a sign up or when can I come over. So these are cool studies but they showed that if you give 40 grams of protein in the evening that protein is digested and absorbed while you sleep because we use that intrinsic level protein so we could follow it and it's actually converted to muscle. Now that study was weird because when we published that that was a nice proof of principal study I got a lot of coaches and people calling me asking me where could they could buy those nasogastic tubes and I said like like, no this is a proof of principal study just have a protein rich snack in the evening so just to make that clear we actually followed that up with an at lead study where we show that having a protein rich snack in the evening is digested and absorbed and stimulates muscle-produced senses overnight and so that amount of protein will help you reconditioning more efficiently. That's the first answer to your question to your first first question. Now the second was, is it of benefit on top of knowing that you'll have breakfast and lunch the next day so we also did that study we provided protein in the evening or we didn't provide protein in the evening and looked at the response to breakfast. Now response to breakfast in both conditions was exactly the same to my surprise because I expected if you gave a large protein the evening before then the response to breakfast would be minimized but it wasn't. It was exactly the same so it does give me some insight that at least in the first twenty-four hours you have a greater benefits when you provide sufficient protein to maximize the reconditioning. What about people so time restricted eating you mentioned a lot of people are do practice time restricted eating and they're eating in an eight-hour window and they're fasting for 16 hours and you've done some research in this area as well. So can you eating that that large evening that large protein bolus with your last meal, you know, what if it's earlier and it's not like right before sleep because you have your your feeding window you're eating window and then you have your fasting window. Do you think based on your you're studying with a 100 grams of protein really extreme case that that protein will be digested longer and incorporated into muscle from muscle proteins synthesis. So based on the theory that you need an metabolic stimulus every every main meal in order to get the optimal twenty-five hour response then you would actually have to conclude that intermittent fasting of time restricted feeding is not a good thing. But we've done a study a more longer term study and we've recorded that with labeled water and she did that when in Melbourne where I had a visiting professorship position there and we didn't see a difference in muscle protein synthesis with the time restricted eating versus the non-time restricted feeding. So it's possible the explanation is that if you have a period where it is less or there's no food intake but you had a greater meal as the last one that actually also had a greater response over a more prolonged period of time just like the 100 grams study. So it's possibly that that evens it out. The other big question is of course why would you do time restricted eating or intermittent fasting? The other thing on that study was we didn't see difference over that project I should say is we didn't see a difference in fat loss. So and I have a lot of people calling me and saying like but the time restricted eating intermittent fasting. Meedy works for me. Now I did it myself as well and it works really well. Why? Because in the morning I go to work. I don't think about food because on too busy and everybody's just walking into my office by around four o'clock I get a little bit back as show I start eating something and then I get home around six and on around seven I open up to computer to see what crap emails I got and then I start having my main meal and snanking. If I decide to not eat after six I will eat much less than I actually require so I'll lose weight. So basically because more than 70% of my energy intake is after seven o'clock at night time restricted eating would be great for me but if I would eat all the food that I would eat after seven throughout the day I would lose or I would not lose that fat loss and I would not lose weight. So it's a good way for people to cope with the lower energy intake. Right I think there's now been many, many studies that have done that have found that people naturally doing time restricted eating you know when they're free living conditions on average reduce their calorie intake by about 200 calories per day and and that's just you know natural because people don't snack or they don't eat that dessert or they skip you know because they are trying to restrict their their meals into a shorter time period. But and I think you've even shown this and other studies many studies are shown while if you do keep calories the same you will not lose fat free mass and weight. Right. Then glucose the glucose homeostasis is still improved by not eating in a huge you know like by restricting your time eating window shorter to let's say eight hours you know in some cases 10 but mostly eight even shorter than that six hours. There are there are people also that are very interested in their glucose homeostasis that you know want to eat within a shorter time window as well. But the question then goes is well if they're skipping meals or skipping snacks then there potentially skipping protein intake. Right. If someone is doing in the time restricted eating schedule whether eating within an eight hour window then they really do need to make sure they're they're not losing their they're protein correct. Yes and so if they maintain their normal protein intake then they should be fine because it's possible that more protein per meal has a greater effect like the hundred grams. But the other part is also I mean let's not I mean it's it's funny but we always end up talking about nutrition and then we don't talk about the physical activity because I mean the same thing when people ask me like what should I eat to lose weight and I always say less because there is no magic bullet but the physical activity we know from all hyperclawic diets that if you actually are on a hyperclawic diet that two sessions of resistance exercise try to weak prevents the lean mass loss. So maybe instead of focusing on the protein focus on physical activity in order to maintain your fat free mass by doing two resistance exercise sessions a week much more important than the protein. So let me refer as a my question for someone who is doing time restricted eating in an eight hour window fasting for 16 hours and they're engaged in resistance training at least three times a week minimum and they're taking in their protein they're not they're not missing their protein. And they gain and they're doing the resistance training. And yes can they gain muscle mass can they gain it? Yes. Yes okay. That's so absolutely yes I mean there's even studies that so again point eight grams of protein you can actually gain muscle on point eight grams of protein maybe you can gain more muscle on one point two but you can still gain muscle on the point eight grams protein, pecure, and body mass per day the body is much smarter than we think. If you actually do exercise and we ingest the same protein that we can track throughout the body we see that the same amount of proteins of course that gested and absorbed but more goes to the lack that it exercise. So it is also an efficiency effect. Physical activity makes you more of what you just ate so more of the protein is actually converted when you perform physical activity so the body gets smarter how it handles protein. I have a question so if we were talking about protein distribution and perhaps you know it being beneficial to more evenly distribute protein but how does physical activity because you said physical activity sensitizes I mean you're you said it sensitizes muscle two amino acids. How does that does that change whether I mean you would think that in the background of someone who's physically active does all these other little differences matter? I think so I mean all of those little things that matter I mean to get a look at the cyclist it's the bike it's the helmet it's the it's the it's the nutrition it's the it's the training it's the mental coaching and all of this together make the better edlet so it's all these small things but so what is interesting to see is that you have an antibiotic response defeating you have an antibiotic response to exercise you have an antibiotic response a greater antibiotic response when you compare it to. Now the nice thing is that I think number question number one the most good the question I was of being asked the most is do I need to take the protein before or after the exercise session which is almost the same question you are asking should I do the exercise before the meal or after the meal is basically also the same thing it doesn't really matter that much because exercise makes the muscle more sensitive to the stimulation of muscle protein synthesis through food intake but it does so for up to 24 to even 48 hours so if you do an exercise session today your response to breakfast tomorrow morning will be greater but also lunch tomorrow afternoon and also dinner tomorrow night and so after that you have your second exercise session so it's not about what should go first but it's a consistency of training and meals in between and the training will make your meals more efficient in how they optimize muscle reconditioning. Well the thing that's so interesting about this recent study that you published on the higher dose of protein and that being appropriate in the muscle is so if you have that 24 hour animal look window as you're saying and you're going to be more sensitive to amino acids throughout that 24 hours of course then every meal so if you have you know 10 meals on the extreme end okay every 10 you know 10 times of protein you're going to be sensitive to that protein because it's still within that 24 hour window however if you don't have time because you're working as you said to eat three or four or five meals throughout the day it's also nice to know that you can go a little further than 30 grams in those let's say three meals and perhaps still get a similar amount of muscle protein synthesis in fact let me ask you to speculate let's say a person with did two people or the same person and you did across over study what they do both conditions they're they're doing their resistance training their anabolic windows 24 hours they're sensitive to the amino acids the first time they're eating you know let's say 80 grams of protein they're doing that within five meals or they're going to do it within three do you think they'll have the same amount of gains and muscle mass um this is I mean this is cool study but I think if those differences there will be too small to pick up that's one if you would have each of those meals would have 20 grams so it depending on total protein intake if you do for example five times 20 or two times 50 that makes sense I don't think you'll find any difference there if you would do I would be more less sure about my case if you would do 20 times five grams versus three times 233.3 okay that may be maybe there's a difference that you don't reach that so so called loose-intreshold but to be honest if there's the day before there's physical activity a good training session if the lags involved I'm not so sure whether we would be able to pick up a difference there okay so it is it is yeah speculation is essentially it you know sounds like certainly in the context of training in the background that you can skew your protein somewhat with yes your meals and and and still not be missing out on what you otherwise would gain in muscle mass. I'm not but I'm worried about that but don't miss that training session. Absolutely that's the essential thing that's the that's the baseline. Right. You have to get the more people talk about nutrition the less they're actually doing the training that's really cool. I know it's true it's absolutely true and I do we're going to I would I'd like to continue on the nutrition because you've done so much research research in this area but I want to get to the training but we've been talking about protein like this general thing like protein and so there's food sources of protein there's supplemental sources of protein there's plants sources of protein meats versus the protein so I was kind of wanting to start maybe with just let's talk about animal sources because most people are eating meat and fish and poultry and dairy yes like how in terms of you know skeletal muscle protein synthesis in terms of gaining muscle mass if you're having the same amount of protein on a gram basis from food versus a protein shake and it probably will depend on the type of protein shake but is there going to be differences in gains and muscle mass? Not measurable but of course I mean if you assess muscle protein synthesis if you get whole foods in from from a animal based you might get a little bit more sluggish response saying the increase in circulating essential amino acids and loosening in particular will be less rapid than when you actually ingest say 300 mills of a protein shake with the protein isolate or the protein concentrate but we will never be able to to actually pick up those differences because they will be very very very minimal but now we're talking about meat that is cooked eggs that are cooked because then we see that actually digestion and absorption is very rapid and we see almost the same increase in essential amino acid loosening them when you get the isolatory concentrate okay so of course there's differences because if you're eating food you're getting vitamins and minerals and fatty acids and all the other important micronutrients and macronutrients that are required for and if you have these these products are coming in a combined meal because that's typically something that as much less the research being done was starting to do that now but it's often complicated because then you have all these different products coming together you have antinutriitional factors I don't like to term antinutriitional factors but that's what they call them but you have fibers you have more energy so your gastric emptiness reduced so everything gets more sluggish and then it gets more difficult to compare stuff so so it always depends whether you have your protein isolate or concentrate whether you have your whole food product or you have that whole food product in a meal that will change the dynamics of digestion and absorption and therefore also direct impact on muscle protein synthesis but when you say sluggish I mean you do just mean to lead it's essentially those amino acids will get to the muscle but it'll take longer okay well in that sense I mean we're talking the absolute sense gains and muscle mass then it doesn't really make a difference if you're doing the animal source we're talking about animals for a day yeah yes because if I mean if it's sufficient if it's 20 grams you'll get above a certain threshold and you'll definitely have the full antibiotics signaling that you expect and okay but of course people are also interested in not getting there if they're doing caloric restriction and and basically trying to change their body composition protein shakes can help with that if they're lower in calories lower in fat and then you're getting your protein without the other so it's worth it so so I always advise people to get most of the nutrients from their diet and not from supplements as well discuss this funny but what is interesting sometimes sports nutrition or supplements can be used to make it more practically feasible to and I always use for students and I use the example is for example a sports drink the sports drink gets you the carbohydrates during exercise you can also do that with a plate of spaghetti but it's not that easy to cycle on the bike when you have a plate spaghetti in front of your front of your nose so it's an easier way to get the nutrients you need in a setting that is sports specific now if you're in a gym and you want to take a certain amount of protein and you don't want to make a short short meal and you want to restrict calories yeah then sometimes the protein shake is easy easier is there a difference with respect to the source of protein supplements so for example if it's sourced from casing versus wave versus egg white protein with respect to we're talking about skeletal muscle proteins synthesis and presumably increases the muscle mass so this is stuff that we see the whole intrinsic labeled cows to the cow infusion getting intrinsic labeled milk and we extracted the way and casing in order to show the diet the digestion and absorption kinetics and also the capacity to stimulate muscle protein synthesis now we've done these studies years ago and that shows that my cell like acin is a slow-need adjustable protein so the increase in circulating essential amino acids in the blood is more sluggish than when you ingest wave protein which is more rapidly digestible protein and so the wave protein gets or is more rapidly digested greater increase the muscle protein synthesis and also has a greater antibiotic response greater increase the muscle protein synthesis now we thought that's maybe only because of the more rapid digestion and absorption so we hydrolyzed the casing make it more rapidly digestible so it was just as easily digested and absorbed as the way but it still had the lesser response so that might be due to the lesser amount of loose-seem in casing than in way way has a higher loose-seem content I mean now the loose-seem is a is a is a is a is a is a is a is an amino acid that has very strong signaling properties so it stimulates the enthalpy and therefore it sets off the whole antibiotic cascade and we also double check that by adding free loose-seem on the casing and we got a greater response so in short we know that the antibiotic potential of a protein is related to the rate of digestion and absorption and the amount of at least the amount of loose-seem in combination with other amino acids and that's the whole basis of why way is more popular with athletes than a casing but the difference is of every small and so for practice in combination with diets and throughout the whole day all the food that you eat it's very minimal but of course I mean I ride a bike that is only 9 kilos but I might have actually 15 kilograms of overweight so I could actually do with a much heavier bike but I still want the fastest bike and the lightest bike and so people want the best supplement doesn't make that much of a difference I don't think so that much sitting upright while you eat or actually chewing well has also a huge effect on the rate of digestion and absorption so but these differences exist but these the difference are very small if you compare milk, a way or egg protein oh egg white as well egg is also a great great from a from a amino acid composition and also digestion and absorption it's great so if you're talking about in the real world here you think maybe to most people those differences aren't so important to some they are like the ones that are really optimizing every just little thing but what about in the context of research and and you know data that's not like you compare studies and some of these casing and then you got way and then you know then they're time when they do it maybe the casing had an all of you know been absorbed so conflicting data I mean methodological differences seems like it might so so all of these things so we're scientists we're trying to figure out what are all the aspects that define digestion and absorption and the capacity to stimulate muscle protein synthesis what we call post-presential protein handling and so we want to know with which factor's play a role but all of of course in a normal situation you have all these factors together you have protein quality in what matrix that protein is being ingested from a food or a meal how that protein is processed how you eat it and even the body position in which you eat and so these are all these different things and now one of the studies that we've done for example is eat eggs or eat eggs in a boiled form or in a raw form now this is also a little bit of a joke not a joke but I everybody knows those knows the rocky movies and of course there's some guys in our lab that love these these movies and I was actually growing up with those movies so you see rocky getting up at five o'clock in the morning and he gulping down like five raw eggs and then he does a straining session now I thought it would be fun to actually see whether instead of having a nature paper whether we could have a paper with sliced alone as a co-author so basically what we did we did a study to see whether digested and absorption and muscle protein synthesis after ingesting raw eggs versus cooked eggs now what is really nice to see have exactly the same protein but cooking actually denaturest the protein and results in much more rapid release of these amino acids in the circulation and theoretically that should also lead to a greater muscle protein synthesis but we provide sufficient eggs so probably the total amount of protein was sufficient to maximize the response so on muscle protein synthesis it was exactly the same so of course I send it off to to severe stulones hold my dress but never got a response unfortunately so we couldn't make me go over but the title is still was rocky right or wrong should you boil your eggs and yes boiling is one of the one of the one of the issues same thing as consuming how you consume your food we did study sitting a brighter lying down which is of course very relevant for people in the hospital because a lot of people are being fed lying down but sitting upright actually stimulates gastric emptying so the protein actually gets faster you know digest that just the system you get a faster release and circulating amino acids and therefore a greater stimulation of muscle protein synthesis chewing same thing we infused the cow with label the amino acids for a Dutch person it's hard to accept that only 25% of your expensive trace are going to the milk so we butcher the cow so suddenly we had intrinsic label meat we provided subjects we if that meat provided as minced meat or as a steak huge difference in the rate of digestion and absorption so also chewing and cutting up your food's important fact now are these important so you're when you say that it's a greater stimulation in the skeletal muscle protein synthesis at the time you measure it but will they normalize eventually over time so that it's less of a difference in the real world more of a difference in the lab in terms of when you're saying I think in the long run it increases the efficiency by which the protein is being used for muscle and tissue protein synthesis but of course it becomes less relevant when you consume enough protein it becomes more relevant when you total food intake is very low so for example people that do not resist in sex size because they're lying in bed and they are hurting and they actually anabolic resistance because they also have inflammation and subsys and they can't eat food and they can't chew and they can't sit upright then all these factors come together and they have a very dangerous situation and then having all these little specs will greatly improve probably their health for the healthy person that already consumes a huge load of protein then those difference quality doesn't become so I always liked to put it this way you can compensate for quality by greater quantity and that's what every Adley already does because he or she needs to consume more food because he's more active as a high energy expenditure comes more important on the other scale. That's it's good to differentiate that. I want to kind of shift back and talk about the protein sourced because we've talked about the animal sourced we've talked about supplemental sources of protein from animal products but there's also a large percentage of people that are vegetarian vegan don't consume any animal products. So maybe you can tell people a little bit about the differences between food sources plant sources of protein versus animal sources of protein. So first and then again I have to make the difference between whole foods protein isolates and protein concentrate so if you want to consume protein through plant-based foods so beans let us not whatever is it's more difficult to get a certain amount of protein in if you want to just 20 grams of protein through eating meat 70 grams of of meat if you want to get 20 grams of protein in by eating potatoes you have to eat more than a kilogram of potatoes. So first of all it's just more difficult to get the same amount of protein in if you actually consume it as whole foods and then when you consume it at whole foods most plant-based foods have anti-nutritional factors so the capacity for you to extract that protein through your body is less so the digestibility is lower. Those are the two issues when you when you have plant-based foods. Now nowadays I'm much of the research has looked at the proteins that are actually in-planned-based foods extracted those proteins and then a assessed the capacity to stimulate most protein synthesis. Has been done for some proteins like weed protein, soy protein, a large pea protein, about five different proteins that that we and others have actually assessed and then some of them actually some of these studies show a lesser capacity to stimulate most protein synthesis when compared to an equivalent amount of mostly dairy protein. That might be attributed to the fact that there's less losing, less essential amino acids and sometimes most of the plant-based proteins are deficient in one of more specific amino acids that's often methyene and elicine. The last five years we have been trying the protein extracts from pea and gluten and corn and actually if we give in healthy subjects we give 30 grams which is quite a lot of protein we don't see a difference with with dairy protein. So if you give sufficient of the protein of the protein extract where digestibility is high that's not much that much difference in muscle protein synthesis. However if you would take it from a plant-based foods then on a certain equivalent amount of protein less of that protein becomes available and that is of course then you have to compensate for that a little bit. So vegans that are interested in gaining muscle mass obviously preserving muscle mass but also gaining muscle mass with their resistance training programs they can supplement with protein plant-based protein powder sources that will allow them to on a gram program basis especially if it's a high enough dose gain the same muscle mass as someone doing let's say animal-based protein supplements. I think so so not necessarily after the supplements supplements is probably easier they can also compensate for less equality by greater quantity but then you have to consume a huge amount of foods and of course you improve the quality of your protein sources by having a very diverse palette of plant-based foods. So if you really know what you're doing from an nutrition perspective diet that is perspective then I think it's quite capable doing that on a vegan diet but it's more difficult and of course if you start using plant-based protein isolates or plant the rice protein such as you'd say it gets easier. And what about so you mentioned P protein is which you looked at in your studying compared to the dairy when 30 grams and 30 grams are really different since you have this relative muscle protein synthesis. What about so is P protein different from rice protein in terms of its amino acid composition is there a protein powder that's better perhaps for vegans that are interested in increasing their their muscle mass. So so we we we we basically years ago we looked at all the commercially available protein extracts so protein plant-based plant derived proteins and then you see that some of them are actually low and loose in but some just as corn is actually higher and loose in the most animal derived proteins. So not all plant-based proteins are the same but the deficiencies in lysine and methionine is also one protein can be very deficient in methionine the other one is actually deficient in lysine but not in methionine. So there's not one specific protein that I would say that one is the best but you can you can mix up and blend different plant-based proteins that actually together have a very nine nice protein balanced amino acid profile. So combinations are great what we expected from our studies with the individual proteins that they would actually show a lesser response and that by adding some milk protein we would actually compensate for that but in all those proteins like to be protein we actually did not find a lesser muscle protein synthetic response but I do need to note that we did that with 30 grams of a protein extract so you don't have to digestibility. What would be so you mentioned lysine and methionine maybe you can explain to people why those are also important you mentioned the looseine and how that stimulates M2R and that's important for muscle protein synthesis but why is the lysine and methionine important and then maybe also why would what would be a good combination of plant source protein powders perhaps to get all those like you said P protein is there's something else in combination with P that would cover all the bases. Yeah so one of the things I mean some amino acids may have strong assignaling properties but of course if you're trying to build a protein you need all the building blocks all the different building blocks and that includes methionine and lysine of course so you need sufficient of all the amino acids. Now you can actually take blends with and we use the blend with three different blend-based proteins and that worked fine but you also see that some combinations for example ones low and methionine and other one low and lysine they actually make nice blends and funny enough if you start looking at those proteins then you're suddenly realized that all over the world people are consuming meals that actually have proteins that are very nicely composite or matching and so when I saw those data the first times I've suddenly realized why if the heater actually has beans in it so the wheat and the beans is actually a nice complement the core complementary amino acid the amino acid mix so it's really funny if you see that and somewhere people have actually noticed that or speed and stuff and then sprouting I think also some of that you can get sprouted keen-woss or supporting where it's getting way some of the as you mentioned like some of these antinutritional components the fiber matrix that are you know in some cases other lektons and they're sort of inhibiting some of the absorption of protein what about is protein isolate versus concentrate which one is is the better to consume protein isolate for higher protein I would prefer the product where the protein actually is in so not even the isolate or the concentrate but then if you're using a supplement and you want to take the pure protein then you can take the isolate that are concentrated the isolate does only depriting the concentrate is basically yeah the concentrated protein so it still has other stuff like for milk protein concentrate it still has lektos in it and still has some some other stuff some fat in there so yeah is one better than the other depends on what you're aiming for what you're nutrient targets are basically yeah if someone's interested in lower fat content and more protein content yeah then you would go for an isolate of course protein isolate okay so you we've talked about loosing and you know how it's it's very important for activating m2er can you talk a little bit about the loosing threshold and how resistance training physical activity changes that loosing threshold yeah so the if you ingest 20 grams of protein you see a strong robust increase in muscle protein synthesis that beaks around three hours after meal and then it wears off in about five or five or five six hours now one of the factors in that response is loosing the postbandial increase in circulating loosing sets of nanabolic pathway in the muscle and is responsible for that stimulation of muscle protein synthesis 20 grams for wave protein that will be about two grams of two to three grams two to and a half grams of loosing so you can also give that as free loosing or as the branch enemy know us and we've done that as well we also also see that very strong increase in muscle protein synthesis first to hours but then it wears off much more rapid so you need the loosing to stimulate the process but then you also need a sufficient supply of all the amino acids to allow muscle protein synthesis to continue to continue for a while so it's a double ram you it's both the signaling and supplying enough of the building blocks and that's that's the loosing threshold now exercise reduce it makes that like we said before exercise makes the muscle more sensitive to the anabolic properties of protein feeding so it reduces your loosing thresholds so with a lesser increase in loosing you would actually get a greater muscle protein synthesis and of course how I translated is when you perform physical activity the muscle is more interested in having enough building blocks than the signaling process because the signaling process has already been activated by the exercise so here's another question for you I know that exercise causes branch chan amino acids like loosing to be taken up into skeletal muscle like from circulation so in elucing these amino acids are doing lots of things in multiple tissues you know it's going into the brain it's going to transports into the brain for example but the exercise is causing causes loosing more loosing to be taken up into skeletal muscle so does that I don't know if it's proper to even call it the loosing threshold but like can you then take in more loosing and get it more into the muscle where it's like we're used to be like oh after three grams or whatever then you're not going to really do much more do you think exercise would in a way almost make it where you could consume even more loosing how you if I if I actually understand what you're saying you're suggesting that the exercise induced lowering of the loosing threshold is potentially at least partly explained by greater loosing influx in the muscle yeah that's possible well it kind of it leads me to this next question that has to do with cardiovascular disease and I'm sure you saw this this headline that claimed high protein diets it was an animal study that claimed getting 22% of your calories from protein was going to cause atherosclerosis there was some some human data in that study looking specifically and identifying they identified loosing as a major driver of this because loosing in circulation activates macrophages which are one part of a store of the bigger larger story antherosclerosis I was wondering what your thoughts are on I know it's not your study but on high protein diets high I mean first of all can you even translate that sort of study to humans when you're you know consuming 22% of your calories from protein and that's causing atherosclerosis probably wouldn't would not have seen the study and but it was actually an outpapers and I did get already some some some questions about it from from the from the general media if I remember correctly is I think the title of that paper was not that suggestive but all the follow-up reports on that paper were extremely suggestive and absolutely not in line with the the outcome of the results in that study so what they did is they provided they fire a member correctly they provided two meals or two drinks or something with a high protein content and a low protein content in humans and then they took blood samples for I don't know a few hours after that meal and then they actually took the the monocides I think so the macrophages in the blood and they saw that they actually were activated and then they they did an in fetro study to see which factor was actually stimulating M2 the M2 pathway in those macrophages and I was losing the could have imagined that and it's a very very tissue and then they gave a high protein diet and a low protein diet to rodents and they saw also activation of the macrophages and that was suggestive of them developing after years chlorosis yes and I think they had some other markers about arthritis process as well but yes but so first of all we're not rodents and then the few hours of circulating amino acids is not reflective of what happens over days over twenty four hours over weeks over months in the development of hot airs close in the human so I think that the translation is a little bit over the top and that's an end statement um it's with all these things high protein is not causing any issues high fat is not causing any issues high glucose or high carbohydrates not causing issues when it's only high and not excess and that's a different difference the most the greatest problems with chronic metabolic disease is excess excess energy in the form of glucose excess energy in the form of fat excess energy in the form of of protein it's all bad and we have we have all the mechanisms have been shown for glucose fatty acids and amino acids in for example inducing insulin resistance if you oversupply anutrients at some point you become resistant to it and that and then the body doesn't know what to do with it and you get issues if your milkman comes by with every day with two bottles of milk and your only drink one it's not going to cost a lot more days before you start calling him to bring you less milk that's what your muscle also does at some point it says like hey it can't store more because this storage is hurting me so it's not about high glucose or high fat or high protein it's excess is the problem right and and that's where exercise and physical activity is key because you are not only you know I mean most the time your you are of course you know burning energy so you can consume more but you are your muscles taking up glucose it's taking up the protein it's taking up loosening so it's not in circulation activating macrophages right so the exercise and and there's even been studies that have looked at for example you know people that are consuming meat versus you know vegan source of protein and and how you know cancer mortality's higher in these meat eaters it's all cause mortality's higher in meat eaters but when you then do a subgroup analysis and you say okay I only want the meat eaters that have no unhealthy lifestyle factors so they're not sedentary they're not overweight obese they're not smoking and they're not consuming excess alcohol I was alcohol guess what their cancer mortality and all cause mortality was the same as people consuming the plant protein so if you are going to be unhealthy and obese and sedentary and smoke perhaps you shouldn't eat a lot of protein 22% of your your calories shouldn't be coming from from protein but but certainly when you're physically active and your healthy you're not overweight and obese you're not smoking it's probably it's probably shouldn't be worried about getting athlete's grossest by eating protein. No and sometimes people miss it miss it into interpret data of course I mean you can say something like hey having a very high heart rate is not good but body you then exercise because that makes your heart rate go up but then your resting heart rate goes down so it's if you have to get the full picture to understand I mean you challenge the body I mean exercises I mean I can I can make a statement I mean I can make a marketing statement that the worst thing to do for the body is actually doing exercise you cause inflammation you cause oxidative stress it's really bad for you it increases heart rate but actually it sets off the whole process that makes you healthier so just looking at what happens with one meal is not giving you the full picture what it does for health. I agree context matters and 100% and that's really important to keep in mind and it's often the observational data and animal data that loses that kind of. I like the the the the discussions of course of hypicoloring diets and overeating and under eating in the light of animal experiments. I mean we know that a lot of times when you have rodents in a cage and you give them at libertine foods they actually over consume I mean we would do the same thing if you actually sitting in a room and they're bringing you constant just warm cross-hons and everything you're going to overeat so the animals do that as well and then they give them a hypicoloring diet or they eat they give them less food and then they're healthier that's not necessarily that the hypicoloring diet was actually making them healthy it is that the control trial is actually unhealthy and we are that only control trial. Yeah I completely agree I mean it's yeah that it's it's so different when you're talking about a mouse and a cage that's sedentary and not act physically active it's so hard to compare that sort of study to a physically active person you know as well. But that brings us back to requirements I mean what are your real requirements because you pure on definition if they tell me like look what will happen if I eat 20% 25% less energy than I need. They're you die but people become healthier when they eat 25% less but that's something else that is they they it's not that they and eating 25% less than they need they eating 25% less than what they are actually used of consuming and that's a huge difference between those two and that's what we often of course we don't want to see because that makes our life more difficult. Right they're baselines are different. Talking about resistance training adaptations you know this is another area that you've done a lot of research and can you tell people a little bit about muscle memory and how the muscle adapts to repeated about resistance training. Yeah so the so the idea is that every exercise training in juices stimulation of muscle protein synthesis and breakdown so your reconditioned muscle to become a better athlete and a next session and next session next session. Of course the additional value of each session becomes less because we we can't keep improving so that is a leveling off of that adaptation. Now that's in short what training is that every individual bout sets off this this remodeling and the remodeling becomes more efficient over time and you become a better athlete. Now the muscle memory is an interesting one because then now people suggest like okay you haven't done anything for 10 years and then you start exercising and then somebody that actually was a very good athlete builds up and becomes a much more rapidly increases this is is is condition again while the other one doesn't get the same gains. Now is that muscle memory and if there is such a thing as muscle memory where is it residing? Now that's difficult because then you actually there's a lot of explanations one it could be genetics that that person was already more active in the past because he was more prone to being a better athlete that's a possibility. Secondly that there's also something you're a muscular that's somebody picks up the exercise much easier and then gets a bit bigger gains. It could be genetics but then then yeah genetics on methylation of different proteins and it could also be and that's what they're now discussing and Tim snowsing our labs actually doing a lot on that topic is seeing whether the number of nuclei in the muscle are maintained to be increased so it's easier for the muscle to adapt to exercise. Now there's some rodent data to suggest that we don't find evidence for that in human muscle so that you basically have more managers in your muscle fibers that when you put a greater stress on it's more easily managed so it's so far we haven't seen that so so generally we've seen that the myocard content and myocard domain actually nicely follows exercise training and it's not like it's completely different from somebody that actually did a lot of exercise in 20 years ago. Now you've also done some been involved in some research looking at exercise frequency and I mean I get presumably recovery is part of that that equation in terms of if you're frequently working out and doing resistance training is there a diminishing returns in terms of gaining muscle mass is there a frequency that can be done to maximize muscle growth and also recovery. Yes likely of course you will like to get the full recovery and then the next training session so you optimize the reconditioning process and what you do notice I mean depends on how young you are what training stage you are in if I mean I haven't seen a gym in last week but before that in a year or two or something like that and then you go to a gym and then you really notice that you need actually three days before you can actually get your next session and when you're really in it you actually train every day so depends on your training state your age your genetics what is your ideal version the only way to figure that one out is just try it there's no there's no one one rule to actually suggest that this is it. In terms of recovery like hot like if you're working you know certain muscle groups is it good to like wait 24 hours 48 hours is that still like a more of a personalized sort of sliding scale or it is personal. This personalized but of course you can increase your your session intensity by focusing on a specific group or upper body lower body or antagonist and agonist or something like that so you can exercise more frequently and have enough sufficient recovery time for each specific body part that's a way that that that at least use it to optimize recovery and maintain a high training load. There are you've you've published a study looking at in aging populations you did elderly but also I've seen it older adults and then also elderly so these are people like 85 years old and and you show they could have improvements in muscle mass and strength after engaging in a resistance training program. If there are some people out there who were you know older adults and elderly who perhaps want to start a resistance training program are there any sort of exercises that you think might be just you know beneficial to start with for improvements in muscle mass and strength. The first thing to say is that the turnover of muscle so the breakdown in the senses of muscle is something that occurs. I want to present the test we started off this this this podcast with and that is independent of age so also when you're 85 you still have on a daily basis you're making muscle and you're breaking down muscle and the only way to maintain it or increase it is to do exercise. Now the level of exercise depends on where you are at so if you're actually quite sedentary you have a lot of issues and you have difficulty getting up from the toilet then it might be more sense make more sense to basically have two or three sessions a day where you try to get up from the toilet three times simply on your own toilet in your own environment preferably with somebody to see that you're not falling whereas there's also very very fit elderly that will actually pick up resistance exercise and go to a gym three times a week. So nowadays with healthy aging it's very difficult to give advice because the variation that we see in the elderly I can we now are supposed to call the older population is huge. If we I mean in the post we got hip and knee surgery for people that were so in pain that it just wanted to have the pain to stop. Now we have older people coming in from new hips and you need to go to go skiing with the grandchildren. So the target set by the older population can be from staying in their own home being able to go to the toilet and support it and therefore not being institutionalized to 85 year olds that still want to do an eye in man. So of course the training has to fit with the targets being set and where they start off from. Yeah that makes sense. I have a question regarding women and their response to adaptations from resistance training either premenopausal versus postmenopausal or postmenopausal with or without hormone replacement therapy. So in other words how the adaptations change with you know estrogen and progesterone and testosterone more hormone to round. Yeah so as we get older and we get hormone distances balances then people feel differences but the efficacy by which training increases muscle mass and muscle strength and muscle conditioning doesn't seem to have a huge impact there so far I mean this is not my topic with but most of the studies if pre and postmenopausal women I believe and even with and without supplementation we see hardly any studies that I've seen don't show any differences. Now we have a lot of experience with prostate cancer patients so we've actually had a lot of prostate cancer patients on 80T so the first thing that happens when they are being diagnosed with metastatic prostate cancer is that they get energy and deficiency therapy so basically they get chemically castrated so that testosterone will be gone down just completely numb. These people generally gain fat mass, lose muscle mass and are at an heightened risk for cardiovascular disease and often develop also in some resistance and diabetes. Now we thought like hey how easy is it to increase or prevent the muscle loss to some extent we were we were modest in this with only like two resistance exercise sessions a week. We increased muscle mass, we increased strength. Contra group went down there was no loss there was actually an increase in muscle mass there was an increase in muscle strength so the hormones do not I'm not saying that the hormones don't play a role because hypergonatal men of course in general have less muscle but exercise can fully overcome the effects of hormonal changes. Exercise is much stronger than that. Yeah it's it's just it's so powerful. It is I mean we we had a lot of so we worked this of course with with with the department and we worked with the Alice's patients and we worked with prostate cancer patients and we see it every time and everybody just says like why don't don't we just put this in our adjuven therapy like you can go on ADT but ADT always goes together with resistance training. You have I mean the ADT is life saving but then all the negative effects of the ADT can be completely fully overcome with resistance exercise that's ridiculous. Why do we still have those effects if they're not necessary? So testosterone does play a role in the context of these people that are not physically active and and then they start to lose more muscle but you can you can basically attenuate that if you are you can't even attenuate so you can actually increase muscle mass is staying right. So it's it's greatly overexetrated that the hormonal changes can be overcome with resist sex science that's the most important. There's a saying that our mutual friends do Phillips says and I really like this saying is that exercise forgives a lot of sins and I'm seeing that recurring theme in you know not just exercise physiology but in other fields as well. I mean it's just sleep sleep deprivation being one. I mean insulin resistance goes up glucose dysregulation homestasis you know at a control but you know doing exercise mostly can rescue a lot of that even all cause mortality increases again physical activity really can forgive some of those some of those sins so it's really you know it's the best even if it's not sins I mean even if it's disease it can have so many benefits. I also think looking at it like I just called it a medicine but you know yes exercise is a treatment and that's like a a general saying you hear people say exercise is a good medicine but honestly I think sedentaryism is a disease. It's it's always just about to say this is this comes exactly back to the nutrition that we said like it's not excess carbohydrates not eggs of it's not the high carbohydrate it's not a high protein diet it's not a high fed diet it's excess and so and we talked about the animals overfeeding and that the control group is actually an unhealthy group we are unhealthy because we're not exercising enough we are actually to be developed where we actually need a physical activity in order to stay alive to forge your virus foods and to hunt and stuff like that and so it's not that maybe it's not the exercise is actually the benefit it's actually reducing our exactly what you're saying reducing our inactivity it's a disease I think you know obesity's disease that's an occupational hazard sedentaryism is a disease it's a disease right I mean so I do want to kind of shift gears because cold water immersion is an area that you have done research and and I'm personally interested in the neuroendocrine effects of cold water immersion a lot of physically active people are interested in using cold water immersion for recovery for enhancing sorry for a blunting inflammation of the muscle but you've shown and maybe you can talk about your study about you know doing cold water immersion immediately after resistant training can blunt some gains do you think the timing of cold water immersion can affect you know whether or not you're going to blunt those gains because you want you want to keep doing those cold showers yes I'm doing this as well so so yeah I mean I think I mean if looking at hard rate variability and stuff like that I mean I've been experimenting with that myself as well with the cold showers and the ice baths and but of course from a muscle perspective nothing makes sense on recovery after exercise that cold would actually be helpful so we did a study where we used the intrinsic level protein so we could track where the protein goes and acutely but also more long term and after exercise we put one leg in cold water and one in term in neutral water and we saw that the leg in the cold water did not get the same stimulation of muscle protein synthesis and basically less of the protein would actually go to the leg less profusion less stimulation of muscle protein synthesis so from at least for the first six hours it seems evident that acute recovery recovery in the light of muscle protein synthesis glycogen restoration is actually compromised by the by the lower temperature part of that is that because you enable profusion but also of course all the enzyme and all the process activity in the muscle is also reduced by a lower temperature because that's just what happens I was surprised that I thought like hey maybe then you compromised that acute recovery phase but then you maybe catch up later on when you warm up so that if you do this over two weeks it doesn't make any difference so we continue doing that for if I'm not not incorrect over two weeks with six training sessions and so it's six training sessions we've only up to about 15 minutes of cooling I thought that could never have an effect over those full two weeks and if there's an effect we wouldn't be able to pick it up but we did and over those two weeks total protein synthesis in that leg that received cooling compared to the other was actually less and actually measurable less so that six times 15 minutes cooling over two weeks 14 days, 24 hours had a negative impact on the stimulation of muscle protein synthesis my only conclusion is that the reconditioning is therefore not optimal now if you still want to do the cooling now the showers are only short but wouldn't be good to do it at different times I think so why is everybody then still doing the cold water immersion after exercise I think it came from from sports where you basically hurt the muscle that has massive inflammation where there's blunt force drama on the muscle that actually you you you basically support the muscle in recovery not recovering in the reconditioning but basically minimized the damage and then people started using it for other sports as well but I think for resistance training or for and human straining it's you shouldn't be using it at least not acutely after the exercise and you said something that I picked up on you said for six hours do you think that if you do cold water immersion and you wait six hours after resistance training that you would still affect muscle protein synthesis I mean pure speculation I think it would be less so but the other question is then for your your other benefits whatever they are of course there's also a lot of discussions on that do you need to do that 15 15 minutes is it better to do with the other day at least the first few hours I think are essential for the muscle I would stay away from the cold there is it okay to do it in the evening or the next day I would favor that as opposed to the other one so waiting for recovery days now you mentioned endurance training but you know there are studies showing that cold water immersion can enhance performance and endurance trainers and also enhance neuromuscular function you're talking about that probably not as these people aren't you know the resistance training is really stimulating muscle so I'm wondering if you could do it perhaps on an endurance training day maybe wait a few hours again I think we would have found exactly the same thing if we had done endurance training so this was resistance training I think if we had done endurance training you would also have less of your amino acids that you ingest go to the muscle I mean a lot less of all this kind of work has been done after endurance training but it seems to follow all the same principles it's just a different sets of proteins that are being expressed to a greater or less extent after endurance versus resistance exercise but it also response to nutrition and so they should also be responsive to blood flow to the muscle so I think it doesn't make a difference for endurance or resistance type exercise the studies that I've seen is they either show no effect and if they show effect it studies where it's not endurance exercise it's actually high intensity intermittent type exercise where there's also a huge damage effect and inflammation and I think there it can have a benefits to dampen that down and then it keeps performance afterwards is less compromised but that's something else then optimizing your training reconditioning right yeah so you're talking more at the elite level whether really like the roars or the you know these these runners that are that are you know they're incurring more damage on their muscle so if the the cold water immersion is causing basic constriction it's it's preventing the muscle profusion right the question is how long does that last so the nor up enough for is the hormone that is regulating that as you know and that does go up even after just you know two minutes in cold so the question then goes well how long does that last so like you know is it an eight hour response that you think it would be eight hours that it's going to be affecting I have no idea in this case I mean temperature at least skin temperature was already quite normal quite fast but the response of of a six hours was still visible so I mean these studies are hard to do because then if you actually would do it this way I would like to take a biopsy at 24, 6, 8, 12, 14, 16, 18, 22 and 24 hours and of course nobody wants to this not even the older subjects in our studies are going to sign up for that or at the very least it would be interesting to do a cold water immersion where it's not immediately after resistance training it's you know oh yeah I mean that's that would be great eight hours maybe the next day if we would do it at two week in the fensions study where you actually have the three sessions and the and the notice six training sessions and you have the six cooling sessions and you have the six cooling sessions on the days that you don't have the training so you have three treatments six training sessions with cooling six sessions with cooling on the other day and only the six six training without cooling at at a huge study but I mean I'll be interested to see what comes out after two weeks yeah I guess I guess the question is is that you know if you if you're doing resistance training and you wait six to eight hours after that training will that cold water immersion blunt your gains you said maybe a little bit maybe not it will likely be less if you do it on the opposite day so waiting just on a recovery day is it's the same as best okay but I mean you I mean that's the the whole thing we always focus on muscle but everything has to be optimal I mean it's the same as oh you can take rating and you get stronger legs and you have a higher workload but then if you're a high jumper and you gain 1.2 kilos and simply also by most of it actually what a retention it's not going to improve your high jumping so it's more than only muscle of course of course yeah I want to shift gears and talk about collagen last because you've also been getting involved in some of this research and I'm I'm very you know interested in in hydrolyzed collagen powder for skin for example in skin aging and so I wanted to ask you if you think there are effects on supplemental hydrolyzed collagen powder that are independent of the muscle connective protein which I think if I'm correct does not have a huge amount of collagen but do you think there are effects and maybe other tissues like the joints skin for example bone so collagen is nowadays is much seen as a potential supplement to support muscle conditioning and of course we were interested from that perspective we often look at my fibro protein which is the contract contractile proteins in the muscle of course because that's what generates the force but you have to understand that the force that is generated by the contractile proteins has to be transferred towards your tendon and your bone in order to make movement possible and so the muscle has an all intricate network of connective proteins that allow the contractile apparatus to be transferred to throughout the whole muscle in both longitudinal as well as transversal way towards the tendon in the bone and there's now suggestions that strength is very much dependent on the quality of that connective protein network and in muscle that is a lot of it is collagen but if we get a fraction of the muscle is the connective proteins and of those connected proteins about 5% is collagen and so we were interested to see where the collagen ingestion will actually stimulate that specific fraction in muscle now so far studies have not shown increase in muscle protein synthesis when you ingest collagen now why could that be the case because it responds to high quality protein but not to collagen. Collagen is from a amino acid composition not a very high quality protein because almost 50% is composed of of protein and glycine and so it has a lot less essential amino acids and so if you give collagen protein you generally don't see it increase in mixed muscle proteins we've done a study to see where the increases connective protein in muscle we don't see it at least not with the 20 grams or the 30 grams of amounts why would it work or why would it have an effect because the suggestion is and that's the story behind it does actually two stories one is that collagen has a lot of glycine and probably and of course collagen is composed in your body also a lot of glycine and maybe it does not allow of those amino acids in our food in our nutrition but of course it doesn't matter that it actually increases muscle protein synthesis so now we've tried it now like three studies and so far we have not shown evidence that collagen increases connective tissue protein synthesis in muscle but yeah I have to admit that the muscle fraction is only very small amount of collagen so what about other tissues gotlich bone tendons ligaments which is more than 80% collagen maybe there it's more relevant and maybe even more relevant when you had surgery and you basically yourself you have to reattach everything you have to renew all those collagen structures maybe there it is a benefit not there's also people suggesting that in collagen and especially hydrolyzed collagen there's functional or peptides that are bioactive, bioactive peptides so far we haven't seen anything of that as always discussions like what are those peptides then haven't seen any any data to convince me yet and of course it is not that the amino acids in collagen are not being used we used in trinseculebral protein for example to also just show it at the glycine or that the amino acids actually show up in collagen so yes collagen can be used and is a good source of glycine and protein but does it further increase connective protein synthesis when compared to a high quality dairy protein or a different protein so far we haven't seen any evidence for that but of course again it's just a matter of the amount if you give twice the amount of collagen which has the same essential amino acids then have the amount of for example echo dairy protein you might actually see exactly the same response but as a lot of studies that still need to be done to figure this one out it's interesting there's been a lot of people that think that hydrolyzed collagen powder doesn't actually go to cartilage but there's been some animal studies that have radiolabled hydrolyzed collagen powder and it does go to cartilage do you think that's applicable like that's translatable to humans so the amino acids I mean so like I said collagen contains like any other protein a lot of a lot of amino acids and particularly the amino acids glycine and of course those amino acids are going to be used to synthesize proteins whether that's connected protein or whether that's that's that's my fibro protein so yes I mean this is just a protein source which has a lot of glycine and protein so yeah why not why not but from a complete constitution it doesn't have as much as a balanced amino acid profile as most animal or higher quality animal derived proteins but that doesn't mean that I mean I think I mean this is something that I think we should be we so in muscle I think that the availability of the amino acids is not restricting the increase after physical activity because after physical activity we see the connective tissue protein since its rates go up but it doesn't seem to be the depend on the amount of protein or collagen that you provide so I think there it's not limiting at least not in the first few hours after exercise maybe in a longer time frame I don't know that's possibility I think the great benefits are to be expected if they are there on the tissues that have a higher collagen content and so I think they're still a window of opportunity there as a good source of glycine and protein for recuff restoration or repair of collagen-vitch tissues which could be skin which could be tendon cartilage bone etc. whether it is of greater benefit than the same amount of amino acids provided by other protein sources I don't know but that's all stuff that we start we should start doing in the future and we are actually doing a few of those studies and we finished a few studies also where we actually looked at skin because skin is still easy to take samples from the other ones we can only do that pre-surgery so we actually take people that get a new knee and then we actually do the intervention prior to surgery but with course with skin we can take a skin biopsy and we can take a muscle biopsy repeatedly over a few hours and that's also stuff that we've done but we still need to analyze everything so what about the role this signal we've been talking you've been talking a lot about proline hydroxyprole in glycine I mean these are amino acids that are certainly in greater quantity in something like hydrolyzed collagen powder versus protein source of food from food or even a protein powder but there's there's been a lot of at least a lot of pre-clinical evidence looking at these small peptides being signaling molecules in you know their tissues and there's been a lot of sort of I would say speculation that perhaps the signaling role of these collagen peptides may be as important if not more important than the incorporation of proline and hydroxyprole in glycine into tendons and skin so that's that's of interest and of course it's really difficult to figure out in infever when humans whether this is really happening because first of all what dietri or oligo peptides are looking for and then with having 20 different amino acids you can almost have an enormous amount of different dietri and oligo peptides and even if you measure them in the circulation do they actually come from the protein that you ingest it already newly synthesized in the liver so it's so difficult figuring that one out but it's really funny that I was in a podcast where somebody said like how do you get along with a professor bar from UC Davis who actually does a lot of this in vitro work and and so he must be your your your greatest enemy and I said do you want me to pick him to get him and then the guy was completely just just surprised and he said like like what do you mean said he's in my office next door he's on the sabbatical here and so actually during the podcast I actually got Keith out and we said together and then he thought that we had completely opposites perspectives and we don't I mean I'm a human physiologist and and he's also a physiologist but he looks at a lot of also ligaments and genitaligaments and looks at what happens there but then the translation is to what extent can you actually translate this to supplement use or stimulation in vivo that was still far from far from that but yes the individual amino acid so important whether there's bioactive peptides I don't really see any evidence yet so yeah the thing that really peaked my interest in that was there've been there's been a few studies looking at like very small amounts of hydrolychologen powder I mean amounts that you would get in a pill and people with giving them either the hydrolychologen powder or a placebo and people with arthritis and the very very small amount of hydrolychologen powder was having an effect on reducing you know some of their is a lot of it's subjective but there was also some inflammation that was reduced and I was thinking absolutely not an expert in the topic but I've seen a lot of those papers and a few media analysis and there seems to be going some going on something on pain perception but of course pain perception is also something very subjective so is it is it working through the guts is it working through maybe gut brain access or is it really something between gut and muscle or gut and muscular skeletal tissues I don't know but yeah I mean my outcome parameters are generally not the thing that's why I brought up the signaling molecule as well because it's like when I saw the doses and you know these are placebo control it was very surprising to me and like well that's like it's got to be something else going on yeah I mean we're going to we're giving like like 20 or 30 grams of protein and then it's half of it is glycine of protein does it use your hands? The last thing about the hydrolychologen powder I wanted to talk about was getting your thoughts on you know so typically you can hydrolychologen powder is you know available in a wide variety of sizes so anywhere between two kilodons to 10 and there's some evidence that suggests perhaps that smaller like two to five kilodons those peptides are better absorbed better used as signaling molecules getting to the tissues better like for example skin getting you know smaller ones like two to three kilodons I mean again there's not an overwhelming amount of evidence on this it's it's really up and coming and I think it's infancy but I just wanted to get your thoughts and any speculation is to why smaller perhaps not the 10 kilodons but you maybe you know the two to five range might be. So quantitatively most of the of the protein will be completely digested and absorbed as amino acids over the intestinal wall then released in the portal vein then actually released via the liver into the circulation. Now there are transporters for small peptides in the gut and so they have been yeah recognized and and shown the question is do they then on the other side do they stay in the intestinal cells? Do they are they released on the other side towards the portal vein we don't really know that and what happens in the liver with them. So there are some some some some evaluations of of oligopeptides in the circulation are they directly coming from the ingested protein or the hydrolyce protein is there a difference in their amount but you have a further hydrolyce collagen collagen protein with small compounds and I don't know. I mean in vivo I wouldn't have the guts to say it. And what are your thoughts on the skin studies? That's that's one area where again like you you mentioned tissues with a lot of collagen might be more important. So sometimes people don't realize how little we know because we know that if you provide protein and you see an increase in circulating amino acids you see muscle protein synthesis increase and I still think that's magical I mean I'm a complete nerd of course then I'm saying that but do realize that you constantly have amino acids being released from the turnover. I told you that all those other tissues have a huge turnover much higher than muscle so this constantly free amino acids being thrown in your circulation very rapidly and then you only give like 20 grams of protein of which 10 grams is released in circulation of the next four hours and that is only only a spark like maybe 15% on the total turnover the release of amino acid in circulation and that sets of a process that makes the muscle start synthesizing muscle protein that's remarkable because it's not a huge increase it's on the top of everything it's only a little stimulus. Now we notice from muscle we know how it works we know what it does and now we have the signaling molecules the signaling pathways we know the M-tor you know Lucy in et cetera et cetera we know no anything about all these other tissues so do the other tissues respond to nutrition or not and that includes skin but it also includes the liver and the heart whatever so the big question is do these tissues respond to protein ingestion by greater muscle protein synthesis or are they just having the same turnover but they use of course the amino acids that are being released by the protein in our diet so that's the big question now for skin it's interesting because we can figure that one out because I can't take three samples of the liver or the lung or the brain in in six hours that's impossible I can maybe obtain one sample after like a two hour surgery for the skin of course we could actually do the same thing as muscle and now I'm not that much interested in skin but if skin is actually an easier way of finding this investigating the same process as muscle that's interesting because then we only have to take skin biopsies which is much easier and think of muscle biopsies so I'm really interested to see what comes out of that study well the other interesting thing too would go back to that signaling role because again I've seen and this is as you mentioned largely in vitro when scientists are looking at mechanistic potential explanations that these collagen peptides that are small they they're decreasing matrix metallic proteaneuses that are breaking down collagen they're increasing enzymes that are synthesized in collagen in the skin like these are in you know yeah against else but but the big question is I mean so we've seen people I mean there's people doing a vitro work with all kinds of compounds throwing them in the dish and so it's seeing something happening but does the muscle see those compounds that's one and in what concentration and that's where it's limited so a lot of that research has not been done and to be honest a lot of the collagen research is still in highly said at children's shoes or baby shoes it's basically it still has to happen I mean it took many years to convince people to co-support in public private partnerships these kind of studies to see what are the benefits of collagen because I mean the story can be good but I mean we need to verify it but of course it's always scary because what if it doesn't do anything what if and that's that's always what restricts science of course because I mean science is costly but I think the study is just need to be done. Do you think there might be beneficial aspects to consuming a type of which you in some ways called low protein source because it doesn't have all the great yeah low quality protein it doesn't have all the great amino acids for you know scottal muscle protein synthesis but you know proling hydroxyproping glycine it's high in originine, plays a role in you know our bascular system like do you think there could be a role just for consuming hydrolyzed collagen powder just for those amino acids that are a little more abundant in that type of protein source. If there's an unbalanced need for specific amino acids then of course a source that is richer and those amino acids might be of benefit but those amino acids can also be provided by other protein source of course but then again it's a matter of you compensate with if greater quantity in order to get the same amino acids in and so what I think and what I would like to study but we have not doing that yet after large orthopedic surgery where the collagen is actually a benefit to recent the size of those collagen rich tissues because then knowing that 50% is glycine and protein of these tissues that's a lot of glycine and protein so maybe in those conditions you need sources of extra glycine and protein and then I mean then you might actually have a benefit of taking collagen supplements but of course you could also get that by your normal nutrition but there are some interesting calculations and assumptions that nowadays our diet is low in for example glycine and protein because we're not consuming bone broth anymore and stuff and a lot of our of food is processed I mean so the story is still there but the science is not there to back it up yet yeah I don't like I don't know that most people are consuming high high amounts of protein and glycine and hydroxyprolein from food sources unless they are eating the cartilage of their chicken and you know making the bone boiling the bone broth I mean yes some people are doing that but the general population is not and so it is easier to take a hydrolase collagen powder which has a much higher concentration of those specific amino acids than eating a sake yeah what I often also here I mean the hydroxyprolein that might have a I mean that actually is increased in a circulation after ingesting collagen but the hydroxyprolein is not a precursor for your incorporation your own collagen but it might have a stimulatory effect or signaling effect but we don't know I mean again what is the muscle C what those there are the tissue C what does this in the OVMC you know anything that I mean to be honest I mean about I think four or five years ago I think that we were the first to assess the synthesis rate of all the proteins in and around to knee so what we did is being fused people before they they underwent full knee surgery and we measured the synthesis rate of muscle cartilage sovits and novium menisky the the ACL the PCR so everything there was really funny because normally we take a muscle biopsy and then we have 150 milligrams of muscle and then we're completely happy and then we have to measure all these different things in that small amount of muscle now you're standing in the surgery room and you're getting a whole mixed grill I mean I'm getting a menisky's getting an ACL and PCR I'm getting all this tissue and I can all can measure this and this and this and now we have a whole spectrum of all the tissues in and around to knee and the synthesis rates were almost all in the same ballpark muscle and I thought that was already for me the first step towards nutrition and these tissues because the regenerative capacity of these tissues is higher than anticipated. Do you know of a role that growth hormone plays in collagen synthesis? Yeah so we know that that's especially from a abuse of course that that the growth hormone has a incommination for example and about steroids can help you with the connective tissue and protein synthesis and stuff like that so not sure whether to suggest that you have to combine that with collagen and peptides or anything by that. Yeah but I mean you increased growth hormone with exercise. Yeah and you also increased testosterone but like I said I mean the exercise is much more potent than the hormonal changes that you see. Well thank you so much Luke for this very enlightening conversation for all your research that you've done before we you know before we leave I'd like to ask one last question about your personal routine. I mean how you apply maybe some of the principles you've learned through your research and others for your nutrition your exercise workout like frequency I mean what you aim to do perhaps what you do and what you aim to do. In general people ask me I always say I try to not to mix work with with private life but that's just a cop out. Now I write my bike a lot hot so I'm sitting on a road bike a lot especially in the summer. I don't have a specific I don't have specific targets I exercise basically to keep everything as healthy as possible and that I can do and dilge myself it more food and I don't get too fat. So I cycle maybe like four or five times a week and longer writes in the summer when it's when the sun is out I used to write in a rain but now I don't do it anymore I'm getting lazy and of course some resistance training but that's that's not the amount that I did in the past I mean now it's maybe one or two sessions a week and as I heard from you say early you mostly don't eat a lot during the day and then eat it most of your. Yes but that's not a good thing I have to change that to be honest so. Well thank you so much Luke for coming on the show and talking about your research and the important of protein and resistance training in muscle physiology.