Hello everyone. I'm sitting here with Dr. Ashley Mason, who is the director of the sleep eating an affect laboratory at the OSHA Center for Integrative Medicine at UCSF. I'm super excited to have her here today. She specializes in various different non-pharmicological treatments for changing behaviors, I guess, whether that's sleep or eating behavior disorders or affect disorders. So move disorders. And I've had two of your former mentors on the podcast, Dr. Alyssa Epel, who I believe was your post-doctoral advisor, UCSF, and your former graduate advisor, Dr. Charles Rezon, one of my favorite podcast guests, who's done a phenomenal job on starting this whole body of research on the effects of whole body hypothermia for treating affect disorders like mood disorders and depression. So, super excited to dive into all that with you today, but maybe we can start with some of our overlapping passions with getting hot. Absolutely, absolutely. Well, thank you so much for having me here today. Long time fan of the show. It's really exciting to be sitting here with you. Yes, I'm super passionate about sauna and whole body hypothermia protocols and they're entry into the space of treating mental health disorders. I think it's a really exciting area. So maybe you could refresh the viewers or listeners memory or even people that are not familiar with the podcast we had with Dr. Charles Rezon, where he discussed. People are familiar with the term sauna and they know a lot of people use the sauna or they've seen it at their gym. But whole body hypothermia is a new term for a lot of people. And it's a really important one because there is a, that is what clinically was used or is used to treat, where it's shown to help treat depression. And it's a, can you explain the little blue nuance there with whole body hypothermia and how that's different from just going in the sauna. Sure, sure. So it's, it's an emerging field. And like you said, a lot of people are familiar with sauna. It's at their gym. It's maybe even in their house. It's when they go on vacation. And going in the sauna and sweating and then leaving it is very pleasurable. It is often relaxing, calming people enjoy doing it. They often report that they feel better afterward. Whole body hypothermia protocols are a little bit more intense. So if you asked someone who went into one of the saunas and one of the studies that I'm sure we're going to talk about today, they might just not tell you it was a spa like experience. And it's very intense. There's a lot of sweating and you get very, very hot. And whereas with sauna, you might go in it for 15, 20 minutes. Go out of the sauna to cool down for a bit. Go back in with whole body hypothermia protocols. You're getting heated pretty consistently for quite a while until you're on the other side and you're going to be done. It's not so much a going and going out and going in process. And with whole body hypothermia protocols, especially in studies, there've been a lot more steps to control the experience than say going to a sauna at your gym. And we can get into what some of those are if we want to talk about the specific studies. But they're pretty different experiences, although they both involve heat. And maybe like let's talk a little bit about some of the preliminary findings that got you interested in this research and then in first place. Yeah, absolutely. So in 2016, this paper came out by Janssen and a bunch of other co-authors, where they reported on a whole body hypothermia protocol that they had used to test as a treatment for clinical depression. And this study was impressive for a number of reasons. They recruited 30-some odd participants who had pretty significant depression and they randomized half of them to get a whole body hypothermia treatment or half of them to get a sham whole body hypothermia treatment. And I'm going to talk about what the differences are there in a second. But it was a very good idea for a placebo condition for this study. So the whole body hypothermia condition, the folks randomized to receive this were put into a kind of whole body hypothermia she involved in for ad heating lamps. And this is a pretty fancy machine. They run about $50,000. You only find them in hospitals. They're made in Germany. It's called the Heckl. And it's a pretty involved experience. So these people who were randomized to receive whole body hypothermia went into this sonotent, if you will, the Heckl machine. And they were heated until they reached a core body temperature of 38.5 degrees Celsius. After that time, the sonot was turned off and they stayed in their anyway for another hour just lying there. And during that time, their temperature actually continued to rise all the way up to about 38.85 or so degrees Celsius. And all during that time, they are sweating, sweating, sweating, they are hot. And what's really important to know about this sonotent is that their head is outside of the sonotent. So you asked about one of the differences between regular sonotent and whole body hypothermia. This is a major one. When you go into a sonot, your whole body is going into the sonotent, including your head. With these whole body hypothermia protocols, in many cases, your head is not in the heating element. It's outside of it. So you can be drinking. The person can be attending to your head, putting cool cloths on it, and so on, like they did in that Jansson study. Now the other half of the people who didn't get the whole body hypothermia, they were actually put in that same machine. But it wasn't turned on to be very hot. And they, the lamps turned on. And they got a little bit warm. But they didn't get anywhere near as warm. I think it was like 99.5 degrees Fahrenheit, that they, that the control condition got into. The other half of the body hypothermia is that the authors of the study actually asked all of the participants. So what do you think you got? Do you think you got the real deal, the whole body hypothermia? Or do you think you got the control condition? Some 71% of people in that control condition thought they got the actual sonotent treatment. So why is that exciting? Because when you actually look at the change in the depression scores for these people, it was pretty remarkable. The drops in depression within a week were pretty impressive. And what's more, those drops were maintained six weeks later. And this was one whole body hypothermia session. And so the difference between the groups was pretty notable six weeks out, and especially one week out. And this study caught my eye for a few reasons. One is that as a whole, in this country, many other countries were not just great at treating depression. It's a big problem. And I depressants work for many people, therapy works for many people, but we still have a long way to go and developing treatments for depression. And when you see a treatment like that, with that strong of a control condition, and those effect sizes and those reductions in depression, it catches your eye. So I got really excited about that. Started looking more into what else has been done with this, and it turned out there was one other study in 2013, the Hanush paper, where they just recruited depressed participants. They gave them the sonotent session, and then they looked at them afterward. And there's some really neat striking findings about that study as well. But it was a single arm study. So there was no control condition. But those two studies got me really excited and started me down this path, in particular with looking at temperature. You said, for the, there was a couple of things you said, with, with, you know, Dr. Charles Razon's study, 2006 study, with this Hekel machine, with a body help with the army. That are really important. And, and those are that one, you said that there was an effect within just a week of treatment, which is quite quickly. It's soon. I mean, like, if you think about classical like serotonin, re-uptake inhibitors, which SSRIs, which are used very, you know, widely for, you know, depression treatment, they don't work that quick. They don't work immediately like that. So that was one thing. And to get your thoughts in too, the fact that they did one session and it lasted six weeks. Like they didn't have to keep going every day or even every week. I mean, they just did it once. And it was a six week, like there was a, a lasting effect. Yeah. So what are your thoughts? Oh, it was, it was pretty, it was a big moment for me. And what I realized when I was thinking about that very SSRI thing was that, well, wait a minute, what do SSRIs have in common with all of this? And I went back and I looked at some of the SSRI literature. And it turns out that one of the most common side effects of SSRIs is hyperhydrosis. It's sweating. So then I thought, huh, sweating, the, one of the most common side effects of SSRIs. And yet with whole body hyperthermia, what are we actually doing? We should probably actually go back into, into why this, some of the mechanisms a little bit here with this. But that really made me think, okay, wait a minute, do we have actual data now? Has anybody published on whether sweating in response to SSRIs is associated with if they are effective or not? I'm actually not aware of a paper that has done that. It'd be a great paper and a great analysis to do. I hope someone's working on it. I'd love to work on it. There's a lot of data that we could use to test that. But getting back to your question about while this works really fast. Yeah. SSRIs take weeks can take months before they start to work, whereas Dr. Ray's on notice these effects in just a week in his study design. And yes, they did last out six weeks. Now they didn't measure beyond six weeks. So we don't know what happened and that's a key area future research. But maybe we should talk a little bit about the hypothesis underlying why this might be working. And that's where my mind went after I saw that 2016 paper. I thought my goodness, what's going on here. Well, it turns out there is literature showing temperature dysregulation in people with depression back early 1980, the 82 and then 97 are researchers. Dr. Avery published some work showing that people with depression often have higher night time body temperatures. And they're not as good at thermoregulatory cooling. They don't sweat as much to cool themselves down. And what's also been interesting is that there's other work that shows that when people with depression get better, when their depression symptoms lessen, their core body temperature also can decrease. And that's in the context of other treatments that aren't related to sonatryment. For example, electrocubulsive therapy, ECT. There's a paper that showed that with successful ECT treatment, the patient's temperatures dropped alongside their depression. And from that high-neutral paper, that single arm sonatryle, what they found was that the decrease in body temperature was correlated with the decrease in depression. And they measured that decrease in body temperature pretty carefully. They were using an indwelling rectal probe. So they were really measuring it those five days afterward. And that says something about the mechanism here with body temperature. And thermal regulation, perhaps somehow sonatryle is changing the thermos. Turn it on. Yeah. Now, this is when you're talking about clinically depressed people. Most people experience depressive symptoms in their lives because of events that happen via death of a loved one or stress from work or financial stress or relationships stress. I mean, there's a lot of life experiences that can cause people to be sad. But you're talking about something different here. Yeah. Right. You're talking about a clinical type of depression, which isn't just feeling sad because you're anxious because of a certain experience. Being depressed or down most of the day, nearly every day for quite a few days. This is major depressive disorder. So it's an actual mental health disorder. Right. And those people, like you were saying, there's a correlation between not regulating the body temperature like correctly and that type of. In some studies, there are some samples. And again, these are small samples. But what the researchers have found is that these patients body temperatures are higher and that when their depression symptoms improve, the body temperature is decreased. So there's something there. And also that these people's body temperatures just tend to run hotter than other non depressed samples. Do you know if this is optopic, but do you know if stress itself or stress hormones or that something there changes the thermoregatory system? So for example, if someone were to have like some sort of serious stress, like a death death of a loved one or something. Like, and the stress, do you think that could possibly cause dysregulation of that system as or, um, I can't stick off the wall question kind of. I can't speak to the data, but the, because I don't know the data on that, but it seems plausible that if we become really distressed and start to experience some of the symptoms that people with major depressive disorder are experiencing. And we're experiencing them and it's somewhat of a prolonged way that we could develop that, but we just don't have the data right now. Yeah. There's a lot of depression that is situational as you describe a lot, but there's also depression that's biological. Yes. And so we don't know so much which camp that's fine. Right. I think, um, another plausible mechanism. I know Chuck and I are Dr. Charles Resonis and I discussed this and you and I as well, and conversations that we've had, but inflammation and this I know like there are studies that have shown you can take a healthy individual who is not known to have any sort of clinical depression. And you can inject them with lipopolysaccharide, which is, you know, a piece of the out of membrane of bacteria. And it causes a very potent inflammatory response in humans. You inject them with a lipopolysaccharide and they have an inflammatory response. They have activation of the immune system. The body's like, oh bacteria, I got to fight it off. Don't want to get sick. So inflammation's generated. And as you know, and we talked about a lot in the podcast, you know, inflammatory molecules cross over the blood brain barrier. And they disrupt neurotransmission in there, all sorts of things happening. You know, microglial activation. And what's been shown is that people experience healthy people experience depressive symptoms after being injected with this lipopolysaccharide versus a saline control. So people individuals that were injected with salt water to have those depressive symptoms. I think did some sort of questionnaire or scale of which you are familiar with, probably, but not me. But what was interesting is that in addition to that, people were given a high dose of EPA, which is one of the marino megatri fatty acids. That's very potent at negating inflammation. And the people that were given that and injected with lipopolysaccharide didn't experience the depressive symptoms. What I'm getting at here is that, you know, it seems as though that study itself and there's actually more than one that showed this. Could you could, you could cause or induce depressive symptoms in healthy individuals just by causing inflammation. And you could prevent that by giving someone in, quote, unquote, something that's anti inflammatory, which I thought was so impressive and amazing and important because, you know, inflammation, there's so many sources of inflammation, so many different lifestyle factors obviously, you know, sickness. I mean, people do feel depressed when they're sick too. But, but the sauna and inflammation and how the sauna affects inflammation is a whole other interesting area. And particularly because, you know, we know for a fact that lifestyle factors that can improve depression and, you know, your, your specialty is non-pharmaclactric treatments. And so, you know, of course, exercise is one of the big ones, right? I mean, exercise has been shown in multiple studies to help improve depressive symptoms and people with drug resistant, you know, major depressive disorder and or have clinical depression. And of course, that's not it's not easy to get someone who's depressed to exercise. But the fact of the matter is that it does work in some cases, not all the time, but it does work. And the sauna, in, in, there's many different ways that the sauna does mimic cardiovascular, moderate cardiovascular exercise. We have a lot of the same physiological responses, the increase in blood flow to the skin, the, the sweating to cool down the core body temperature, which increases with aerobic exercise. It also increases with sauna, elevated heart rate, you know, blood pressure changes, the blood pressure increases while you're exercising or while you're in the sauna, then afterwards it goes down even below baseline levels. So lots of different similarities and of course there's been head to head comparisons comparing moderate aerobic exercise to sauna use. So there's definitely some overlap there. What are your thoughts on like well, maybe this is also helping depression in a similar way that exercise or specifically cardiovascular exercise would. Yeah, absolutely. I think the pathway is totally plausible, but you hit the nail on the head a lot of times we would love it if we could get people with depression to exercise. But that is just too much to ask in a lot of cases. It's also the case that not everybody can necessarily just go and exercise and that sounds a little bit crazy, but there are actually lots of people who have injuries or other problems that prevent them from engaging in the kind of exercise they would need to do to have that anti-depressant effect, which is aerobic exercise. Right. I think running is one of the most well looked at ones and it works well for mild and moderate depression. I don't remember a bunch of these studies have divided out the depression by mild moderate and severe to look at which ones exercise works for best and I don't quite recall off top of the head at the moment which it was the best for but getting people with mild depression to exercise. I think is much more feasible than getting people with severe depression to exercise. But if we're able to actually capitalize on sauna, if people are more open to using whole body heating practices, then maybe we have an avenue in to get it some of those biological pathways that exercise is triggering, like you just described. And that's why I think it's really important to start measuring those pathways in whole body hyperthermia studies and I'm not aware of any whole body hyperthermia study looking at depression as an outcome that has measured those. So that's unarmed to do list. Right. Yeah, I mean that's something so we have you've got a couple of studies one that's probably like it was like a proof of principle that it's safe. Yeah. It's under review right now. We did a study right before COVID struck. We finished up this 25 person study to develop the protocol that we're going to be using at UCSF for our future trials. Maybe you even talked about why so you talked about this heckle machine and it's very expensive and it's you know made in Germany and but that's not what you're using now. So, maybe we can talk about what you're using and why and your personal story about how you came to it out. It's a pretty funny one. So after that paper in 2016 came out and I got all excited about the study and I emailed Chuck or Dr Charles Rayson about it and started talking about how could we do this. Research will it turned out it actually really difficult to do research with that machine without a lot of money and without a lot of resources and at the time I was pretty junior UCSF. I had just become an assistant professor just got my first big NIH grant and wanted to figure out how how can we do this and not only how can we do this in a way that's feasible in science but how can we actually develop something that could be taken out of the hospital that is actually more accessible that might even someday be able to be in all kinds of settings not just hospitals maybe something that could be transitioned into someone's home. And how can we make this more affordable? There's enough healthcare that's un affordable. What's not adds to that list. So, I decided to see what I could do and gathered a group of friends and said hey guys, we need to go and figure out if we can find a sauna that can get our core body. Temperature up as hot as this machine can. So I went to all greens and bought a whole bunch of thermometers handed about and said alright guys. Here's the list of all the different places to go and try these different saunas and there was a Russian bonia. There were a bunch of health spas. There were some other spas that have started having these infrared saunas. I have some friends who had infrared saunas in their house by that time. And everybody just started doing a bunch of testing for me and we learned really quickly that man can't get to that core body temperature because it can't stand to stay in that long. In these protocols the Janssen protocol on the Hanoosh protocol people were in the sauna for well over an hour. Two hours in the Hanoosh case and I think a hundred and seven minutes on average in the Janssen paper. Those are that's a long time to be in that little device. You'll never be in a hundred and seventy nine to be fair and high sauna for that long. Now, absolutely impossible. Absolutely not. You shouldn't know it would be detrimental to your health. Very dangerous. That idea. So you're going around sticking thermometers in your butt. Definitely. That's a lot of stuff. That was the most accurate way to measure core body temperature. That's when what increase in core body temperature was it a two or two and a half. Yeah, look at you. So on average if people run their baseline between 97 and 99 right a tube degree temperature change could meet a lot of things for different people. So I was really looking to see could people get to 101.3 because that was the temperature in the Janssen and Hanoosh protocols. And it turns out the overwhelming answer was well, no. What about 20 minutes at 190? What does that get you? I don't want 90 Fahrenheit. I don't know. That's my typical that's my typical thought. There was only one place I think that we could find that had a sauna that hot and that was a Russian Bonia in San Francisco. All the infrared ones don't get that hot actually. And so infrared definitely what's like 140. 140 to 16. You can get up there. There's a bunch of variability though. And so anyway, ultimately, I only ever had a couple of friends who were able to get that hot maybe once or twice. And they said it was relatively excruciating. They thought they were going to faint like I, And then I, you know, the descriptions that they gave me would never have passed through the institutional review board. You see that stuff. And I thought, hmm, what am I missing here? What's the key detail? But it turns out that key detail is having your head out of the sauna. So then we rebooted and started looking around for heating devices where your head is not inside of it. And behold, found one of these sauna domes. And got a few of those started testing that out. And it turns out you can stand to be in that thing for a lot longer than this is an infrared sauna dome. It is head out head out. And it's like something you can just buy on the sauna. You can buy one on the internet. There are so many kinds. Now, obviously, we had to pick a kind and then had to do. We had to apply a pliver something called a non-significant risk determination through the UCSFIRB in order to be able to use it. We had to write up a whole protocol, say what I was going to do, say how it was going to work, how I was going to keep people safe. All of these things they had to review it. It took about a year to get the approvals to do that one first study. And you might be wondering, well, okay, so people are lying in this tube. Dr. is on sent me his mind-dray rectal probe machine that I could use for this study, which is a rectal probe that's in there the whole time. It's silicone. It's not a big deal. And no one in the study that I did with 25 people had any complaints or anything about it as soon as they saw it. They said, oh, that's not a thing. I could put that there. And it was no big deal. And in order to keep people able to stand this for that long, we developed a whole protocol where a person sits at the head of the person who's in the sauna and is giving them water when they're thirsty. And most importantly, is using giant ice cubes and cold clouds all over their head to keep them cool and then they're going to be able to do that. And it keeps them cool and they're head. And it's remarkable what a difference this makes and what a roll it plays. And it keeps people stay calm. It helps them stay comfortable. Because we did some test runs with folks with and without it as much. And people were overwhelmingly more comfortable when they had ice on their face. Turns out, you do this protocol. People can stay in the sauna. It's about 80, 70 to 80 minutes. It was comparable to the protocols from the Jensen and the newspapers. And we were off to the races. So we did it with 25 people. And those data are under review now. What temperature was it? The dome? It was about. Gosh. It's hard to say. I think it was about between 140, 450 ish. It was not. It's on the entire 80 minutes. And so that's another really important thing. So I think there's a whole category of things we've discovered from the existing literature. And one of the really important ones is that the time that you are taking to get to that temperature also might really matter. When people got into those sauna tents in those two other studies, they were cold. And then the researchers turned them on and heated them up. And so that's what we did in our study as well. They got in. We turned it on. And then they heated up as the ambience air heated up. And in a recent paper that actually incidentally chance and then hungry should written together, they reviewed some of the studies that exist for looking at whole body height, for therming, for depression. And one of the things they noted is that the effect sizes of the change and depression from before to after the intervention. In other words, the size of the reduction in depression was higher if people spent more time getting to that peak temperature. So longer seemed to be better. And in hindsight, that's not really rocket science. I mean, it makes a lot of sense. If you take a frog and you throw it into boiling water, it jumps right out. It says, this is too hot. I can't stand this. But if you put the frog in the cold water and then you slowly heat it up, it can stand to be in the heat for a whole lot longer. And it's going to get much more of the effects than the brief amount of time it was in the boiling water. So this paradigm where we start people cool might have a multiple effects. One, it might help people actually be able to endure this treatment better. Because if you and I are thinking, oh, getting into our 160 degree finish or 190 degree finish, it's hot. The minute you get in, you are going. But these people don't start with that shock. They're just like, okay, I'm lying here. It's getting warmer. And maybe it helps them with data and be able to do it longer. Because as I said, it's not a spa treatment. It's not a walk in the park. It's intense. I don't know exactly where we started with that, but I got all excited about this protocol working. What's interesting is also because you mentioned, like, for example, I get into this 190 degree, you know, Fahrenheit degree, sauna. And I want that thing hot when I get, I don't want to waste my time. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to get in there. But I'm also heated to dopeded. And, you know, there have been studies showing that, you know, the more you expose yourself to heat, whether, or the more you elevate your core body temperature, which can be through ambient heat, so like a sauna or hot bath or a steam shower or yoga or exercise, the more adapted you become. So your body starts to sweat at a lower core body temperature to cool yourself down. All these other physiological changes start to happen. Your heart rate availability, you know, proves all those things happen when you're adapted. And when you're adapted it becomes easier. It's like, oh, I'm sweating at a lower core body temperature, so I'm feeling cooler. And I can stay in easier, right? And also heat shock proteins. We'll talk about biomarkers. Heat shock proteins, which are proteins that are, you know, classically known to be involved with, you know, their stress response proteins. So heat is a form of stress, and they get activated with. And many types of stress, but he is one of them. And they basically protect proteins inside of your cells from aggregating and becoming misfolded and forming plaques and disrupting things. They also help prevent muscle atrophy. They play a role in preventing your muscles from atrophy. And they do play a lot of neuroprotective roles and neurodegenerative disease a lot of things. But they also kind of help your body deal with the heat stress and part of the adaptation. So people with like higher levels of heat shock proteins, the people that are heated to acted, they increase their heat shock proteins upon exposure to heat sooner than people that are not adopted. And so kind of what you're saying makes sense, where you're not just shocking them all at once, but they might be slowly adapting in a way, you know, like an physiological level. It could be, and it's their first time. So it's very, it's very new. They're not adapted in any way to that. Yeah, totally. I've noticed like with, for example, my mom who, boy, she can sweat at like the like, my new, this little temperature change where she just, she's like, it's hot in here, where's my fan, you know? So I've been getting her in our sauna. And the first time she got in, it was like five minutes. And I put it, I did it at 165, which is typically what a lot of chimns are at. 165 Fahrenheit. She was like, I couldn't, she couldn't stand it for more than five minutes. Yeah. And I said, okay, that's okay. She first time, you know, like, and then the second time she did it, she was like, she was in there less than 10, but it was more than five. You know, and then now she's like, you know, I mean, she can stand there 10, but sometimes what she'll do is she'll stay in there for 10, and then get out, she'll get on the lower bench, she'll get out for a couple minutes and come back in. But the first couple times, I mean, it was like, I can't do this. Yeah, I'm, this isn't, this is too much, you know, for me. That's why it's so important to develop these protocols in ways that people will actually do them. Right. Because as much as we wish, you know, we could have people do all kinds of things. Exercise or all of you. Eat certain things. If people will do it, then it won't work. Right. Yeah. And you mentioned this also, which is a fairly important point, is there a lot of disabled people. Like, there are people that can't go for a run. Whether it's joint injuries or something more severe. I mean, there are people that can't do like aerobic exercise. And there are also people that have never done it in their entire life. And they're older. And it's like, good luck getting someone who's never been physically active to like, start being physically active in their six-decay of life. It's really hard. So the sauna is like, it's, it's not only like, you know, more applicable in the sense that people are more compliant because it's easier to do to go, it's easier to go to sit. In something that it is to go for a run. But there's, I mean, people that can't go for a run. Like, physically. Right. That's amazing, right? Yeah. Being able to do that. And I think that's where this comes into for thinking about cardiovascular disease, which I know you've thought a ton about and you get that talk about. And it's, you know, it's a big theme. And one of the things we should definitely mention is that cardiovascular disease and depression, those often happen together. And so there's a large group of people who are struggling with cardiovascular problems and also depression for whom this may be a treatment that could have an effect for both conditions. So one of the other aspects to think about when developing a particular book, call like this, is can we use it for other conditions too, not just mental health, but maybe also other physical health conditions that are affected by exercise and heat. Right. So, yeah. So let's talk about the, so you're now doing a study. I guess starting soon. COVID's deleted a bit. Yes. It's laid much research in the world. But let's not talk about that. So this new study that you are, that I'm super excited about and I get to play a very small role, collaborative role with you. It's going to be so fun. Let's talk about it. Yeah. Because biomarkers, which is where I come in with my enthusiasm. Absolutely. And being able to look at how you know, how it's on a may affect people with depression at eight, you know, like a real molecular level, right? So in the cells. Yeah. So let's talk about that study, which hopefully will start. Yes. Very soon. So we're really looking forward to this study. It's going to be a three year project to do this pair of two studies. The first study will be 16 people. And everybody's going to get the same thing. And I'll talk about that as in a second. And the second study is going to be 30 people. And half of those people get one thing and half of those people get another thing. So let's talk about what everybody's getting in the first study. So first of all, in both these studies, we're going to measure all of those biomarkers. It's going to be pretty exciting. You've mentioned a number of them so far. BDNF, heat shock proteins, inflammatory cytokines, gosh, CRP. There's a little bit of a laundry list. We've got gold. So people that don't know what BDNF is, brain drive neurodry factor. And what role does that play in depression? Just like generally speaking. F. My goodness. So I'm not up to stuff. I would say on all of the biological underpinnings with these molecules. Neuroplastic. It's one of the things that exercise has been done to increase. And it's a thought that may help with neuroplasticity. Right. But there's been a whole bunch dating back to Dr. Charles Rizon's paper in 2007, called cytokines, sing the blues, looking at how depression may be quite inflammatory. Right. For some people who have it. And so we know that exercise is temporarily inflammatory when you do it. But it's actually in a good way because of the adaptive changes that follow from that. The underlying inflammatory, yes. Right. So the thought is, well, sauna is hopefully quite similar. And we have a bunch of data that suggests that it is looking in that direction. We still need to do the research though. So in this first study, we will have 16 people with major depressive disorder. We will recruit them. They will all be adults. And in addition to getting a whole body hypothermia treatment, they're also going to get something called cognitive behavioral therapy for depression. So what is that? Cognitive behavioral therapy is a psychotherapy used for depression. It's considered gold standard. It's a first line treatment for depression. It doesn't involve medications. It's just a therapist who provides the treatment. It's pretty structured. It's pretty standardized. There are very specific tools that are often used across all of the different ways of administering this treatment. But the idea is that thoughts impact our feelings and how we feel impacts our behavior. So for example, if you have someone who has, let's say, type 2 diabetes and they come in and they say, I'm never going to be able to get my blood sugar under control. Never going to be able to do it. I just can't seem to stick to this diet. I'm always going to fail. I'm never going to be able to do this. When someone has those series of thoughts, how do you think they feel? Not so great. They don't feel so great. And when you don't feel so great, what you do? Well, the chocolate cake sounds pretty good. Maybe it's a chocolate cake to feel better. But then you eat the chocolate cake, which reinforces the thought, I can't do this. I'm never going to be able to stick to this diet. And so on and so forth. So thoughts feel in behavior, thoughts feel in the field. And so interrupting that loop is a major part of cognitive behavioral therapy for depression. And there's a bunch of different ways that that's done. Anyway, this treatment is known to work. However, it doesn't work if people won't do it. And what is one of the major reasons why people with depression can't really get some benefits out of psychotherapy. They can't really engage because they're super depressed. Not with standing, of course, there are huge problems with our medical health care system in terms of being able to get therapy. That's a whole nother can of worms that we don't need to go into. But the point that I'm making is just that if patients can't really engage in therapy, they can't really get the benefits out of therapy. So in this treatment, everybody's going to get whole body hyperthermia, as well as cognitive behavioral therapy sessions. Not at the same time, they might be on separate days, and or they might be on the same day, but one after the other. And you might be wondering, well, where did this idea come from? Like, why give cognitive behavioral therapy with whole body hyperthermia? And that dates back to a few different things. And I think this, I think you and Dr. Charles Razon talked about this during your discussion about some of the traditional origins of sauna. It's often been a communal process. Native American sweat lodges. People don't go in those by themselves, right? It's a group or in the Korean kilns or in the Russian Banias, right? It's been a social experience. And one thing that Chuck told me about the 2016 paper and about that study was that during the study, the patients who were getting the whole body hyperthermia often started chatting. I don't remember if you guys talked about this part or not, but I just from personal experience. Yeah, absolutely true. I mean, you become chatty when you're in the sauna. I'm like, yeah, we talked to people when, yeah, yeah, started wanting to connect, started wanting to. And so the research assistants went back to the investigators and said, the patients are talking, what should we be saying to them, what should we be doing? And I remember when Chuck told me this story and just thinking, huh? Well, if whole body hyperthermia is making people want to talk more and one of the major reasons why people don't do well in therapy is that they don't want to talk and they don't want to engage, should we be pairing these things? Could using heat, then cause people to be able to be more engaged in therapy. And so this is the ultimate mind-body type and prevention, right? There's no drugs here. If we can develop something like this that gets around prescribing people medications, maybe this is a good way to go. So, propose this dual intervention with a mind-in-a-body component and that's what we're moving forward with. So we're developing that combined intervention. And then in the second study with the 30 people, we're randomizing half of people to just get the cognitive behavioral therapy, which we know works. The literature, there's reviews, meta-analysis, showing the cognitive behavioral therapy for depression works. Half people will get that and then half will also get the whole body hyperthermia sessions. And we will see, just adding the whole body hyperthermia lead to larger depression decreases. And you might be wondering, well, why don't you do it differently? Why didn't you just do just the sauna versus just CBT or something like this? Well, it's really tricky ethically to recruit patients with depression and then not provide them with a treatment that we know works. And tell them, oh, and by the way, don't do anything else while you're doing this thing. That's a very, very tricky thing to do. The better thing to do is to say, okay, here's what we know we have already. Can we do better than that? The other key gaps that we're addressing is we're going to be giving people eight weekly whole body hyperthermia sessions. Right. So that's a lot. We're going to see our people willing to do this. Do they get more benefit this way? Because all of those other two studies that I mentioned, they only gave one whole body hyperthermia session. And we saw that huge drop one week later. Right. What happens if we give a second session one week later? Are we going to see another huge drop? We don't know. We need those data. So we're going to be doing multiple whole body hyperthermia sessions. We're also going to be measuring body temperature at night during their entire time at their Entreatment because they're going to use a wearable device when they're sleeping, when they're sleeping. Instead of using, you know, an indwelling rectal probe. That's kind of a hard cell to get people to wear that for like, I don't know, ten weeks. I don't know. I don't know. I don't think we're going to go for it. We're going to measure depression symptoms daily using smartphones so that we can actually see when symptoms are changing. We're going to measure all those biomarkers and we're going to have all these in relation to each other. And one of the things I really hope we discover too is how willing are people to do this kind of sauna treatment. And then, you know, obviously seeing how long it lasts. We're going to measure outcomes further than one week and six weeks, obviously. But what my hope is that is that we might be able to develop almost a booster method. If, if in the future, this seems like a good idea after this next study and I really hope it does. But you see on the internet that you can buy all these sauna tents that you can use at home. You know, people with people that are doing a picture of them. You got their hands out and they're reading their magazine and their heads out and it looks kind of fun. You could see them on all the different websites. Well, what, what, what if we actually need to do a certain number of this intensity of whole body heating, like the kind that we're talking about here, but then at home it could be supplemented. And it could be maintained or sustained in this way. And that's a great model moving forward. Would people rather, you know, take drugs that maybe aren't working so well or maybe come with a certain number of side effects. Or say, oh, once a week, I have to sit and sit in this thing for 45 minutes and read a magazine. Right? So if we can develop a longer-term model for maintaining wellness and maintaining reductions in depression symptoms, that would be a huge win. Well, you are really moving this field forward. I know the Chuck sort of moved on to other types of research. And so, you know, you're this, these studies are, in my opinion, opening the door for many other potential research studies. People could start to then start to look at Finnish sauna. They could start to look at stuff that people, well, maybe we don't, maybe we can just, you know, find an effect by going for 20 minutes at 175 degree Fahrenheit. You know, there's all sorts of research that could be, is opened up. You know, where, you know, people just don't even know to study this. There's so many open-minded things. More people will study it. Yeah. And, you know, because, and then can this be applied to, like, a hot bath. Can people, like, or a jacuzzi, or, you know, because there are, as you know, like small clinical studies showing hot baths can improve. Was it, was it, depressed symptoms and people with depressed disorder? So, there was a 2017 paper with hot baths. And they did see that two weeks out that they had improved those symptoms. But the, the reduction had faded some by four weeks. But of note, again, that says something about the temperature. Those people got into that tub at that hot temperature. They weren't warmed up to it. And it was a pretty short hot tub. I think it was like 23 minutes or so. Yeah. So, yes, there are these small studies and taken together. We're starting to be able to see these patterns of what might matter, being in their longer, getting to a certain temperature, staying at that temperature. You know, these things. But there are so many research questions that we need to answer that it, in this field, that it's just positively overwhelming. But I'm so excited about the next pair of trials that we're going to be doing. And I'm so glad that you're on board to be doing all of this biomarker assessment with us. And it's going to be blast. The fact that it's happening is almost kind of like part of believe. And like, wow, this is actually happening soon. Yep. So I can't wait for it to start. But you and me both. Let's move on to another area of really big area of your expertise. And that is helping treat people with chronic insomnia and using non-pharmacologic treatments for chronic insomnia. Maybe we could start with, I mean, so many people have sleepless nights. There's a lot of people that perhaps they drink too much coffee later in the day, or they have a life event that keeps them stressed and psychologically aroused, or they're having too much bright blue light exposure and inhibiting their melatonin. And nice, so they're not. They're sort of becoming these night owls from like an environmental, you know, stimulus perspective. What's the difference? I'm like chronic insomnia. Like people that actually have insomnia versus someone who is has a chronotype, someone who has a genetic predisposition to being like a night owl, where they stay up really late and then like sleep all like most of the day. Like there are people that just genetically are being exposed to that. Yeah, yeah. Can you talk about that? Yeah, absolutely. So I know you covered a ton in your podcast with Dr. Sachin Panda about circadian stuff, and that is huge. And there's all kinds of ways that you can mess up your sleep with light and caffeine and all those things. Chrono types, whether you're an evening person or a morning person, those exist. And I think the data are that, you know, some, it's kind of roughly a third or third, a thirdish of people are morning people, a thirdish of people are evening people, and then a thirdish or somewhere in the middle. And what does that mean? For a lot of people that just means they feel like they think best, they're they're most creative and they feel best at that time of day. It's pretty biologically determined. Now, of course, we can perturb it with lights and crazy things, but it is pretty biologically determined. And the way that our society is built, it's to favor the larks, the morning people, not the night owl, right? Because we've got work, work, kids school, all kinds of stuff starts super early in the morning. And that's hurting the evening people in two ways. One, it's forcing them to get up early, so they're missing out on sleep, because they're already going to bed late. And two, they're not performing well, because the morning is not their time to shine. They don't perform that great then. They perform best in the evening. So society isn't set up so well for these evening people. It's really biased toward the morning people. And a chronotype isn't necessarily a sleep problem. It poses more health risks for night owls. But insomnia is something different altogether. Many people will experience insomnia over the course of their lifetime. A lot of people think, well, wait, isn't it super genetic? Well, there's some genetics to it, like 28 to 45% of insomnia is genetic. But that means that a lot of it is not. A lot of it is due to our own experience, our own behavior. And insomnia is really difficulty falling asleep, difficulty staying asleep, or difficulty with waking up two or really in the morning and not being able to get out of bed. For this to be happening at least three nights or so a week, for it to been going on for at least three months. And for it to be distressing. That's key. It has to be distressing. So chronotypes and insomnia are pretty different. And every now and then I get someone referred to me who says, oh, I'm an evening person and I want to become a morning person in two months. Please, like, that's my goal. I say, oh, dear. I don't think that we can change that. And we can talk about ways to work with it. But changing a chronotype is not really something you can just do. That's pretty biologically genetically determined. But if someone is referred to me and saying, I can't fall asleep. This started like eight years ago when I changed my job and I got really stressed out because now I have to perform every Tuesday at some sort of big meeting or something. Yeah, what does it mean cause is a minstrel. It's stress. Okay. Yeah. So there's a lot of different things that can cause insomnia. A big one is change. It's pretty funny when patients get patients come to me. I always do I get halfway through an interview asking about a bunch of different things about their sleep. And then in the middle of my interview, I say, one of this start, what cause this. And by asking all those other questions first, I get all these other, like, useful details. But you'll often hear, well, you know, I retired. I used to work nine to five and then I retired and I was all set up to play golf, go to brunch, read books, do all these things, but then it got me sleep. Because it was a huge change to their schedule. They didn't have those zeitgabbers anymore during the day things that anchor them to their 24 hour clock. They didn't have a time to get up. They stopped using in alarm. They didn't have to be somewhere at a certain time. So that can be a major change. Other major changes that can lead to insomnia are changes in relationships status, a breakup, losing a job, having a kid raising a kid. There's a lot of different things that can cause insomnia. However, things that maintain insomnia are generally not the same things as what cause insomnia. For example, let's say someone loses their job. It's really stressful. They got fired unexpectedly. Didn't see it coming really upsetting, right? And so they can't sleep because they're worrying about all kinds of things. So my next paycheck and a come from where I'm going to do all these things. And they start, you know, reading and bed and listening to music and bed and trying to do calming things when they're not sleeping. Because I thought, I can't sleep in my as well reader. Oh, I'm eyes a little watched that show. I guess I could just drink my computer. Yeah, I guess I could get into it. I guess I could drink my computer and bed and just start working on some emails applying for some more jobs. And then all of a sudden, they're doing all these things in bed. Fast forward three months, they've got a new job. But you know what, they're still taking their computer in bed. Check and Twitter in bed. Doing all these things. And then wondering why when they put the things away to go to bed, they can't get to sleep. Well, now it's these bad sleep hygiene behaviors that are perpetuated in their insomnia. Not the fact that they lost a job three months ago. That's over with. They got a new job now. So the things that are perpetuating it are the behaviors they actually used to try and help themselves earlier on. Which is that become about behaviors. Huh? Do they become bad behaviors? Would you call them bad behaviors? Okay, so you do something. Okay, yeah, go ahead. I was going to say things like napping things like and I can talk a little bit of napping because it's a double-edged sword. But things like napping things like kind of sleep in on the weekends using sleep pills. Yeah. But over the counter sleep days to try and get to sleep using things that aren't over the counter to try to get to sleep. Yeah. Cancelling activities, cancelling workouts, skipping them because you're just too tired. So starting to do all of these handicapping activities that are actually detracting from what you really want to be doing, which is building up a denazine during the day. And I know that you a doctor Matthew Walker talked about how caffeine impacts sleep and how you really want to accrues sleep drive during the day, so that you can fall asleep at night. Well, guess what? If you're taking long nap during the day, you're decreasing the sleep drive that you have at the end of the day that helps capitulate you into sleep and keep you asleep. And if you never used to take nap because you used to sleep fine because you didn't use to do all these other things. It's kind of this feed forward process. And like you've talked about on many kapod casts, caffeine. I don't have a problem with caffeine, but if you're drinking it later in the day, it's still very much active when you're trying to go to sleep at messes with all kinds of things. Similarly, you might develop patterns of using your bright bright computer screen, very, very late at night when you didn't use to do that before you had a major stressor that happened. So all of these different kinds of behaviors can perpetuate sleep problems. And in the treatment that I do, cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia, we focus on a bunch of things. We focus on sleep hygiene, something called stimulus control. We focus on something called sleep restriction, which is not sleep deprivation. Oh, I'll mention that in a minute, cognitive techniques and then relaxation techniques. So the sleep hygiene I just went over. Stimulus control is going back to basics with the bed. Nothing in bed except for sleep or sex. That's it. No listening to podcasts, no watching TV, no fighting with your spouse, no wondering where your kids going to play to college. None of that's iPods social media. None of it in bed. Stimulus control. The only thing we do in bed, no phones in bed, no, oh my gosh. I've got stories about phones. No phones in bed. Just sleep or sex. And that means that if you can't sleep and you're in your bed and you're laying there worrying, you are violating the rule. You have to get out of the head and you have to go to the couch or go somewhere else and finish your worrying or finish whatever you're doing. And then you can go back to bed. And a lot of people don't like that. They think it sounds so hard and awful. But by the time someone's in my office seeing me for sleep problems, I basically say, look, Treat me with me as five weeks of your life. How long have you been struggling with this sleep problem? Worth it. I know you've been on my way at least for at least six to 12 months. So if you've been waiting this long to do this, give it a college try really do it. How much worse can it get? And there's a really great book that can guide people, by the way, through this whole treatment on their own if you want. And I can give you the link for that. What the book called? It's called Quatt Your Mind and Get to Sleep. Okay, that's one I just ordered because you mentioned it. Yes, I got three copies. Oh, so I'm giving one of my mom's standing. She's a doctor, Rachel Manver at Stanford wrote that book. And the four were written by Dr. Richard Bootson, who was the professor from whom I learned this treatment at the University of Arizona. So we've gotten through to, we talked about sleep hygiene, stimulus control, sleep restriction. What that means is we take the amount of time that someone is in bed every night and we focus on that. Instead of just being in bed doing things, what I do to figure out how long someone should actually be in bed is the first week that they are with me. They're given a week time. They have to wake up at that same time every single day for seven days. I always joke with them. Any day ending in DIY, you have to get up at that time, include Saturday and Sunday. Right? And Dr. Panda spoke all about how important it is to not wake up at different times and how that's like giving yourself artificial jet lag and all that stuff. So I have patients do that for seven days. And then, but they go to bed whenever they're tired, whenever they're actually sleepy. And we calculate how much time each night on average are they sleeping. And over the course of that week, we get an average per night amount of time that they're sleeping. Let's say that turns out that on average you sleep seven hours a night and that your wake time is 8 a.m. That would mean that in order to figure out what your bed time should be, I work backwards from 8 a.m. I go from 8 a.m. to 1 a.m. And then I add 30 minutes of grace because that's what we do. And so then I would say, Ron, that your bed time is the bedtime of your childhood dreams. Your bedtime is 12 30 at night. You get to stay up all the way until 12 30 and guess what? Not only do you get to stay up that late. You can't go to bed before then. You have to go to bed at that time or after once you're sleepy. And what this actually does is this restricts the amount of time that people are in their beds. The amount of time that they can actually sleep. And and and pretty quickly patients will start to get pretty darn good quality sleep during that seven and a half hours. For the first few weeks it's a struggle bus they're getting out of bed when they can sleep getting back and bed, etc. But eventually they're getting pretty deep sleep during that time pretty good sleep because they're building up so much sleep pressure during the day. And then during treatment we extended back by 15 minutes a week as they demonstrate that they can keep their efficiency at least 85% What is efficiency? The amount of time that you're sleeping divided by the total amount of time that you're in bed. And we have patients keep detailed sleep logs about that. There's an example log on that book that you just ordered. So we do that sleep restriction. Then we do the cognitive techniques where we work with people's worries and thoughts and how those serve them and how they don't. And how reflective of reality they are and how much they need to be changed. I think about that negative Twitter comment. Yeah. You know stress at work. You got deadlines. Yeah. You're going to send your child preschool. Big one. Big one. I've had patients come in and they're presenting problem has been my daughter's majoring in English. Okay. No. So you get every kind of reason for people saying that they have. So how do you what you do? I mean how do you. That's hard to. It is. You deal with isn't it? Yeah. Yeah. There's a bunch of I lay down. I mean that's one of my problems is like. That'll come back to it. It hasn't been active all day but when I lay down and I. And it's. You know, whatever we don't have time to do. If during the day or whatever we choose not to deal with during the day. It's going to make an appearance at night. Yeah. It's going to come in and swoop and say hello here. I am like you get to deal with me now when you want to be sleeping. So there's a number of different types of tools that we use to work with thoughts and feelings. If you ever heard the thought don't believe everything you think. Yes. It can be pretty dangerous. Right. So that comes to mind. Working with thoughts in an initial way to think about. These approaches is that we identify what we call dysfunctional thoughts. So thoughts that you know, they're not really serving us and also they're not super true. So for example, lack in white thinking. Right. If I don't nail this interview, my career is over, right? Like these complete black and whites. We've also got personalization type things. Oh, that person left a negative comment in my Twitter. That must mean I am the worst presenter ever. Right. So we can take these things. And then there's also my favorite, one of my fan favorites is shooting all over people or shooting all of yourself. I should be doing this. I should be doing that. I should have that done. Right. So these kinds of thoughts. Whenever a thought falls into a particular category of dysfunctional thought and I have a fun list that I can share with you different types of these. Chances are the thought is not all the way true. And we do an exercise called the thought record where we look at evidence four thought evidence that it's true. We look at evidence that it isn't true. And I mean, we really look. I have spent an hour at a time on one thought with a patient before where we look for all of the possible evidence that it's true. All of the possible evidence that it's not true. And then we have to develop a new thought that acknowledges both the evidence that it is true and the evidence that it isn't true. Can you give me an example? I sure can. Let's pick a flavor. Let's say that you are having the thought. If I don't get a perfect night of sleep tonight, I am going to just bomb my presentation tomorrow. That's a horrible thing to be thinking about right when you're trying to go to sleep, right? Oh, I really need to sleep right now because I'm going to terrible in this presentation tomorrow. Well, what is the evidence that it's true? Well, maybe this person has before not done great the night after and I just sleep. Oh, I've performed less bad after a night of sleep. Or I'm sorry. I've performed not as well as I usually did do after a bad night of sleep. Or, you know, I've gotten feedback that my talk wasn't so great after a bad night of sleep before. But then let's look at it. It isn't true. There have been plenty of times I've performed on a poor night of sleep. I've always looked over night in an airport on the way to a conference and I still pulled off the talk and it was fine. Right? So we have to look at evidence that it's not necessarily true. Also, I can't predict the future. I don't know if I'm going to sleep well tonight or not. I haven't decided. I don't know. And then what we do is we developed an adaptive thought, which is, well, although I haven't always performed my best on poor nights of sleep. There are plenty of times that I've done just well, giving a talk after a poor night of sleep. And the key thing with this is that is that adaptive thought just polyana, no. But it's much more reflective reality than if I don't get it at our sleep, I'm going to bomb this presentation. Right? So we develop a thought that is much more reflective of reality. And then we evaluate how we feel. So for example, when you have the thought, I am going to bomb this presentation tomorrow. I don't get eight hours of sleep. How anxious do you feel on a scale from one to ten? Let's say it's like a nine. Yeah, pretty good presentation. Right. Sure. But then if we have this other thought, if we adopt a new thought that says, I don't always perform my best after a poor night of sleep. But I've done it a bunch and it's gone fine. When we have that thought, our anxiety level on a one to ten isn't like a nine. It might still be like five, maybe a six, but it's not as high. So we're learning how to match the appropriate amount of the emotion, the thought that is more reflective of reality. What do you, what's the, you've listed a lot of things here with got to sleep hygiene. We've got the stimulus control, right? It's a sleep restriction. And then the cognitive thing. Right. And then there's relaxation, like, Things like progressive muscle relaxation, a familiar with this one. So progressive muscle relaxation is a practice whereby you focus on different muscles in your body, Tensing them, squeezing them, and then letting them go, and squeezing them and then letting them go. And then you're focusing on a different part of your body and you're tensing it and you're letting it go. And this way you're getting out of your head and into your body. How like the breathing exercises. It's a lot like a body scan, except for in a body scan, which is more of a mindfulness practice. You're noticing the part of the body. I'm noticing our hands warmer cold. And then I'm moving on to my elbows. Are they stiff? Progressive muscle relaxation is more active because you're actually squeezing them. And what's always interesting to people is when they get to their shoulders and they go squeeze their shoulders and they realize, Oh, wait, my shoulders are already squeezed. Just let them go. That's another major part of this treatment. What I think you're about to ask is what are the most important ones? Yeah, like are they all equal? Do you have to, are there some that are, no, they are not all created equal. And what we know from studies that have been termed dismantling studies, where they've taken this whole intervention and they've taken it apart and they've seen, well, which pieces are most important for good outcomes? We know that the pieces that are really important are the sleep restriction part. Matching the amount of time that you're in beds, the amount of time that you can actually sleep. And also the stimulus control. Don't do anything in bed that isn't sleep or sex. I often ask people, do you sleep better when you're traveling for work in hotels or on vacation? Well, yes, a modification. Well, yes, a modification. And I'm like, well, what about when you're traveling for work? And they say, well, yes, actually, I do sleep better when I'm traveling for work. Why is that? You're not sleeping in your bed. What do you associate your bed with? Sleeplessness, anxiousness, not sleeping being frustrated that you can't sleep. You get all these associations with your bed that we need to fix in cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia. So we're reducing bed dread. And stimulus control is very, very responsible for that change. So this is a very effective non-pharmaclocal treatment. And so I'm insomnia. I personally know I have a family member that has insomnia. And they have gone to pharmacological treatment. Very common. Ambient is a very common. Very common. So I can tell you from listening to the experience of this person. They are convinced they cannot sleep without an ambient. And in fact, they've tried to quit ambient before. They've done this like, you know, weaning off. And certainly they've missed days because like maybe their prescription was in fill, like whatever. And missing it was like, they can't sleep at all. Yeah. And it's like, well, what's going on if you are completely dependent on this drug to sleep. Like that is terrifying. Not to mention the side effects with things like ambient where you've got. I'll tell you, like this person like they'll wake up in the middle of night and just start eating. And not remember it. And do weird things like like just weird things that they've done the middle of night. And also like memory wise, it seems like it's affecting like they seem to like there's something. And there is a literature there. Like you know, there can be an association with dementia. And so how does a person shift from that to cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia, C.B.T.I. Great question. Whenever a new study comes out in the news about the effects of benzodiazepines on sleep or ambient or lunester sonata, any of these drugs on sleep, I get a new influx of referrals because people think, I need to get off these drugs. No, I've never mind that I've been on it for 30 years. I need to get off of it this week. And the example you gave is great when people try and quit like just by quitting, for example, they don't sleep. Or if they try and then they don't want to quit. And then they don't want to quit. It's a vicious cycle. It's really hard. And so what I often will notice about folks who want to quit medications is that they're pretty anxious about it. No one's really very calm about quitting ambient. It's not just this easy transition, adding a new vitamin for example. So what I do is I work with providers because yes, using C.B.T.I. cognitive behavior therapy for insomnia as part of your plan for quitting medications is a totally great one. And I'm not a prescribed or I'm not a physician. I'm a clinical psychologist. And so I work with the prescribers, which are generally psychiatrist, sometimes internal medicine doctors, on a taper plan. And you mentioned that your family members tried a taper plan before. The approach that I've taken over the past many years has been what I would call an extraordinarily extended taper plan. Most of these sleep drugs are pills that you can cut with razor blades. They don't come in very convenient small sizes. I think the smallest ambient you can get is five milligrams. And so what I have people do is I have them by gem scales on Amazon or whatever. And these scales can measure 0.0 to like 0.00 of a gram, like very, very small amounts. And instead of going from five to let's say cutting it in half, just a 2.5, we'll go from five to 4.9. For a few weeks. And I challenge people to detect the difference between 4.9 and 5 physiologically, but psychologically, there's something there. People need to get used to this idea that, okay, I can fall asleep with less than 5 milligrams of ambient. I can fall asleep with 4.9 milligrams. Now, some people, I kind of, I always gauge how anxious they are about the change. If going from five to four sounds really stressful, we go from five to, you know, 4.9 or whatever it is. And using this really, really slow process, both reduces the physiologic rebound and somnia that you described, like when the prescription wasn't refilled and you skipped it for a night. So we avoid that. And then we also avoid the anxiety aspect of reducing too quickly, being anxious about reducing it by reducing very, very, very slowly. And it's not rocket science, but that's what I do with people. And it can take six months to get off of drugs. It can take longer. But if you do it in the slow, steady way, you don't get the reactivity with it. And one of the major aspects of cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia that we get away from is reactive medication. People try and go to bed and then if they can't sleep, then they get up and take a sleep medication. In CBTI, what we do is we standardize it. You take the same dose of the same medication every night. Period. That way, it's not reactive. You're not, you know, perturbing your circadian rhythm at different points in the cycle throughout the night with medications. And this way, there's removing some of that anxious questioning, am I going to take drugs? Should I skip it tonight? Should I try and did a dirt tonight from the equation? But CBTI probably helps for someone who is trying to taper themselves off a farm collateral treatment for sleep. You know, insomnia probably helps because now they're thinking I'm getting this other thing. And this other thing is works. Yes. It's clinically shown to work. Yes. And it's fixing all the things that they're sleeping medications sometimes aren't. Right. And underlying weak time, cadres, all the other issues. Right. And we're doing the actual insomnia because things causing it, you know, in most cases. Generally, our own behavior that we've actually done to try and help ourselves. Do people, so you mentioned the book again, can you say the title of the book? What was it? What? Your mind and get to sleep. Now, is there a thing like, do people, obviously, like, you have, well, he said you had a weightless, like, six to a month. So people that get treatment. I mean, this isn't, you know, it's a very easily accessible thing for people, where he's people a lot of people have insomnia. So can people do things like read this book or there are other ways they can do cognitive behavioral therapy in Prince Omnile? Yes. Yes. So that book is great. And I should say it's a traditional member and Colleen Carney. And there is a great association and website. And I can give you the link for that where people can go type in their zip code and they can find providers who can do this treatment near where they live. And it's a very well-known, good way of actually finding providers who know how to do this treatment. What's the name of the website? Oh, it's completely blanking on it right now. But I feel like it's like a Academy of Behavioral Sleep Medicine or something like this. So we'll put that on the show now. Yeah. And so people can find that. That book for a lot of people, they can use that book, they can do it themselves, and they can improve their sleep on their own. If their problem isn't terribly isn't super severe. But there are other apps that I'm aware of. I think there's an app called Sleepio and there are it's a cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia app. And I believe that it's, I'm not sure exactly how people can get it now. I think there's some health care plans. You can get it through your provider, your employer. It's kind of a strange way of getting to it. But there are some apps. There's insomnia coach, which I think is maybe still free. I think the VA actually put one out that anybody can use. And that's in Google play and iTunes stores. But finding people who can do this treatment through the website, that website is great. It's unfortunately harder to find than it should be because it has the American College of Physicians did say that this should be the first lying treatment for insomnia before a medication for sleep. It is not. It's not. But it's not because it is difficult to get insurance, all kinds of issues. It also takes time. Time for an effort. And it's not easy. And I always tell patients that they're not going to like me very much in week two and three. You're going to want to make a dartboard of my face on it and just play with it because you're not going to like waking up in the middle of the night, getting out of bed, having to follow these crazy instructions. But I always just tell people, give it five weeks. Because that's how long the version I do is. If you don't give it a shot, you're never going to know if it works. How long does it last? Like, do you have to continue doing it? It's a great question. It's it lasts for quite a while. There's a great paper that I always show. Patients who are particularly worried about biology that shows how people's. See reactive or. HSCRP changes during treatment compared. It's like, Thai tea versus a sleep seminar versus cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia. So everybody got one of those three. What they show is 16 months out. The people who got the CDTI had the greatest reductions in their HSCRP. And the biggest improvements in their sleep lasting all the way out to 16 months. And treatment only occurred in the first two months. It's kind of like Santa Claus. Once you know Santa isn't real, you can't unknown that. Once you learn the things you learn in CBTI, you can't unknown them. And you know exactly. And I'm just doing it. You know exactly how you can make your sleep. So it's so it reduced inflammatory biomarkers like high sensitivity. See reactive protein. HSCRP. When you're sleeping. When you're sleeping. Yeah. All sorts of things get so it's like a downstream effect. Sure. So yes, it can last quite a while. And some people find that they can build more flexibility. And some people find, you know what? I need to be rigid about this. And it's okay. Because I'm rewarded with better sleep. I once had a patient who for 52 weeks after finishing treatment with me. He still did his Excel calculator sleep diary every week. And he emailed it to me. And on the 52nd week, he said, Dr. Mason. This is the 52nd diary entry. You're going to stop sending you these, but you can trust. At any time you want to see one, you can believe me. And I will send it to you. Because he had found that if by just keeping his sleep diary every morning for two minutes, that was the price he paid for improved date, improved daytime function, better sleep at night, and just all around better quality of life. So ultimately, people carry on with it full bore for the rest of their lives. Other people realize, okay, I know how I can be flexible with this program. And I can choose. I'm going to drink four glasses of wine on Saturday night. I know my sleep is going to be bad. It's okay. I'm going to a winery. Make an informed decision about it. Right. Yeah. Well, I know we're, okay, we still have some time. Let's move on to the last sort of area that you're actively doing research on. And that is, you know, also involves the non-pharmic logical treatment for, you know, this sort of behavior that can, you know, in a way, it's like it's a negative behavior. It's like, you know, and so many are not sleeping or, you know, having, in this case, it would be overeating. Mm-hmm. Whether the overeating is due to stress or cravings or some other sort of, you know, reason, as I think we'll get into more on a reward based sort of, you know, behavior. Let's, let's talk a little bit about some of that because it is, I have people in my family. I have, I'm, I'm sure everyone, either is a person that's experiences or no someone that is like eating junk food or drinking sugar sweeten beverages. Like, and it's like, stop! It's bad for you. I mean, can't you just stop doing it? We know it, you know, you're going to give yourself diabetes, you're going to, you know, potentially like lose a limb or have to be on dialysis or you're going to get cancer or I mean, can you just stop doing it? Just stop drinking coke, you know, why can't people just stop? Why? Why is it so difficult? Because it is. I mean, I have gone through every possible, you know, science explanation and great detail on how terrible it is. Drinking soda and it doesn't matter because it gets rid of their migraine. It makes them feel better and there's nothing, you know, or it just makes them feel better. I mean, they have to have it. It's like, don't understand. So, help me understand because it's incredibly frustrating. I'm the kind of person, I've got a really good, I'm pretty disciplined and I've got, like, you know, like, I could stop things. I can pick it up and like keep going and so it like, I just don't understand why can't people stop doing that. Like sometimes I'm like, you know, like, what else do you need? Ironclad or Zal, you have. Well, there's a few really important things to unpack there. First of which is, does someone want to change or not? If someone wants to change, it says, I really want to lose 40 pounds and I want to stop drinking coke for my migraines every day. I really want to stop that's different than someone saying, no, I don't want to stop that. I like my coke for my migraines. I'm not stopping that. Those are very different things, but they're very, they're very, very challenging. Yeah. So let's talk about the first one. Yes, yeah. Because, I mean, a lot of people know drinking coke like, do they want to get, you know, type two diabetes? Do people want that? I guess not. So they know that this, like, could, like, really drastically, you know, change the quality of the life. So it would a big scary thing 20 years away is different. Then a really comforting thing, two minutes. All right. So let's talk about the person that knows it's bad. Would prefer not to be doing the bad behavior, but still just can't stop. Yeah. Let's, let's talk about that first. Okay. Let's, let's start with how that kind of came to be in the first place. Yes. Right. Okay. And let's, I'm going to make, I'm going to try and bring the example a little bit further on the pendulum closer to where you might have been one day or know at least know someone very closely who has been. Let's say you're an academic and you submit a paper that you are just so excited about to get reviewed it at journal. And it gets rejected and you're feeling terrible and you walk by the office kitchen pre-COVID type. You walk by the office kitchen and you see some donuts on the table. And you think, huh? I'm going to have a donut. No. It sounds really good right now. I'm going to see. And you have the donut and it's rewarding. And in that moment where you were just so down from the rejection of the paper, then you're so up eating this delicious sugary, rewarding donut, then you're actually going to learn, oh, all right. I'm going to remember this. I'm going to remember that when I felt bad, I ate a donut and I felt better. And then the next time something bad happens, you do it again. But the point that you're making is that, yeah, although that person is feeling better in that moment, their physiology is not feeling better in the long term. But in that moment, the donut is actually serving as negative reinforcement. Is removing a notchist stimuli. It's removing all of the negative experience that I'm having from that rejection. It's taking away that rejection for that moment. And I'm just enjoying that donut. And so, by doing this, by learning this, I'm learning that I can actually apply this in all kinds of areas of my life. Oh, one bad thing's happened. I eat a donut. I feel better. It gets reinforced. But over time, I realized, oh, my genes don't fit anymore. And also, I don't feel so great. And all of these other things, and I'm realizing, oh no, like, this is how I feel better. I need to change this. But I don't have another solution. You might try eating celery instead. How does that work? If that worked, we wouldn't be sitting here talking about this. Substituting doesn't work. Or, oh, I'm just going to avoid ever seeing a donut again for the rest of my life. That's also very precarious. I don't think it's super realistic. You could probably do a lot of avoiding, but still, then are you going to avoid muffins? I mean, other things might be quite a similar purpose. So avoiding substituting these are difficult. So instead, there are a few different ways we can go as a conversation. I'll go one direction first. One thing that we know can work, and this is outside of the reinforcement thing, is, well, actually, I'm going to come back to that. I think that's a basic with the reinforcement. So what we might do with someone who comes in and says, yeah, I've got this problem with these donuts. I'm just, I'm eating these donuts every time something gets bad. What I might say to them is not just stop it, because that doesn't work. If we just tell people stop it, it's no, it doesn't work. I might say, okay, donut eating. It sounds like it's a pretty important strategy. I say, yeah, super important. It solves all of my feelings of rejection all day. It helps me deal with all of them. So, okay, well, next time, I want you to sit down, but that donut, and really pay attention. And that person might next time then sit down with that donut, and realize, this donut is very good. It's been sitting in the kitchen all day. This little bit of stale. This actually isn't very delicious. And might kind of realize, oh, you know what? The real reward here is not actually very rewarding. And then, as a result, they might get disenchanted with this behavior. Like, oh, I actually don't enjoy this so much. And another example I'll pull for you is actually from quite a while when I was treating patients in a smoking cessation clinic, because everybody knows that smoking isn't good for you, right? And yet, many, many, many, many, many people do it. So, I want side of patient come in and he said, you know what? I love smoking. I love it. And he smoked many, many, many cigarettes a day. A couple packs a day, a cigarettes. And I said, okay, smoking is awesome. I want you to really smoke. I want you to sit at the table. And in fact, smoking is so important. I don't want you to do anything else. No reading, no coffee, no TV, nothing, just smoking. And he said, all right, no problem. And I want, and I told my want you to rate how you feel before and after you smoke. You got to make a whole smoking notebook, because smoking is so important. I mean, he was thrilled, right? Because every provider he'd ever gone to, it said stop it, stop it. Now you're peripheral neuropathy is going to get worse. You stop, right? And here I am sitting and saying, like smoke, I want you to smoke. That's me. Yeah. And so, what he actually found was that, you know what? He did love smoking. But he didn't need to smoke two packs a day. He ended up smoking just a handful of cigarettes a day, four or five cigarettes a day, rather than the whole two packs. Because he found that, oh, when I really just sit and smoke after, well, I really want to go do something else. I want to go read that paper, drink that coffee, watch that game, do those things. So when he separated it out and got really curious about the process, he did discover that he liked it. And he stuck with it. But for every story like that, there's someone who slows down to smoke and says, oh, you know what? This actually tastes terrible. I don't like this. And this is the mindfulness aspect. This is the mindfulness aspect. And oftentimes, once someone slows down and really sees the reward of what they're doing, oh, this actually tastes bad. I don't actually like this. They become disenchanted with it. Because once you don't taste bad these days, or the vapes, there's the who knows. Anyways, but that's why I just tell people, that's why I just advocate for really paying attention to what you're doing. And seeing what really clearly is that reward and what are you really getting from it in that moment. And then also, we can use other tools to think about the future, which aren't necessarily the mindfulness piece, but just getting really clear about what that reward is. Can then help us to no longer be so interested in that behavior. We don't have to use willpower to force ourselves to stop. We're actually using our own experience, oh, you know what? Those don't answer, stale. I don't actually want that. I only know their stale because I slowed down long enough to eat it very slowly and carefully and really taste it. So you're focusing on the reward aspect, right? Because you're kind of changing that. So you're talking about the trigger. Your example was the the paper that was rejected, but there's so many triggers. So many, so many triggers, so many. And then the behavior, which is eating the donuts, smoking cigarettes, and then they make you feel better. I feel good. My microphone goes away. I made it out. But then when you're focusing on it, what is it actually? Is it making me feel good in my right? So you kind of can change that. Is that what you see? You can change that reward. Yeah, feeling. You can see it more clearly what the reward is. And then all of a sudden, it's not so much so rewarding. And you realize that actually there's a different approach that might be more rewarding, which is rather than just eating that donut to forget about my rejection. Maybe I'd feel better if I just really sat down and worked with my thoughts. I know that you work with, you know, many people on, you know, doing this sort of reward-based eating research. But have they looked at, you know, when people engage in this mindfulness activity for, let's say, if it was the eating or smoking at both. And they're thinking about, okay, how does this taste? Is it, oh, it's sweet. Like, so sweet. I can't even, there's nothing in nature that's this sweet. You know, thinking about it and they're sort of, you're getting a more of a negative, instead of a positive reward. You're getting more of a negative thought, right? In the brain and the rewards center, like, does that activation area, like a brain change from the mindfulness, like, during the changing, like engaging in that mindfulness, like, like, or thought. Like, can you, like, actually calm down some of the reward pathway? There have been a number of studies with really serious meditators. And I would refer you to some of the work. I know, Dr. Justin Brueer has done a bunch of work on looking at actual brain activation in meditators and how, during meditation, different, their brain pattern activation can actually change. And when we change our perceived reward value of things. For example, yes, we can change those patterns in our brain. And one of the things that, so Judd and actually did a trial together where we did a mindful eating intervention for people who said they have way too many cravings that the eat response to. And these were, the sample was all overweight women. And we gave them this intervention where they had, where they had to get curious about their actual behavior. They had to slow down, eat mindfully and really look at what is the true reward of they're doing. And we found that people ate and response to their cravings a whole lot less after doing this training. And it wasn't an effortful intervention. It didn't cause, it didn't rely on willpower and trying to change. It really focused just on being curious and being open to observing your experience. And that's what's so, so important. When we use different parts of our brain to be anxious or to be fearful, we're not also, it's more difficult to also be curious and open to experience. So we published a paper, so Dr. Loseville and I published a paper while ago showing that if you ban the sale of sugary beverages, which we did at UCSF all over the campus. And then you also give people a brief motivational intervention where you show them, here's how many sugar cubes are in all of the co-curricular drinking on a daily basis. And you give them some information that's kind of this brief motivational interviewing type. And you have that they actually, these folks will drink less soda over time. Yeah, so it works. Getting rid of it from your environment. And then doing brief interventions that actually communicate information, not in a very judgmental way and not in a harsh way and not necessarily in a super scientific way, but just in a visual way in a way that might be a little bit surprising. Like, oh, this, this many sugar cubes, right? Some things that are different can help people drink less soda. And if people are experiencing immediate rewards with it, I would still encourage them slow down, slow down, gulping that soda. How do you feel after one sip? How do you feel after two sip? Maybe people will find that, oh, you know what? I don't need 16 ounces. I'm really satisfied with three ounces. And that's all I need. Maybe you don't have to eat the whole chocolate cake. Maybe just actually a few bites. If you really slow down and pay attention to your experience, instead of mindlessly eating the chocolate cake while you're watching TV or slurping down that beverage while you're, um, I don't know, driving, right? So really slowing down and getting curious about how your body feels and what your experience of the thing actually is, can help you consume less. In a perfect world, we consume none of the things that are bad for us. But you know what? Like you said, we're not going to find these sort of, we're not going to find a, we're not going to find a Twinkie in nature. That combination of fat and sugar with no fiber and no protein right? These are man-made delicacies that are very hard to resist. So I think it's more of a, well, can we learn how to enjoy these things up into the point where they're enjoyable. Like, maybe the first bite isn't enjoyable, second bite's good, third bite's good. Maybe the fourth bite, you know, feels so good anymore about it. Oh, it loses a lot of the flavor by the fifth bite. And then maybe we stop. And we're not eating as much of it. It's harm reduction, right? Do you think this focusing on mindfulness, like when you're engaging in these, um, quote unquote bad behaviors or things like, you know, lead to negative health outcomes? Is something that can be brought to the applied. So you mentioned two examples like the eating of, you know, bad foods or junk foods or overeating. And the smoking, but like there's a lot of different bad, like, gambling. Is there some, is there like, is this, you know, reward based learning and being mindful during the actual behavior and kind of changing the reward a little bit just by being mindful of it. Yeah, is that something that anything that's going to take a bit of behavior, opening up Twitter, opening up social media, gambling, you name it. So how do you, how would you apply that to, to being like having an internet addiction type of behavior where you're slow down, get on the internet for two minutes and then pause and check in with your body. How do you feel how, how emotionally do you feel is that how you want to feel in that moment. How is how is reading comments in response to something you posted on the internet making you feel right. And then really evaluating, is this how I want to spend my time, is this how now. So we can use those techniques, but they are hard because scrolling on the internet has that rewarding that, you know, that dopamine hit all the people who've studied social media and how our brains. And then the response it's pretty startling and taking this pause isn't really rewarding there isn't a natural reward there in in pausing and slowing down a noticing that the donor is stale for example, right. So that is challenging and I don't know, you know, I don't know therefore that mindfulness is the whole answer to this I think there's a bunch of other ways we can work with these situations. For example, I do believe in environmental interventions. If there aren't twinkies in your house at 2 a.m., you can't eat them at 2 a.m. Right. Right. So it's great to just set up your environment such that it's going to promote the healthy choice. And of course, there's going to be times when you are out to dinner with friends and you're having drinks and you're ordering food and there's loud music and there's conversation and there's all these things and taking a moment to be mindful isn't really in the cards. So it's not going to be all the time. And what we can do environmentally to help ourselves for example, looking at menus ahead of time going to restaurants and making decisions. Okay, I'm going to get this and I'm going to plan on bringing some home where I'm going to plan on sharing some or making some of these decisions ahead of time when we're not in the moment is a pretty useful tool. And there's also some manipulations called episodic future thinking, for example. So if you're sitting here with a plate of cookies in front of you now, how would I feel eating these now, but then also imagining myself in three weeks at, you know, some event that I wanted to look and where certain dress to or something like this. Exercises where you transport yourself in time to times where you're at future health goals or future other events and then using that to help inform your decision now. These manipulations from Leonard Epstein's lab have shown some effectiveness in changing eating behavior. They've had people listen to recordings of themselves talking about future goals while ordering food fast food in in like a food courts in shopping malls. And they've found that it can influence how much they eat. So using some of these kinds of cognitive tools can help us much more than just kind of the stop at approach. There are lots of people though. Well, lots. I don't know the half that's the right word, but there's many people like you who can read a paper and say, this is bad for me. I am not going to do this and you know what I'm going to tell my husband and not do it. I'm not going to feed it to my kid. Nobody's doing it. Right, and you're able to just do that. But it's different for a lot of people, especially when they've already learned that reward process. Right, the positive and negative reinforcement and the type of reward learning and learning that's very powerful. And I do kind of like I've always found it difficult like the mindfulness I'm not going to go into that but like me meditating. It's like, oh, I can't do it. It's hard. It's hard. But I can go for a run and meditate on my run or I can go out surfing and sit on my board and I'm like in moment. But like having to sit down and try to meditate. I'm like, I just, but that's not what I'm advocating. And I, it's, you know, like this curiosity that you mentioned and like getting curious about it like, yeah, I'm smoking this cigarette. What is it taste like? What does it smell? It was like shit. You know, like, you know, that's kind of like a different way of approaching this mindfulness that I'm, you know, I feel like it's a lot more approachable for a lot of people. Yeah, I can sit down and think about, you know, how my cigarette smells or how like this, you know, sweet and beverage taste or this sugar donut taste and just focus on that. You kind of focus it on those things. You might start to like really go wait a minute. Right. And once you notice those things that the owner is still right or that yes or that, oh, actually this taste terrible. You can't unknown that. Right. Yeah. And so you become disenchanted with. It's not the default. Very interesting stuff. Actually, so happy that we, me to had this discussion. We talked about so many different things and I know you are on social media. You're on Twitter. Your Twitter handle is Dr. Ashley Mason at Dr. Ashley Mason. Yeah. And so people can follow you on Twitter and you also have a website. Is it a lab website? And that is the, it's the, is the, is the CLA. Yes. Okay. So CLAB dot UCSF dot EDU. C S E A S E A sleep eating an effect right spell it out again. Was it S E A lab LAB at UCSF dot EDU awesome or dot UCSF dot EDU and people can go to the website find out about what you guys are doing there and eventually you might have a newsletter that people can sign up for to maybe become a future participant in a study of yours. Yeah. That's where you can learn about the studies that we're doing in the lab, the sleep group treatment and how to get involved with lab and the study that I'm a small collaborator with you on should be kicking off soon. Yes. fingers crossed and we'll definitely be informing people about that as well. So yeah. Thank you so much again. Thanks for having me. It was a lot of fun. Totally. Yeah. Okay. Thank you.