You can't out-science hard-training. You've got to do the work if you want to get the results. Your body is so made to move against stuff that if you don't do that, you are drastically accelerating your aging and your cognitive decline as well. I don't think seed oils are innocuous from the perspective that in the last few decades, added oils are one of the biggest source of increased energy in the American diet. You carnivores would lose your absolute minds if anybody dared suggest that it wasn't good for you. And so it just very clearly points out the asymmetrical application of logic. Hey everyone, I'm sitting here with Dr. Lane Norton who needs no intro. He is a scientist, he's a PhD in nutrition, he is a fitness industry influencer, and he is also a professional bodybuilder, power lifter, he's an author, serial entrepreneur, the list goes on and on and I'm super excited to be sitting here today with you, Lane. You and I, we've had interactions over the years on social media and it's a long time coming that we could just sit down together, meet each other, have a discussion. I have a lot of respect for the things that you put out on social media on YouTube, the way you look at the evidence and really in particular your overall view of health and fitness and how practical of a view you take evidence based and really just it's influenced me over the years. So I'll say that. So excited to have you here, Lane. Yeah, I'm excited to be here. I think we had quite a few conversations off camera about, you know, I didn't start out like 10,000 foot view. I started down as a biochemist in the weeds and thankfully just had a really great experience in graduate school where at a PhD advisor who had the same background, BS and biochemistry, PhD nutrition, his name is Dawn Layman, a legend and protein metabolism and he just did a really great job of like understanding the biochemical mechanisms, understanding how they fit together, but also understanding how to that look on a global level, what actually pans out in real life. And I just think I just got so lucky without experience to be able to kind of like synergize those things, you know. You also have this very unique background because you are a professional power lifter bodybuilder, you have been for many years. You know, you're coaching people, you've coached thousands of people. In fact, I kind of want to start with, I'm interested in understanding like what are some of the common themes that you use in your coaching to help people be successful? And what are some of, I would say, the misconceptions, the common misconceptions that you that you see, you have to address in order for them to be successful. You know, I think if we zoom way out again, like the people end up spending a lot of energy and time on stuff that just doesn't matter that much, instead of just really focusing on the big rocks, the big boulders, right? And one of the things all, one of my favorite quotes is the magic you're looking for is in the work you keep attempting to avoid, right? So for example, I did a post about red light therapy the other day. And the post was not, I didn't think it was negative towards red light therapy. It kind of said, hey, here's what it might do based on these research studies. Here's the limitations. But please keep in mind where this fits in the overall hierarchy of things. Like this is a very small piece of a puzzle compared to sleep, proper nutrition, exercise. You know, and I think there can be so much stuff floating around in the fitness of Ospere, is that a way of saying it, that you and I is having the background, we can pretty easily detangle like what the kind of hierarchy of stuff is, like where the most important stuff is. But I think for the average person, they hear these things, they don't really know how to slot those things into order. You know, and I've found so many people like really have an issue of paralysis by analysis of, I don't know where to start, so I'm just not going to start. And so a lot of what I do with my coaching, and less so now I do less one-on-one coaching now, I have a team of people who work for me, is really just trying to like get people out of their own way in terms of just saying, hey, you don't have to be perfect. We just need to get you to start doing stuff. And yeah, you're going to screw up, you're going to make mistakes. But we are going to learn from those mistakes, we are going to see where your stumbling blocks are, and we're going to help remove those barriers to you being able to be consistent. Because at the end of the day, really, that is the big, like the biggest lever you have is consistency with nutrition and training. And we were talking yesterday on the phone, and I think a really good visual example was given by a guy in social media named Ben Carpenter who's a dietitian. And he had a, he had two bowls of marbles. One was, I think, colored blue and one was colored green. And he said, if the blue ball, I might mix up the colors. But if the blue ball represents like highly processed junk food, and the green ball represents, you know, good, whole, single ingredient foods. If somebody's diet is the, the, the bowl of all junk food. And we take one marble from the bowl of, you know, quote, unquote, clean good foods and put it in the other bowl. Does it change the overall diet? And he had everybody say no, right? Like one, if you eat like junk most times, but you have one healthy meal, once it's going to do very little, right? So why do we think it goes the opposite direction? Where like you have one unhealthy meal, all said you just undone everything you've ever done, right? And so I try to get, I try to meet people where they're at and get their mindset out of perfectionism and just get it into execution. I think that is the biggest dumpling block, because we have a lot of people who just really are afraid to try and fail and just get into execution mode. And I think one of the most liberating things for me was that background and being a competitor and failing a lot. And just it just got me over the like, oh, this is just part of it. Like, and as you know, like from doing a PhD, I'm sure you had plenty of stuff that just didn't work. You know, like the number of experiments I came home with tears in my eyes, because I couldn't even get the analysis to work. Like I spent probably a year and a half going through every step of our analysis of muscle protein synthesis, because I wasn't getting any data back trying to figure out where is the kink in this chain. For those who aren't familiar, like muscle protein synthesis, to do like 50 samples, probably take you a week to get actual data back, because you're grinding frozen tissue frozen and liquid nitrogen, and you've got to keep it in an liquid nitrogen in the whole time, like doing just 20 samples of that probably takes four hours. Then you've got to homogenize the tissue. Then you've got to separate it. You've got to take it through various reactions so you can get protein bound amino acids versus intercellular amino acids, because you need the precursor pool. And then you have got to take it through GCMS, but you have to do several reactions before that, because it's got to be detectable in the GCMS. And so you go put all this work in, and then a week later you find out, yeah, I didn't actually do anything. Now we've got to go back to square one, right? And so probably did that for like 18 months. It was actually a lab made of mine who kind of figured out where the kink was. We had residual acid and the samples, but point being with all of that, it was like I never, if I wasn't willing to go in and fail repeatedly, I never would have gotten to the answer. You know, and I just think so many people are stuck in being so afraid to just go. And when I say fail like, okay, you go out. You have a stressful day. You come home and you stuff your face with ice cream or something like that. Okay. Well, and I had, I had a client, I'm actually thinking of right now who was a hedge fan manager. And we started working together, he was probably binge eating almost every day. And I, every time it happened, I said, okay, first of all, they're holding yourself accountable is good. Shaming yourself is not going to facilitate behavior change, okay? Because it makes you so sensitive to the behavior that any time you get close to it, you're just going to be black or white or nothing. So, and then I said, okay, what's the antecedent to this? Okay, you have a stressful day at work. You get home. There's not foods readily available that would be more conducive to your goals. So, like, okay, hey, you know, nobody's like this, but I'm like, you have means meal prep service, right? Like, I'm not saying you have to eat these every meal, but like at least having them available. So, if you're home, you're hungry, have this available. And then he would end up night eating as well. So, he said, okay, lock your door, you're bedroom door on the inside, so that when you're going out to the kitchen, you have to unlock it, and then put a little, uh, like lock, put a little lock on the fridge or something like that, or whatever you tend to get into. Of course, it's not going to keep you out, but a lot of times those behaviors, a lot of people like to think that they're behaviors are all choices, and it's not. We're on autopilot for so many things. And just that moment of mindfulness of having to actually like enter in a code or something like that, sometimes that's a game changer for people. And I even said to him, hey, if you have a stressful day at work, when you're driving on your way home, say out loud, man, I just had a stressful day. This would be a situation where I'd be more likely to binge eat. Just identifying it is going to drastically reduce the risk that's going to happen. So over time, this guy over the course of a year, I think he lost like 35, 40 pounds, and he got to the point where he was binging maybe once every two or three weeks, but he would still get really hard on himself about that two or three weeks. That interval, I said, hey man, like, look at how far you've come. Don't let perfection be the enemy of really good. Like this, if I showed you a snapshot of where you're at now versus where you were, and I said, this is where you're going to be in nine months. My guess is you would have taken that all day every day. You know what I mean? And I said, listen, everybody has something they struggle with. They're not being binge eating some people struggle with, alcohol moderation or gambling or pick your poison. The likelihood that the inclination for just like the impulse for that to go away very unlikely. You're probably going to always deal with a little bit of that impulse. But learning tools to manage that, that's where it's at. I think so many people are really hard on themselves, not only do they, are they hard on themselves about the behavior, but they're hard on themselves for even having the thought. And so again, I really just try to meet people where they're at and try to just get them in an execution mode. One thing I do say to people is like, Ron, if I said to you, I want you to go become the best three-point shooter you can be. Okay? Now you can't get any instruction. Can't even watch YouTube videos. But if all you did, every single day for 10 years was go outside and shoot three-pointers for two hours. You're not going to the NBA, but I bet you'd be pretty darn good at three-pointers. You know what I mean? And just understanding that, you realize it is the mass action that makes the difference. And so I just try to remove those barriers for people to just go and start executing. What about the whole food versus the process and junk food and bad stuff? What about people that are coming to you, that are so many different diets that are bad diets for weight loss? And if someone does want to lose weight, they want to increase their lean body mass, maybe body recomposition, and I know we're going to talk about training and stuff. What do you, is there a calorie amount that you sort of start with as it based on their body weight? Is that something or do you think about the actual composition? Are they doing low carb? Are they doing high carb? What's your approach that? So the most important thing is calorie intake. Energy intake versus what you're expanding, but how you get there is what's really important. People can kind of conflate the physical law of thermodynamics with tracking calories. Those are not the same thing. Like I can say, it's a rule. I don't think anybody disagree. If you want to save money, you've got to earn more than you spend. But now, keeping a budget can help facilitate that, but you don't have to keep it budget to save money. And just because you keep a budget, doesn't mean you will save money. So I kind of really, I try to give people to understand and separate those two things. But yeah, as calories the most important thing, but what I try to do is one figure out, okay, approximately what are they expanding per day. And the best way in my opinion to that is, if they have been tracking, okay, what are you eating now in general, what your body weight doing? Right? Because if they're logging relatively accurately and their body weight's not changing, I mean, you can put whatever you want into a calorie calculator, but that is their maintenance calories. That is their energy expenditure, right? And so I like to start there and then if people haven't been doing that, one nice trick I like to do, as you know, when you monitor behavior, behavior changes and we know this right even down to like photons, right? So I'll say, okay, if you don't know it, we're just doing me a favor, just track for the next three days. I want to change anything. Don't change a single thing you're doing. In fact, if you're eating junk food or if you're eating, what you think is too much, that's great. Then we have a bigger shovel like your energy expenditure's higher than we thought. We have a big shovel to dig you out with, right? So please don't change anything. But what invariably happens is it's a very instructive experience for them because they'll start tracking and realize, oh man, I was eating a lot more than I thought because I was having a bowl of ice cream that I was thinking was a serving and it was three. Or, you know, I still know people, if you're going to be disappointed, we have a serving of peanut butter, you know, if you want to be depressed. Or they do track accurately, or sorry, or they see what they're consuming and they change their behavior already because they're tracking because they're monitoring, and I mean, if you look at studies, it's very consistent. People under report their calorie intake by 30 to 50%. Yeah, there's a very classic study in 1992, New England Journal of Medicine. They had people who self-reportedly were weight loss resistant. So these people claim that they were eating 1200 calories a day. They specifically wanted this population. And these were obese people and they said they put them in metabolic ward so they're tracking their their their energy expenditure and a metabolic chamber and they know exactly what they're eating. And they even told them like, well, well, no, if you're eating more than you say. And they also looked at lean mass, BMR, total energy expenditure. So what was really interesting, this was one of the first studies that showed that obese people didn't have slow metabolisms. And like at first, you know, the first few decades of us trying to deal with the obesity crisis was us like looking on the metabolism side. How do they must have slow metabolism? So we've got an increased mental health rate. And now we know it's the appetite side that has a much stronger effect on body weight regulation. I mean, it's so funny when people say to me, well, I have a slow metabolism. That's why I want to take those in pick. I'm like, well, if you have a slow metabolism, the Zimbeck's not going to help because it doesn't create your, you're increasing my metabolic rate. It is a very powerful appetite suppressant. So in this study, they looked at BMR, total energy expenditure and found that basically people's lean body mass explained about 70 to 80% of the variants in BMR and total energy expenditure. You can almost draw like a straight line through it. Can you explain that to people because they think it's important, right? Like, and that was kind of a follow-up question is like, well, we're training comes into this picture. We're muscle mass comes into this picture. We're muscle mass comes into this picture and why? Like, how is that a really important, like, lever that you can pull to help people like body recomb, tell people lose fat? Yeah. So lean mass, just be clear, lean mass and skeletal muscle mass, often get used interchangeably and they're not. Lean mass is a relatively good proxy for skeletal muscle mass, but lean mass versus fat mass is a two compartment model. Like for Dexa, for example, you'll get fat mass. So literally all fatty tissues will go into a bucket and then everything else goes into a bucket. So we're talking bones, skin, undigested food, fluid, like all that kind of stuff. But in general, adipose is a relatively, it's not an inert tissue. We used to think it was an inert tissue. We know that's not the case anymore. But it has a very low energy expenditure relative to other lean tissues. And actually, skeletal muscle doesn't have a super high energy expenditure for a lean tissue. It's actually one of the slowest if not the slowest. Like, lever and gut tissues have a much higher metabolic rate. But your skeletal muscle is your biggest overall lean tissue. And I would argue you're biggest organ. And so it's effect, you know, having an extra 10 pounds of skeletal muscle because it's so much, it does have a profound effect on, you know, your energy expenditure overall. So when they looked in the study when they standardized for a lean mass, they saw basically no difference, no statistical difference in anybody's metabolic rates or they're totally energy expenditure. And when they tracked their intake, what they found was they reported 1200 calories day, but on average they were consuming about just over 1800. And they also over reported their physical activity by 47%. Now, I think a lot of people will look at that and go. So that, when I present that data, a lot of people get really upset because no one likes being called a liar. I don't think people are lying. I don't think that's what it is. I think we look at ourselves with roles colored glasses. And we look at serving sizes and we tend to like just give ourselves a little more grace than we probably should. Right. And even yesterday, I did like a day of eating while I was traveling. And I show like I went out to lunch. I got a salad, grilled chicken. You know, I said, I said, can you put the dressing on the side, put the cheese on the side, right? And I just used a little bit of cheese. I used the dressing. And but still like after I added everything up, I'm like, there's over 30 grams of fat in the salad. A lot of you guys would have the salad and think, oh, this is low calorie, right? No, the salad was 600 calories, you know? And so if you think and then look at, you know, take for example, like the cheesecake factor, you look at the salads or well over 1,000 calories. And so I think many people do think they're eating healthy and just don't really have a great understanding of how quickly energy can add up if you're not very mindful about it. So this study kind of put the cabash and that's been it's been supported by a lot of follow-up studies as well showing whether type 2 diabetic, obese, stonobies, it basically boils down to lean mass explains like 78% of the variance in metabolic rate. And then the rest of the variance in total energy expenditures is physical activity. Can I ask you a question? Yeah. About the lean mass, let's assuming a lot of that is skeletal muscle as well, right? Sure. So what about the fact that your skeletal muscle is also a big sink for glucose? How is that? Do you think you can you can't really ignore that aspect as well, right? I mean, in terms of the big picture you're talking about? No, no, I tell people like exercise is one of the only things that you can do independent of weight loss that will improve all your health parameters, you know? And we like in layman's lab, the amount of exercise you need to get massive benefits is such a small like I got in trouble because I called it a disgustingly small amount, but it really is. Like there was a research study done looking at vigorous physical activity, not even continuous, but just like throughout the day, cumulative. Four minutes vigorous activity per day reduced cancer risk by about 20%. Okay? And then if you got it to 10 minutes, I think it was 30%. Right? And so it's like, I'm sorry, you got four minutes, you know? And some people will say, well, it's a cohort study XYZ, but we have randomized control trials looking at very short bursts of exercising improvements in glucose metabolism, blood lipids, inflammation, and then now the cognitive stuff too. There was actually a recent randomized control trial where they took people with major or men, with major depressive disorder or general anxiety disorder, and they had to do two, 25 minute sessions of resistance training a week. That's it. And it was for eight weeks, and the improvements in major depressive disorder, and general anxiety disorder, the effect size for major depressive disorder was 1.7. Now for those who want to familiar with effect sizes, 0.2 is a small effect size, 0.5 is a modest and 0.8 is anything about 0.8 is considered large. 1.7 is massive. And SSRI's fall between like 0.3 to 0.8, like usually the best you see is about 0.8, which again, I'll tell people, what I'm not saying is that we should just get rid of SSRI's number of exercise, because sometimes maybe somebody needs an SSRI just to get them out of bed so they'll actually go exercise. But like if we're looking at how powerful that lever is, it's amazing. And then you look at the effects on bone health, you look at the effects on just mental health cognition, even short-term exercise improves cognition. I think there was just a recent study showing that that even in a cute bad of exercise can improve. I think it was memory formation. I could be wrong. And so I think again, one of the limitters is I try to meet people where there are, is like, hey, you see me train for two, three hours a day. But that's because I'm trying to be the strongest person in the world in my weight class. You don't need to be doing that. Like, just even if you just go walk vigorously for 30 minutes in a day, you're killing it. You know, like, but of course I would recommend people resistance train because I think there are so many benefits with that. And yeah, it just doesn't take that much. That first of all, okay, I sort of say, you are, we are speaking the same language like the, all these intermittent, they're actually called the Villapas studies and Marty Kabbalo with part of that. I had them on the podcast, talked about the research and it was, to me, it was just, it was amazing that they had these fitness trackers like you said. It was like, they went out and did these little short bursts of physical activity and it had a profound effect cumulative, right? And so how easy is it to do like two minutes of like, you know, climbing, like, spreading up the stairs or whatever? I actually work out mostly for the brain benefits by the way. Like, mm-hmm. Like, if I don't get some form of exercise, whether it's resistance training or doing some more cardio, like I am not in a good space in my head. Like, I can, those colored glasses are gone. I can see the negative and a lot of things, comparisons, I'm just in a bad mood. Like, it's, I am a very different person if I get exercise versus if I don't. And so it's like, for me, exercises, it's necessary. It is the part of my wake up and like, you know, like, every type of exercise. If it don't, then I'm, you know, not in a good position. And so I think what I'd like to point out in that is, you have made it a habit as part of your lifestyle. Then it's not, can I go exercise? They do have time for it. It's, no, this is, this is on the top list of this is going to get done, right? Just like brushing your teeth, right? And I think one of the things that I really try to hone it on people is try to get away from something having to feel good to get you to do it. Okay, like, sometimes I love to train. But it doesn't feel good all the time. Like, they're, they're last week when I was out in, or two weeks ago when I was out in LA. And I had a long travel. I had missed a session because my, one of my podcasts ran really long. And so I was going to have to combine like a couple sessions and I hadn't slept well and all this kind of stuff. And I'm like sitting in the car like, come on, you can do this. You can do this. But for me, I just got very used to, my feelings are going to fluctuate based on who knows what. And so I'm going to go in and do the things I know are conducive to me being in good health regardless of how I feel about it. Because if you're waiting for it to feel good, I mean, feelings are like the wind. And if you're kind of basing how you act based on that, you're just floating around. I mean, do you feel motivated to brush your teeth? No, you do it because you know if you don't brush your teeth, they're going to go to crap, right? The same thing happens with your body if you don't exercise. And again, it doesn't have to be a bunch of exercise. But speaking of the cognitive, I mean, I was diagnosed at age six with ADHD. And honestly, the more, like, as I look back, just thinking about it now, the more I got into exercising consistently, the better my performance in school got. And like, even now, even though I told the people you don't need to train for two or three hours, I am such a hyperactive, brain going a thousand miles an hour, then if I didn't have that, my best friend tells me all the time, he's like, dude, I wouldn't want to see you if you couldn't train for two hours. He's like, I would not want to be around you. You'd be intolerable. You know? So for me, I think, you know, they say that the sport chooses the person, not the other way around, right? I think maybe subconsciously there was some of that that I just like felt better overall and loved doing it, you know? But for people out there who are struggling with it, whatever, listen, whether it's CrossFit, powerlifting, bodybuilding, just going to gym doing machines, I don't care. Like, any of those are going to get you massive benefits relative to not doing anything. And actually, there was another study that just got published, I just covered it. They did a randomized control trial, I think it was in an order country, I want to say Denmark. And they had people over age 65 do a year of either high intensity resistance training, meaning they were getting them within a few reps of failure on each set, moderate intensity, which was like bodyweight stuff, bands, they were staying further away from failure, but they were doing some resistance, or, no, I know resisted training, but they were active. Like, I think the average step count per day was like 9,500 in this cohort, which is actually pretty high. So these were active older people. So they did that and then they had follow up, they had a follow up at one year and then four years like, and then three years after that. So four years total. And they actually looked at people who stopped resistance training for the three years after. They still had an, in better strength, better lean mass, better cross-sectional area, those like, yes, it, they had less than their peak after they've been doing it for a year, but it had this protective effect against age-related decline and sarcopenia. Because the other two groups, the moderate group kind of, probably didn't, wasn't statistically powered enough to pick out some of the differences, but the, they declined significantly. Of course, the group that wasn't doing their size declined significantly. And even the group that did that one year of resistance training, four years after they started had less visceral fat, too. So it's like, one of the things people ask me is, I'm this age, my tool to start. Or I'm, I'm this, I'm, could I resist this trainer? I do that. Everybody, if your spinal cord works, you can resist in strain and it's good for you. And in fact, right across the street at University of Illinois, right in my PhD in the exercise, physical department, they're doing a study in frail elderly. The basic, we're talking about people who had trouble like kind of standing up, you know. And they started, their progressive overload was they started them sitting down to a high chair and doing reps with that. After I think it was 12 or 16 weeks, I can't recall those specific details of the study. They saw significant increases in lean mass, cross-sectional area, muscle quality, you know, it's image bite in my eye. They got so much more functional. Some of them were able to squat down to like a chair like this and stand up or even lower. And so I think resistance training's gotten this bad rap because a lot of people view it as it's like really aesthetic, narcissistic thing because of bodybuilding and yes, there is that component to it. But like your body is so made to move against stuff that if you don't do that, you are drastically accelerating your aging and your cognitive decline as well. It is pretty scary to see how quickly, and just look at the research on people over age 65, if they fall and break something and go to the hospital, I don't know that you are an ecstasy, but I think it's better than 50% chance that they are dead within a year. Like it's a pretty scary statistic. And there is a, as a stuphyl-ups like to call the disability threshold, right? Where it's like okay, then one of those things happens or, you know, then another one they should add up in that function and then. Right. And then it's like all of a sudden they are not mobile anymore. You know, they are not independent anymore. And you are absolutely right, those things do add up. And I do want to, there were some people that had some questions about aging as well. And you know, with everything you just said, obviously it's doing something is important. And sometimes not obsessing over the perfectionist type of program to do and all that. But I'm going to, I'm going to ask you some questions because people do ask these questions. Sure. You know, first and foremost, training for strength versus muscle mass. Is it like, do you train differently? Like is there a different type of, are there sets and the reps different? Do you think for training for mass versus strength? Yeah. So the two are all things being equal. If you have more contractile tissue, you'll be stronger. Right. But strength is not just muscle mass. It's also neural drive. It is how many fibers can your motor nuance recruit. Like there's a lot of things go, it's technique. A lot of things go into it. And strength is a specific skill for talking about strength as assessed by a one rep maximum. Right. So if you take untrained people into into a lab and you have them like work up to say a squat max. Right. What you'll find a lot of times is somebody will just smoke something. You go up five kgs and they get stapled with it. And it's like, wait, what happened? Because they don't, they haven't practiced that skill. And they don't know how to one, they just don't have a grind to rep and be uncomfortable. But two, as you go higher to a one rep max, you're recruiting more muscle fibers. Fibers tend to be recruited in order. There's some challenge to this research, but they tend to be recruited in order from smallest, oxidative, up to, you know, middleing kind of hybrid fibers up to your glycolitic large. Right. And so if you do high reps with low weight, you'll still eventually recruit those larger muscle fibers as you get close to fatigue. But if you're doing a one rep max and it's a true one rep max, you're having to get everything you possibly can. Right. So it's a very specific skill. So it comes to reps and sets for powerlifting. You do the number of sets you, let me go back. So let's talk about building muscle first because it'll help frame it better. What seems to be important for building muscle is a few things. The first is mechanical tension. And understanding that mechanical tension is cumulative throughout reps and sets. So when I say mechanical tension, I think a lot of people misinterpret that is, it's got to be heavy, you know, and I'm like, well, if you want max mechanical tension, just do the most is centrically loaded exercise you can possibly do. That'll be the most mechanical tension for one rep. But it's really about what is the number of hard sets that you do. And by hard sets, I mean proximity to failure. Now, the research seems to suggest for a muscular hypertrophy. You have to get within a few reps of failure to really maximize the response, but you probably don't need to go all the way to failure. And this is probably conflated by the fact that if you're always trained to failure, especially compounds, your performance in the load you can use is going to drastically fall off. For example, if I did a 10 rep max set of squats, like my absolute best, I actually remember the set. I did 530 for 10 reps. I think something like that in squat. After it was done, I had to lay down for 15 minutes. I couldn't move. Like physically could not move. If you asked me to do that again, I'm out of gotten, I don't know, two reps, something like that. And so if you're doing that big compound movements like that, it's going to be hard for you to actually get a lot of effective sets in because it's so fatiguing. Now isolation stuff, a little bit different, single joint movements, a little bit different. You can kind of push those a little bit harder and actually probably should push those a little bit harder. One of the best descriptions I heard was intensity is the medicine. So hard sets close to failure is the medicine. The number of hard sets or the volume will call it is the dosage. So we have several meta analyses now and meta regressions, kind of suggesting that there's kind of a dose response between number of hard sets you do and muscular growth. I mean, we've even seen it like specifically in the triceps. There was a regression by James Krieger that even up to like 27 to 45 hard sets per week on triceps, produce more muscle growth and I think like 15 to 25 sets per week, something like that. So now again, I want to couch that with you're going to get most of the benefit. If I am always looking at things like how can I be the most muscular strongest human being I can? But for the average person, if you just want to grow some muscle, you don't have to do that many sets. But the point is it does seem to be kind of a dose response. How do you know if so? I'm sorry, going for someone that may not know what their failure is. How do you identify close to failure? That's actually where practically I think most people probably should train to failure at a certain point because otherwise it's really hard to determine what failure is and actually there are studies on this and on average intermediate and beginner lifters underestimate their repetitions they can achieve by about five to six. So for example, in a study they might have them say, like intracet, say, on their eighth rep, how many do you think you have left? Two. Okay, then the next set, they actually, they y'all, then they blare music, they're like hyping them up and they'll get 15 reps, right? And so I think a lot of people, if they've never trained to failure, they viewed failure as kind of like discomfort and in fact it's funny because I've had people say, well you and I'm going to get into this about the strength stuff, I almost never trained to failure, especially on compounds and say, well you, I've had people say you train like a was, you know, you I'm like, so okay, so that's set of 10 with 530 that took me out honestly, took me out for a week after that to be honest. You're saying if I stop two reps short of the 10th rep, that that was an easy set. I can tell you every single rep of that set was hard and felt uncomfortable, okay? And so I think people, if they've never trained to failure, it probably is a useful experience to do with a spotter under conditions like be smart, right? But I do think it is useful. Now, when it comes to bodybuilding and growing muscle, what do you train to failure or stop shy, similar effects? But you probably want to stop on compounds and again, I'm guessing based on some of these meta-regretions. I could come out, I could be a little bit off, but I think I'll be pretty darn close. On compound lifts, big compound lifts, probably you need to get within two to three reps of failure to get the maximum benefits for isolation, probably one or two. But for powerlifting, this is where it gets quite different. And again, there are bodybuilders who train to failure in every set and are very strong. There are power lifters who are very strong, who don't look super muscular. And so people will, there's actually like some people in the scientific community who will say like things like muscle mass doesn't matter for strength. I think very strongly that they're incorrect, and there are people who will say, well, strength doesn't matter for hypertrophy. I think strongly that you're also probably incorrect, okay, because all things being equal, let's take somebody who wants to grow muscle. All things being equal, if they are stronger, they can create more mechanical tension. They can do the same reps with more weight, okay, that's a bigger potential. Take somebody who's a power lifter. All things being equal, if they have more muscle mass, they will be stronger. And you know, one of the things I tell people is, well, if muscle mass doesn't matter for power lifting, that I'm just going to lose 40 pounds, drop down to, you know, whatever weight class I need to hit well records, you know, like, no, it matters. Mass moves, mass, but I think people, for example, me, I held a World Records squat for almost a year, hit 668 pounds in 2015 at IPF Worlds. And I don't, I've got good legs by most people's standards, but if you put me on a bodybuilding stage, I'll never have the best sets of leg on stage. And they'll see somebody who has really great legs, well, they squats 500 pounds. And the, the, the conclusion will be, okay, well, muscle mass doesn't matter for strength. No, because that person, for them, because I don't know what their more new on recruitment is like, I don't know all that kind of stuff. But all things being equal, they have less muscle, they be weaker, they have more muscle, they be stronger, right? So same thing for me. Now, when it comes to strength, the purest expression of strength is force, right? You have to produce force. And that's mass times acceleration. I actually mass times acceleration squared, I think. Physics, physics people, please check me on that one. But there's a, there's a mass component, and there's a speed component to it. So you can move a given load with the same force as you move a heavy load. You'll just move it faster, right? So now if it's heavy load, you can apply the same force, but it's going to move slower, right? So then we call this the strength velocity curve. So one of the things that my coach Zach Robinson really kind of pioneered talking about and he came out of Mike's Ordus's lab at FAU was he said, you know, a lot of power lifters are people who are trying to build strength, train with a lot of fatigue. You know, they're training very close to failure. You know, they're doing heavy sets. And that is one thing that's very important for strength. If you want to get better at a one rep max, you have to be doing sets with, you know, heavy singles, doubles, triples, because that is a specific skill set. You need that one learned how to grind hard reps and two just feel what heavy weight feels like and how to manage that under stress. So you need those sets, but then volume is also important for strength. There's quite a few studies that show that, but interestingly, he did a, I believe he did a meta-arrition looking at hypertrophy showing that proximity failure kind of is linear associated with more hypertrophy. So the closer you got to failure, the more hypertrophy you got, the strength regression didn't show that. And I had no association with your proximity to failure. And so one of the things they said is with strength, you're always managing kind of expression with fatigue. So if you're training heavy a lot and going close to failure, you're doing a very specific skill, but you're also inducing a lot of fatigue, which is going to reduce the amount of strength that you can express. Whereas the way we kind of train, or we train speed, is what I'm doing my compound squat bench press deadlift. I'll do one set or maybe two sets of a heavy single double triple, maybe four reps. And then we'll do back off that are much lighter, but we're doing multiple sets of them as fast as we can. But like the speed of the rep is fast as we can. And they've actually shown that you get better strength results not training to failure compared to training to failure, but you do have to do some heavy heavy sets, relatively close to failure. And it's probably because like I said, failure just induces a lot of fatigue and that's going to mask how much strength you can actually express when they test it. So in general, this is kind of a new share of the lot of people don't really need to worry about. I'd always tell people, you know, I'm 90% sure that you're not training too hard. I'm almost sure of that, okay. There are people who do train too hard. There are people who over train themselves. There are people who put in so much fatigue that it's going to mask their results. But for the most part, most people, there's so many people I see online who think they're over training and I'll look at their training and I'll be like, no, no, you're not over training. And if you are, you're not sleeping well or your nutrition's crap or something like that. For people that are not power lifters or even professional bodybuilders, what are, you know, perhaps someone that you're, what approach your coaching business or something like that, who are wanting to, you know, they're wanting to gain some mass and function and strength everything. You know, not like a competitive level. But like, what would you say, like, how do you do exercise selection like choosing a hacksquad over a barbell squat or doing a bench press over dumbbells? And then also like, are there certain, like, if you were to like, are there like the top five exercises for like for each muscle group that you would consider? Okay, so this is where it's going to be a nice segue of us of talking about X's nose versus practicality, right? So I realized within a couple years of coaching people that, oh, the X's and O's aren't really what matters. It's just getting people to do this consistently, right? And so it took me long to realize that for training, but it still applies. And what I mean by that is when it comes to exercise selection, for example, if I was putting together a program for somebody and they weren't going to compete as a power lifter and they just wanted to grow some muscle, I probably wouldn't program barbell squats. Only because it's a, you know, relatively high fatigue exercise compared to something like a hacksquad, which is still a compound, it requires less balance and learning. And the research shows very clearly now that, that machines produce as much hypertrophy as as free weights. We used to have this like feeling that, oh, no, you got to barbell squat, you got to do these big compounds. And that's what builds mass. And, you know, we have the research to show that's not true. We have the practical examples to show it's not true because Phil Heath won seven Olympias. And I don't think I've ever seen the guy touch a free, freeway barbell. I'm sure he has. But for the most part, he trained with machines and built one of the greatest physics of all time. And people might say, well, those guys are on drugs. Yeah, but all of them are on drugs. So if we see similar results with different training styles, I mean, those sorts of things are equal, right? And so the research supports that. So, but here's where practical segues with that. So, I trained very heavy with freeway movements. And for me, it was the best exercises for growing muscle. And here's why. Because that other ship was boring to me. Like high reps with isolation stuff put me to sleep. But you all load up a freeway barbell back squat. I now, I said, I'm hyped up. I'm excited. I'm going to work harder. I'm going to be consistent at it. And so for me, even though training like a power lifter is not maybe how you draw upon paper, somebody to be best for hypertrophy. For me, it was because it got me excited about training legs two, three times a week to get in all that volume. I needed to actually build that muscle. And I had a client one time who loved CrossFit. He loved CrossFit. He's like, you know, I know it's not the best for building muscle. And I go, you know what, for you, it might be. Because like, dude, you told me when you tried to do bodybuilding training that you hated it and you stopped going to the gym. So we have to start with compliance first. Like, you can have the best program on paper. But if you're not actually going to go in and do it, like, it's not going to work. Right? And so I worry about for the average person, what gets them excited to go, what, you know, exercises do they enjoy that they have low pain with, right? And what will they execute consistently? Because within that for growing muscle, the world is your oyster. Basically, the things that matter, because I kind of got off track. But mechanical tension, number of hard sets and muscles at long lengths. Meaning, there does seem to be quite a bit of research that even when you equalize for proximity to failure, if you aren't taking a muscle to a long length under tension, you're probably not maximizing the benefits of it. And so there's if you look at research where they do partials of like the contracted, the more contracted, partial of a lift. So for example, if you're doing a squat, so doing full range of motion versus a half squat, right? You get more hypertrophy doing the full squat. There's quite a few studies on this. But when they compare partials in a lengthened position, so say, if you're just doing the bottom part of a squat in a partial, which by the way sounds horrible, compared to a full range of motion, you see similar hypertrophy. So it appears that that putting tension on a muscle in a lengthened position is important. So those are kind of the three things I look at. This, you know, mechanical tension, number of hard sets, training at long muscle lengths. Within that, the world is pretty much your oyster as to how you do it. Now I will say, I was in the camp for a long time of this whole, like you can't grow like regional portions of muscle based on like how you do exercises. Well, that was one that brociates might have been right on. It looks like I was wrong on, right? Because there was actually, there was a study that just came out looking at, I think leg press versus leg extensions. And they showed that leg extensions preferably activated the rectus for moreus. So it's kind of like the middle part of your quad, I think I got the muscle right. I, and then the leg press, act it, preferably grew the vastus lateralis. So you probably want to do both, right? Because there's some people out there saying, oh, you need to use the compound. So you don't need to do any isolation. Well, if you want to get the most out of your regional growth, it's probably good to mix it up. And I think, again, something I changed my mind on about 10 years ago, it's very big on like daily, undulating periodization, which is basically like you're changing up your rep schemes, work out to work out, right? Like maybe if you're doing squats, you might do like um day one sets of 10, day two sets of seven, day three sets of four, you know, and by one, two, three, I mean, just your squat days. And I thought that the research suggested that that was going to be better than just doing like straight sets or linear periodization and turns out it doesn't seem like it really matters. But what I will tell people is practically a might matter because people do well with variety. I mean, you know this about dopamine and variety, right? And if you get a new workout, you get excited about it, right? Like, and I, it's funny as a scientist, I have a hard time getting myself placebo, which is actually really annoying because placebo's great. But even now, whenever my coach sends a new training block, there's a little bit of like, you know, like, it a little bit excited. So I think variety is important because if you're just doing the same thing over and over, it's too easy to fall into. Well, I do this way for this many reps, for this many sets, and you stop progressively overloading. Whereas when you change it up a little bit, now you have a little more motivation to kind of, you know, not settle into a normal routine. But that can go too far too. I see people like change their workout up every single session. And I'm like, you're not actually getting as many benefits as you could because you're not getting used to an exercise for certain number of reps, which allows you to get stronger when mechanical tension probably grow a muscle over time. So when it comes to people who aren't going to compete by my marketing, about lifting, mostly what I look at is like, hey, do you know if there's exercises that you really like and have access to? Is there anything that gives you pain? Is there anything that you know motivates you more? Like I know some people are like, I love high reps. I love the pump. I want to get cool. Let's do more high reps. Because again, when we look at equated sets in terms of proximity to failure, when they compare low load training, and I think even down to like 40% of a one-rette max versus high load training, they don't see differences in hypertrophy. Now, I could make a double's advocate argument that perhaps those studies, you know, because a lot of these studies are eight to ten weeks. Maybe over time, somebody training with heavier loads might produce more hypertrophy because they'll get stronger. And so maybe by getting stronger, we'll make hand-cultension. But, you know, I can't really say that now based on the research. But even if it was a difference, it'd be pretty darn small, which for practically for most people out there, I tell them, you know, if you're just training hard, you're getting 95% of the way there. And I use this example, because people will all the time send me videos of IFBB Pro bodybuilders training. Like, look at how they're training. This is a science, but how can you explain this? I'm like, yep, but they trained really hard for 20 years, like every day. Right? And so that mass action is going to wash out a lot of these little differences. And most of the people who worry about these little differences are never going to actually get to express them because they just don't train hard enough. And one of my favorite quotes was actually somebody said, you can't out-science hard training. You've got to do the work if you want to get the results. It also, you know, I've had this conversation to some, I mean, a little bit of this conversation with Stu Phillips and Brad show and failed about, you know, training failure, lifting heavy and, you know, things that you've given, you've given some more details as well. But it's what's nice about it and what I like about it is there are a lot of people, a lot of older adults, women that have been scared of lifting because of the, like, oh, no, I got to lift heavy and I'm going to injure myself. I'm, you know, I might bulk up too much. I mean, we can talk about that, but like it does give we, you know, once I found out it was like, you don't have to lift heavy, you just put the effort in to teach yourself, you know, now I'm lifting heavier too, but, but like I started, like to get into, like, even starting, that was my end where it was like, you know, okay, like, I don't have to, like, do this, like, scary thing. Although now I love it and I'm like wanting to lift heavy, but being strong is fun. Anybody who can lift heavy, I'll tell you, if you can lift heavy and you don't have pain, it's fun. I haven't come across one person yet who doesn't like loading up a big squat for them hitting it and doesn't get excited. I did want to ask you one follow up on the squat. Hacksquat versus like a barbell squat. Yeah. Now in terms of, you know, muscle growth, it's going to be different. It's going to be similar. What about functional, like function, let's say an older adult, you know, getting up out of their chair, like being able to like avoid the fall. Do you think it's the same? It's hard to know. One of the pins on how we define functional, right? Like how we test it. If we're talking about like preventing falls and that's a great point that you bring up because a lot of people get so focused on bone density, bones, we don't want to break bones. Well, if they didn't fall on the first place, you know, and by the way, the best thing you can do for bone density is lift weights. Like anything you can do nutritionally, pales, and comparison is to what lifting weights does for bone density is a massive effect on bone density. So what I would say is probably all things being equal, the free weight will probably be better. I'm not aware of any data that actually assesses this. But if we have 65-year-old woman who's never put a barbell on her back before, that's a big ask. Squats feel really weird if you've never done it before. Seeing a well executed squat now, like after having gone through it so much, and I'm sure you too, you realize, wow, that's actually a very technical lift. Like that is a thing of beauty to do that well. And so I think a lot of times, if I if I really wanted to get somebody doing that, I'm probably going to start with them like doing like a goblet squat or something like that to a box or something that they can execute with relative confidence to start because if I just put them on a barbell squat, it's going to feel weird, maybe they're back hurts, you know, whatever. But, I mean, again, I look at that as I just want to get them back from more sessions. So if what they'll do is a hacksquat or a leg press, hell yes, and then hopefully over time, you know, we can walk them into some more complex stuff, but I'm totally good with people. And hey, if all they ever do is hacksquats, they're still going to be Eons better than somebody who's not doing anything at all, right? And even leg extensions, you know? So yeah, I don't let the enemy of good be perfection. And it's so funny, there's so many myths around lifting and heavy lifting. And I don't want somebody, what I will say is most people, if you progressively load correctly, lifting weights is going to reduce their pain. Now when you're older, you're going to have pain. Okay, my dad is setting her. I love my dad. He's one of the most wonderful human beings I've ever met. But he doesn't lift, right? He has sciatica. Okay, he has more back pain than I do. I scored over 600 pounds. I've done lift over 700 pounds. And yeah, I get some some aches and pains here and there. And I've dealt with some back issues, but you also got to keep in mind, when you're trying to be the strongest person in like your weight category in the entire world for your age, the amount of training, dose I need to make progress is going to be almost right next to what is going to over-training increase my risk for acute injury. And so I've always got to walk that line very carefully. But in studies looking at lower back pain and lifting, they show it decreases lower back pain. Like because one, you decrease your sensitivity to pain because you're progressively loading those tissues. One of the worst things you can do is to not load tissues because then they do get really sensitive to pain and pain is a whole mother. Like that's another rabbit hole I went down that's there's so much woo around what causes pain, injury. We talked about this a little bit. But yeah, in general, if you lift weights when you get older, you'll still have some pain, but you'll be strong and less sensitive to that pain than somebody who doesn't. This kind of leads to some of the questions that I was wanting to ask you about, again, when I say you are obviously an outlier, I mean, you're a professional power, power lift or bodybuilder, but generally speaking like how do you or how do you coach people to do as much as they can prevent getting injuries or lower your risk, I would say. Lower your risk of injuries, then the proper one says. Warm ups, stretching, but then again, once you have an injury, how do you push your saying pain, you get better with lifting, so then how do you approach once you actually have an injury, like what do you do, or what do you coach people to do as well? So I'm not a pain expert, but I've talked to a lot of pain experts, I've read a lot of the literature and I have my own personal experience as well, the lines up with the literature. And I will say, man, this is something I really changed my mind on for a long period of time. The stuff I thought reduced pain and injury versus what actually did, so different in the research literature and honestly discovering the bio-cycle social model of pain was a game changer for me. Because after I said that's quite a little record, I went through like seven years of really bad back pain, hit pain that pretty much prevented me from competing. I wasn't able to get back to worlds until 2022 when I won, because 2015 I just got a silver medal overall. And it was, so the things that are big levers for let's just take injury first. One big increases in volume, in training volume, and load when you aren't prepared for it. So there's a lot of people out there who they'll get, you know, let's do this challenge, let's do this bad idea. If you are drastically increasing your volume or your load, that is one of the big risk factors for acute injury. Okay? So when we say progressively load, like even my coach, if training is going well, and I'm getting much stronger, we don't jump up load very fast. We're still only increasing, you know, five, ten pounds a week. Because we know it's possible that I get stronger faster than my overall recovery can tolerate, right? So we're careful about how we increase load. Putting the tissues in under stress progressively is a big injury reducing factor. So and now I was actually watching a quarterback on Netflix, which followed a few different quarterback, they're following Patrick Mahomes. And one of the things I did like that they were doing was the his trainer was saying, you know, we put him in a lot of different positions, under stress and load over time so that the first time his tissues deal with this is not in the middle of the game. And so a lot of people think, for example, like form is really important for injury prevention. There's not a lot of research that actually backs that up to be honest, like take roundback deadlifting. There was a study like I think it was a meta analysis looking at rounded back deadlifting versus straight back deadlifting or degrees of flexion in the disc. And I mean, everybody would think, okay, roundback deadlifting it raises your risk of injury and it didn't really. And you see some top power lifters deadlift with a roundback mostly rounded in the upper back. And so you go, how is that possible? And then even like like knee cave, knee valgus on a squat, right? That's where your knees come in. One of my friends is probably the best female squatter in the world, drug free. She's squatted 496 pounds and 150 pounds bodyweight, her name's Lea Bavowaw. She's the friend. She's a French national champion. But her knees cave when she squats. But she's always done it that way, which means she started out doing that that way when the load was light. Her tissues adapted to that and it's not really a risk injury risk for her. And actually I used to deadlift with a straight back and found that when I was fatigued, my back would start to round and that's when I would get injured and have pain. And about five years ago, I changed, I said, okay, let's try this whole tissue and an adaptation thing. And just pull the way I pull when I'm fatigued because if I'm training for powerlifting and trying to get stronger, I'm not to I'm not to train under fatigue. I've had way less back pain and I don't think I've had any acute injuries on deadlift. And so because you progressively because I progressively loaded those tissues. Now, if you're I think all things being equal, if you can deadlift straight back, do that, right? But I think the idea that we need this like perfect form to prevent injury, actually the research shows people who believe they need really good form are actually more likely to have pain and get injured than people who believe that they're resilient and strong. And actually people who get injuries, mindset is actually a big factor for recovery. People who believe that they are strong and resilient recover faster from injuries and have less pain than people who believe that they're fragile. And this gets into the really the bio-cycle social model. So the the other big levers for injury risk are psychological stress. That is a massive, massive lever for acute injury and overall pain. So if you look at fibromyalgia, chronic fatigue syndrome, in fact a lot of the autoimmune disorders are very tightly associated with psychological stress and psychiatric disorders, IBS as well. And they show there's this really classical pain study. I think they did a skin pressure test. And they standardized the pressure and they had people rated zero to 100. Zero being absolutely no pain whatsoever didn't feel anything, 100 being most painful thing they've ever felt. And the average was like I think it was around a 50. But the spread was 4 to 96 if I recall correctly. So for somebody, it didn't even hardly register. For another person, it was almost the most painful thing they'd ever experienced. So pain is not what we thought it was, which is your body's a bag of meat hooked up to your brain. And if you poke the bag, cut the bag, burn the bag, cut the bag, your brain sends the signal and goes awy. And now we know what happens in the mind affects the body, what happens in the body affects the mind. I mean, look at the going the opposite direction, look at the exercise studies on cognition, on depression. So what happens in the body affects the mind, it goes the other way as well. So psychological stress, that by far, is this single biggest thing I changed in my life that got me into a low enough pain state to actually get competitive again in power lifting? And that started with getting better at stress management techniques, going to therapy, started doing hard work of setting boundaries with people in my life. And even left a very stressful relationship. And I'll never forget like this light bulb moment. And again, not saying negative thing about this person, like it was stressful for her too, right? It was not a good match overall. It was a very toxic dynamic. And two weeks after leaving that relationship, I'm like, what is happening? Because I was physically noticeably stronger in the gym. And I was even sleeping a little bit less. And I realized, wow, I'm not walking on egg shells all the time. My body isn't like, I'm not like 10 stop all the time. And this is backed up by the research that it's, there is a psychological, there is a physical toll that psychological stress takes. And so managing that has been huge. In fact, I joke with people that I have become much more zen, not because it improved the quality of my life. It improved by lifting. So I became even more zen, which improved the quality of my life, which then had like a positive effect on everything, right? And the other thing is sleep. So sleep is a big, big lever for a cut injury and for pain management. So there was a study in, I think, Army, where they looked at four hours of sleep a night versus eight hours of sleep a night. So people either had to get yeah, I think it was four versus eight. And I forget the duration. I think it was two or three months. And they found that people who were sleeping four hours a night had a 236% increased risk of acute injury versus people who slept eight hours a night. That's a massive difference. And people who sleep more have less pain. And you can just bundle it up all into that kind of like stress management. The long story is, it is about your overall recovery status. And psychological stress, your beliefs about pain, your sleep, all that stuff impacts it. Now when you have an injury and you have pain, you know, we've all, but a lot of us have gone to the doctor and they've been like, okay, that squat gave you an alley. Don't ever do those again. But you have to understand a lot of doctors, especially GPs are not trained in modern pain science. And they're thinking about liability. If you, they tell you, you know, you could put, you could go back in and squat again. You just need to like start off slow and manage your pain status accordingly. And if you fliers up, you know, back off on your volume, like that. Because if somebody goes back in and gets an out another alley, they go, well, that doctor told me to go squat. I'm going to sue him now. Right. So a lot of doctors are thinking about just minimizing their risk for litigation. But there's something called exposure therapy, which was the other game changer for me. So to explain it, let's take it from like, I'm sure you've heard of exposure therapy for like psychology, right? So for example, via the fear of spiders. If you just take me and stick me in a room with a bunch of spiders, that doesn't, that's not exposure therapy. That's like traumatic and it's going to make it worse, right? That's like if you have pain and let's say, uh, for example, I dealt with, um, back pain that was triggered by me squatting below parallel and then having a fast and then accelerating the lock out. Okay. So it was only at the top and it was after I squat a below parallel. So it was very specific pain. If I wouldn't end try to do heavy squats, it's just going to strengthen that that pain while I'm while I'm, uh, pain sensitive. But what you probably should do is exposure therapy. So that heavy squat, that's like sticking me in a room with spiders, right? It's traumatic. But if you wanted to manage somebody's first spiders, maybe you put them in a room with spider that's under a glass case and they just sit there with the spider and then over time, they bring it closer, over time they take the case off, over time you get better at managing, um, that pain is kind of the same way. So when I dealt with this, so I was dealing with that as well as hip pain that prevented me from really doing any kind of heavy squats. And so I went in the gym one day after reading about exposure therapy, that's okay. Is there a squat variation that I can do that's low enough pain that I can touch it without it getting worse? Because the research shows like if you're recovering from injury, first off you have to get the initial like high pain since it's heavy under control. And so that may involve rest and just walking or active recovery. But once it's under control enough, you kind of want to touch the pain without doing enough to make it worse. And the more you do this, the better you get it kind of knowing when to walk that line. And so I found okay, I can't do a full squat with my normal velocity. But I can do a slow tempo squat to a pin that's about six inches above parallel and then do a pause and do a controlled ascent. And I can do that and that that seems to be okay. So I started there. And every week, if I could, if my, if I felt okay, I'd take the pin down or I'd increase the weight or I'd increase the velocity. I pulled one of those levers or a few of them. And it wasn't linear like there was some weeks where I had to kind of just stay the same because I could feel that I was a little bit more pain sensitive. But after 16 weeks I was back squatting below parallel with not no pain but a manageable amount of pain. And then over time of managing that correctly, I got to no pain. And so that was such a big game changer for me and it really made me think about and everybody thinks if you got pain, it means there's like something wrong, you're going to make something worse. There's a tissue injury and the research doesn't necessarily support that. Like, yes, tissue injuries tend to cause pain. But soft tissue, tissue injuries heal within six to 12 months. If you're still having pain after that, it's because your brain has actually made a connection. And if you think about the purpose of pain, it's kind of a warning sign, right? It's, it's signaling, hey, danger, danger. So I noticed when I'll get pain is one, almost like clockwork if I get stressed out about something. This happened a few weeks ago. I was overwhelmed and here comes my back pain, just rearing it's ugly head. And the trigger for that, I've also found just learning that I don't have to stop doing what I'm doing. I just need to try and adjust it a little bit. So I had that a few weeks ago. So I'll go, okay, I'm going to stop above just like right above parallel, I'm going to do a slow tempo and I'm going to slow down the ascent of my squat and I was able to keep squatting, right? And now it's been getting better. I anticipate within a few weeks, I'll be kind of back to normal. And then again, before Nationals this year, I was hitting a set of 590 for a triple on squats. And on the third rep, I felt my doctor like tweak. And I was supposed to do back offsets after that. And I loaded my sets for back offs. And then I unloaded the entire bar and I was like, I can't win Nationals today. And there's like six weeks out from Nationals. But I went over to a belt squat and I'm like, okay, can I get in a position here? If you ever used a belt squat, you can you can play a lot more with like your foot position and whatnot. Can I get in a position here where I can do a squat movement with, you know, not aggravating it. I could. And then I again, I found that like below parallel was aggravating for that. So I did a pin squat above parallel the next time I was in some more belt squats within three weeks. I was back squat and below parallel with no pain. And again, I'm like, okay, pain, the idea that it's a tissue injury, maybe, but also maybe not. Sometimes it's your body trying to send you a signal saying, hey, our volumes getting pretty high and we're not recovered enough, like back off, back off. And so I have learned to kind of take pain more as a, take it as it comes and not put so much judgment behind it. And it has made such an enormous difference in my training and yeah, I just long story short, the best explanation I heard. I think it was from Sean Mackie when he was on a humanist podcast. I think he said, pain is an experience and it's more like an emotion than it is. But we would normally think of us like the old school brain connected to your body. That's sort of thing. And so again, I've become big all what happens in the mind affects the body, what happens in the body affects the mind. You mentioned a couple of things. I just want to ask you about one of the sleep because, you know, there are many times when people, there's some people that get chronic, like four hours of sleep, they're stressed, they're work schedule, I don't maybe they're like a new parent, whatever, you know. But, you know, generally speaking, like, let's say you are getting poor sleep because of something social or just an event. Like, it's not like a chronic chronic thing forever, but like you even get a couple of poor nights of sleep. That's when I think that really you need to make sure you really do focus on getting a workout. And I don't mean going run a marathon, but like go and like do 20 minute interval or even 10 minute, whatever, something, you know. How do you, so you said sleep is important for lowering the risk of injury, but, and pain, yes. But like if you are not getting, if you're getting a poor night's sleep or a couple of more night's sleep, do you still think people should go and train or it is the risk for, let's say, injury with like resistance training, is it going to be significantly higher or should you just go and do, lift some weights? Like, so I think everyone should auto regulate their training regardless of whatever happens, okay? And so if you have a poor night's sleep and you come in and you're feeling like crap and it's not moving well, then reduce the load and adjust accordingly. But that set of squats, my best ever set of squats I hit, that 530 for 10, that was after a night where I literally slept nothing. But I, but I had the approach of, well, I'm going to go in and just see how it feels. And if it feels bad, I'll reduce my target load and we'll just manage it. And I felt a little shaky, I felt like, you know, I didn't feel great, but it was moving for whatever reason. And I think what people need to realize is when we talk about the risk of injury and sleep, it is, it's like that the bull comparison I made, right? Like, if you've been sleeping great overall and you have one bad night of sleep, I very much doubt it raises your risk of injury. It's more about what you're doing just like if you've been sleeping like crap, sleeping great one night is not going to up, you're all recovered and everything's back to base, like no, that's not how that works. We know like sleep deficits are tough to make up, right? So I think it's fine to go train after a night of poor sleep just on a regulate, right? If you feel worse and I, I tell this, I actually, um, I've had clients, I've had to have them stop wearing wearables, like orings or watches or whatnot, because they end up no seabowing themselves because it, oh, my, my battery is low or like my, my body battery is low or my, my, HRV is messed up and it's like, okay, well, maybe that will have an impact, but you could just go test the thing, you know, like you could just go do it. And so, and the same thing people, you know, talk about like for females, like we kind of discussed this a little bit like training for your cycle. There's really not a lot of evidence that you need to train differently for any phase of your cycle, but if you personally feel worse during a certain phase of your cycle or even a certain day, who cares if it's the cycle, if it's the sleep, if it's the whore, who cares what it is, reduce your load. I like that term, the auto, auto regulate because it's really applicable to so many different situations like people that people are in. But since you put up the women, there's also a whole, you know, class of women that are postmenopausal and, you know, some of them maybe perhaps haven't lifted weights before, they've noticed that even though they're eating the same, calorie-wise, that as they hit menopause for some reason, they're getting a little more belly fat without necessarily taking in more calories. There's something that's happening that they're not, it's not the same. How do you approach that? Do they need to lift? Is that the secret sauce? Do they need to lift more if they are lifting and it's still kind of hard, where the calories come into the picture as well? Again, like I said, even if they're already having really changed their calories, they just hit menopause and then, you know, they get the belly fat accumulating easier. So again, where X's and O's meets practicality. If you look at the mechanistic stuff of like BMR, to energy expenditure, you know, although like hard metrics, they don't really change with menopause. So your BMR doesn't change. So I said to all energy expenditure on average, but here's the thing. There's a lot of people who have sleep problems during menopause. Stress goes up. You probably don't feel as good, right, as your hormone's change. And so one of the big buckets for energy expenditure is actually subconscious or unconscious physical activity, like spontaneous physical activity. People don't realize that. So we think about total energy expenditure. So calories out, right, everything you expend in the day. People will quate that with metabolism. Well, metabolism is your BMR. That's basically the cost of keeping the lights on, right? Like that's the cost to run your organs when you're at rest. That is usually a pretty big chunk of your total energy expenditure. That's like 50 to 70 percent per day for most people. Then you have T-E-F, which is the amount of energy required to extract the energy out of food. That's usually a couple hundred calories per day. And then you have your physical activity, which people think about purely as exercise, but it's not. Physical activity can be broken up in a two buckets purposeful and non-purposeful, which exercise obviously falls into purposeful. Non-purposeful is also called meat, non-exercise activity through a genesis, which is actually really a modifiable, really a modifiable. And if you don't feel as good, you're probably not going to move as much without even realizing it. And so just looking at the research literature, not in minimalism population, but let's take dieting, for example. So we know, if you diet, lose like 10 percent of your body weight, it can decrease your BMR. We call that metabolic adaptation. Outside of what you would expect, just based on the amount of mass you lose. So it's about, when I average like 15 percent decline in BMR. But 10 percent weight loss can also induce a forward of 500 calorie decrease in meat per day. Now let's take what that looks like practically. All right, so I'm about 210 pounds. And my BMR is about 2,000 calories today. My total energy expenditure is about 3400 calories a day. If I start doing a diet that's a 700 calorie deficit for me, so 2700 calories per day on average, that's a good deficit. That's a healthy deficit. If I lose 10 percent of my body weight, in my BMR declines by 20 percent, or by 15 percent, that's 300 calories. And if my meat goes down by 400 calories, at 700 calories total, what was the deficit is actually now maintenance for me. And so I think a lot of people can flate calorie deficits don't work with. They don't understand that well, maybe you thought you run a calorie deficit or what should have been a calorie deficit. But if you didn't lose weight, you weren't in a calorie deficit, at least sustained over time. And so that can feel very attacking for people. But again, the reality is like your in-menopause, you're sleeping worse, and people also, I'm still doing the same on exercise. But if you're not spontaneously moving in the mess, and I don't know what it is about meat. People view it as like a personal attack when I say physical activity. No, this might as well be BMR because you can't control it. Like your subconscious is going, now you can try to make up for it by doing more conscious physical activity. And also I want to be very clear. It's not like you lose 10 percent body weight, and then everything falls off a cliff. This is a very progressive thing over time, right? But you knowing that you can make up for it. So for example, you can do more exercise or you can do more steps during the day. That's sort of thing. But when it comes to menopause, I think, and there is some evidence that like if you get, if you get like really low in estrogen and you replace that, that can have an effect on energy expenditure about 100 calories per day, something like that. And then there's obviously, there are hormones that do make a difference for energy expenditure, like thyroid hormone, right? I think if you're high-pothyroid, it will reduce your BMR. But I think the biggest decline I've seen, like the biggest, absolute max I've seen in the literature is like 25% which is big as BMR. But it doesn't mean you can't get an calorie deficit. You're not a perpetual emotion machine that can create energy out of nothing. Like you have to, if you didn't lose weight or you didn't gain or you gained weight, your body didn't create those carbons out of nowhere. Like they came from something, right? And I think the disconnect between energy calories, people go, calories aren't even real. You can't see them. It is referring to the potential energy contained in the chemical bonds of food that is captured throughout the course of metabolism. And so what I always say is like if you ingest carbons, your body does something with them and we can track that. And if you are gaining weight, your body is not creating carbons out of nothing. It has to get them from somewhere. So all that to say to come back to the Minopause piece of it, it is the lifestyle changes that really make the difference. Trying to double down, try to double down on stress management and also exercise. If you may not feel good, but it is going to drastically help you. And I've gotten in trouble for some of these, for some of these things because again, people will hear that and say, you know, Laine's gaslighting Minopausal women, he's saying that it's their fault. No, I think that these changes can happen without you realizing it. And again, your subconscious decrease in physical activity. That's a big lever that can happen without you even realizing it or having any control over it. And again, people, it's why I'm almost so pedantic about terms because it makes a difference as Jack reaches a details matter. And when you, so people will say, I'm going to take the stairs to say, get my knee up. That's not neat. That's exercise. Because you're making a conscious decision to do it. And so this reduction in energy from meat, it's not something you can control. So it's, it's, I'm not saying it's your fault. But there are things lifestyle interventions you can do to help correct for that. Do you think that that, um, uh, a post-menopausal woman that increases their their volume of resistance training versus, let's say, you know, getting on a peloton and doing spin or, you know, endurance, like, do you think there's a difference in, in helping compensate for some of those changes in their, their physical activity that they're not thinking about, um, because you're getting more muscle mass or does it? I mean, I'm always going to encourage people to lift weights in some form of fashion, right? But again, it kind of goes back to like practicality. If they love spin and that's, they hate lifting weights. Well, spins can be better than nothing, right? But if I can get people lift weights, definitely one of the lift weights. And I mean, the research shows relative to your starting lean mass or goaless of your age or sex, you can build the same amount of muscle. So what that means, people just to put it practically. So there's a study showing that women build the same amount of men as a percentage of the starting lean mass. So what I mean by that is if you're starting lean mass as a woman is 50 kilograms and my starting lean mass is a man, a 70 kilograms. We both resistance training. We both put on, let's say, 10 percent lean mass. The woman will gain five kilos, the man will gain seven. The man gained more absolutely mass. But they both gained the same percentage of their starting lean mass. So the potential for growth is actually similar again as a percentage. And we actually see that even with like strength too, the women kind of as a starting percentage of the one-wrap max gain similar strength is meant. In fact, it might be a little bit better to be honest. But that also could be the women have a lower baseline because they're not on a population level lifting weights as much. And so, in elderly, we see that too as a percentage. Now, if you take somebody who's 70 years old and never lifted weights before, they're going to not have very much lean mass. But if they start, they'll still gain a similar amount as a percentage of their starting lean mass. Now, they're never going to get to the same peak that somebody who started when they're 20. But again, this is why I tell people the best time to start lifting weights is right now, regardless, like if you have a spinal cord that works, start now. It is the best time. And even if you're 50, 60, 70, it's still going to do what it does. It's going to have massive benefits. It's an ever-tool-like. What about there's a lot of people that are older adults, so let's say they're 65 or older, and maybe they are just starting out and let's say they have joint issues. And I think you kind of address this with the pain and I want to just confirm this. So, you know, for these people, let's say that our older, they have joint issues. If they just start with lighter weights, to start with the low exposure, whether they're just doing something and training and their muscles are adapting, their joints are adapting, is that sort of the approach you would take with older adults? Yeah, I probably start with lighter weights and also start with movements that don't cause them pain, or cause them less pain, right? I try to find stuff that, whether it's exercises, tempo, range of motion, like just getting it started because I know over time as those tissues adapt, they're going to be able to do more and more complex movements. They're going to be able to push harder and harder, and that stuff's going to take care of them itself. But if I just dogmatic about them, like, no, you're going to squat and put a barbell on somebody's back the first time they come in and they're 60 years old, and they have a horrible experience with it and it hurts. We're not going to come back. So again, that's kind of where like meeting people where they are is really important. So yeah, I'm going to try and find exercises that are low pain, that they enjoy, enjoying being relative, and then again, even when people are starting out, like we talked about proximity to failure, I'm not taking somebody who's older, close to failure the first time they lift weights. Like, no way. That's going to be, that's going to be weeks down the road. But just lifting something is going to have such a massive difference compared to doing nothing that it really almost doesn't matter what you do when you start as long as you start, as long as it's not, like a such a low load that there's no discomfort whatsoever. And so that's kind of how I'm going to start with people is just like, let's get them in. Let's have them not hate it. And then also see themselves get stronger pretty quickly. That is a really good motivator to get them to keep coming in. Right? And so that's why I don't want to change up exercises every week because I want to be able to be able to say, oh, wow, I had a 10 pounds from last time. I had two more reps, you know, and it was easier. And so I think practically, you can, you can take all the research we have on small muscle links and and and, uh, proximity and use the oil all the window. The first time you get somebody in, it is about getting them to come back for the next one. That is where we got to start. And, um, and also like, ascending appropriate expectations with people of, hey, you're going to notice you get stronger within a few weeks. You're going to notice this, but it's going to take time before you actually see a difference in your body. But within a few months, you're going to notice a difference in your functionality for sure. And so I think just like starting there with people is really important because like you said, for whatever reason, people think either it's going to be always time for the lift weights or they're just going to blow up into this massive bodybuilder. And I'm like, you know, when you get in a car, you don't worry about turning into an ascarter, I ever do you? Like, and as somebody drug free who spent 25 years there entire adult life trying to get as big and strong as possible in a t-shirt, I look like an athletic guy. You know, I mean, I'm a big guy, but I don't look like some freak of nature, you know, and that's with me training consistently hard for 25 years. And always tell people, hey, you know, if you're worried about like getting too big, if you start to get too big, you can just back off. This isn't rocket science, like it's like it's like I said, I worry about people training not hard enough. I don't worry about I'm training too hard. Like that's that is a pretty small subsection of people. Although we end up having selection bias because we're in this industry, which has a lot more people who do train too hard. And you know, get too restrictive with their diets compared to the average person, right? So I think this is a good segue to for, you know, the other signal of increasing muscle mass that we talked a lot about the mechanical tension and and the training, which is the biggest most important, most important factor for not only just muscle, mass, and function, but like we're talking about brain, overall health, bone density just, it list goes on and on, right? I think it's interesting because I'll tell people, I'm a PhD in nutrition and I'll be the first to tell you, training is way more important. Yes, way more important. Well, that's kind of, you know, I, I wanted to get your thoughts on, so I have had, you know, two Phillips and look in Lune, Brad Chonefeld. We've talked about protein requirements, you know, talking about getting getting the biggest bang for your buck with your training, 1.6 grams per kilogram body weight. I know you've talked about that as well. I kind of wanted to get your thoughts on like, what do you think about like earning your protein? Like, so there is this sort of focus on protein intake right now. Like, there's a lot of influencers talking about it. It's in the blogosphere, social media, and, but like, does someone need to focus on their protein intake as much if they're just sitting around not exercising, not training? What do you, uh, you can make an argument that's actually probably more important if you aren't training, but I would say like, get training, right? What do you mean? So like, well, let's think. Because if you don't have the training lever to preserve lean mass and get some metabolic benefits, protein doesn't do it nearly as much, but it does help. And so, you know, but it's, it is a small, lever compared to actual resistance training. Does it help? Let's say, if you look at the end-hand studies and people on average, it will depending on their age, but like, younger adults, less, let's say people that are like, 40 and younger, they're getting on average about 1.5 grams per kilogram body weight. Right. Now older adults, more like 1.2, but that's their average consumption. So do you still think focusing on the protein knowing like what they're, I mean, I guess for older adults, but I've led up to hear what your, your, your take is. So that's kind of like the lab I came out of, Don Layman's lab. That was a big, um, big focus for us was older population. And if you look in young populations, I mean, one of the studies you sent me on protein distribution showed no difference in 30-year-old women, which doesn't really surprise me because when you're young, and even like, 30 wouldn't be considered young, but young enough, that you still have like the normal, kind of translation initiation signaling. So the indoor pathway. As you get older, above, I want to say the study, I think it was out of Riny or Wolfs lab. I can't remember which one, this is like back in 2004, but they showed, um, not only do you get a decreased sensitivity of that pathway, you actually get like less, I think less protein, uh, less of the actual like imtor and the machinery associated with protein synthesis. So your, their research basically showed you could restore a normal response of muscle protein synthesis, but you have to consume proportionally more protein. So I think really, I'm going to add a ballic resistance in all adults. Yeah. So, um, I think when you're young, it's still matters, but it matters less than when you get older. And the problem with that is it's kind of like going in both directions of older people have a lower animal-accessibility and they tend to consume less protein because it's more satiating, it's harder to chew in general, like if you're on my animal proteins. And so people just kind of end up gravitating away from that. And that's also where you kind of start to see protein distribution probably matter a little bit more when you get into older age where if you're getting, you know, three meals where you're stimulating muscle protein synthesis versus, um, you know, just one big meal, which most people eat about 65% of their protein at dinner in in America. And what's the problem with that? Well, on a mechanistic level, there's not really a storage form for a protein like we have for a carbohydrate and fat. So fat obviously you can store as much as knee, not a pose. A carbohydrate you've got liver glycogen, you've got muscle glycogen, limited, but still a storage form. I mean, protein you have the three amino acid pool, but it's very, very, very small. It's not what I would consider a storage form or protein at all. And some people say, well, you know, skeletal muscle is a storage form of protein. That's like saying you build a house and it's a storage form of wood. Yeah, I guess you can tear the house down and get wood out of it, but that's not why you build the house, you know. And so because of that, there appears to be kind of a maximal, well, new study out of and looms lab has kind of challenged this. But in terms of muscle protein synthesis, it appears that, you know, kind of caps out at a certain level on a permule basis. And so if you're older, let me back up, for younger people, 10 grams of protein, probably still not stimulate protein synthesis. But as you get older, you're probably need closer to 20, 30, maybe even 40 grams depending on your only mass and the source of protein that you're consuming. But, you know, it really protein quality distribution, that stuff matters more, the lower your protein intake is overall, the more you consume on a daily basis, the less all that other stuff matters. Your daily intake is by far the biggest lever to pull. And so what I'll tell people is like, hey, if you're, if for whatever reason, you can only get it in one meal and you can still get enough total protein, I mean, I don't think it's ideal, but it's better than not getting enough total protein, right? And I think some of the problems with this research literature as well is when you're looking at protein synthesis, you're only looking at one side of the equation. You're not looking at muscle protein degradation, which is really hard to measure. In fact, it's so hard to measure that protein researchers out there, please don't get too mad at me saying this because I was one of you. But we just kind of do this and we go, la la la la, we just kind of follow muscle protein synthesis because degradation's so hard to measure because if you're measuring synthesis, you're using an isotopic label and you're just, you're looking at incorporation into the tissue versus the precursor pool and then you have a very simple calculation that you can come up with a rate with degradation is much more difficult because you're looking at the dilution of that label from amino acids flexing out of a tissue, much more difficult to measure and to my knowledge, it's almost impossible to measure synthesis degradation and it's very hard to measure those two at the same time and it's hard to measure them when it's not in a steady state. So like if you had exercise, you add a meal, now it's in a non-steady state and it's much more difficult to measure. So all that being said, there may be effects on muscle protein degradation that make it where okay, this explains why protein distribution is less important than we previously thought. Because I was a big proponent of protein distribution and I still think if you want to become the most muscular human you can possibly be, that getting multiple protein high quality protein feeding's per day is probably superior to one or two. But do I think it makes a massive difference? No, I don't. What about have you seen Luke Van Lune study the overnight muscle proteins synthesis giving protein before bed and stimulating while you're sleeping? You're building the protein and I mean does that add something to it? I tell people okay here's, I'll tell you what I do. Okay, so it's like this is the you inject me with true serum. What do I do? Because I want to do the best I can, right? Because people ask about pre-training protein post-training protein, does it need to be right after, has a timing? Here's what I'll tell people. Probably a good idea to have some protein when you wake up because you've been fasting for eight, ten hours and so muscle proteins synthesis will be depressed. We do know that. It's also probably a good idea to have protein before you train because it helps with we've shown that protein before training helps with recovery and protein after training helps with recovery. But it's not this like okay, you know, you don't need to be like having a protein shake. Right as you finish your last set and like downing it like no. But it's probably a good idea to have a meal containing protein, couple, you know, one to two hours before you lift or exercise. And it's probably a good idea to have it after you finish within a few hours. And so yes, but your training will probably naturally fall between two meals like that anyway. You don't have to like accelerate one of the other. And the reality is, if you're eating a meal an hour before you go train and you go train for an hour, those are the new assets are still in your system for four or five hours after you originally had them maybe even longer depending on the source. So I'll eat I eat four protein containing meals a day. I eat breakfast. Then I eat lunch. Usually I'll train in the middle of the afternoon because when I feel best, then I'll eat dinner, you know, within a couple hours of finishing training. And then I'll eat a meal before bed because again, I'm going to be going eight, ten hours without consuming protein. And that's just kind of how I do it. Now, do I think, you know, again, I'm trying to be the most person I can possibly be. If you just somebody wants to build a little bit of muscle, just focus on getting enough total protein per day. And if you can divide it up a little bit better, fantastic, right? But that's probably the last like three to five percent. And what do you think that total protein per day is? Which you can do. Yeah, so this is where I'll tell you what the literature says and then I'll tell you if you inject it to be a true serum, what I really think. So, literature says, you know, 1.6 to 2 grams per kilogram, body weight, most literature tops out around that 1.6 number. What I really think is I don't necessarily know if there's a top end of protein where you stop getting benefits. But I do think it just becomes so marginal that you can't pick it out because with protein synthesis, it's actually a really insensitive measure. Like you're dealing with looking, you are looking for small differences between small numbers. It is very difficult to pick out. And another like difficult thing to look especially when we're looking at lean mass and protein intake is if you do eight weeks study, I mean, it's not like somebody builds so much more lean mass, even if it resistance training versus somebody not. I mean, yeah, you build a few kilos. But it's not like this massive, huge difference. And so I think a lot of times we just don't, it's hard to do really long randomized control trials. I always tell people when they say, why didn't they do it longer? Why weren't there more subjects? Money, money, money, and also I think people have this view that there's just just this group of random people just sitting around waiting to be chosen for research studies. And they're just like, don't have a life and they just do that for no, no, research subjects are me, you people watching their normal people. And guess what happens when you try to control aspects of their daily life? They drop out of studies. One of my favorites is when people go, why didn't they do it in body motors? You know, body motors say this and I go, because you guys suck as test subjects. Because let's say I want to do a protein study on body builders. As soon as I randomized you guys to the low, what you guys, the low protein, you're all going to drop out. If I do a high volume versus low volume study, I randomized people to low volume. They're going to drop out. Like, it's you can't, it's almost impossible to do. Or you've got to pay people to do it. So anyways, if we look at some of the meta-regretions, if we look at the research on protein synthesis and even stewed in a study years ago of egg albumin intake, like 5, 10, 20, and 40 grams of egg albumin protein. And the take home was that the 20 grams maximized the response and it was no different than 40 grams. Statistically yes, but I think 40 grams are still 11% higher in rate of muscle protein synthesis. But I think there was like six people per group, which again, when you're doing muscle protein synthesis and human you are taking chunks of flesh out of people, you are having them lay around getting infused with amino acids for 5, 6, Van Loons recent study was like 12 hours. People literally laying soupine for 12 hours getting a few who was to sign up for that. Like, I'm not doing that, you know, plus getting multiple chunks of flesh taken out. So it's really hard to get high numbers to do this. You're bringing up a really, what I think is a really important point lane because and particularly coming from you who you do really look a lot at randomized control trials and the meta-nosts and evidence. But the reality is that in many cases there are almost they can be set up to fail from the beginning because they're underpowered. Like you said, and we have this obsession with statistical significance. I mean we had to do something, right? But at the end of the day, as you said, it's like, well, there's a trend 11%, maybe if we had 40 people and set a sick, probably we'd see, you know, but then it comes down to then, okay, well, I like how you're speaking about it where it's like, okay, well, this is what the evidence shows. This is my true serum. This is what I really think. And I think that's important too because even people that are influencers that are interpreting studies, randomized control trials, we can be very harsh on the results. But at the end of the day, these randomized control trials were designed for drugs where people don't have any of this in their system before the drugs. This is very black and white. Very black and white. We see this go up 50% because they're doing this drug, whatever, which is why whenever people, when they do meta-nosts in nutrition and they're like, look, quality of evidence was graded as low to moderate. I'm like, yeah, that's going to be every nutrition randomized control trial. Because one, you can't blind it effectively, right? Like it's that you can't, you can't blind it to the person because they're going to know that they're eating less like say animal protein products, right? But that doesn't mean that these are bad, right? It's just we have to understand the limitations of them. And I think where I get really like, people know me for screaming random ones, control trials. Really when I get like that is when somebody makes a claim and the randomized control trials actually show the opposite, that's when I'm like, come on, guys, you know what I mean? Like, you can't make that claim based on this because okay, even if we don't necessarily believe these randomized control trials are perfect, they're going the opposite direction. So at minimum, it doesn't have an effect and it probably has the opposite effect of what you're saying. It's like, I saw something the other day of like, and I'm going to come back to the your protein question. But I saw something where I was like, don't take away protein because it has InUE5GC and that's going to increase your inflammation okay, does away protein have InUE5GC? Maybe, I guess, maybe, sure, possible. Is there a pathway where InUE5GC increases inflammation? Sure. But what happens when we actually give people away protein in randomized control trials? Oh wait, it's either a neutral positive effect on inflammation. So just because a pathway exists doesn't mean there's an outcome for it, right? But if there's now come a pathway absolutely exists. But when you're dealing with outcomes, you're dealing with the summation of multiple dozens, hundreds, maybe even thousands of biological pathways all summing up to that particular outcome. And so sure, I like to use this example of aspirin. We know aspirin's an anti-quagulate, but it also activates pro-quagulate pathways as well. But the overall effect is it's an anti-quagulate. So we have to be very careful and that's as you've seen, there's a lot of content out there now that well, this thing is in this food and it's going to cause this. And it's like, I mean, I saw something about cruciferous vegetables, right? Like, don't eat those because they have isocytonates and that's going to bind to iodine, that's going to lower your thyroid function, and that's going to cause your metabolic rate to drop and you're going to gain weight. I'm like, wow, we kind of skipped over BCDEFG and went from A to Z, didn't we? And that's a pathway, that's a biochemical mechanism. Does it all exist in all, at least partially true? Yeah, but what happens in studies where we just have people eat more cruciferous vegetables? It doesn't impact their thyroid function at all, doesn't impact their metabolic rate, and if anything, they lose more weight from cetyate. So obviously, we can say, okay, well, that pathway exists, but it's obviously not a dominant pathway or even something that really makes a difference based on dosage and all these other things. So bringing it back to the protein question. You're familiar with an asymptote, so I think the response to proteins probably asymptopic. So you're going to get, and if you look at stew's paper of the A-Gallaman, you're almost starting to see it. It's this curve going up where your initial zero to 20 grams is a pretty steep climb, starting to kind of top out, but continues to go up. And so I think practically there was a meta regression a few years ago that suggested up to 3.3 grams per kilogram of protein still has improved benefits, or sorry, still has benefits for muscle protein synthesis and lean mass. But again, meta-verections aren't perfect because you're kind of like extrapolating all these numbers that are in different kind of heterogeneous studies and you're trying to come up with a dose response. But I think based on what I know about protein synthesis, also what we saw with Luke Van Loone's recent study of 100 grams of protein after exercise, I think there's enough kind of smoke to suggest that, okay, you probably don't ever truly max out the benefits of protein on animalism, but when you get up to that 1.6 or 2 grams for a kilogram, you're probably 98, 99 percent of the way there, right? And so the benefits going up more are so incremental, you're never going to be able to really pick them out in a study. What about for people two things? One endurance athlete, it's like really just training hard, like marathon runners, and then two people that are in a caloric deficit trying to lose body fat, does increasing their protein, I mean, I don't know above two, above the 1.6 and maybe to the two, are there situations where increasing that protein does make a difference in great question. And Eric Helms a few years, I don't know if you're familiar with him, but he's a researcher in exercise science nutrition in New Zealand, and he did a systematic review, and I think it was a meta regression as well, showing that in a calorie deficit, possibly up to 3 grams per kilogram of lean mass, so different than body weight, right? But still higher than what we typically see, that up to like, I think 3.1 grams per kilogram of lean mass had improvements in lean mass retention during a calorie deficit. So yes, there may be evidence that more protein is better in a calorie deficit, and for endurance athletes, you know, this is where the segue of one of my favorite quotes is there are no solutions there are only trade-offs. What I mean by that is, you see better recovery from exercise with more protein endurance athletes. Up to about that 1.6 grams per kilogram, I think I saw one study, it was like up to 1.8, saw a benefit as well. But when do you get to the point of where practically now, because you're consuming more protein, you're consuming less carbohydrates and fats, which are fueling your exercise, and so just performance start to drop off because of that. And so that's where that segue has to happen of, okay, we can keep packing more protein in here, and even for resistance training people, right? Okay, I might have some bodybuilders to say, well, you know, 1% difference is a difference in winning the Olympia and finishing the last place. So I'm going to eat 1,000 grams of protein, but I'm pulling out like a fake example that doesn't exist. But what I would say is, well, yeah, maybe you're getting a little bit more muscle-protein to the system, but your training is probably on a suck, right? Because you're not getting in carbohydrates fats, you probably feel like crap. And so guess what? Training is the bigger lever, so you're better off taking some of that protein, allowing it towards carbohydrates and fats, so that you actually feel fueled and can train hard versus just continuing to try to pump more protein in. So for me, I consume, so I'm probably about, I'm 94.95 kilos. I consume like 230, 240 grams of protein per day. So I'm probably like, probably like 2 1 1,5 grams around there, 2 1 1,5 grams per kilo, a bodyweight, and then my lean mass is probably high 80s, so probably 87 something like that. So I'm right just under that kind of three grams per kilogram of bodyweight. But again, like I'm concerned about, like how do I build the most muscle possible? I think for the vast majority of people, 1.6 grams per kilogram of bodyweight, which is like 0.7 grams per pound, perfectly appropriate, and you're going to get the vast majority of protein by doing that. But for those meat heads out there, if you want to consume more protein, I'd say consume as much as you like up to the point where you still feel like you're getting enough carbohydrates and fats to be properly fueled for your resistance and training sessions. Okay, this is, I want to kind of shift gears and talk about some hot topics, I guess, in the, the fitness and health world, yeah, you know, I, it's the starting with with seed oils. And I do think that, this will be the most commented section of this podcast. Well, it's an interesting one. I avoid them, I try to mostly avoid them. I mean, at home, I, I, all of oils, what I use for cooking, for everything. But I also think they've been overly demonized in the fitness and, in health world. So, I know that many of our listeners that are listening, watching have heard a lot of conflicting information about seed oils. But maybe you could start with just summarizing what seed oils are and why are they such a controversial topic? Yeah, so seed oils are generally polyunsaturated fats, which means they have multiple double bonds and versus monolinsaturated fats like olive oil, which is a single double bond or saturated fat, like say butter, animal fats typically saturated, you know, where you have no double bonds. And let me start with this. I don't think seed oils are innocuous from the perspective that in the last few decades added oils are one of the biggest source of increased energy in the American diet. And so I just want to set the stage appropriately, as well, talking about levers. People will say, well, it can't just be the calories. Let me give you the data on calories right now. So, if we people will say, no, it's 24 calories have actually gone down in the American diet. I've heard this argument. They're looking at self-reported data from people, which puts it like 24, 2500 calories, data from Americans. The more accurate way to look at it is you look at the food production, you look at food waste, and you look at food availability, and you can calculate approximately how many calories per capita people are consuming. Okay, that is objective data. That's not, well, yesterday, I think I had, like, I don't even remember what I had for, for, to eat yesterday. Like, I mean, I can look at my app and I know, but if you ask me to call it off and like, God, I don't really know. That data is over 3,500 calories a day on average per person. And the average person gets less than 20 minutes of physical activity per day. So, yeah, I think like a big chunk of it is energy toxicity. Now, seed oils can contribute to that for sure, because even right down to like, hey, you have a salad, what does it take for a chef just to, you know, put more oil on it, or, you know, if you've ever had a dish, you know, I can approximately guesstimate like how much rice is on there, but how you didn't know how much oil somebody put in, like, I mean, I guess it tastes a little bit slimy in your mouth, but good luck qualifying that, right? And then I think also seed oils are probably a proxy for poured overall diet quality because they are in a lot of processed foods. So the question to me, there's two questions. Practically, are they contributing to the health crisis? Yes. But is it for the reason that they really anti-seed oil people claim? And what's interesting about this anti-seed oil movement is, I've noticed, it's kind of popped up out of the low-carb carnivore sphere. And I've seen this progression over the years, which at first the kind of low-carb hardcore keto folks where carbs are bad, just like it carbs are bad. And then over time, that kind of shifted to what we think it's refined sugar is what's, you know, insulin. And then, I mean, we've had so many randomized control trials now and men analysis that kind of show that like sugar isn't good for you, but if you're equating energy, I mean, I have several meta-analysis to show that it doesn't affect inflammatory markers, doesn't affect glucose metabolism, as long as you're getting in the same total calories per day compared to other diets and substituting out different carbohydrates sources. So then it shifted to, I think it coincides with, there's been a lot of low-carb people who also push for saturated fat to be healthy, because I think this is like confirmation bias, we like animal protein, we want saturated fat to be good for us, because then we can justify what I know about protein. And hey, listen, I always find it funny when people accuse me of bias on this because my research was funded by the National Dairy Council, the Agnutrition Center, and the National Accountable on the Beef Association. There is nobody with a stronger bias towards animal protein than me, right? And I can remember when I did debate with a kind of a word person one time, I said, never in a million years, I think I'd be on a podcast divining the virtues of plants, you know? So I'm not saying that there isn't some benefits to animal protein, everything's trade-offs, but if we look at the literature, if you say seedles are uniquely deleterious to health, then you have to say saturated fat as uniquely deleterious to health, because for every level of evidence for seedles, there is stronger evidence for saturated fat to be deleterious on health. So mechanistically, we know saturated fat raises LDL cholesterol. We know LDL cholesterol penetrates the endothelium. We know LDL cholesterol is a causative risk factor for cardiovascular disease. Now we can argue about particle size and all that kind of stuff, but we know regardless of particle size, LDL can penetrate the endothelium and cause damage. Okay, mechanism, right? And then people say, well, inflammation, okay, well, if we look at the studies where they just have people eat more polyentratory fats, sometimes you see an increase in inflammation, sometimes you don't. But if we look at the studies where they're substituting polyentratory fats in place of saturated fats, we see neutral or positive effects on inflammatory markers, blood glucose regulation, liver fat. In fact, one of the things I tell people is if you're worried about liver fat increase from fructose, you better be worried about saturated fat, because they compare them straight up equating calories overfeeding fructose versus saturated fat. Saturated fat increased liver fat 70% more than fructose in a randomized control trial. So, again, all right, you want to make the argument that seedles are bad for you. You have to make the argument that saturated fat is bad for you too. And usually it's kind of the opposite, whether trying to push that, you know, polyentratory fats are what's causing a lot of our health problems. When in reality at every level of evidence, whether it's animal, mechanistic, human randomized control trials or epidemiological, looking at polyentratory fatty substitute for saturated substitute for polyentratory fatty, it's either neutral, positive. I have yet to see one study where they really show the opposite. The one study that will go sight is the Minnesota coronary experiment. And there was some strengths that experiment. It was provided all the meals participants, and they did either, you know, they were controlling their intake, either high polyentratory fat diet or high saturated fat diet. And it was a randomized control trial for several years whether they're looking at outcomes like heart attacks or whatnot, which is great. Here's the downsides. When they re-analyzed that data of more modern statistics, they found that there was no difference. But originally there was a claim that, okay, the polyentratory group was actually more cardiac events than the other group. But here's the weaknesses of the study. One, this is back when hydrogenated oils and trans fats were very prevalent in the food supply. And they, those were considered polyentratory fats. And they were getting a lot of their polyentratory and fats from that. This wasn't from Canola oil. This wasn't from, you know, some of these other, this was from hydrogenated oil. Literally probably some of the worst source of fat you can get. Like, do you get no argument from me that trans fats are uniquely deleterious to health? You'll get no argument there. As about probably worse than saturated fat. So, that's one major weakness. The other one is, yes, they were controlling their calories when they're inpatient. But these people were in and out of these facilities because they were psychiatric facilities. So, what did they do beforehand? What did they do after? What did they do in between? It wasn't controlled. And you also have to consider two years is a long time for randomized control trial. Actually, the overall study I think was five years. But the average length was two years of a person being in it. And I think the average age was like late 40s. How many people have heart attacks even bad health in their late 40s? It's a pretty low number. And so, how many people are going to have heart attacks in a five-year time window? Probably pretty low. And if we think about the mechanism, LDL cholesterol that we think is why saturated fat might be more a bitter risk factor for heart disease, it is about lifetime exposure risk. And this is something I changed my mind on. When I got to grad school, I was very much of the opinion, well, it's more about the particle size, more about LDL, the HDL ratio. I don't think LDL really matters that much. It's more about the overall. And then about 10 years later, here come all these Mendelian randomization studies, which basically look at people who naturally secrete more or less LDL, looking at lifetime exposure to LDL. And that is what matters. Because a good example, I like to use this investment. So, Rod, if you and I do each invest the same amount of money in an investment, and I invest in something that gets 7% and you invest in something that gets 8%. If we look two years later, you'll have a little bit more money, but statistically, probably not. But if we look 40 years later, you're going to have a lot more money than me. And so, just looking at a sliver of time, this is where, yes, randomized control trials are the gold standard, but they also have limitations that we have to consider as well. And so, these Mendelian randomization studies, when they came out, you look at the lifetime exposure, you can draw a straight line through it. I mean, you can literally draw a straight line through amount of LDL exposure throughout the course of someone's life and the risk for heart disease. So, to me, I had to change my opinion on that. Now, I think I'm making a little bit of a leap from saturated fat to LDL, because there are some forms of saturated fat that don't raise LDL, like steric acid doesn't appear to raise LDL. But overall, if you eat more saturated fat, you raise your LDL. We see this in the carnivore community. There's people like bragging about having LDL levels of 3, 4, 500 milligrams per desolator. And it's like, this is going to get people killed. And I think where there gets to be a conflict here, I'll come back to see the whole. So, I know I'm kind of going down the rabbit hole is people might do a carnivore diet, lose 30, 40 pounds. Their blood glucose regulation gets better. Their HDL gets better. But their LDL goes through the roof and they go number. Yeah. And they go, but I'm so much healthier now. One, you don't feel heart disease until it's knocking on your door. And two, you may on balance overall, yes, be healthier than you were before. But you are not as healthy as if you'd gotten all those benefits and also not raise your LDL. You would be healthier or having all those things and also LDL lower. So that is again, we have to be very careful when we talk about independent risk factors. Can I interrupt first second? Yeah. Yeah. You're talking about the Mendelian randomization studies. And I do want to talk about carnivore diets in a minute too. But but I've heard a lot in that community, this, you know, these studies that are cited, low LDLs actually a higher predictor of my all-cosmortality in the end. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. But but those studies that you were just talking about to me are the argument against that because they're showing people with like a natural ptsk9 like when they're having a lower level of it. And naturally just lower levels of LDL throughout their life, they have a lower all-cosmortality. They have a lower cardiovascular related mortality. And that, so to me, it's like, well, you know, the low LDL because they got sick or older, whatever is causing their LDL to drop, it's like, you know, it's a correlation. That's a reverse causality issue, right? Like people who have higher LDL later in life when it's like your risk of dying is much more related to wasting problems, you know, people who have high LDL during cancer, you're looking at a proxy for just they're not malnourished. And I very much doubt that if we actually looked at the raw numbers of LDL, I'm not familiar with it. But I doubt we were talking about elderly people with like 250 levels of LDL. I thought we're talking about people who are LDL of like looking at levels, you know, of 40 versus, you know, 190, where like getting so far down, it's because they're so malnourished and they're wasting, right? And you got to be careful about picking up these transient levels of LDL because we know LDL, transiently if you fast your LDL can go up, you know, because you're getting more you flux out of the liver, but like that overall over the course of time it goes down. So, yeah, I think again, I'm indolient randomization study. It basically a lifetime randomized control trial. I mean, it is for that, the highest quality of evidence that we have. And people will say, well, there's pleatropy, whatever. Okay, nothing's perfect. But again, we have mechanism, penetrates the indithelium. We have animal studies showing a dose response. We have, actually some human randomized control trials that do show an effect. And we have the cohort studies that show an effect when it's long enough and they use appropriate covariates. So, we have all those things lining up and we have the long-term randomized control trials. So, I'm just like, I don't need, I don't know what other kind of evidence you need to like convince you, like there's just not any, like I don't know what else we can give you, you know? And so, again, with the seedal thing, if you're looking at just, yes, it adds calories, but is it independently increasing inflammation? Like, if we're talking about actual polyunsaturated fats, like not trans fats, I mean, if you're overeating it, sure, but if you're replacing saturated fat with that, the evidence suggests it's neutral or positive. And so, you're, they're talking about a mechanism, well, those double bonds can oxidize and there can be XYZ. Okay, but what happens when just feeds the people? And then you're seeing now, some people will have said, and we talked about this, like, heating and reheating, it's probably not even like one time heating, it's probably like multiple times heating, depends on the smoke point, all that kind of stuff. But again, that's confounded by the fact that, okay, if you're heating and reheating your frying stuff, and fried food is a proxy for really poor die quality. So, again, is it the seed oils that they're frying it? Or is it the fact that these people just eat really poorly overall in these cohort studies, who are eating a lot of fried foods? Certainly in the cohort studies, right? Yeah. So, so, so, the seed oils so far, the randomized control trial evidence doesn't suggest it increases cardiovascular disease. Doesn't suggest it increases inflammatory biomarkers in the randomized genome. Yeah, and all CRP or diabetes in some of that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Now, the heated versus the non-heated, and this is where I kind of think seed oils can be bad, and that it does have to do with what you said about cohort evidence is true, right? Because you're right, you can't know, are they just frying all this like terrible food? And there's there's too many confounders, right? There's too many confounders. But there are, very few, three or four studies that have interestingly compared heating, some seed oils, a lot of times it's South Laure oil. Yeah. The heated or even repeated heating, so I once said, the 20, and then did not, and then made muffins, the same muffins. Yeah. Either the, like, I thought it was a great study. You know, the 20 times heated oil versus just the cool, like, not heated oil, and the heated oils did increase inflammatory markers, and they increased oxidized LDL. And so, and like I said, two few studies really comparing just non-heated with heated. Yeah. Because essentially, a lot of those randomized control trials showing no effect on inflammation with the seed oils, they were giving on pills that were, they weren't cooking the seed oil, right? There's putting it in the pill. So, so I do think there's a strong possibility based on the very limited evidence so far that heated seed oils might cause more inflammation compared to consuming them certainly in whole foods, but even just like putting it on a salad. Yeah. I don't know what are your thoughts to you. So it's kind of like, if we look at the priority of what's important, that's some of the last stuff I'm worried about just because I'm like, again, most people were eating over 3500 calories a day, doing less than 20 minutes of physical activity. Okay, let's get down in a control first. And if you happen to be eating some seed oils while you're getting your calories to down to, I don't know, 2500 today, not really without worried about it, right? But, you know, do I think it's a good idea to eat a lot of highly processed foods that have had seed oils that are heated and reheat, no, I don't think it's a good idea, but I don't know, we have options too, right? What about avocado oil or olive oil? Do you think that maybe just getting, yeah, I mean, like, options? You know, there was one really big cohort men analysis that was done that kind of showed that monoline saturated didn't have as big of an effect as polyontatraded as decreasing the risk of cardiovascular disease that monoline saturated still positive and saturated was negative, but polyontatraded was kind of better in a dose response. But I mean, I think for the most part, if you're worried, use olive oil, you don't look kind of. What about the phenop polyphenols in olive oil? Is there some studies showing like randomist control trials showing a beneficial effect just from uncarty of ascereuse olive oil? Yeah, I think olive oil is specifically, there's some evidence that like, it may have some unique benefits for cardiovascular disease and whatnot, um, um, like metabolic health overall. So, but again, I kind of look at that and go, okay, well, it's not as one double bond that can be oxidized. That can be, you know, based on your mechanism for polyontatraded, right? Like shouldn't olive oil still be worse than saturated as well and you can't, like, they never make that argument, or at least not that I've seen, you know? Um, so yeah, I mean, I think, again, we agree, I might agree for a different reason in that I don't know if I've seen enough to really I think if you're heating and reheating, yes, like once you get the public oxidized, those double bonds, I mean, now you're, you know, who knows what's happening down stream of that? But I think it's probably, you know, people who are eating a lot of heated and reheated oils are just eating really crappy foods overall, you know? Like I'm not really worried about somebody who's, you know, they spray their pan with canola oil and cook some eggs on it. You know, like, I'm just, I'm not worried about that. It's, you know, the person eating fries that've been refried in the same oil over the course of time. But then again, it's like, all right, well, is it the oil or is it overall? They're having a really poor quality overall diet. So I, I think for me, yes, I hold very much open the possibility that there could be some delta is effects. But I think from most people, it's one of the reasons I say have guidelines, don't have rules, right? Because if you say things like, I don't eat seed oils. Well, as a guideline, that might be okay because you're probably avoiding a lot of like hyper ultra-process hyper palatable foods, fried foods. But when you're like, you know, cooking in a bunch of butter instead of like canola oil or all of will or well, I guess not all of will. But like you're kind of missing the point, you know? And so I just want people to be a little bit more sane with how they handle this. Unfortunately, I think a lot of this boils down to there's a lot of conspiracy theories around all this kind of stuff. I mean, I've been told I've been paid off by big farm, I've been big food, you know, all, name your, name your list. I think at a fundamental level, people don't like the idea of responsibility, a personal responsibility in this and it's much more palatable to kind of say, well, you know, the food industry did this to us because they put all these things in our food supply and that's what made us all sick and you know, XYZ and there's all these, you know, the various backroom deals being, I tend to think that most stuff is much more practical than that, which is food companies want you to eat more stuff because they make more money and their share holders get more profits and that's good for business. And so if tomorrow, people stood up and were like, when I eat this process, junk anymore and we want fresh fruits, vegetables and that's all they bought, guess what, food companies would do. They would stop producing all that stuff. Or they would focus on the other stuff, right? And so I think a lot of people like the idea of having this nefarious, evil, bad guy in the food world and I think it kind of takes, it feels nice for the ego because it takes that personal responsibility away, but then it's also very disempowering as well. And so what I'll tell people is I wouldn't empower you that you can make change and it doesn't have to be like these crazy diets. You can make some really small changes and have huge benefits just by, again, whatever gets you down. Whatever decreases your energy, whether it's low carb, intermittent fasting, kept tracking your calories, omitting certain food, fine, fine, whatever gets you there. But I just don't see some of these narratives being super helpful overall because it gets people focused on the wrong stuff and it's just a very confusing overall narrative, right? Because you got for every camp that says this thing is bad, there's not a camp saying it's the best thing ever, right? And so people like to think they make decisions based on logic, most people make decisions based on emotion and most people debate is actually a really poor, it doesn't really do much. There's a small sliver of people who will change their minds. And I go back to this very classic studying politics where they took a group of Democrats and a group of Republicans and they showed both information that when I had the refute or support a preexisting belief that they already held. Same thing for both groups. What they found was it didn't matter, Democrat Republican, both things that like objectively refute it. Like here is the hard evidence. It shows that what you believe is wrong. That was just of as effective as proof that they were right as reinforcing their personal beliefs. So I tell people, when I like debate the stuff online, I'm not doing it for the person I'm debating with. I have no doubt, I'm not going to change my mind. I'm doing it for the small sliver of people who are open minds and enough to think, hmm, maybe I was wrong about my opinion. So I just think so much of this stuff, these tribal wars and nutrition are so much based on emotion and kind of creating a bad guy to blame stuff on. Because we don't want to look in the mirror and see our own personal responsibility in the role of this. And I say this for, I'll give one more comparison and I'll let you ask me another question. The news. Everyone says, you know, I hate the media, the media like gets people spun up and it like it's stressful and all is cut. You have it, you watch it, you watch it. You know what, the media don't care if they put on good news or bad news. The only thing they care about is your eyeballs. That's all they care about. If every single person in the United States told them to mom and said, I'm not watching this crap. I'm not watching negative news anymore. I promise you within six months the entire news cycle would change. Because they don't care what your eyeballs, that's it. But we know negative news gets people more engaged because they got spun up, they get fired up and emotion cells. And it's the same thing with health advice. I'm sure you've seen people who talk about things that are dangerous or things that will increase risk of death. That gets more attention than talking about the stuff that helps. And when you consider also why it's hard to talk to some of these diet tribes, people who have ingrained this is part of their, well, one, their personality. But also, their beliefs. When you bring them evidence of the contrary, what you're actually doing is assaulting their belief about their own mortality. Because if you are right, then they might be actually killing themselves faster. And most humans would rather endure cognitive dissonance than believe, oh, maybe I wasn't doing something that was good for me. I mean, we got people who who will justify like chainsmoking or any other thing, the most people end up believing what they want to believe, what they wish to be true regardless of the evidence. Well, let's talk about the other thing you mentioned that is definitely a hot topic, which is the refined trigger. And I know you've dealt deeply in this topic. It's a lot of reading of, you know, that the evidence is something that you've talked about. I want to ask you if you view consuming, refined sugar, particularly in the form of sugar sweeten beverages, you know, like something that's just liquid and sugar. If calories are the same, if people aren't overconsuming calories, do you think that's something that is still in her not that harmful, or do you think perhaps there's a reason to say, I mean, maybe we shouldn't drink sugar sweeten beverage, like, you know, I know you don't like to say that because then there's the whole psychology part, but there's diet soda, that's right. I mean, so yeah, so there's certainly not good for you. I think first off, I want to be clear, we're probably talking about a subset of the population that's really small, right, in terms of, okay, they drink sugar sweeten beverages, but don't overconsume calories. That's very small. If we look at the meta-analysis of substitution studies, where they look at, okay, sugar sweeten beverages and we don't control for intake, absolutely increases fat mass, makes meta-analysis health worse. 100% no question about it. If they look at studies where they substitute isocolorically, they don't really see a difference on sugar sweeten beverages or fruit-dose containing beverages. I think it was one of the meta-analysis I looked at, which I guess, you know, could get full, like fruit juices under that as well. So again, substitute with what? So they're looking at isocoloric exchange. So in randomized control trials, whether having people either consuming, say glucose versus a fruit-dose containing beverage, that's right. But they're both sugar, so what about not consuming, just consuming water? Okay, good, good, good, water versus any sugar. Like it doesn't have to be glucose or fruit-dose. Okay, so if we look at sugars versus, okay, sugars versus other phoma carbohydrate, okay, so substitution studies by the phomes of carbohydrates. Well, I'm talking about a specific type of sugar without a food matrix. Right, it's a liquid, 40 grams in a can if you have two of those, it's 80, right. So I'm just saying, like, like, consuming a high sugar beverage with no food matrix, not like substituting a carbohydrate food because it's different. Right, I mean, again, and I believe one of the meta-analysis I said was, like, again, it's hard to get into it, but it was sugar-sweetened beverages when they control for calories. They don't see some of these deleterious effects on inflammation or body weight or whatever. But again, I think that's probably a really small percentage of the population, because most people don't go, they don't drink a coke and go, well, that was 40 grams of sugar, so that means I'm not going to have a little cereal. I mean, they're just drinking it on top of whatever their normal diet is, right? So it's a very, very small percentage of population. Now, is it possible at a higher dose of, you know, several cans of the stuff today? Could there be some uniquely deleterious effects? Sure, I mean, I hope, although open that possibility, I think the issue is more so when you're consuming so much of it, whenever negative deleterious effects are probably lost in the wash of so much energy toxicity, right, because you're getting so much negative effects from that. So yeah, I hold up with the possibility it could be uniquely deleterious, but I mean, I would tell anybody, we want the first things I look for in people when we're working with them. That's all right, do you drink serious sweeten beverages? All right, let's cut those out, right? Now, we come to, you know, I know we've talked about artificially sweeten beverages, because people will say, and here's where, again, messaging can have unintended consequences. People will say, well, you don't want to have artificial diet sodas, because they're just as bad as regular sodas, come up with a bunch of different mechanisms to try to validate that. No, objectively not, like in the human randomized control trials where they have people say either drink soda or use diet soda, very consistently people lose weight. And like actually a pretty good amount of weight, there was a year-long randomized control trial. I think what people lost, like seven and a half kilograms, just by substituting diet soda for regular soda. And I mean, what I do content on this, I'll get people all the time comment, like all I did was stop drinking regular soda and substitute in diet soda and I lost 50 pounds, right? Now, what usually the next thing that people say is, well, why don't they just drink water? Okay, again, I'm trying to meet people where they're at. Okay, some people have developed a habit, behavior, whatever it is, I'm drinking soda. Water is great. If I can drink water, fantastic. But you're going to have a hard time convincing me, they're not better off being 15 pounds, 20 pounds, 50 pounds lighter by using diet soda compared to regular soda, right? And in several randomized control trials and meta analyses now, where they compare substituting regular soda with either water or diet soda, they actually see diet soda produced more weight loss than water. Now, it's not because diet soda is a fat burner or anything like that. It's probably because people are seeking out that sweet taste somewhere else when they have water, right? They still lost weight with a water group, like it wasn't, and it wasn't a big difference between the water and diet soda group. But you can't really say, like you may go all the arguments you want about like brain signaling and whatever, but obviously it doesn't matter enough because these people are losing weight. And the other thing I've heard is, you know, well, it causes an insulin response. Okay, there's several meta analyses now to show that that doesn't happen with any of the sweeteners that we know of. There was one study where they gave sucralose alone, sucralose plus carbohydrate or carbohydrate alone and saw sucralose plus carbohydrate caused a greater insulin response. But in my opinion, that study was not an appropriate control group, because they were matching sweet taste between the sucralose plus carbohydrate group and the carbohydrate group. Because I think the primary measure was actually like sweet taste in the brain, looking at that. And then this other stuff for secondary measures. So they did the right thing by trying to match taste or sweetness level. But the problem is, I believe, I don't think they used sucrose for the carbohydrate only group and they used multidextrin for carbohydrate plus sucralose because multidextrin is not a sweet sucrose. But it has a much greater glycemic response than sucrose does. And so I don't think you can really say it's like saying it's carbohydrate plus sucralose. No, it's multidextrin plus sucralose. And so if we look at the meta-analysis, they just don't support any kind of insulin response. And what I would say is, okay, if you're getting a significant insulin response, why don't we have people just passing out left to the right who are having diet sodas from hypoglycemia? Because if you're having increased insulin with no glucose coming in, your blood sugar is going to drop. Or the other explanation is, well, maybe if there is an increase in insulin, there must also be a corresponding increase in glucose on to offset that, which means all that stuff is going to be washed out since those two counteract each other. But again, there's no real data suggesting increases in insulin. And then the other thing that gets tossed around is the gut microbiome. Which I am interested, most of the studies show no effect, but sucralose in particular does appear to have an impact on the gut microbiome. I have Susanne Defkota, came out of the same lab that I did to my PhD and then she's a microbiome expert. I've talked a few other experts and looked at the research data. And my take was pretty similar to their take, which was, hey, we know the gut microbiome changes. We don't really, we only have a rough idea of what a good, bad, or neutral changes. And like, for example, in one of the studies looking at sucralose, they actually saw an increase in the proportion of a bacteria. And I'll probably put you the name of Black, Black, how do you, uh, coquitas? I want to say it is, something like that. You know how these Latin names are. But that species of bacteria is actually associated with better insulin sensitivity, less fat mass, and better overall blood glucose regulation. And so, okay, well, I can kind of make the argument that maybe sucralose is a positive effect on overall health. Based on that, now I don't know, and I'm not ready to say anything like that. My point being is we don't really know. Now, if you're worried, you use something different than sucralose. I know you like Stivia, you know, there's, um, Asperteam is actually very safe, um, and people say, what about cancer? Okay. So here, here's the thing. Again, negative news selection bias. You're a much more likely to hear about a study where something causes cancer than has no effect. How often do you hear a study like, X showed no effect on cancer? I can't think of, like, the last time I heard a study get propagated in the news about that. Like, the null hypothesis just doesn't pop up that much. So, um, 80% of the studies on Asperteam show no effect on cancer, like, I think something like 11% are like a possibly, and 9% are a yes. Can't buy animal studies. But the ones in, and it's all, the ones that say yes, are all the ones in animals and high doses, or, you know, you have some of these cohort studies where kind of like pops up here and there. Um, but for me, to feel confident that something, for me to feel confident something with cohort data, I want to see it like really consistently like fiber, very confident that fiber is good for health, cardiovascular disease, cancer, mortality, because I am not aware of a single study looking at fiber and taking a cohort that did not show protective effects and in a dose response matter. So I'm pretty confident that data. But if you look at, like, for example, Asperteam in a study of the, you familiar with the Nutri-Santi cohort, um, it's a 100,000 person study out of France from like, probably three, four, five years ago. And I think it was, I want to say it was a 20 year cohort, and they, one of the big headlines was Asperteam increased the risk of cancer. So I went into the data and looked at it. So what the headline left out was from non-consumers of it to low moderate consumers, it increased cancer by, I think, a relative risk of like 15%, which was significant. And then the high consumers were not significantly increased risk of cancer. The high consumer, like a relative risk increase of like a non-s than statistical, like four, five percent. I'm not aware of anything that's actually christenogenic that is, christenogenic at a low level and then not at a high level. No, that doesn't make any sense. Right. And so I think again, for me to be convinced by some of this stuff, it would need to be as just not consistent. And it's kind of like, I mean, I use this example to carnivores now. You're going to be happy. I'm going to make you more happy. I'm not convinced that red meat is an independent risk factor for cancer because these studies are confounded by the fact that red meat typically is kind of a proxy for poor die quality, because most people sources of red meat in the American diet are fatty, they're processed. The studies looking at unprocessed red meat and cancer risk are all over the place. And when they control for die quality, and there was a really, in my opinion, an elegant study, a cohort out of Canada. And I think it was by researching a maximum of, I want to say, maximum of maximum of a maximum of something. And they looked at turtiles of unprocessed red meat intake and turtiles of fruit investible intake. So you had low medium and high of each. At low end takes of fruit investibles, meat, un-red meat had a negative impact on cancer. And high in takes of fruits and vegetables, and high intake of red meat, there was actually a protective effect of red meat on cancer. I think it was like a relative risk of 0.78. It's like a 22% relative risk reduction. I can't remember it was statistically different. But the point being, you're looking at overall die quality. Because if you're eating a lot of unprocessed red meat and a lot of fruits and vegetables, you don't have much room for junk, right? So again, you don't see that stuff pop up consistently in the cohorts or in like the dose response that you were expecting again. I've kind of had this debate with the people more on the plant-based side who have said, well, you know, shouldn't you, like that's just showing that high fruit investments can offset the negative effects of red meat. And I'm like, if something's an independent risk factor, it's going to raise the risk at every single level of everything else, right? So take LDL for instance. Yes, if you have high HDL and low LDL and low inflammation, you have a lower risk than somebody who has high LDL and high inflammation and low HDL, right? But at take inflammation, at low inflammation, high LDL, with low inflammation, stores a higher risk than low LDL at low inflammation. And at high inflammation, high LDL still increase risk above low LDL at both those levels. That is when we determine something as an independent risk factor. Because independent of everything else, it raises the risk and we just don't see that. So again, coming back to after-tame diet soda, wrapping this all together, I view diet soda as you have to be careful people demonizing it because what they think will happen, okay, well, people will just drink water. No, people will just keep drinking soda. And so why not give them this tool that appears to really be a pretty big lever for not much cost? What about, okay, so non-nutritive sweeters, there's definitely, you know, there's the artificial sweeteners that you're talking about, the secret, the secret loss, the aspertame, saccharine, right? And there's the the more natural ones among fruits, DBS. What I'm getting from you and I just want to make sure it's clear is that people that are consuming these sugar sweetened beverages, if they substitute them with a diet soda, which has aspertame, right? Usually, yes, they have superlose. Okay, other than that, yeah, so if I'm okay, as well, that's what I like. Then it's clearly a benefit. Studies show it, they're losing weight, I mean, you know, more than a ball of the healthy. More about metabolic healthy. Let's take about, let's talk about someone who doesn't drink soda, it's like that are sugar sweetened and they're lean and they're kind of just like, there's some people out there that like diet coke a day. Like, not because they are getting off of their their coke habit, but because they like diet coke for whatever reason, maybe it's the caffeine, maybe something about the taste, I don't know what it is, but those people exist, like, sure. So, diet coke a day, you know, what is that, do you do feel confident that we talked a lot about the aspertame data and it definitely seems a little bit all over the place. Cancer does take, of course, it's to sugar and there's a cumulative damage and dose may matter, maybe one a day, but like, is there an uncertainty there that you might say, well, maybe we don't really know at the end of the day, or are do you feel like one a day? Well, now I'm going to get met on you and say, I don't believe anything for certain. All right. But I have data, I, you know, bet my life on, bet my leg on, bet my foot on, bet my toe on, you know, we drink a diet coke today. Yeah, I drink a diet coke. Yeah, you drink a diet coke a day and I don't feel like you're, I wouldn't even feel increasing or mortality or cancer. I don't, I don't present it to my kids, my kids drink water because that's what they ask for, but I wouldn't feel worried about them having one diet soda a day. I mean, if we look at, you know, take acid for tame for example, by the way, I'm sure that comments are going to get me in trouble. Um, should we take acid for tame for nothing worse than parents shaming? We take acid for tame for example. I mean, we know what it's metabolized into. It's two amino acids and it gets metabolized in the phenololene and acid for tape and then, um, methanol, whichever. Right? Well, it's a very, very, like the amount of diet soda you'd have to drink to get up to a level of methanol that would cause problems is, you would die from electralite depletion first, right, from like basically drowning yourself. And people say, what about bio accumulation? Well, as far as I know, methanol doesn't really do that. There's a way to process it out of your body. Unless you're consuming so much consistently that your body never starts getting rid of it, you know, just like ethanol. There's a way to process it out of your body, unless you're exceeding your body's rate of capacity to eliminate it. So, yeah, for small for like those levels of diet soda, I'm just not worried about it. I mean, again, one thing my professor really hammered home into my head is, you can never be certain of my things. When people say there's proof, don't think you're speaking scientifically because you can never really prove something in science. You can support hypotheses with data. You can disprove stuff. You can have some things that there's so much overwhelming data we just accepted as true. But, you know, we have had things that we have held very closely to, we thought were true that ended up, we were slightly off. Or, you know, I will say like most of my things that I ended up changing my mind on, I never planted my flag super strong about it. Like even a protein distribution, even though it's a big protein distribution guy. I never saw all of your, like, not distributing your protein while you can't make gains. You know, like I never said something like that. And so, I think actually, that was one of the major issues with COVID and the, the, the distrusting science is science is supposed to be a very behind the curtain thing, right? Like, a scientist debate about stuff, we do studies in like 30 years after that. We come to a consensus and we go, we think this, right? And instead, everybody got to see the scientific process, play out real life, which was, well, this study says this and this study says this and, well, that control wasn't appropriate with this here and we were trying to sail the ship while we were trying to build the ship, you know? And I said, right, the start. I said, 20 years from now, be able to look back and say, we should have done this. But we couldn't. And unfortunately, it's led to like this really pervasive distrust in science. In fact, whenever I get into, you know, presenting people with evidence, what they end up defaulting to is, why is it not trust science? Because it can just be, it's just be fake. It just be bought, you know? I'm like, that's, do studies get fake? Sure. That's much less that happens than just poor design and, um, like, or designs or peaking or designs that are designed in such a way that it looks like you're testing two things, but you're not going to actually see a difference, you know? So, very rarely, and I tell people this, almost without fail. When I see a study with a headline, it's something I don't agree with or it's contrary to what I think the evidence says. When I go in and read the methods and I read the results, 99.9% of the time I go, oh, I see why they found what they found. Right? And you have to remember, conclusions from studies are just an author's opinion. And you kind of alluded to this earlier, but people ask me, account of accused me of like being in an ivory tower, like, well, do you really need a PhD to read research studies? And I'm like, no, I guess you could figure it out, but I tell you what, my, as well, we're going to PhD by the time you had enough experience to actually do it well, because it is very difficult if you don't have the experience to understand these studies and the practical limitations of them as well. And I'll give you one more example. There was a study done looking at, um, resistance training of a certain circuit, and I knew the researcher, right? And he's giving this presentation. And it was a certain, uh, like, um, order of exercises. And I said, hey, Chad, why did you guys do a manette order? Is there something special about that? And he goes, oh, no, it was a 10 by 10 room is all the way we get to people at the same time by doing that order. So you realize, like, scientific studies are so limited. They are big blunt instruments. And that's why I just don't get excited about like a couple studies anymore. I wait till there's a lot because I always hold open the idea that I could be wrong on some of this stuff. You know, but again, I, I, I, I tell people, I don't plant my flag real strong usually. And if I do, you probably should pay attention because I used to believe, again, that like, um, diet so it was for bad for you. I used to believe that L. L. cholesterol wasn't, wasn't, uh, respect of her heart disease. I used to believe that intermittent fasting was, you know, bad for muscle that like you wouldn't be able to build much muscle on your mind. I've changed my opinion on all these things, you know, because I just saw enough data. But again, I was never super strong my flag on the front end. It was more like, I don't think all the all's the risk factor because of this, but, you know, like, it wasn't the, all the all's actually good for you. You should try to pump those numbers up. But I think people just fall into such black and white thinking. Like the carnivore diet. I, I definitely want to talk to you about that. Um, you, you talked about it a little bit. I, you know, it's, it's kind of like the C to L thing, you know, where it's like, you've taken it head on. Um, and I, I like talking about, I really want to talk about it with you because I don't think people can accuse you as the anti-meat guy. Clearly. I get accused of it. I get a full size vegans and carnivores hate me. Not all vegan. Well, that's ridiculous. National vegans like me. There's clearly a lot of people that experience benefits from going on a carnivore diet and all me diet. I also hear them say things like plants are bad for you. You mentioned that fiber is bad for you. It's fun. It's interesting. I'm trying to figure out what that's coming from. But, you know, what's your take on it? Like in terms of, you know, why are they they're experiencing the benefits? You kind of talked a little bit about it. Why they're experiencing experiencing some of these benefits? Like autoimmune diseases, the big one, right? Their autoimmune issues kind of resolved. But like long term for some people. Yeah, but long term, you know, like we don't have, do we have even data on on this? No, there's no data. So there's a lot of belief in this based on how you feel. I guess, or perhaps some biomarkers. But, you know, a plants are bad for you. Fibers bad for you. Like what's what's your take? Clearly, there's something going on. People are experiencing things that are real. So I'm big on symmetrical application of logic. If you were going to use a certain line of logic, you have to apply it symmetrically. You can't just apply it asymmetrically. But asymmetrical application is usually what people do. What I mean by that is let's take the plants or toxic thing. Right? There are people out there who will say, well, broccoli has this compound in it, which is a carcinogen. I think I saw some physician doctor saying there's 76 known carcinogens in plants. And I'm like, if you extracted like the chemical composition out and like overfett him in high doses, maybe, okay, but what actually happens in the people eat plants? Like a plants are trying to kill us. They're doing a really crappy job. Like they are failing miserably because people eat more plants and live longer. And so, okay, why are we not applying that towards compounds in meat? Pedal cyclic means, he mired, polyamonic hydrocarbons in UE5GC. And when you bring that to a carnivore, I was debating, oh, that's just hormesis. I'm like, well, well, how convenient that the compounds that might be carcinogenic are hormetic for the stuff you like, but the stuff you don't like to eat is toxic. I'm like, but this is like the Olympic level mental gymnastics they have to do to convince themselves because again, they believe that they're actually doing something healthy for themselves. Now, I want to be very clear. Some people do carnivore and they get healthier. I'm not saying that can't happen. I am simply saying you would be even more healthy if you also included fiber in that. If you also included fruits and vegetables. Now, I think a lot of these people are people with undyneostide BS. People with gut issues, digestive issues, and what is carnivore? It is an elimination diet. And so, what happens when people who have gut and autoimmune disorders go on elimination diets a lot of times, they feel better. Okay, but elimination diet is meant so that you can then add back things and see what you tolerate versus not tolerate. Many people, I mean, fodmap sensitivities. Many people have fodmap sensitivities aren't even aware of it. So they cut out fruits and vegetables, which can be high in fodmaps. And they feel better. Okay, so then start adding them in one by one and see what you tolerate. And I think the other thing that can point out is there is a lot of selection bias that goes on here. Which is, if you look at these carnivore groups because I've been in them because I watch, there are only really people who are getting positive benefits of the ones that are allowed. And the people who don't, they get gas lit, bullied, they get accused of like sneaking in, carbohydrates or plants, and the responses, and we'll just add more fats, add more animal fats. If they're having problems with constipation or whatever it is. And it's funny, I was on the bait with Paul Saladino on Mark Bell's podcast years ago. And I think I came across poorly on that podcast because one, I wasn't super familiar with his entire position. And I was so flabbergasted by it. It took me like an hour to just recover and like get my wits back about me. And he pulled up this his postulation at the time was fiber is toilet paper. You might have done it just it. Why would you put that in you? Well, fiber isn't just like toilet paper like there's this thing called soluble from a mental fiber that actually is the main fuel for the gut microbiome. And of all the things we know that actually help with the gut microbiome, that's like the biggest lever is for a mental, soluble fiber and that produces things like buterate, propyleneate, which have positive metabolic health benefits in many randomized control trials. So that's one, but he pulls out this study that I never heard of before. And it was a study where people who had constipation eliminated fiber and a lot of them reported improvement in their systems. So it's self reported and there's no control group. I'm like okay, but the mental analysis show overall that fiber helps with going to the bathroom with pooping, like it helps. Okay, maybe some people feel better by eliminating it. Right? Okay, I can I can see a place for that. But again, it's not that kind of where has this magic it's that you're taking things out of your diet that were probably aggravating you. They were aggravating your digestion, producing excess gas, you're having pain, bloating. And again, this is another one where people go, I was very inflamed. I'm like yeah, what was your CRP? What was it? What's that? Well, that's what you used to measure and explain. Well, my gut hurt. I was bloated. No, no, that is localized inflammation and response to something going on there. That is not the same thing as the inflammation that raised the risk of heart disease and cancer and that sort of thing. So what I would say to people is, hey, if you want to eat like a meat-based diet, I still don't think it's a great idea, but like you don't have to have like four rib eyes a day. You can choose leaner cuts of meat. You can have fish, you know, and my not working some fruits and vegetables. And if you have digestive problems with those, Adam and one at a time and see which one doesn't give you digestive distress. And I think unfortunately, this becomes so much like a religion for people because they just, I think a lot of them don't like eating vegetables and so it becomes an excuse to not eat vegetables. You know, we believe what we want to believe. And again, the asymmetrical application of logics for interesting to me. So there's a lot of kind of where I can advocate out there that say epidemiology's garbage. In fact, Paul Saladino had a video titled Epidemiology is garbage. Like okay. And then when he was on another podcast, he was citing Epidemiology. And I'm like, whew, whew, whew, whew, whew, whew, whew. So epidemiology's garbage unless it's Epidemiology that you agree with. But he's not alone in that. There's a lot of people who did that. And then here comes this like internet survey that was published by Harvard about people, I think it was in Harvard. But it was like a self reported internet survey of people like reporting like certain things improving on carnival diet. I'm like, wait, so 20 year cohorts studies with appropriate covarients are garbage. But a self reported internet survey, that's high quality evidence. Okay. I mean, again, it's like if you're going to apply a certain type of logic, you have to be consistent with that. And again, what I'll say is, hey, I just laid out how I don't think red meat is an independent risk factor for cancer. I'm not convinced about that. Very unconvinced about that. But if red meat had the data that dietary fiber had about reducing the risk of cancer, heart disease, and mortality, you carnivores would lose your absolute minds if anybody dared suggest that it wasn't good for you. And so it just very clearly points out the asymmetrical application of logic and getting more to dietary fiber, it fulfills almost every single aspect of what we, what I need to be considered strong evidence, which is we know the mechanisms, you know, in terms of insoluble fiber decreases gut transit time, decreases the risk of diverticulitis, which probably is a risk factor for developing colon cancer at some point. There's some idea that by having less gut transit time that the toxins that are in are digesta, that wind up in stool, that they have less time to interact with those intestinal cells. And so by getting red of it faster, that reduces your risk of colorectal cancer. So I will fiber the effects on the gut microbiome, the production of short chain fatty acids, and also the lowering of LDL cholesterol. So we have those and improvement in glucose metabolism in insulin sensitivity. We have those mechanisms. Not to mention the micronutrients, vitamins and minerals that are co-injustible in those plants and fruits. Yeah. In the food matrix. And that, and actually what's interesting is one of the first seminars I went to as a graduate student, there was a professor that I talk about, like a penance of meadows and all those kind of stuff and at the end we're asking questions and he goes, you know what? You have a really hard time beating mother nature's kitchen. And I really like what he said, which is, you know, whenever we try to extract these individual compounds out of food, we never, not never, rarely do we see the same beneficial effects as consuming the whole food itself to your point about the food matrix, right? So yeah, there's a pathway there. There's biochemical pathways there. We may not ever be able to like really pick them out in terms of priority of what it, but the, the, the thing to remember. And I tell this to people, every food you eat probably activates something positive and negative. The question is not whether things in it will activate positive and negative pathways. And even now I get the heat BGB's about because, you know, a pathway is probably only negative if it's dysregulated because your body evolved to keep you alive. But can activate good and bad things. The question is, what is the overall outcome of that? Right? Like you said, Tyler, I'm sorry, aspirin activates pro-crime-grunt and anti-crime-grunt pathways, but the overall effect is anti-crime-grunt regulation. Plants fruits and vegetables. So both any food, mac, to activate positive and negative pathways, but the question is, like, what's the overall effect? Right? Because if we try to tease apart every individual biochemical pathway, it's going to be really hard to wrap that back together. And again, with fiber, there's also a dose response. We see a dose response in these cohort studies. And again, if we do a forest plot of studies showing benefit or showing harm, literally every single study is on the side of benefit. So I just don't know how much more data you need, just because fiber might, some sources of fiber might make your tummy hurt, doesn't mean fibers bad for you. I don't know how much more else I can lay that out, you know? I 100% agree that there's just an overwhelming amount of evidence that fiber is beneficial, plants, vegetables, fruits, beneficial. There's randomized controlled trials, there's the observational data. I mean, you just, you can't ignore that. I don't even like eating vegetables either. I just do it because I know it's good for me. Okay, we're running out of time. I do. There's another topic I want to cover. I also want to ask you about personal routine, but the topic is something that you and I have probably but it had with, but it heads with a little bit, at least on social media in the past years ago. I don't know that's like been recent. And that has to do with time of shorty dating. Okay. And, you know, a form of intermittent fasting. So my question to you is, well, first of all, I want to, I want to say this. Over the years my view of certain benefits of what I think of time of shorty dating has changed as more data has come in. And specifically referring to the fact that there are studies out there that have calculated if people are just in their free-living environment and they're naturally doing time of shorty dating and they actually are doing it. They do decrease their calorie intake. Correct. Between 200 to 500 depending on how short of a time when older you're in the food. And so if you don't consider the calories that they are restricting, the weight loss benefits seem to go away when you then consider the calories. So in other words, if they don't restricting, aren't restricting calories, the time restricting that effect on weight loss seems to go away. That's correct. Now, so I didn't always believe that, but as more data came out, I now say, okay, well, this seems to be real, for sure. There are a lot of types of time restricted eating. There's like six hour window you're eating in, eight hour window. There's even 10 hours, which I don't think you're going to get a big difference if you're comparing 10 to 12. But other effects of time restricting dating. Do you think there is a circadian component to time restricting, right? There is a circadian component. You are eating human-s are dire. No creatures were eating within our time window. When our circadian rhythm is more metabolically inclined to process glucose and fatty acids and everything. Do you think there is a possibility of a benefit of time restricted eating, like independent of calories? I think there's a possibility, but I think based on the research I've seen, if it does exist, it's probably pretty small. You do, in some studies actually post about this, I think yesterday, you do in some studies, see some of the more transient markers have an effect with, like, especially like early time restricted eating versus continuous feeding. But you don't, at least to my knowledge, I haven't really seen one that shows a difference like HBA one C or Homa IR or those sorts things, which you tend to see is like fasting, bug glucose, fasting, insulin, maybe a little bit lower than the early time restricted eating. Which I think it's possible, it's possible that is a real effect, it is. I think it's also possible that, okay, well, if there are early time restricted eating and they finish eating in like one PM and they're not eating until 80 in the next day when they're going to blood draw, where's the person who is just regular eating, each right before bed, gets a blood draw the next day? I think it's possible that might explain that small difference. Now, I could be wrong and so there could be a small extra benefit to it. Blood pressure, have you seen the blood pressure one? I haven't seen the blood pressure one. That's the six hour, I think it was Verde from Chicago. Blood pressure was, it was, again, calories were equated, so there was no weight loss. There was the fasting bug glucose, but the blood pressure was, that was the thing that was most interesting to me because it was like size effects that you get with anti-hypertensive treatment drugs, which was very interesting. That's something, I mean, there's again, you're getting into the potential cardiometabolic effects, there needs to be more research, but I just wanted to see if you're, what your stance is. Again, that's where I'm like, I'd like to see how the timing of the measurement effects it, right? So I would like to see what I would like to see is somebody do a study just like that, but when they do their final blood draw and blood pressure, they do the same length fasted from the day before, right? So that you're equating that fasting period before those things, because again, I think blood pressure responds relatively acutely to a lot of different things. Stress, if you just ate, you have a higher blood pressure, do you have to solve your senior blood. So, I think it's possible and I hold open that possibility. I think what I tell people is like practically, it's probably very little difference and so I look at practically, is this something that you can implement in your life and make a lifestyle and the answer is yes, by all means it's a great tool, right? Like it's a great tool. It's one of your only levers, the levers you have are dietary restriction, like low carb, low fat, plant-based, whatever, calorie tracking restriction, right? We were tracking stuff, or timer restriction. Those are your three levers you can really pull in terms if you want to put things in the buckets, right? And you can combine them if you want to. But, whatever gets you consistent, that is the biggest thing. And so for some people, they love timer-stricted eating. You know, I've had people say like, hey, I eat in this eight hour window, six hour window, I don't feel hungry, I'm good. And so I think where people, the messaging can get confusing again, is like people say, well, there's some evidence of early-time restricted means better. Okay, but what happens if somebody is like not being adherent to that because they get hungry at night, and then they end up binging at night, because they're, well, I already screwed up my feeding window, I just want to just have whatever I want, right? And so I think the messaging has, it's important to understand why these things work, right? And so we would both agree, okay, if there's a benefit, it's probably small, and the biggest lever is making sure you're just being consistently, you know, controlling those that calorie intake. And so the benefit of timer-stricted eating is for many people, they don't have to track and they'll limit their calories that way. But I have met people who they use time-stricted eating is basically an excuse to binge eat during their feeding window. And for them, that's not going to work very well, right? And so the other thing to get to brought up a lot is kind of, you know, a top-of-a-g, and then longevity. And so what I'll say is, yes, time-restricted eating raises a top-a-g, but so does calorie restriction, and so does exercise. Yeah, I'll turn. And also with a top-of-a-g, I think, again, this is where it's like, using terms as, like, it's good bad. I mean, a top-of-a-g is elevated in some cancers. It's elevated in some ways to disease. I mean, we're talking about life as a little protein degradation, essentially. And so, you know, I just try to remind people, like, thinking about stuff in black and white is probably not the way you want to do it, right? Now, I think the issue with trying to understand something like a top-of-a-g is really, you'd have to almost do studies looking at a top-of-a-g, where you're equating like weekly calories, like if you want to get in the morning stream versions of fasting, and then looking, okay, what is the overall net effect? Because, all right, let's say you're doing alternate day fasting, right? Like a more stream version of fasting. Absolutely. I've no doubt that on your day of fasting, your, your top-of-a-g is going up. But then if we are equating calories, right, you're going to be eating much more on your feeding day than a person who's just eating the same amount of calories every single day is. If we're equating apples to apples, right? And so, when you're eating more, that tends to reduce top-of-a-g. And so what's the overall net effect? Right? I don't know. I don't know the answer, but I would suspect based on other things I've seen, that it's probably going to be really no difference. Then it is a tool to control calories, and that was what affects the top-of-a-g. On longevity, I mean, really, there's some animal studies, there's some in vitro stuff as well. I think, and even the calorie restriction stuff, I think I have a kind of a unique take on this because I've done animal research. So there's nothing, I'm aware. I mean, there's a couple rodent studies looking at a time-restricted eating where they suggested a longevity benefit. I think rodent model is probably a poor model for longevity because rodents grow throughout the course of their life. They know humans kind of peek at around 20, and then they kind of stay level. I mean, obesity not was standing, and then they started to climb later in life. Very different growth curve from rodents. Now rodents are good models for other things, like protein metabolism, decent model for glucose metabolism, but for longevity, I'm not convinced. Now, if we look at the monkey study, the primate studies, we see the calorie restriction effects on primates. Right? And so I think, but I'm not even convinced it's calorie restriction. And here's why. Because I know how these studies are done. Because when you're looking at lab animals, you just look at what they normally eat, and then you cut 20, 30 percent out and you go, that's calorie restriction. But I've pulled up these studies and looked at the chart of these animals' weights. They don't like keep dropping. There's like maybe a little drop, and then it just kind of platoes. Right? Like they don't really lose much weight if at all. Animals tend to overeat in captivity. And when you look at the odds ratios of what obesity does for longevity, what I think is happening and what I think you're seeing is these animals just don't become obese and they don't gain excess amounts of body fat. And so calorie restriction, it's probably better put as it's just preventing excess body fat. Because if you take that at face value, if you're truly in a calorie deficit, you're in tall, you'll die. Eventually you'll die. So I think a lot of this is literally can be boiled down to, just don't become obese. Don't have excess body fat. And you don't have to be super lean, either. Like actually the mortality data suggests if you're super lean, that's probably not good either. There's some aspects of that that I tend to think that people who are very lean are probably extreme in other ways. And those aspects of their life probably contribute to the mortality rate. But like 15-20 percent body fat, if you're a male, appears to be a very protective effect for mortality compared to being 30-40 percent body fat. And so again, I am very convinced that excess body fat is really bad for metabolic health, cardiovascular, cancer, and mortality. But how you get to a normal body weight or lean body weight, I think it's way less important than actually just getting there. Got it. I think a lot of people are interested in what lanes, weekly. Routine is like in terms of your, you know, the workout, your diet supplement is there like a supplement that is, you know, in the fitness industry, you think is like a no-brainer. Like you can't actually be taking. So I'd love to kind of end with your personal routine. Yeah. And full disclaimer, I own a supplement company out with nutrition. And so I have some bias here. But I feel relatively, I tell people, I don't put anything in it that I wasn't using beforehand. It wasn't pretty, felt pretty strong about. So routine-wise, it does vary because I travel a lot for things like this. And I have my kids week on week off, because I share custody, split custody. And so we've got the kids, you know, it's summer now, so it's a little bit different. But usually I'm up early, go getting them ready for school, taking them to school, get back, work day starts around 830. Usually, like, you know, I'll wake up. If I'm taking the kids to school, I'll just pound a protein check or something like that, just so I get some protein in, hold me over, take them to school, get back, have some caffeine, whether it's coffee, energy drink, whatever, which is by the way, caffeine is the original, like, new tropic cognitive enhancer, pretty consistent data on that. And then I'll start work whether it's emails, we're putting content, reading research, a lot of actual my time as I look on social media for what people are talking about, and see if it's something I want to talk about. I handle all my own social media, so that's a lot of what I do on a day-to-day basis, posting, you know, I like to read the comments to see what people are talking about, other questions I have. And then usually, like, I'll have lunch, and then I'll go train in the afternoon, and that will last three hours, depending on, like, I've got World Championships coming up in 11 weeks in South Africa, and so yeah, like my training time per week is like 12 to 15 hours, like it's a lot of time. And so I'll usually, on weeks out of the kids, I try to train Monday through Friday and then take the weekends off so that I can just spend the time with the kids on the weekend. Is there a reason you train in the afternoon? Is it? I just feel better. I just feel better. And usually if I haven't had great sleep, if I have some time to kind of wake up, I go better, but like if I go early in the morning, I just notice that my performance isn't as good. I don't like getting a few meals in before I go train. So, and then, like, once I finish training, I'll get back. I have a nanny who helps me with the kids, so she, like, I take the kids to school, but then she picks them up. My son is on the Spectrum E's ASD, and so she takes him to ABA therapy, and then she'll pick my daughter up. So, do like homework with her, and she'll do tutoring and whatnot. And then, both kids will come back to my house at like five o'clock, which is about the time where I finish training and finish all my work. And then I'm dad for the evening, right? And then once I go to bed, I might, like, any emails, I got to fire out or something like that. But mostly, I'm just unwinding, I'll watch the sunset, I'll watch TV show, whatever, right? Weak so don't have the kids. Usually, if I travel, that's when I travel. Still try to train the afternoon, but obviously, like, it can be kind of walky to putting on how things go. And pardon me. Um, I'm a week so I don't have the kids if I'm in Tampa. Usually, I'm working a little bit longer in terms of, I'll wake up a little bit later. I try to think of too much later because I don't want to get off. I just noticed that being consistent at the time I wake up actually helps a lot, even if I get less sleep. Um, but all wake up, I'll start work after breakfast. I'll get most away through my work, go train, get home, watch a sunset, have dinner, watch a sunset, then I'll go do some more work. And then usually, like, finish up with that, watch a TV show or play in a video game or just something like, de-plugged my mind. What kind of meals do you eat? I'm in a diet that protein. Honestly, I usually back cooked protein, so I'll cook a lot of chicken breast up just so I have quick, easy, accessible protein because carbs and fats are pretty easy. You know? Um, but, you know, sources that you would expect, you know, for proteins, chicken breast, Greek yogurt, lean red meat, lean pork, fish, eggs, those sorts of sources of protein for carbohydrates. Again, what you'd expect for vegetables, rice, oatmeal, one of my favorites is I love popcorn. That's like my, my treat because it actually is very high in fiber. People don't realize, especially if you air pop it or there's some brands who actually are really high in fiber and not super high in fat. I love that. So I'll have that. Um, it's a great way to get in 10 grams of fiber and it takes you a long time to eat it, so it's very satiating as well. Um, and then like, um, I actually do use quite a few frozen meals. Again, I don't let the enemy of good be perfection, because I mean, if I spend all my time cooking, it's just, or I'm hiring like a personal chef. I mean, that's a lot of expense. And so I do use some frozen meals that are hiring protein, hiring fiber. And, uh, usually, and I, I'll have like a small bowl of ice cream, or maybe a cookie or something like that. And that's like my little treat that I enjoy. Uh, sometimes before training, if I'm like kind of rushing, I might have like some gummy bears or something like that, just to give me some quick glucose. So I make sure that I've, you know, got something in circulation. Um, but for the most part, you know, my diet's about what you'd expect. Uh, supplement wise. I mean, if I had to build my Mount Rushmore of supplements, it is very clearly three supplements. It is creatinine monohydrate, caffeine, way protein. The amount of research data on all three of those is enormous, and honestly, especially for creatinine. I just can't see an argument at this point, not to take it. Because of the cognitive benefits, there appears to be benefits on memory formation, even short term. There was a study that just came out showing like 30 plus grams of creatinine at a sitting actually, acutely increased memory formation, which I was very surprised by. Um, depression, there was a study that showed that creatinine helped a little bit with the symptoms of depression. Uh, again, cognition, possibly cognitive decline. And then of course, all the lean mass strength benefits, performance benefits that we talk about. And it's very, very safe. I mean, if you take creatinine, you might see your creatinine levels go up. Your, it doesn't mean your kidneys are failing or anything like that. Again, there's so many long, randomized control trials looking directly at kidney function, showing the creatinine does not negatively impact kidney function. The one thing that I hear pop up consistently now, as well, causes a hairless. No, one study in 2009 showed that increased DHT, okay, which is a metabolite of testosterone. It didn't show any changes in the precursor or the thing that comes after DHT. And so how is this happening? Right? Like, where is this happening? I mean, it must be directly affecting the enzyme that catalyzes the conversion if we believe this, right? But again, even if it was true, an increase in DHT is not the same thing as showing leharoloss, right? You're showing a surrogate marker showing the mechanism. And it's never been replicated. And again, to me, a suspect mechanism, because you're not seeing the either the precursor or whatever, you know, came after DHT, you're not seeing a difference in those. And so how is this effect happening? And one importantly, hairless wasn't measured. They didn't measure hairless. Yeah. And so I tell people, I'm like, you know, I'm just not worried about it. Again, it was 15 years ago. I would think by now, if it was a legit thing, it would have come back. So that's like my tier one of supplements. What kind of dose for the creatine? Five grams a day, plenty for people. Three grams for small women probably enough. Do you think it causes, does it does the water is the water gain? So the water is all intracellular. It doesn't increase extracellular water. People who feel bloated on creatine, creatine can be a gut irritant for some people. So what I recommend is splitting the dose and taking it morning and night. If you find it's a gut irritant. But it doesn't increase like extracellular water. All the water that we see, it doesn't increase total body water and intracellular water, which is a good thing. That actually makes you visually look better. Like if you're full with glycogen, for example, your muscles look better. There's a reason body below this load carbohydrate before competition, because you look more volumeized, your muscles look fuller. So creatine, weight protein I just take as needed to get my total protein and take. I don't think it's anything magical about weight protein. I think it's just a very high quality tasty, relatively inexpensive way to get in high quality protein. People are worried about an insulin response from protein powder. Again, this is where it's important to have guidelines, not rules. Okay. Well, let's look at the randomized controlled trials. Okay. Yeah. It does seem to an insulin response. It does. But does insulin sensitivity get worse? No, if anything in the study is against better. So again, I'm not worried about an acute insulin rise. One of these I'll tell people is, if we're going to worry about acute changes and stuff, you don't really want to eat anything. Because fat impades flow media dilation after a meal. Carbohydrates raised blood glucose, which is blood glucose is toxic over time, and protein stimulates him to her, which is involved in formation of cancer and some cancers. Big difference between acute rises in these systems versus like long-term dysregulated signaling, big difference. Then my tier two of supplements would be things like a really like rodeolo-Rosea as a cognitive enhancer. As an adaptogen, it improves time to fatigue and improves perception of fatigue. And it appears to be pretty consistent. Mental fatigue? Yeah. So even in exercise, like their perception of fatigue. But yes, it also, I think it's task completion. It's how they measure it. I could get that wrong so if any experts are out there and want to correct me, please do. Which dose? I recently got interested in this in rodeolo-Rosea. Yeah. And I know ordered it and I have it. Yeah. And it was because of the mental potential mental effects. So it depends on the standardization of the sylidresides. There was a event in the sylidresides. I think it's like you want like 3%. But the dose that's usually used for most people is like anywhere from I think like 100 to 600 milligrams. But if you go above that, they actually show like it actually starts to fall off. So there appears to be like an optimal curve. So like in my our pre-workout, I believe we have 150 milligrams. And so maybe 150 milligrams per scoop. But I have to go back and look. But it's the amount that's kind of like right in that middle range to get the benefits. And anecdotally, I find it takes the edge off caffeine too. So like you don't have as much of a come down off caffeine. So I like like that, Ash Maglanda. Very bullish on Ash Maglanda. There's a few meta analyses now showing improvedly mass, improved strength, improved sleep, better stress management. You know, there's been some worries about like I think liver, some people said, or also like depression and mood. I haven't seen it pop up in any of the randomized control trials. And so I just don't, I don't really, it's not something I worry about. That seems to be another adaptogen that kind of like helps really with stress management. And interestingly, none of the raises testosterone too, but not an amount that would, it doesn't raise the testosterone or lower cortisol enough to where it explains the changes in lean mass. So this could be like a matrix thing again where there's like active on multiple pathways something up to an outcome. Now, I am a little bit, it's in our, it's in our recovery product, but it's tier two because I just want to see more studies over a longer period of time. Like if you look at creatin caffeine, when approaching, there are thousands of placebo control trials showing the benefits to this across multiple labs over decades in different countries, very strong evidence. I just want to see more from things like Ashwaganda, rodeolo over a longer period of time before I would move that into a tier one. Right? And the mechanism isn't really understood yet of Ashwaganda. And so I just want to see that flushed out a little bit more, right? And then there's things like B-Tain or Trimath of Lysine, which may improve power output during exercise. You have things like beta alanine, which if you're exercising like intense between 30 seconds and 10 minutes, that appears to have some benefits. Citralene may have some benefits in at least if you're at least if you're getting like six grams in terms of like fatigue resistance. So those are some like an in-fish oil melatonin, those things we kind of go into my tier two. Actually melatonin has shown an increase in lean mass as well. Yeah, there's some studies now randomized control trials showing an increase in lean mass. So some people might say it's improved sleep is improving lean mass, but there's actually some evidence that it may act outside of the improved sleep. I'm not sure the exact mechanism. So again, I want to see more of that. It's a hormone. I mean, it's changes 500 different teams. Right. So those are kind of my tier two. I'm sure I'm missing some stuff. You know, multi-vitamin probably go in there somewhere, you know, in terms of, yeah, yeah, let me just come make sure you're covering your bases. Right. If you have a real hard time in any vegetables, you know, always tell me what fruits and vegetables, whole foods are better if you need a fiber supplement. Okay, a fiber supplement, you know, you could take a better meal, so I'm going to be a fiber. So you're getting soluble and soluble, you know, again, I think it's better to get a diverse array, but let's not let perfection be the enemy of good, right? So if you need a fiber supplement, biol means. So those would kind of be like the thing that I'm having against. Now for that, you know, the supplements I sell, we sell, we sell, sleep supplement, there's other things in there. There's like a few other ingredients that have been shown to them proof sleep, but melatonin is the big is the big hammer in there. And then there's our recovery supplement, which has creatin, it has ashwaganda, it has betain, you know, so some of the stuff I'm talking about and then... What do you think of glycosamine and the, yeah, I mean, I think that's probably an attire to if you want. I think the evidence is I haven't looked into it super specifically. I think there's good evidence that it does a little bit is what I would tell people. It's a small effect, but it seems to have an effect. It's a three-throwing kitchen thing. Yeah, if you want to do that, that's fine. And you know, other things that fall into like people like what's two or three, I'm like two or three is where it's just not a lot of consistency in the data, right? You know, or you got stuff like you know, act to sterone, which there's a couple of studies out there that show, hey, and increase in lead mass and act to sterone. And I'm like, does this stimulate protein synthesis? Does it do anything to protein degradation? Where is this increasingly mass coming from? Right? So that H and B probably something in tier three, you know, where like in specific populations, there might be a benefit, but for most people does nothing. So that's kind of how I categorize myself in this. But I really like we only have four supplements in my entire line. You know, we have a pre-workout, we have a recovery, we have sleep, and we have weight protein. And our whole deal, we're probably going to come up with an electrolyte supplement as well. But our whole deal is basically like the line is not going to do the work for you. You got to do the work, but you want me to go out work. And we're just going to help you be able to train a little bit harder, recover a little bit faster, but it's your training that's going to move the needle. Totally. Well, I mean, and you're going to help them get the information. There's people can find you, give a YouTube channel, social media, book, you want to call out everything. I mean, I'm sure a lot of people already know where to find you, but for those few that don't. Sure, yeah. I mean, you've got an Instagram as biolane that's kind of a digital business card, and I want most platforms as biolane. But yeah, I do everything. So, you know, we have one of one coaching, if people are looking for that, we do coaching through team biolane, which is team of kind of like experts that I've hand picked to be one of one coaches. We've trained them in our methods. If you want to be a better coach, you want to learn how to do this stuff, what to learn methods, and don't want to go back to school. I have a academy called Physique Coaching Academy with Professor Bill Campbell where it really is like it's over 600 pages of written material. But if you want to learn how to be the best coach to help people build muscle and lose fat, body composition, we synergize resistance training, nutrition, supplementation, and cardiovascular exercise around all that. And there's not really anything else out there that does that right now. So there's that. Then, you know, for people who can't afford one of one coaching that's we developed my app carbon diet coach, which is 10 bucks a month, and basically wrote a algorithm that will essentially coach you, like do a kind of only coaching. So if you're you know what you're doing fat loss, you weigh in each day, we tell people, the more data points it has, the better. You weigh in each day and based on how you progress, the app will adjust your nutrition recommendations to make sure that you're going towards your goals. And it will even give you some feedback messages, and like when you check in and whatnot to tell you what you're doing, well, you can improve on. So that's been really successful for us. Love people like that. Because obviously, everybody can afford one of one coaching, but you know, this thing does everything that my fitness pal does, except it actually gives you feedback week to week and it adjusts your nutrition as you progress. So it's a great option for people who can't afford one of one coaching. And then my supplement line, our nutrition, got a couple of self-published books, and then I also have a research review called reps where myself and my team of writers, we pick out five studies that are in like fitness nutrition every month, and we break them down and like a really practical way. There's like there's some really good research reviews out there, but I found most of them were still like too high-brow. I really wanted to get something that was very, very practical. So reps is research explained with practical summaries. And so that's a great tool for people at 1299 a month to like, like if you're confused about some of this research, we'll break it down for you, you know. And then also, what's called a workout builder on my website, which is where people can go in and get, you know, kind of semi-customized programming for like 1299 a month as well. So I really tried to like, from top to bottom, like, build out stuff to help people with every different level of their fitness journey. A lot of options there for someone for anyone. Yeah, I got a lot of stuff going on. I tell people, like, tell you one thing, I ain't boring. Well, not for sure. I absolutely enjoyed having a conversation with you, Lane. It's too bad that it had to be cut a little bit short. We could keep going for another couple of hours. I think that means we have to do this again. I would love to because it's on. Yeah. And again, thanks again for coming on for everything you do. And I look forward to continuing following you and seeing what's up. And again, possibly around to soon. I'll be fun. Yeah, absolutely. Thanks for having me on. I really appreciate it. It's a lot of fun building the stuff. Awesome.