It is, in my humble opinion, fundamental to combine resistance training at the very least with an energy deficit through nutritional restriction to promote weight loss. And here's why, if you do not lift weights, even if you just do cardio, you will lose muscle as you're losing body fat. Evidence shows 25% to 30% of the weight loss will come from muscles. If you don't do resistance training, my views of certain respects on 180 and nothing can be characterized more so than loading. So I always thought that if you're doing anything over 12 to 15 repetitions is basically glorified cardio and that, you know, it's just muscle endurance. You're not going to gain muscle. The literature is now compellingly shown. I just, there's so much literature on the topic. I will have this done quite a bit of research as well as many others. And it shows that you can gain muscle, similar amounts of muscle, regardless of the loading, across a wide range of loading spectrums up to 30 to even 40 repetitions, which is along, as a long set. Hi, everyone. I'm sitting here with Dr. Brad shownfeld, who was a professor at Lamin College in the Bronx in New York City. His research primarily focuses on muscle adaptations to strength training, muscle hypertrophy. He is published over 300 studies in the field of exercise, sports nutrition. I am super excited to talk about so many things related to why we should care about resistance training, about the mechanics, training load, training intensity, reps, how many to do sets, whether we should rest or stretch or everything related to resistance training and muscle adaptations to resistance training. This is going to be a great podcast. So, Brad, thank you so much for coming out. Really excited to learn everything that we're going to talk about today related to muscle, hypertrophy and muscle adaptations. I'm a response to resistance training, but maybe we can just start with resistance training. I mean, why should people care about resistance training? So, in my humble opinion, certainly there are every form of exercise or most forms of exercise are very beneficial. Doing something is always better than doing nothing for your health. But if I were to say, if I were to pick one activity that is indispensable, it would be resistant to resistance training. And there's a couple of reasons. So, certainly cardiovascular exercise, it's been much more well researched over the years. And, indisputably, it has great effects on your health and wellness. But resistance training has many of the same benefits as cardiovascular exercise, but it goes well beyond what you can get through a rubber training. And particularly, dealing with muscle strength, obviously, and a bone density. Other things like posture. So, aerobic exercise itself has very minimal effects on your strength levels, muscle development, muscle hypertrophy. Even on bone development, so certainly running has certain benefits to bone. But nothing in the way that resistance training does. And again, things like your posture, people don't even consider doing, if you are sedentary and not doing anything. Over time, you're going to lose muscle, your posture is going to go. And you could do all the aerobic training you want. It's really not going to have these benefits. So, that you just mentioned two things that I was unaware of in the bone density in the posture. So, can you talk a little bit more about that? Resisting training, effecting bone density? Because that seems very relevant for particularly post-but pentopausal women. It is. So, osteoporosis, which is basically porous bones. It's when over time, at the aging process, your bones, if you are sedentary in particular, will start to degrade. And the 80% of osteoporosis people with osteoporosis are women. Because women generally no more one start out with less bone mass. There's also effects of, as you mentioned, estrogen is osteoporative. So, women undergo menopause. Postmenopausally, they're going to have increased bone resorption, which is going to increase their chances of getting osteoporosis. And resist is trading by pulling on the bones of muscle pulling on the bone. So, there's an interaction. You must feel a skeletal system is the muscle that allows when you have movement. It's the muscle pulling on the bones to move. And strength training really is the primary way to strengthen the bones. So, while you're strengthening the muscles, necessarily the bones become strength in this well. And there's certain ways that are going to be more appropriate than others to maximize that process. But, really no matter what type of resistance training you do, whether it's light well as heavy lows, etc., you're going to be strengthening bones. Whereas, and it's always, by the way, specific to the joint that you're working. Weight bearing exercise in particular is what strength and bones. If you're doing cycling or even the elliptical machine, it's really not weight bearing enough to have substantial effects on bone development and swimming another endeavor. Whereas, running to some extent there is ground reaction forces, but it's mostly specific to the femur to your lower body muscle, which is the spine. And the wrist is going to be a major area for osteoporosis, particularly women. Anyway, long story short is that resistance training when done regularly and consistently over time has profound effects on staving off the touch of frosty process and even building bones, particularly when you're younger. Is there, are there, you said there are certain types of exercises that may be better or is there any types of exercises that you can talk about? I mean, yeah, so it seems so most of the research has been using somewhat heavy moderate to heavier loading. I'm not convinced though. It's, I think it's a fact, it's an effect that we just don't have research. That's really looked at doing lighter load training with bone density. And I would surmise if you were training with a good deal of effort. I love those intensity of effort that you would achieve similar effects. But it also does seem that doing more multi joint movements, so multi joint meaning squats, movements that are utilizing more than one joint, multi joint is more than one joint. So rather than a curl, you can get better effects overall on bone because of the loading that is imposed. So again, not really great evidence. This is more speculative based upon the literature I've seen. So again, I'm a fan of any type of resistance training over not, but if you're looking to maximize bone development, I would certainly say you want to include some multi joint movements. I think just in general, those other reasons why you'd want to as well. Besides the squats, what are some other like? Rhoans presses, I mean pushups. Any type of movement where you're involving more than one joint. For someone that doesn't, like someone that's working with a dumbbells, for example, who's not going to go use a machine, can you do multi joint with a dumbbell? We should shoulder press. So that's a nice press. You get dumbbells of great. Should hold the press. Just press. You can do squats. You can do a goblet squat. We hold the dumbbell here and do a squat. So yeah. Well, that was very, I didn't realize. I mean, I had a question there about bone density, but I didn't realize that it really does play a significant role in the bone density. And it's really good to know about that. Muscle mass in general, aging. I mean, what about someone who hasn't, let's say, you know, they're more of an endurance athlete, like throughout most of their, you know, young adulthood. And they're getting into even just maybe perhaps older age. Is it ever too late to start resistance training to help, you know, build muscle mass, to help prevent the activity that's happening? It's going to happen. Absolutely not. So I, in my previous life, I was a personal trainer. Before becoming an educator researcher. And I mean, literally I was involved in the training thousands of individuals. And I had clients at the time that were 60, 70s and 80s never lifted away and so a huge benefits in relatively short periods of time. We carried out a meter analysis on the oldest of all, which was 70 in above, well, the 70s actually, not that it's the new 50, 70. But 70 plus years old, and up to octogenarians, the nonogenarians, profound improvements in muscle strength, muscle hypertrophy within 12 week, 8 to 12 week training programs, never, these are novice trainees who've never done anything before. Now, I will say this with the caveat, it's always better to start when you're, the earlier you start the better, because once you start losing to get it back as hard. So you can always improve upon where you're at at a given point in time. But trying to get back to where you were when you're in your 20s is going to be almost impossible if you're not starting through your 70. However, if you start when you're in your 20s, you can maintain a majority of your muscle mass. And certainly, I would say this. Someone who is not doing anything in their 20s, I've had clients in their 70s who were stronger and more fit than people in their 20s who were serious lifters. So, yeah, it's always best to start when you're younger. And I will say this too, for women in particular, in particularly in reference to bone density, it is very important to start early. Again, it's never too late because you can get some... How early? How early? I mean, it's early as you can, but certainly like in your teens and 20s. Because you do build up a bone bank. I mean, the analogy I like to use is having a retirement account. If you... Yeah, it's never too late to start technically. But if you start when you're 50s, your retirement is not going to be what it is if you start in your 20s. And there is this concept of a bone bank where if you start when you're young and particularly again for women who have the biggest issue with osteoporosis, you end up saving off the possibility of having osteoporosis. If you start when you're already low-sponed density, it's very difficult to get back. You can stay low if you can certainly prevent the progression of osteoporosis. But getting back your bone density becomes much more difficult. So, it's very similar to this concept of building up a muscle reserve, right? Where because that's also right when you... Correct. I don't know. They're easy, maybe. I used to lose the muscle mass. And so, yeah, if you... Like you said, having a starting with that bigger reserve is always better because things are going to be taking away from it so you want to have like a bigger starting point. So, that's really great to know because, you know, in particular for women, I think, you know, and at least for myself in particular, and I know like many of my friends and growing up even throughout high school, and we were always endurance. We were endurance athletes. You walk into the gym and there were most of the guys in there lifting weights, you know, the wrestlers, the, you know, and so I don't know that this may be changing now where women are trying to understand the importance of resistance training and building up muscle mass and bone mass through resistance training. But, you know, for me, it was always endurance. If I'm doing my endurance, then I'm checking the box. I'm getting that exercise. I'm going to be healthier because of it. So, this is all... It's really so important, I think, for young women too to really... It's easier to convince young men who, like, want to get the muscle. I mean, for them, they've got other goals as well in mind. But, I think there's now a growing interest in bone mass and bone density and preventing osteoporosis as well. So, that's really great to know. What about starting, like, so starting young, like, you know, can you start, like in childhood? Absolutely. So, there's compelling research now that children, it kind of is never too young to start provided the child's maturity is such that they're able to to lift. I will say that always it should be done, especially early on, if you're dealing with children, six, seven, eight years old, you want to have a fully supervised environment, even beyond that until they are, you know, when you're teens, even. But, yeah, there's really compelling research. Now that resistance training in youth not only is not detrimental, so I mean, it does not. I want to dispel them now that it's stunts growth. I mean, there's been this myth around forever that, you know, that training, if you do resistance training early on, it will stunts your growth. Zero evidence. How would you think the opposite because growth hormone increases with resistance training? Yeah, growth hormone really does not have the effects on interest, even though the name is growth hormone. That's, it's really not the driving force of development. Well, it is on height. Yeah. But, that's what I mean. Growth hormone is pulsatile and the effects on growth hormone for it's never been satisfactory interest and it's never been studied, but it's pulsatile and the effects on growth hormone with resistance training are very specific to the one hour or so after the work out. But, it was thought that you would injure the epithetial plates in the bone that would, you know, somehow start to grow. Anyway, zero evidence to that. The issues can be that if someone is not, I want to emphasize that for child, there's not a motionary mentally ready for that. Yeah, they get injured, but I'll say this. It's kind of, to me, it's always this weird thought process that parents often have no issues with letting their children play football and basketball, the possibility of getting injured and potentially breaking bones in sports and these, you know, major sports are much much our resistance training is one of the safest things you can do in a supervised environment. So, see, yeah, with children, again, very young, as young as six, seven, eight years old, there's been good compelling research on this that they can do it. I generally say you want to start off with lighter loads with them and again, it's getting them into the feel for doing it and look, when you're dealing with children, the most important thing is making it fun. So, if something is not fun, you're forcing them to do it. It's not only is it not going to work and you're going to have a rebellion against it, but it can also later on in life get them to a point where they're kind of adverse to doing that. So, again, I think what's really important is to make it enjoyable for them and it improves self esteem, obviously it improves so, you know, bullying and children. These are all things that can help to stay awful out of the issues that children can have and make some better athletes. So, for my parents standpoint, you can get scholarships to make them, if that's the avenue they want to pursue, it can make them better in their sports and lead to just a host of positive improvements. With respect to body composition, so, you know, we're talking about the benefits of resistance training on bone density, obviously muscle mass and people are now thinking about those things, but you know, back in the day, you know, body composition and it still is important as well, but that was kind of one of the major things people would think about, like, why they should do resistance training. Can you talk, like a little bit about body, like how does resistance training, you know, a fact body recomposition, can you gain muscle without gaining fat mass? Sort of sort of things like that. I know a great question. So, well, let's start from the basics that resistance training can improve, certainly it improves lean mass, which is largely muscle mass. When I do think it's important to understand, like, certain measures under water weighing, like a lot of the measures that you see dexa under water weighing, BIA, biological computers and analysis, they are looking at not necessarily muscle mass, whether there are ways to try to derive that, but when you when they talk about fat free mass and lean mass, generally depending on the measure, their combinations of in the very least muscle and water. So, it's not necessarily just if you're gaining water that'll show up as fat free mass, that's not anything outside of fat mass would be fat free mass. And that I think is somewhat important to understand there, but with that said, resistance training certainly can impact fat free mass aspect. And it can help with fat mass. Now, I want to say in general, in this goes for cardiovascular stress too, exercise is not the best way to lose body fat. It can, it's certainly I think a good ad jump to a fat loss program, which I'll get to in a second, but you have to do a lot of exercise to meaningfully lose fat. Whereas, it's just much easier to do it through reducing the calories in nutrition, the energy intake. So, for instance, if you do an hour of cardiovascular exercise and hard, you know, where you're running for the most part, I mean you can burn five, six hundred calories in that hour. You know, that's, you have a bag of potato chips that get pretty much offset everything you've done. Whereas, if you focus on reducing the energy intake through your food and using exercises and adjunct, it can certainly help with the weight loss, not only in terms of increasing energy expenditure to some extent, because by the way, doing an hour of exercise every day, for most people, it's just not a, it becomes very little boreous. And that's just cardio. Like I said, you want to do resistance training as well. And resistance training, cardio actually is somewhat more effective just purely from creating more energy expenditure than resistance training is, but here's the the catch. It is, in my humble opinion, fundamental to combine resistance training at the very least, with an energy deficit through nutritional restriction to promote weight loss. And here's why, if you do not lift weights, even if you just do cardio, you will lose muscle as you're losing body fat. And there are, depending upon how you're going about it, evident shows 25% to 30% of the weight loss will come from muscle. So, you might lose 70% fat, and it can even be more if you're a somewhat leaner. And 30% coming from lean mass. If you don't do resistance training, now you talked about Reacomp. Resistance training, not only will stay off the loss of fat free mass often, but you can actually Reacomp. Reacomp means you can gain muscle while losing fat. There are two primary factors, and I'll leave that so this three, the elephant in the room is anabolic steroid use, so if you're doing anabolic taking anabolic steroid, yeah, you can have serious Reacomp. But putting that aside, that's probably not your audience or most of the people listening here. The two primary factors are, number one, how much weight do you have to lose? So, when you obese, the more weight you have to lose, the easier it is to Reacomp. Also, how long have you been training? So, someone who has a lot of years of experience of training that's higher to their closer to their genetic ceiling? We'll have a more difficult time Reacomp. Now, I will so, by the way, so if you have a lot of body fat to lose, and you're just starting out, you can do serious Reacomp. I see this all the time, not only anecdotally, have I seen this in clients, but we have controlled experiments run through our lab where I see this all the time in individual subjects that we have. You cannot, however, maximize muscle mass while you are losing fat. So, this is important. If your goal is to go into, let's say, a mass gaining cycle where you want to, let's say, bodybuilders do this or a strength athletes, and your goal is to maximize muscle development. You're at the very minimum going to need to be at maintenance in general, you're going to need to be in a small surplus, where you're going to gain a little bit at least some amount of fat. Okay. Boy, this was a fantastic information. I'm just it's sinking all in. So, can, if you are in a caloric deficit, and this kind of brings us into the protein dietary requirements world a little bit. If you are in a caloric deficit, and but you are, and we should probably talk about what the protein requirements are, but let's say you are getting sufficient protein intake, daily protein intake to counter, to prevent your, your body from pulling protein out of your muscle, basically. Can you not lose the lean mass or muscle mass? Let's say you're not resistant training, but you are just getting the protein in, say, say you're doing a rubic, but you're still in the caloric deficit, deficit, but you're getting the protein. And not lifting weights. You're not lifting weights. So, the answer is it will help to preserve some lean mass, but you're still no matter what, if you are not lifting weights, I mean, this has been shown again over and over in research. You will lose, well, I want to at least always hate to talk in absolute, because if you're a very obese, we just have a, let's say you're a hundred pounds overweight. You can lose fat without losing muscle much more in red, because you just have so much fat to lose that the body is going to pull from the fat source. But I'm talking when you're starting to get down into, people who just quote our quote unquote overweight, you're going to lose muscle. If you do not resistance training now, even if I want to point out, even if you're lifting weights, if you are getting insufficient protein, it's going to, you're going to reach some muscle. So, you need to still take in sufficient protein. There's actually evidence that you need more protein than what has been shown for people that maintenance or above to maintain muscle or even the gain, it's slightly when you're in a caloric deficit. So, that actually increases protein needs to some extent. Can you talk about what those are? Sure. So, this, we start to get into generalizations. So, the general literature show somewhere around 1.6 to 1.8 grams per kilogram per day of protein is required for resistance training people, which is about double the RDA. It's where RDA for centering individuals is around 0.8 grams per kilogram per day, per kilogram per day. You need roughly double that to maintain or to promote anabolism while you're resistance training. In the upper confidence interval is about 2.2 grams per kilogram. So, meaning that to really be on the safe side, if you're for the vast majority of people, if you're in the gen pop, probably not going but if you're a bodybuilder when I'm coaching bodybuilders and consulting with them, it really does not hurt to take in more protein. I mean there's a lot of myths about kidney damage and healthy individuals, no good evidence that there's a negative effects on renal function. Certainly a bone density. These were all unsupported from my reading in the literature. So, there's not necessarily a downside to it. You have to look at cost benefit. Everything is cost benefit. For bodybuilders, I would say go up to 2 grams per kilogram per day, which roughly around for those of us in the states, it's about a gram per pound. It's not going to hurt. But I would say that becomes even more important to stay in that upper realm. So, if you're like 1.6, if you're especially in a surplus, you generally need the needs for protein are going to be encompassed because the body isn't going to reach protein needs. When you start getting into a deficit, that's where I think it becomes even more important to be at that upper realm that 2.0, 2.2 grams per kilogram. So, people that are, let's say people that are obese, and I always say obese or overweight and maybe it's important to distinguish these two, based on what you just said. But if they are obese and or overweight and they're wanting to lose that mass, should they be calculating their protein intake based on their targeted weight? Or because if they're like 300 pounds, for example, or that's a lot of protein. It's a great question in the answer. No. So, the protein needs have been based on men and women who are relatively lean. They want to say relatively for the best majority of the population that we consider. So, for guys somewhere like in the 12th to 15% body fat range for women around 20% body fat. So, if you are 300 pounds and you should be 200 pounds, you would want to say you would calculate it at your weight that you would be where you would be at your lean weight. For a guy 12th to 15% body fat. So, we can then regress to saying, based on lean mass, but most people weren't getting decks with skins to determine their lean mass. Or even, okay, they're not going out and getting body fat caliper measurements. Just not in the realm of what most people are going to do. When you can make a general estimate, these are not precise measurements. It's not like, you know, people think that we're doing these experiments and they're really nail it down into these precise areas. They're generalized recommendations based upon what we know and there's going to be variations around the mean. You're always going to have people that are, when we do research, we report the means is you will know, which are the averages, but people aren't an average. You get some people that are up here, some people here and they average out the year. So, yeah, so if you're overweight obese, you want to figure your protein needs at what you would be at a relatively lean weight. You know, once again, for a guy, 10, 12, 15% body fat, I will say this. It doesn't hurt to take in, like I said, a little extra protein. On the good side, protein is very difficult to store as body fat, much more difficult than carbohydrates and fat. So, it's, um, if you're going to earn the side of caution, that's where you want to earn the side of, you know, taking it a little more protein at the expense, if you're going to weight loss at the expense of carbs and fat. All right. Um, now we had Stuart Phillips on the podcast, a colleague of yours, and um, he was talking about with the, with the protein requirements, like the buy-in being more like, you know, just to get, like, at least 1.2 grams of protein per kilogram body weight. And for me, I was like, okay, because that, that's what I'm going to try to aim for. But then, as I started to become more, um, do more resistance training, I realized I was meeting the buy-in, but I wasn't meeting the 1.6. And so I have to now increase, like, a can of certains will get me there. Like, I need about 16 to 20 more grams a day. So, you know, for people, like, like, my dad, for example, he's in his 70s and, um, like, getting good luck getting him a 1.6. Like, I'm trying to get him to 1.2, right? I'm trying to, like, prevent him from, like, just, you know, completely depleting his, you know, his, I mean, he'll ask this from his, from his muscle every day, which he's kind of doing. So he has to supplement and do the protein, protein shakes and stuff like that. And I'm happy at least to get him there. Um, next step would be then 1.6, you know, and, of course, adding the resistance training, which should be essential, but I haven't been able to get to that point yet. Um, so I wanted to mention that with the protein requirements, because, you know, there was, like, I know, the RDA is so low 0.8. And Stuart talked a little bit about, like, some of the flaws in the early studies that were done to calculate that. And I'm just, like, wondering, when is it time to reassess this, you know, and, and change it, because a lot of people think they're, they're getting enough protein. And, um, many people don't even get the RDA. So to address that, uh, two things, I think that are important. So 1.2 is better than 0.8, certainly. But I mean, there's good literature showing we've done work on this, that if you want to maximize anabolism, so again, it doesn't mean that you're not going to gain any muscle if you're taking a 1.2, but it will impair the gains that you're going to get. And especially when you're talking about older individuals, where that they're anabolically resistant. So it becomes even more important. And I think this is another important thing, you're dealing with older individuals, there's resistance, not only anabolically resistance to resistance training, but also to protein, where the per dose aspects need to be higher to some extent to get what's called elucine, which is one of the essential amino acids. And there's, I don't know, how deep you want to get here. But there's elucine, elucine, the amino acid that seems to kickstart the muscle growth process. And if it seems to be somewhat higher, at least some literature does show that an older individual is getting more elucine is important to kickstart that process. As you point out, though, and fairly for older individuals, it becomes increasingly difficult to get protein in. And I'm a big fan of whole foods. Like supplementation is something that you do when you cannot get whole foods in. But as you get older, taste buds start to dissipate your food does not have good taste. So older individuals have difficulty chewing sometimes too. And that is where supplementation can come in. It's much easier to drink a way protein or a casin or egg protein shake and get that protein through supplemental means if you're not meeting your daily requirement. So I think that's where, and for anyone, I mean women, it seems that women often also are not programmed to take protein as much. And yeah, it's just very easy to do through protein shakes if you're not going to be able to do it through all foods. What's the elucine threat? Like, can you, like, in terms of protein, like, obviously we'll get, we can get into the vegan vegetarian because it's a whole other thing. But like, if you're eating meat, chicken, poultry, fish, you know, if you're getting the essential amino acids, like, what gram dose per meal, would you say would be important for that crossing that elucine threshold and what age? Yeah, so these are, and again, hard cuddles, and either of those, I've seen three grams where it starts to increase for two to three grams of elucine as you get all the where is that cutoff from being a quarter-quarter older? There isn't one. And if you don't necessarily, I certainly don't think you need to take elucine as a supplement if you're taking in a high quality protein source, you know, if you're eating meat-based proteins, which, by the way, aren't just meat, they're also milk and eggs, et cetera. So proteins from animal, I should say animal-based sources. You're going to be getting quality proteins that are rich in elucine. And again, it's just getting the proper dosages in, which might be, it's been shown there as a graded, as a recent study out of Luke Finn, so I have a terrific researcher, protein researcher, in the Netherlands. And they looked at, again, my memory now, it's been a loss inside of the study, but it was zero, 15 grams of protein, I believe they was way a 30 and 45, I think it was. But anyway, it showed a dose response relationship for muscle protein synthesis, where they kept getting a graded response. Now, it did seem to somewhat, the curve wasn't a linear relationship so there was, you know, more parabolic, where it started to trail off after 30 grams, but it did continue on above the 30 grams. So it just shows that in older individuals that it's needed to take more per dose protein to hit that loose enthresial, particularly in the time after resistance training. I mean, yeah, that's talking about a dose that you're, you're going to have in your animal products, but then you're also probably going to have a protein shake with it because it's quite, I mean, I guess unless you can eat large, large, large stakes and stuff, but for me, I know, as a female too. I'm all thinking about. This is a chicken, is 30 grams of protein, is that so sweet? I mean, it's four, you know, if you get... I eat four ounces of chicken. Yeah, so it's pretty good. With respect to what we were talking about with the being in a calorie deficit and gaining muscle mass and how it's, you know, you have to do the resistance training and get the protein, but it seems as though gaining isn't... you're not going to be really gaining if you're in that calorie deficit. If you're the person that is actively doing calorie restriction for recomb, like, you know, I guess, aspects. But what about, you know, so like, something I practice is time restricted eating, where I like to eat all my food within a 10-hour window, you know, I don't go too crazy, but, you know, like, I like to have a resting period and, you know, when you're not digesting and all that you are in a repair process, right? You're in repair mode. The problem that a lot of people make with time restricted eating is they go, oh, in order to eat within this 10-hour window, I have to skip breakfast, right? So they skip meals, which ends up being caloric restriction in, you know, combined with the time restricted eating. And so what I do is not skip meals, I do not skip breakfast, I do not skip meals. Unless, you know, there's some circumstantial thing that happens where I have to get somewhere, whatever, right? But if I'm getting all of my protein within that 10-hour window, so it's more of a, it's an intermittent fasting, but not being in a caloric deficit. So getting the same calories that I would get if I was eating my food throughout the day. And then adding in resistance training, making sure I'm eating the protein, is that going to be conducive with gaining muscle mass? Yeah, absolutely. So, I mean, we actually started to get some good research on this topic. Now, time restricted eating is interesting. You bring that up. I have a paper currently in review or review paper. Review paper currently in review with my colleague, Alan Ergonne, who's a big nutritional expert. And it's just we cover this exact topic. The interesting thing with time restricted feeding number one is various iterations of it. So there's 420. So we have 4 hours eating and then 20 hours about this. 6, 18, is 8, 16. So there's all variations. Then there's also the two five concept where you fast for two days and then eat up five days or so a lot of that will depend upon the specific type of time restricted feeding. What you're talking about, a 10 hour window, is much more friendly towards an ablism. But most of it's interesting because conceivably spacing out your protein would logically have benefits. And there's been some research even longitudinal research that backs this up that you get better utilization of protein. If it's spread out, let's say at least over three meals relatively spaced like breakfast lunch and dinner and perhaps even four. But now again, here so this is where the nuance is coming. If you're a bodybuilder, I would recommend trying to take in protein across the day as much as possible because when you're not eating, you're catabolic. Eating is anabolic. So when not eating is catabolic. But for these studies on time restricted feeding really don't show much difference. Now, our measures that we have occur at measures of looking at, I've purchased fear, even MRI, which is the gold standard. It still has a margin of error. It's not like we're doing, you're looking at a cadaver and you're actually, you know, measure or you're doing like rodent research, we actually can weigh the muscle, et cetera. So our measures might not be sensitive enough to detect subtle differences, but for the vast majority of people, you're not looking to bodybuild. It's just not going to be much of a difference. If you're going to do a 420, I would say you're then going to be in a lot more. And there's been research as one study certainly showed diminished anabolic, diminished muscle hypertrophy with a 420 versus a traditional eating pattern. I could see where a 2, 5 might be have issues. So again, I would say if you're going to, whatever you do, try to structure your training within that eating window that you have. Because, and there's actually been quite a lot of research on this that the body is highly anabolic for at least 24 hours, if not more after a workout. But when you start getting outside of, you know, 6-8 hours or so, it's probably going to trail up where you might not harvest some of the gains, depending upon what you're looking for. You know, especially if your goals are more optimized and muscle mass, so I would say it's beneficial to try to get the feeding in within that window. Whatever it is, if you're going to be, let's say in a 10 hour window, try to train within the earlier part of that eating so that you're going to be able to eat after your workout and not go. Let's say not do it right after your final meal and then be catabolic for 14 hours. Okay, so is there some with the anabolic window? Is there some, it's really a bond door? Yeah, we've done a total research on this. So certainly, there is somewhat of a window. And even in the paper, we publish, which people take this no anabolic one, that's not what a research show, but it showed that it's really minor. The much more important thing is getting your total daily protein and taking, and that's what we're kind of to your point. If you're hitting your daily protein requirements, whatever your window is, if you're doing, let's say it's certainly 10 hours, but even like a 816, which is the most common, time-restricted feeding strategy, if you're getting 1.6 grams per kilogram, you're pretty good. You're going to get the majority of your gains regardless. Then it starts to come down. You kind of mention this with the Stufel of similar veins. That's kind of like the, now you're starting to get more like the cherry on the Sunday here, if you want to eat out the maximum amount of gains. And really it's like I said more of a barn door. It's not this narrow window. And the, I think what we've debunked is that after 45 minutes, you, oh my god, I got to swim my shake immediately after training or I go catabolic. And even if you're an advanced bodybuilder, I don't think there's utility, the utility, and that is virtually no. But I do say, when I'm coaching bodybuilders, you get your protein in as quickly as you can after a workout. You don't have to stress and slam your shake the minute you finish your last set. But because small, this is where even small amounts of gains can be the difference between winning and losing a competition. So again, it's highly context specific. We try to make these general guidelines and apply it to the population. But everyone has their own, you know, goals or lifestyle that they have to deal with and other factors and that needs to be taken into account. If you are working out at home, let's say, and you can go and you're not a professional bodybuilder, recreational, you know, I guess I wouldn't call it a gym go or if you're doing it at home, but you're a recreational at home gym go or and you can go and take your shake right after your workout because you're a home when it's not stressful and you don't have to think about packing it and all this. I mean, with that, not going to hurt and it could have, like even if it helps a tiny bit. Yeah, I would say it's that is the cost benefit where there is really no cost and a potential there is small benefit. Now, again, if you start going longer and longer, if you're taking five, six, seven, eight hours and again, if you're doing it, you'll say 10, 14 and you train right after your last meal and then go 14 hours, then you can start compromising some gains. So, there's no hard rule to this. It's on a spectrum, but I would say the quicker you can get it in, conceive of way the better. It's just no downside to it. With your, you mentioned the aging study where the, the fellow from the Netherlands was looking at, I guess, on a per meal effect with respect to protein intake and muscle protein synthesis, is it like, you're, you're not going to have three, like, most people aren't going to do three meals with 40 or 50 grams of protein without supplementing on top of that. It may be, you know, maybe there's, you know, some people that will do it, but not like all the women, and not all the older folks, you know, for the, for the majority, I think of those types of people, they might not be taking in that much protein per meal. Should they try to at least get 40 grams and in, in at least one meal? Yeah, I'm worth, is 30 enough? I mean, so it's 40 better than 30 for these older people, is it something they should even think about or is it like, just the, the cherry on top, but you don't stress yourself kind of things. Yeah, it's a great question. And one of the things I think that needs to be understood is that the studies are sterile. So what I mean by that is that they're taking people, they're going to look at kind of proof of principles, so they take them fasted, they're having nothing in their body, and they're giving them a, wait, let's say, a way, protein shit. Way is a very fast-acting protein that gets into your body very quickly, into your circulatory system, the body gets to use the amino acids quickly. When you're eating a whole meal, the amino acids are released in a much more time-released fashion, because the body has to digest the food break, it down, there's fats that are going to delay absorption, so again, you're eating, let's say, chicken with, you know, broccoli and rice, etc, you're eating a whole meal. There's time-delayed release of nutrients into your body, so you know, that's why I said the most important thing, 90% is targeting your, I hate to give exact percentage, because I'm just pointing that out of the air, but I just want to emphasize the vast majority, is getting your total daily, worrying about getting your total daily protein intake, stressing over this, you know, minutia of how much is in the meal. If you're getting, if an older individual is taking in 1.6 grams, they're going to be doing fine. They're not going to be meaningfully compromising their gains and Western looking to bodybuild, doing masters, level of bodybuilding, you should. Okay, well that's good to know. I mean for the people like us, shifting a little bit into mechanics and like the training load, I mean that's a big one. I mean for the longest time, you know, I remember you'd hear lift heavy or lift bigger, go home, or something like that. I mean you're like, you know, go have your home. Yeah, that's it. Like what does this science say about that? Like you're, this is, you know, you've really contributed to this this area about, do you need to train heavy to get your gains? So this is an area that I've done pretty much a one, so I've changed my opinion on it, so many things that that I learned is an up-and-coming sports scientist and that were treated as dogma, you know, in textbooks that my views of certain respects on 180 and nothing can be characterized more so than loading. So I had always thought that if you're doing anything over 12 to 15 repetitions is basically glorified cardio and that, you know, it's just muscle endurance, you're not going to gain muscle. The literature is now compelling, we show and I just, there's so much literature on the topic. I will have is done quite a bit of research as well as many others and it shows that you can gain muscle, similar amounts of muscle regardless of the loading across a wide range of loading spectrums up to 30 to even 40 repetitions, which is a long, as a long set. And that's at the home muscle level. Now there may be, I want to really emphasize this is not, this is still a quibical, there may be some muscle type muscle fiber type specific benefits to doing light loads for type one fibers and type two fibers for heavy loads. I, if you're asking my confidence in that literature, it's, you know, modest at best, but I can't rule out that that would be the case. But when you're looking, let's say an MRI data or ultrasound, which we've used extensively, really shows no difference and I tell you what I think is a quite funny story looking back. But Stu Phillips had published a study circa 2012 and he went on social media with Facebook at the time and it was on untrained subjects doing light extensions and they showed that there was no difference in home muscle hypertrophy between 30% on RM, which is like 30 reps versus 80% on RM, which was like 8 reps. And I remember it was Chris Dasex still come on. This is untrained subjects doing light extensions that's they could jack from doing spin cycle. That was I think my exact quote. And I said I'm going to do this study and trained individuals you're going to see, it was going to be no, no question the older individuals are going to need the heavier loads to get those highest threshold mode units, the type two fibers into play. And um, homehold, I carried out that study in no difference. I was really a crow and since then there's just been so much evidence not only in just across the spectrum of populations untrained, trained, older, younger, men, women, really any and every population has been extensively studied. And it really is a beautiful thing because it provides so much flexibility and options to carry out resistance training and it's particularly, I think, beneficial for issues like training through injuries. So your training through injuries, you have you loading can be contraindicated and also particularly for the older individuals because joint related issues as you know, people get older and they get asked you arthritis, some other joint related issues, where heavy loading can be very uncomfortable for them and perhaps debilitated as it's kind of contraindicated. And they can use lighter loads. Now the caveat to this is is that the lighter loads have to be taken with a high degree of effort. So they have to really, if you do not extensively challenge your muscles, meaning that the last few reps are difficult to complete, you're not going to achieve gain. So when I talk about light loads, it's not this taking pink thumb bells and just doing something like, okay, I stop. You must challenge the muscles. So heavier, when you lift heavier, just innately you're going to challenge the muscles regardless because the weight is already heavy. With lighter loads, the first number of repetitions are very easy to complete. And if it's easy to complete, you're really not doing much for challenging. And this goes back to a survival mechanism. So the reason that the body, I think this is important because the reason that the body adapts to strength training is survival. The reason that the body adapts to anything is through a survival mechanism. And if you are not challenging it in a way it is not accustomed to being challenged, it has no impetus to adapt. So the reason that you will get these adaptations and strength and power and hypertrophy, muscle endurance, bone density, etc, is because the muscles and bones, etc, tendons, legaments are being challenged beyond their present capacity. And so as you get stronger, then you have to push past that and challenge them more. So the big take-home for lifting lighter, which is what I tend to do, is to get fatigued, right, when you're doing it, it's often means more reps, which I enjoy doing. I've done both and I do find for me, I like doing the lighter lifting and more reps versus doing heavier and fewer reps. And I also notice I'm less likely to endure my rest. Now maybe that wouldn't, if I was doing things like proper form and all that maybe wouldn't be such a issue. But you mentioned the muscle type 1 and type 2 fibers and maybe there's some evidence that lifting a little heavier might help shift a little bit more type 2. Can you talk just for a moment? What are the roles of those types of fibers and do you should people aim to kind of gain both of those or are there distinct differences, you know, in terms of with aging, their roles in aging? Yeah, so great questions. So I'll talk with the second question first. Yes, aging is mostly spacits of aging. What's called sarcopenia, which is the aedrolated loss of muscle, is most specific to the type 2 fibers, which are you're strength-related fibers. So just to kind of even circle back for those that don't know, type 1 fibers are enduring sorenyented fibers. They do not produce force as well as type 2 fibers. But they're indifateeable. They can go on for longer periods of time. They're hard to fatigue. Whereas your type 2 fibers fatigue relatively easily, but they have the capacity to produce greater force. As you age, the type 1 fibers are more well preserved where the type 2 fibers, there's even what's called apoptosis, which has been shown as a loss of fibers. But certainly there's a diminishment where the fibers get smaller. It's more specific. This are acupenic effect is more specific to the type 2 fibers, which is obviously problematic because the ability to produce force is where your functional capacity, or primary functional capacity, at least from being able to open cans and jargile jars, avoiding falls, etc. Circling back, so then the training effect, I want to emphasize. You're going to train, if you are training hard, regardless of heavy light, you're going to be targeting both one and two fibers. So we're talking now new ones. So if you're about, I think this is where this kind of gets lost in context, that where I think this would have the greatest, if it is, in fact, true, greatest relevance would be to let's say bodybuilders. You want to maximize their muscle development. It probably has been official to utilize some heavier training and some lighter training so that you at least make sure you're kind of hedging your bets and make sure that you're maximizing development of all fibers. For the average individual, if you were training hard, regardless of lighter heavy, you're going to be getting the type 1 and type 2 fiber development. And it's been world documented that light load training does target the type 2 fibers, which had been, that was one of the myths that used to be taught when I was an up-and-coming sports scientist that if you just used light loads, you would not activate the highest threshold modion, it's which are associated with these type 2 fibers. And thus you would not optimize your strength and power in hypertrophy. So we were talking about the resistance training, we've mentioned strength training and then there's power training and I think this probably has a little bit to do with what you just mentioned with the problem with aging, right? And so can you just briefly talk about differences and then maybe where like just one shine more than the other with respect to like what older individuals should be doing or focusing on or is it like you know women versus men or any differences there as well? So the definitions do somewhat vary depending upon who you give you a mind. So resistance training is kind of a catch-all for any type of exercise that moves against resistance. This would be body weight exercise pushups, pullups, body weight squats, would be resistance exercise, free weights, machines, cables. Any of these would be considered resistance exercise. Strength training often is used synonymously with resistance training, but also it can be thought of specific to let's say power lifting where you're moving very heavy loads and necessarily when you're lifting heavy loads you're doing, you're moving them very slowly. If I give you a very heavy load to lift you can't move that fast or you'd be able to do more than than whatever you're doing. You'd be able to do more repetitions than what you're doing. Whereas power is the ability to produce force over time some more quickly. The more rapidly you can produce force, the more power you generate. Power is developed on a foundation of strength but it also involves this time component and there is evidence that at least it is some training needs to be done quote unquote explosively. So moving weights quickly, or when I say weights doing resistance quickly, to generate maximal power and our group was involved recently in a made analysis on older individuals that showed functional improvements were optimized when they did training that involved moving the concentric action quickly and then doing a controlled eccentric. So I do think it's important for older individuals to incorporate some power training in their programs. Doesn't mean that every set needs to be done in this respect but at least having some of the training that will be devoted towards power training and I think it's really exemplified by the fact that hip fracture. So when older individuals fall and it's a frequent thing now, particularly in those who were sedentary, they are not able to quickly reverse their fall and avoid the resultant effect of hip fracture and study show that individuals older individuals when they get a hip fracture. It's been a loss since I've looked at the literature. I think it was 50% never recoverful function and die with it. I think two years, half of them going to convolescence, they have to be under constant care. They're not able to be functionally independent. So I mean this is a big thing, it was a younger individuals, they can get their cast side by their friends or whatever and it's not a big deal but older individuals, these are really important issues that you want to stay of off and I would say that having some power training and then again other types of training, it's not, this is another thing I think is really important. We often think in binary terms, train this way, not that way or there's programs that are devoted. This is how you should train. We should be thinking of training as combining different concepts to a given goal because often doing some light and go training with some heavy or low training, if possible, sometimes that's not possible but sometimes it is. Doing, like I said, some power training with heavy or training or light or low matter or training, these are things that ultimately can optimize the effects for a given goal. Thinking about the power training for me, I would think, well, sounds like it would be easier if I had lighter weights. Can you do, I mean is that still considered power training if there, or does it have to be like a fast movement with a heavier? No, no, no, you, so again you're not going to be able to move heavy, heavy and lighter relative terms. So if you're using the very head, let's see you're doing what's called a 3RM, the maximum amount of weight you can lift three times. Let's have doing a bench press with a 3RM. Even on my first rep, if I tried to move it fast, I'm not going to be able to, because if I could, I'd be able to do more than three reps with that. So you're going to have to choose a weight that is relatively light. Let's say you're able to do a minimum of 10 repetitions, right? 8, 10 repetitions. So again, light exists on a spectrum. 8 is lighter than 3. 3RM is heavier than 8 reps. 8 reps would be heavier than 15 reps, 15 reps. So at what point is that, you know, that optimal effect, there's no research that indicates that at this point, where you're, but you're not going to be able to use heavier. It'll be above, let's say, 8. I'd say you'd have to go a minimum as light as minimum of 8 repetitions, 8RM. If you could do more, if you could do a heavier load, you're not going to be able to move it quickly enough to get that benefit. By the way, there's other things you could do. You can do pieometric training now for some older people that can be somewhat dangerous. But I mean, you can throw a medicine ball. That's a way of power training. So take a medicine ball. I mean, older people can easily do that. We're for the upper body. These are going to upper body movements. That would be, I think, very user friendly for people that are older can be fun, which again, it's kind of, we do see kind of this trajectory from youth to getting into our adulthood and then aging. We're making it fun again. A lot of times is important for older people. What about? So you mentioned with the lifting lighter and the important thing of basically fatiguing yourself, right? You can't just do a couple and compare that to lifting heavier and doing a couple, right? This whole idea of training to failure and what does that mean? Do we need to train to failure? That's important. Yeah, so failure, if an operational definition would be the inability to perform another repetition with proper form. And we carried out a major analysis recently. On this topic, and the bottom one is that, and that's kind of the go harder go home philosophy. That's the bodybuilding, went out of go harder go, every set needs to be taken to failure. The evidence is not an decay, that's the case. So certainly you need to train with a high amount of effort. But to take all certainly to take every set to failure is not, not only does it not, doesn't show any benefit for high-purchase, but it actually showed a small detriment for strength. So with strength, stopping a couple of reps short of failure seemed to have better effects on maximizing strength than training the failure. Again, there's some limitations to that research. How much of that does that mean that if you train to failure, you won't maximize your strength a lot? That's necessarily a more with that, but that is what our result showed. I also would not dismiss the fact that for very high level, let's say you're very close to genetic ceiling, that it might make the need to go to failure, at least on some of the sets, more relevant beneficial. We don't have good it. This is purely speculative of my end, but I can see, at least the logical rationale where it makes your challenge, it's a way to challenge the body in a way that it is not used to. I will tell you that in when I coach bodybuilders, I generally incorporate some failure training, but another area where my view is shifted, maybe not 180, but probably 90 degrees, where I used to be the go hard, go home, do to every set, need to be taken to failure. Now, most sets within two to three reps of failure, so there's a concept called the repetitions in reserve. And zero, the RIR scale, repetitions in reserve. And RIR of zero means your failure. You cannot have done another rep, there's zero reps left before you got to failure. And RIR of one would mean that you have, you could have done one more rep and at that rep, you would be a failure. From the literature, although we don't have a definitive way of making estimates on this, but my own interpretation of the literature somewhere between probably one to three RIR reps from failure would be needed to promote optimal adaptations. You can still see adaptations, particularly when you're more in the newbie stage and the early stages, below that. But one to three, I think is a good general recommendation to, that's necessary to see adaptations. Again, then you start giving into the weeds, getting into the nuances for the gen pop. I'd probably would say that's always going to be effective, and you'd probably never have to go to failure for the goals of most gen pops. For bodybuilders, high level athletes, perhaps some failure training, the less set to failure on some of your exercises at least. And again, you want to get into the weeds, probably using your single joint and machine-based exercises would be more appropriate for failure, let's say, than squats. Well, by-seps curl, lateral reeds, a leg extension, they're going to be, first of all, there's less issue of injury. Because when you go into failure, let's say in a squat, if you've ever squat at a death, and you're in the hole and you're trying to push out, there's a greater potential for injury. You get certainly going to need a spotter in that regard. Well, you can be stuck and you can have problems with a bench press where you're trying to do that rep if you don't have a spotter, you're that bar is stuck to your chest. Whereas if you're doing, let's say dumbbell curls or lateral raises, the very least you're not going to be really torched after your sets. You're going to be able to come back strong. So these are just general speculative of my part, but I think there's good logical rationale behind these things. And I do want to say that an evidence-based approach, so I do want to promote one of the things I look like biggest hobby horse in life is to promote the importance of evidence-based practice. It is not simply deferring to research. Research is never going to tell you what to do or virtually never. It's going to provide general guidelines, particularly in the applied sciences like exercise and nutrition. It will get you into the ballpark, or you know, give you general strategies to use. You then need to take this to the individual. What are their genetics? What are their lifestyle? There's stress level, they're sleeping, nutritional status, all of these things together. And then of course goals are going to enter into it. So developing a program from the research means to understand the research and then to use your own expertise in combination with the goals and abilities of the individual. With the designing the training programs, sort of, I expect what kind of, I mean, sort of talking about this. The training til failure sounds like that's pretty clear for me. Maybe the bodybuilders is a little bit more important, but for most people getting within one to three reps until failure answers the will you get a lot of questions about how many reps do I need to do? How many reps do I need to do? It sounds like it depends on the person. When you start to feel that fatigue when you're getting close, you know, right? So that's kind of what I'm thinking from myself, resting between those reps or between the sets, or which ways it, the resting intervals between the sets. It's between the sets. So basically when you're getting ready to do another set, like how many sets do you need to do or how long do you have to rest between them? Is that important? Yeah, so again, it's on a spectrum and it depends on, so I talked to my students, tell asked me questions and I say, you know, pretty much any applied question you're going to ask me, I will answer with an it depends, because within broad spectrums you can get, if you're doing a very minimalist routine, you can make it. So if you're saying is it important, it starts to become more and more important, the more important it is to you to maximize your results. If your goal is just to build some muscle, gain some strength, a very minimal routine. I mean training an hour a week, let's say two days, two half hour sessions a week can give you very nice, most people, very nice results provided your training hard. Is that going, if you're looking to be a bodybuilder, is that going to, you're going to step on stage? No, I would say with 100% confidence, that is not going to be sufficient to optimize your gain. So volume has been shown to be a driver of my part, so you're going to be done. Original research on this, we've done made a nap and made a little work. And there is a dose response relationship up to a certain point. It is individual specific as well, so some people respond better to respond well to lower volumes. Some people need more volume to maximize their results. Hard to study individual responses, but these are kind of general insights that we glean from the literature. But I would say as a general guideline to optimize high-purchasing, if you want to be somewhere between 10 to 20 sets per muscle per week. Now that's not going to be able to be done doing two half hour sessions per week. But we recently published a review paper called No Time No Eft, it's open access. You can maybe post on this podcast, the link to that or show the image of the study. But we basically kind of looked at what is your minimal effective dose. And it was roughly around four sets per week per muscle per week, which again can be done to maximum three half hour sessions, two to three half hour sessions per week. You can get very nice results. And I think it probably, for most people, the majority of gains in that period of time. And then if you want more, you're going to have to devote more time. Are there certain strategies that can be, so we were talking about power lifting, are there certain things that can be done to be able to not have as much time as well? I mean, it's very inclusive after size. Yeah, so a couple of things. Number one or several. First of all, training with lighter loads, well again, it's a very viable option. It does extend the time of the workouts. With your training let's say with 30 reps, the set's going to take triple the amount of time if you're training with 10 reps. So that if you're very time-press can be a consideration. Now how much that depending upon how many sets you're doing, if you're doing minimal, minimalistic training, it's probably not adding that much time on. If you're doing a lot of volume, it can be more extensive. But using multi-joint exercises, so again, multi-joint is more than one joint presses, rows, squats, deadlifts, push-up, chin-ups. These were exercises that involve multiple muscle groups. A lot of stabilizer muscles. They're much more time-efficient than doing, let's say, a bicep curl. So when you don't let's say a lat pull that or chin up, you're working your biceps very effectively. You're performing elbow flexion and addition to working your lats. The sternal portion of your pacts even are working in many of the stabilizer muscle groups. Squats involve many muscle groups, really, the total lower body, and even stabilizers in your torso. So I would say focus more on your multi-joint exercise. And then you can use various time-efficient strategies. So kind of these advanced training methods such as a superset, which is doing two different exercises. And there's different ways to structure these, the something called a pear set, pear set. Well, you do agonist antagonist movements, such as so the biceps and triceps are agonist antagonist muscles, meaning that one one is contracting, one is shortening the others, I don't know if you do a biceps curl, you can immediately do a triceps press down after that and really you're working the muscles in different fashion. You don't have to rest between the sets. You could do a leg exercise followed by an up, so lower body followed by an upper body exercise. Again, you're working different muscle groups so you get it's more time-efficient. You don't have to take the rest. If you're going to do what's a set of chest press, so let's say I do the typical traditional way of doing sets is you do a set, then you rest, then you do another set for the same muscle group you rest. That's going to take more time because you're going to have to rest between those sets. There is something called drop sets where you can do a set to failure, so it's not my close to failure, then you drop the weight. I don't really drop it away, but you reduce the amount of load. So let's say for instance, let's say you're using you have a rack of dumbbells and you use 20 pound dumbbells for curls. You can then when you finish you're getting really difficult on those last reps, you then go to the 15 pound dumbbells and you do more reps because you're writing the loader able to do more weights. You can do triple drops so you go from 20 to 15 to 10 to 5 even. And just do them without any rest and then not do any more sets rather than doing multiple sets. You just do this one drop set, one drop set. Now is that as effective as doing multiple sets of the same muscle? We don't have enough evidence to show, but I do think we have enough where I would confidently say for the gen pop, it will be just close to as effective. I don't think for the majority of the populations it will make much difference. Again for the high level athlete, bodybuilder, it might. And that's where again context is important. Where this idea of resting on this is great information that says, I'm typically the way I work out, which is far from bodybuilder. Well, a fall. I don't rest in between sets, but I'm also immediately switched to the next thing. And then I'll eventually go back to that first muscle group I was working. So I'll have like three different muscle groups and I'll and I'm doing the lighter and faster. And then so if you are doing a set, like why is it important to rest in between this set? Is it like something to do with like muscle protein synthesis or what? Well, I mean if you're going to let's say you won't you're going to do four sets of chest presses. You have to rest because if you're training really hard at that last step, you pick up the weight, let's say in two seconds, you're not going to be able to do it by default if you're training very hard, you're not going to be able to do any more reps, or else than your weight failure. So you have to have some degree of rest. Now if you're resting very short periods, let's say you're resting 30 seconds. You're the amount of load that you're going to be able to do will be much less or the amount of reps at the same load. And this is actually interesting. So it had always been promoted as another area where I've shifting my thought processes. But it had been promoted that resting shorter was better from muscle height purge of visor. It had been taught that I was an up and coming strength and conditioning professional that if you want strength, you take long rest like three minutes in between your sets and for hypertrophy it's like 30 seconds to a minute because that will maximize the hormonal response. So in between sets or depending on the type of training that you are doing, shorter rest intervals will promote interset rest intervals will promote greater growth hormone testosterone and IGF one responses after the workout is over. The literature and that used to be thought to be a main driver of hypertrophy, the compelling body of literature now shows that it probably doesn't have, if it does happen effect, it would be very modest and it might not even have any effect at all. So certainly it would not be something that I consider would be important to take into account. And the issue is is that volume will load the amount of total amount of weight that you lift in a given session which is the amount of work that you're doing does seem to be a factor. So let's say I'm doing a set of squats with 200 pounds for 10 reps and then I rest 30 seconds between trying to do another one after 30 seconds. Let's say I tried to use that same 200 pounds. I'm not getting anyone near 10 reps and based on the literature that we have, I'm probably only getting 5 reps. Whereas if I would rest 2 minutes, I'd be able to get much closer to that 10 reps and if I rest 3 even more. And that's why it's actually been shown that resting short having short rest periods between sets. If you're doing a certain number of sets and you're resting short, taking short rest, it actually compromises hypertrophy. So it actually has a negative effect giving greater credence to the fact that at the very least the volume load is more important than any hormonal effects that are given. Which makes sense. I mean, but what you know and we talked about this a little bit with with Stewart is that as you mentioned the hormonal effects, at least you know endogenous and hormonal effects you're getting from resistance trading not taking exogenous hormones. Don't have, don't seem to have much of an effect on muscle protein synthesis, but and Steve was mentioning this with growth hormone, you know, affecting collagen synthesis. And so then a question I've of course had was, well what if that's doing something for preventing injury because you're getting more collagen synthesis and tendons? I mean, I don't know that anyone's looking at that, but we don't know, but I would say again growth hormones are very interesting hormone because it's pulsed so it's secreted at night is when you're getting your greatest growth hormone release. Your guess is as good as mine because like you said, it's purely speculative. I would be skeptical that that brief spike in growth hormone post exercise would meaningfully alter tendons synthesis, let's say to where it would be reducing your injury potential, but without knowing it could. Yeah, but dismiss it we would need research on this. With respect and I think you kind of already answered this, but I just want to make sure with designing this program, differences between men and women should women then really be focusing more on the multi-joint exercises, specifically also because of the effects on bone mineral density and is that or I should all of us be and it should be focusing more on that. Yeah, women really do should not train much through all different from men. The one area that there seems to be some evidence is that women are able to recover a little more quickly, both intersects so they can actually rest somewhat shorter and gain back most of the volume load, like I said, it's not clear whether this has something to do with dodgy and so internally or whether it's the fact they're just in general using lighter loads than men, so it's easier to come back if you're using 200 pounds versus 100. We don't know and even the recovery between sessions may be a little better, the ability to recover, there's some evidence of that, but as far as the overall program, I don't program women much for all different way to men. For recovery, you hear a lot about the importance of recovery, the importance. What does that mean? What does that mean? Oh, it means that you need to take sufficient time so that you're able to come back strong for your, I mean, it means a lot of different texts, different depending on the context, but I think in the context of our talk that you're able to come back with sufficient energy and joy-related reserves where you're able to train effectively in your next session that your training is not compromised in the next time you're going to live. To some extent, it also has to do with the muscle protein synthetic response, which is roughly the time course, it's about 48 hours, can be truncated a little as you get actually more advanced. You seem to get a higher spike, so it happens quicker and actually trails off a little more quickly in some of the research, which is I think getting a little too much into the weeds, but theoretically you probably wouldn't need to train a muscle or it would be beneficial to give it 48 hours rest so that you can maximize that and work on other things or even just recover. It wouldn't be, certainly, it doesn't seem to be beneficial to train it on a daily basis, the same muscle and that having that recovery allows you to do other things that would potentially develop your body or and know your health to a greater extent. Does it blind? I personally could be training the same muscle. So there's actually some interesting, it's kind of a quivicle. We actually care, could tell I've done a lot of work and all of these vary well. So we carried out a study where you had these were young men. We don't have any evidence in older people and I can make a case where it might because recovery seems to be blunt and all the blood I'll get to that in a minute. But in young men, we had them doing either the same exact routine done over three days with more, so when they did it over three days, they performed more sets per session. So it was like twice, each session was twice as long or else doing short sessions spread out over six days to same exact routine. And no difference for most of the muscles, but we looked at the biceps and the biceps growth was much greater in the group that did three days versus six days. Is that an anomaly? Again, we don't know. You'd need to replicate the study. Now, as I just mentioned, older individuals recovery does start to become a factor. And this is just looking, aging. You can't, certainly you can stay off aging, but you can't prevent it in the consequences of it. So to a large extent, we can live extremely healthy and vibrant into our older years, provided we take care of our bodies and do things. But, Father time, Mother time, we'll catch up to some extent. And we do have to take this in our account with programming. So like I said, no differences between men and women per se, but there are differences between younger and older individuals. And one of them, when I have consulted with older individuals, is to factor in not have as much volume, so that the ability to tolerate volume seems to go down to some extent. And by the way, interestingly, it seems their maintenance needs to be somewhat higher for volume, so they can't use as high-bimes, but also they need to have a kind of a higher minimum volume to maintain their mass. This limited evidence of that, but there was one study in particular that seemed to indicate that. And also having more cognizants of inter-session recovery and sometimes having fewer sessions per week. How much recovery would be older people? So again, this really depends on the individual, because there's older individuals, like I mentioned, that I can wipe the floor with 30 year olds. And there's other ones. So these are things that it really will depend upon, so it depends. How long have you been training? There you would just knew when you were 60 years old to training or have you been doing it since you were 20. You know, what do you have joint related issues? What's your nutritional status? What's your sleep and stress status? Are there any other medical issues? So a lot to unpack and on a general level, I think most kind of three days a week as of default, that would be a good. I mentioned that two days a week, people can still make robust gains, but I think three days a week would get you a little better gains and if possible, even on a minimalist basis, if you can do three, half hour sessions per week. I think that's a good kind of minimalist guideline for everyone, including all the people and then, you know, some individuals can do a, what's called a split body routine where they could do, let's say Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday and upper lower upper lower type routine and recover well. Whereas others need that three day, you shouldn't do more than three days a week. Is there anything that can speed up recovery, silver cover being, it's passive recovery, active recovery, like things that can help speed it up, nutrition wise or other things as well? Yeah, first of all, being recreational, active, so blood flow does help with recovery. One of the worst things you could do is just be a couch potato. So what's a do-or-resistant work at me, rest of the week you're just sitting on the couch, you know, want you to go bomb bonds and watching your favorite TV shows. That's the circulation itself is going to optimize the delivery of nutrients and expedite delivery and recovery in that respect. Other things have somewhat less evidence behind them. So massage has been shown to potentially help recovery. What's a problem with that was hard to sham massage, so when your massage feels really good, hey, I feel better. I'm going to, it was that because of the massage because of the psychological effect that you, yeah, feel better now, I feel better. We're foam rolling, you know, these are all things that we it's hard to sham them properly and get a sense, was it really the treatment or was it the placebo effect? Because you always want to placebo if you don't, if your comparing it is nothing, then hey, it felt good, so I feel I have better recovery. You know, taking in proper protein itself, that to me is in a recovery strategy that just should be part of your lifestyle if you want to, if you want to maximize your results, but if you're not taking in enough protein, protein of the building blocks of your muscle and of any tissues, so you're not going to get proper, proper recovery if you're not optimizing your protein nutritional intake. And there's other, I mean, a central fat fatty ass particular in threes, your omega 3 fatty ass, it's seem to have certain beneficial effects on muscle development. Particularly it seems for the older people, but we don't have great evidence, longitudinal, we have some good, good acute studies that seem to show that. Anyway, so these are all, I think strategies, again, cross-benefit, well massage, if you're paying for it, that's a cost to that, but if you have, that's a significant other, that can massage, you can make good ad-help foam rolling, you know, really not a cost to that. There is some evidence that cold water immersion, we can kind of get into this, might expedite cold recovery so that you're not going to be a sore. So if the recovery has to do with getting back to trainability levels so that you're reducing soreness and heat, by the way, is another thing, which generally does not seem to have negative effects so again, those are potential strategies. Now, if you want to get into, it's kind of interesting with cold water immersion, okay, there would be particularly it's been shown with the cold water immersion. There is emerging evidence that it actually has negative effects, particularly when I preach people on strength measures as well. Some what-glimited evidence, but it's been showed, there's triangulation of evidence, meaning that we have acute data that shows up once in tricelular and a bioxignaling that it blends muscle protein synthesis, satellite cell. So when you talk about anabolic signaling, the problem inflammatory response, on what end is why corn incoded helps with recovery, but the acute problem inflammatory response actually has been shown to have a positive effect on muscle development. So chronic inflammation bad, acute inflammation good, at least that's the extent of what we see from the literature. And there's been longitudinal evidence showing that at once I preach the overall longer term studies. Now, that is when these studies have done, and done doing this every day or very frequently post-training, I would say that if you're only going to do it one time, let's say you're feeling really sore, nothing wrong with getting at a cold top. It's not, doesn't mean all your gains are going to go. If you occasionally do a cold water immersion, but I do think that using it frequently, probably if your goal is optimized, muscle growth, not a good thing, timing might be a concern. So if you want to do that, probably spacing it out at long periods after, but then you might not get the benefit you want. Like if you're sore, you're going to want to be doing it when you're sore. So if you're sore the following day, yeah, I think that might be beneficial and where you've kind of gotten out of your window or we've gotten the majority of your protein synthetic responses in. But again, the primary reasons that cold water immersion seems to have negative effects in number one, but the protein of the promotivator response in number two, but the circulatory response that cold water restricts the circulation and thus you're not getting nutrient delivery to the muscles speculative, but that's the working theory. Right, so that would make sense to not do cold water immersion right after your strength. Like if it's like your day, I like to do cold water immersion for brain benefits like in feeling you get neuro-benefinally, isn't it, it affects my anxiety and my mood and focus and attention, but I don't ever do it after strength training. So it's usually on a day that I'm not strength training. So the other thing would be you mentioned soreness and people using it for soreness, but what should you be sore? Like should you train to be sore? Does that play a role in hypertrophy and then, you know, like, is that something to get more sore with age as well? Or is what's that indicative of? I mean, yeah, so another interesting question is soreness. To some extent, does genetically influence an interestingly, it seems women seem not to have as much soreness as men? There's been some speculation it might have to do hormonally with estrogen. It could be other effects as well. But so it's an interesting question. Soreness generally is due to a novel response or novel stimuli. And usually that's, it's primarily due to the eccentric component of exercise and that by the way, can also be done through, well, let's say down to a running would be an eccentric form of aerobic training. But let's just focus on the resistance training aspect where the lowering, so eccentric is a lowering basically, lengthening muscles are lengthening under tension. And even concentric exercise cancores soreness and those muscle damage that occurs. But it seems to be also more specific to muscle damage and even damage within the epomysium or extracellular matrix. Again, these aren't necessarily clear, so it's connected tissue might be even more relevant, it's speculative that might have greater relevance to soreness with no receptors that are exposed to free nerve endings and this interaction with free radicals. It's a whole theory behind this. Do you need to be sorted to make gains? No, well, I think that's pretty clear, but could being sore potentially be indicative that there may be some additional positive gains? It's not clear, but a novel response, again, why does the body adapt? It adapts because it is being challenged beyond this present state. A novel response would generally indicate as being taxed beyond its present state and thus having some degree of soreness might indicate that you are challenging it beyond this present state. But again, some people is genetically influenced, so some people just don't get sore and some people get a very responsive to soreness regardless. There does seem to be a repeated bout effect, whereas you keep doing the same thing over and over again, the body adapts and gets less and less sore over time, but some people keep doing the same thing and they keep getting somewhat sore. Where soreness is an issue, so if you are mildly sore, I think it's probably not only okay, maybe it's positive, it shouldn't be negative. If you're not sore, I don't think you should worry about that per se. But on the opposite, if you are very sore, that is a negative because that's going to impair your ability to training at heart and that would be an issue. Other things people can do to help with this with the soreness that aren't going to blunt their hypertrophy or maybe be bad for them otherwise, so that you know about any evidence-based things that people can do to improve their soreness. Improve their response to soreness? Yeah, so that's not maybe that sore as long or well, could you? Yeah, you can not focus on the eccentric component, which probably is not a great thing because eccentric, not only is the eccentric component as important, there seems to be a synergism between eccentric and eccentric exercise where the intracellular signaling cascade for eccentric exercise is somewhat different than that of concentric and that would imply synergism in terms of the hypertrophic response. There was also evidence that muscles develop regionally, so it's interesting research that like certain parts of muscles will develop more than others. And eccentric exercise seems to work more in the distal portion of the muscle, whereas concentric seems to work more in the mid portion of the muscle and thus combining them again would be beneficial. So it doesn't seem to be, although yes, you can reduce the soreness that's developed by not doing, you know, focusing on your concentric. When suggests that, by the way, there was I don't know if they're still around, but there was a gym chain called curves, I don't know if you heard of them, but they had these machines that just did the concentric exercise because the whole thing was, they didn't want their focus on older women and they thought that this would be a negative, the soreness would just scare them away and they just had these machines that focused on the concentric portion. But again, if you go with to optimize games, that's not a great strategy. So look, you can do warm water baths, seem to again help to leave the edsourna stewing active recovery, just walking around, you know, for a property doing certain motions that would rub a kick and pump your arms, you could do the elliptical that has the arm crank just to get blood flow to the area would help to leave the edsourna. And the other thing I would say, if that's the goal, stick to the same exercises over and over. Now again, one of the benefits exercise selection is another potentially important thing if you want to optimize games, and that's again promoting a novel response, factoring in different movements can be beneficial to optimizing results and that would again have to do with the novelty of the movement, but that will come with the caveat that there'll be some sort of this. So two things that come to one is a roboge exercise you're talking about blood flow and that's another area that I was wanting to talk to you about was the combination of a roboge exercise and strength training and the effects on muscle hypertrophy. Combining them may be even just either with like days. So you do strength training one day and then a roboge exercise the other day so that's kind of a little bit it seems like what you're talking about having the blood flow to help even with recovery or soreness. But also what if you do it within the same on the same day, in the same session even? Yeah, so there's been a lot of talk about concurrent training being detrimental to those something called the chronic interference hypothesis which basically was actually shown in animal models and rodent models where the signaling interested with the signaling for cardiovascular upregulated your catabolic pathways, your MPK pathway. Again, I don't want to get too technical here but the MPK is a catabolic pathway which actually blunts the M2R pathway which is an outabolic pathway and your alternatively or resistant your anaerobic exercise was your anaerobic pathway and that does if you did aerobic training it would blunt the adaptations for resistance training and that actually has been shown to be at least at the very least at a way over simplification. Now at some point there will seem to be some interference. But it does seem that it's a lot that point is a lot further along than what we originally had thought. Yeah and I think that more has to do with the overtraining effects than probably the intracellular signaling effect. But it's not clear but we have some pretty good made animalitic data now showing that within decent volumes of training there does not seem to be a bunting of the antibiotic effect and that's even when it's performed in the same day. There was some evidence that perhaps even at somewhat higher levels that maybe there was a negative effect on fiber type specific, particularly in the type one fibers. Again I think it's a little premature to draw strong influences on that. But what I would say is I think the general recommendations that I would make from the literature that we have like you said if possible space it out so that if you're doing resistant training Monday, Wednesday Friday you want to do six days of week training. Do you aerobic training in your alternative days? Do you think there's this Saturday? If not possibly do a morning afternoon type thing or evening we do it's a resistance training the morning cardio in your evening and at worst if you have to do them in the same session do you resist always do the resistance training first because if nothing else the aerobic training can compromise your energy levels to do the string string it can compromise the performance. So that and itself would have a negative effect if you're going to compromise performance on your results. I do also want to point out that this is again a very nuanced topic so how much resistance training you're doing, how much aerobic training. So it's particularly with the aerobic training, are you doing long slow distance or you're doing six days a week of marathon running training? Yeah that's going to certainly start to have negative effects on your muscle development. If you're walking 10,000 steps a day 12,000 steps a day very unlikely that's going to have any negative effect. If you're doing three high intensity interval training sessions per week very unlikely that's going to have a negative effect. So there's a spectrum on these things. It's not these are not yes window questions that I can give a cookie cutter response but on a general basis you need to think at the very least being tuned with your body and that's to me one of the most important things I can communicate to the audience is to really start to be in tune with your body if you feel you need extra time off you're probably overdoing it and I think a lot of times people are just oblivious again to a routine and it's just a half to do this, half to do this and try to be intuitive. Use your intuition and if you think you need a day off take a day off take a day off the cany tune is off. D-load periods when done properly can be beneficial where you're having periods of reduced training frequency particularly if you're training very hard. If you're doing the typical type of work out that most gen pops through you probably don't need a deal out because you're not training hard enough to warrant that but certainly if if you're a very serious exercise or bodybuilders particular and high level athletes into spurcing regimented periods of reduced training frequency volume intensity I think are very important. How do people that are endurance athletes like that are training for race or whatever do that? I mean like can they still incorporate their resistance training in their obviously very extensive endurance training program without overtraining is it even? Yeah so one thing I would say for endurance so endurance training athletes are somewhat of a fairly compass of fairly wide spectrum but let's take your typical runner. So when we're talking endurance cross country you know doing marathon type running or long distance cross country weight is an issue so you want to train in a way in a more minimal as fashion because higher volume programs will tend to put on muscle mass you want to try as an endurance based athlete to reduce muscle mass development and maximize strength development and that would be using heavier load so that's where you don't want to do your light load training with higher volumes. You'd want to focus more on your let's say three to five rep training for a few sets so that is not going to the volume will be insufficient to substantially increase muscle mass. So volume is a driver of hypertrophy and if you're doing low volume training with heavy loads then generally speaking you're not going to gain much weight in terms of muscle mass but you will be able to get the benefits that will help you optimize your endurance capacity. That makes sense. What about stretching? That's something you know I see people stretching in the gym and they were stretching before I said they're stretching in between sets after working out is it what role the stretching clay in I mean muscle proteins in the scissors or muscle hypertrophy or injury or anything flexibility anything. Yeah so different approach from different levels but on a basic level most people take a stretch in from a flexibility standpoint. To people need to stretch if you need more flexibility then it would be beneficial to stretch. Stretching for the sake or getting what I should say is gaining flexibility for the sake of gaining flexibility is misguided because increased flexibility reduces the stability of the joint so if you can do what you need to do from an activities of daily living standpoint from a mobility flexibility step with no reason to gain more flexibility. If you are a let's say a punter in football you're going to need to be able to get your leg very high or rock-headed in the radio city musical they would you know necessarily want to do if they're not able to do it or even to continue doing it to do some type of flexibility training. But for the majority of people that's not an issue so they'd have to everyone has to assess their own flexibility in these. With that said resistance training itself is a active form of flexibility training and there's been studies that show that compared to static stretching you get similar benefits doing resistance training protocols provided that you're training through a full range emotion. So if you are lifting weights total body through a full range emotion you get similar benefits to static stretching. Combining them is even better if you want to add on your flexibility so if you don't think you've gotten enough flexibility from your resistance training and you need more from an ADL activities. Do you have any other standpoint then go for it? Now I have a approach this also from a muscle protein synthesis this is actually quite interesting. I'm collaborating with the group from Germany and they actually have other research that's recently come out showing that long-term if you stretch now this is a lot of stretching but they did an hour a day using the stretching boot. They got marked hypertrophy like 15% growth in the calf muscles. And the muscle thickness really interesting. Now I don't know who wants to use a stretching boot for an hour a day but it just shows that stretching I mean there is tension during the stretch and that tension muscle tension is a mechanism of hypertrophy. So doing long-duration stretch and these were intense stretches that were like an eight out of ten on the discomfort skill. So not a fun thing so it's not like I'm stretching you know and then we're fairly intense stretch. So it does show that stretching itself can have an out of bulk effect. We recently published a study and there were some papers before this also showing this that what's called intersat stretch loaded stretch. Promoted somewhat greater gains we used it in a calf exercise. So basically subjects did calf raises. What's called plantar flexion for their gastric knee missosolis which of the two or calf muscles. And this was actually within subject design were one leg. They just rested for two minutes between the sets. They did their calf raise and then they rested to it. The other group of the other leg they would do their set and then immediately after the session the set they would descend into a stretch and with the weights they wanted. So they were basically a loaded stretch and it was intense. I mean it was you know they were kind of hurting at that last through what they could to endure towards the end of the stretch and they did it for 20 seconds and then they rested for the rest of the rest interval. And that we found somewhat greater growth in the soviet muscle and really no difference, no substantial difference in the gastric knee missos. Now interestingly the soviet is a type one dominant fiber muscle. It's about 80% soil twitch type one fibers. So what kind of raises the possibility is the stretching at least the loaded stretching that we're doing more specific to type one fibers than type two. Not sure. All this talk makes me think about yoga and I mean yoga I mean it's stretching but it's also like pretty intense. I mean you're holding the pose and your muscles first hurt like what are what are your thoughts on yoga because it somehow do you think it could you could extrapolate a little bit. Yeah so um no again they're different I'm not a yoga specialist but I have I do know something about it and there's different forms of yoga that have some of more clinical strength related focuses within them. You certainly can gain muscle from yoga but is it going to optimize muscle? No because again you're not really as a general real least from what I know through most of the forms of yoga you're really not challenging over time maybe at the beginning when you're a newbie you can that's where you're going to see your gains but over time you don't challenge the muscle sufficiently to need to adapt so you will plateau rather quickly and you'll maintain so you can get some gains at the beginning can there be ways that you might adapt your or third the yoga principles to doing that I would guess but I'm not familiar enough with the strategy to you know decide. Some maybe yoga wouldn't shouldn't be used in instead of a course in training but in addition to. If you want to optimize again I resist as training is paramount regardless all of these other things are potentially beneficial and again if you have well the time in the world don't fall to the extent I should say it would as long as you're not over training to the extent that you don't over train within your body's capabilities but I think if you can only do one my objective somewhat biased of you is that resistance training is irreplaceable. Yeah there were some people that were kind of mostly women wondering oh can you other be considered resistance training and I think you might like oh no that's a good question because you know I could in my head come up with the way where yes it would be so that is good to know one thing I want to talk to you about we're going to and we're getting close to the end and this is something that I know you've talked about before and I've heard people talk about in fact I think Joe Rogan was the first guy to tell me about this and I was like you might just see my face on camera I'm like what this blood flow restriction what is it you know are there benefits drawbacks to it what yeah so again another topic that carried out quite a few studies on so we talked about light load training blood flow restriction training uses a cuff and it's used approximately in the muscle I mean the upper portion of the muscle that you're looking to train the caveat is number one you could only use it on your arms and legs you can't train really your chest your back for your shoulders because you're only can do it proximal but let's take your biceps for instance you would cuff up by the delta I the delta I'd muscle as you're shoulder muscle and you put a place of cuff here and then you do let's say biceps curls and you could try to suppress downs you same thing would be the cuff in the same place with the legs you would cuff at the grind area you know the upper thought very upper region of the fine do let's say leg extensions of squats and you do generally you do this with very light notes they've tried it with heavier loads but doesn't seem to work as well that it's even very light loads 20 to 30 percent one rm but when you're using these very light loads you fatigue much more quickly than if you just did the light load without the cuff so let's say if you're using 30 percent one rm your first set you might get 25 reps and your second set you down at 20 and then 15 and usually the rest intervals are rather short between them good evidence that it promotes similar muscle development to doing traditional resistance training or rather so the rep range strength is similar to light load training without but for restriction your strength is not going to be it's as good for hyperature but strength is somewhat compromised which is always going to heavier loads are going to be better for strength it's just the way it is but you still won't get you doesn't mean this again has been taken it's not binary it's not strength most strength you just don't get quite as much strength but you can substantially improve your strength as well even in well trained subjects now the thing is is it better than light load training well you can light load training I should have mentioned this it is and you've done it you say it's not fun for a lot of people because you just get metabolic acid doses you can you have to train hard you get this burn and when you're doing it over 30 repetitions let's say and you're it's a three second rep that's a 92nd set it's you know 80 and 78 and 90 seconds there's a long period of time we're experiencing that burn quote unquote where's if you're doing a leg let's say a leg extension or by sub scroll with blood for restriction you're cutting the time you're still using the lighter loads meaning that you're not putting as much joint joints stress on but you're cutting the time with that set and thus so somewhat reducing the discomfort is it necessarily better from a results standpoint than light load training there's been no evidence that we've had and so we've had a scene on that but there is some hypotheticals I can I can make cases for certain like the hypothesis epoxy inducible factor is a substance that is thought to increase the hyper trophic response if you say hyper trophic response so there are some logical rationale but we don't have any longitudinal evidence showing it's better and like I said the limitation to it is the inability to do it it's only specific to the extremities there are some potential um I want to at least bring up the fact in general it's shown to be safe but in blood for people that have blood pressure issues I'm not completely convinced there might not be potential issues and the other thing that I want to point out too is that the research we have is in very controlled environments with researchers that know what they're doing you get people they just like put a cuff on their farm starts turning purple where you can really do some damage if you're not doing this properly so you have to be cognizant of how to go about doing it if you're going to apply BFR that was I was going to ask you about that like what kind of cuff are we talking about here like you like I always think of a turnicate with blood pressure and what it's like well so the in research settings there were actually blood pressure type cuffs that are used that we can monitor the pressure that's going on people just use like bandana ties that and they use a rating scale like a discomfort scale of one to ten and saying you should be at a six or a seven but a lot of times people don't gauge their one to ten well and they can be they're saying they're a seven and their arms turning purple so you got to be careful yeah well this has been a really enlightening podcast for me really really really appreciate I'd love to ask you before we before we go on sure about your your personal routine I mean you're a busy busy guy you're your professor you're publishing a lot of scientific papers you're an educator and you're also like very spoken on social media talk about like what how do you find time and what is your routine kind of generally speaking look like sure so for me exercises like brushing a teeth you have to do it that's not really fun for me anymore because I train hard when I do train and that's uh used resistance trading was um but I my routine is much more streamlined from what it used to be and number one just time factors I'm not looking to I was a former bodybuilder and if I was bodybuilding I'd be doing something much different than I'm doing now and as I've got an older the recovery issues start to come in so I'm on a four day week of resistance training routine I do basically a two on one off two once a two on and then I take a rest and I train two additional days and take another couple days off I do an upper lower split my workouts last 45 minutes to an hour so I'm training like three and a four hours a week um I train quite hard when I do train you know all sets are within that I want to two reps of failure and sometimes I do do a set to all that failure I do again lower one day upper the other and I do look every day to get substantial steps I focus on a step count so I target it 12 12000 steps a day roguer when I say a robot titrating just the general step count which is for a real health and again my focus at this point is making sure that I'm maintaining my health that's the most paramount to me and you know still looking good buzz is an issue but I'm not looking to step on stage at this point and thus again it's goal specific and lifestyle specific so I'm so busy as you point it out with not training with research and teaching and also travel that getting the workouts and when I travel by the way it's even now coming out to you at San Diego it's going to be tough to maybe I'll get one day where I usually would get two with a workout but it comes more difficult one of them away and those are kind of structured deloads for me. What about your protein intake to you is that like one point six yeah maybe even a little more I just make sure I don't my cramadage it but I make sure that I'm getting I know just in general what I need to eat and I say a little more is not good hurt me so I'm probably getting a little more than that. Is it hard when you're traveling too? No I mean I was a breakfast this morning I had my omelet and cheese and yeah I'll make sure I get that. Awesome well so Brad you're all of our social media you've got two books can you mention the books and then maybe so you're on Twitter you're very active on Twitter and you tweet very interesting studies and I follow you on Twitter you're also on Instagram you're very active there and you again you're you're breakdown of the studies are great so definitely want to make sure people follow you on on your social media channels. Thank you yeah somewhere too books I have a textbook which is much more technical for those who want to get into like the weeds of science it's called the science and development of muscle hypertrophy published by human kinetics and and that's a hardcover that's a series textbook we use a graduate level for exercise science students but I mean if you have a background something like yourself certainly would understand it but I also have a consumer friendly textbook on optimizing muscle mass quad the the max muscle plan and that's also human kinetics both of them can be found on Amazon and yeah you could follow me just go go meet and you will find it. So you're at Brad show and felt on Twitter and at Brad show and felt PhD on Instagram. Brad pleasure thank you so much for all the great information. Thank you for having