in order to understand how something works and also in order to develop new technologies, you need to be able to write and edit. It's like reverse engineering, electronic circuit, or some software. So I have no idea what this code does. Let's change it. In case the biology, you'll take a piece out and now it no longer handles glucose. See, so okay, that's part of the glucose monitoring system. And you can just get through that and you can get to more and more nuance changes for discovery's sake. But it's often entangled with not just discovering, but making useful synthetic biology. You'll have a challenge that you'll have out there and that will drive the reading and writing technology forward. It will drive our creativity in terms of how these things can possibly influence society and ecosystems. Hey, everyone. Today, I'm extraordinarily excited to you, bring to you Dr. George Church. It's really a special opportunity to talk to Dr. Church because he's one of those rare living historical figures whose work is so vastly influential that it can change our perspective on the potential of an entire field. In my opinion, this gives his generally optimistic take on technology and the future a very special waiting. Through his work in the Human Genome Project, in particular, he has directly contributed to exponential shifts in understanding feasibility and capability in the field of biology. The Human Genome Project began as a $3 billion moon shot shortly after Dr. Church, first pioneered a method of directing a sequencing in 1984. The goal to sequence a single reference genome for humans, completing the initial aim of that project, Dr. Church and his collaborators and colleagues ultimately set us on a path to where we find ourselves today. Sequencing is now over 10 million fold cheaper and most people can get their genome sequence inexpensively if they so desire. But where do we go from there is the question? Arguably, one of the most important geneticists of our time, Dr. Church, help initiate the Human Genome Project in 1984 and the personal genome project in 2005. His lab was one of the first that showed CRISPR Cas9 worked for precise gene editing in normal human cells and he has been behind countless other scientific innovations and disruptions, specifically in the world of precision genome sequencing. Dr. Church has described the key theme of his lab as technology development, radical transformative technologies. So let's talk about those. George, it's hard to know where to start large genome writing history, universal donor cells, multiplex editing and the ability to perform thousands of edits in his single cell, organoids. But maybe we can just start with the Human Genome Project. What is the backstory and how did we get to present day in era of writing? Thank you, Rhonda. Let's see. Let's start with the gene. I think we didn't realize that we were on an exponential when we started sequencing. I got introduced to it through RNA sequencing. There wasn't DNA sequencing. And then, while he Gilbert was my mentor, as a graduate student, and he invented his team in 1977 independently for a singer published in paper that same year, it took a little longer for the singer or method to get implemented. But what happened was very quickly, we got to a point where we were talking about doing a whole genome mainly at the Department of Energy request in 1984. They asked a harder problem, which was how he estimate mutation rates to the consequence of energy. And we felt a handful or maybe 10 of 10 scientists and what would later be called genomics. Said, well, we can't do that. But what we might be able to do is get one genome, and a reference genome. But that consolation prize was big enough that Charles Delicy at the Department of Energy just started writing checks. I mean, it didn't wait for an act of Congress or anything just had money for this kind of R&D because it helped with X. And then, took about three years. So my lab, I was transitioning from postdoc to professor and my lab got one of the first two genomic project grants. And then the NIH took about three years before the NIH got involved. But they got involved in a big way because they felt they were more appropriate vehicle for anything health related than the Department of Energy. And they did a kind of in a team work with maybe 30% DOE and 70% NIH in the United States component plus lots of international collaboration. Really starting in 1990, with a 15-year goal, there was a lot of talk of cutting corners at the beginning, and it didn't necessarily call it that. But there was a lot of people trying to do one X coverage, meaning doing every base pair exactly, reading it exactly once. And I didn't like most of these corner cutting things, but I was the most junior member of the project from the beginning didn't have a lot of sway. I also felt that we should put technology development up front because I could reduce the price and then we could do a lot more than one genome for a lot less than $3 billion. But as soon as some of the senior members of the visionary team, like Jim Watson, who came in later, started representing, getting up support in Congress, if he came evidence that we would have 3 billion and then the motivation for bringing the price down to some peer for a few years at a decade. But it did. So instead of some of the corner cutting was to not worry too much about repetitive sequences, which in the case of the fruit fly was about half the genome. You know, it doesn't matter. And at one point, they were gonna just do the coding regions, which is 1%, turns out we still haven't identified the 1% coding regions that would not have been a shortcut. So a lot of the short cuts were really ill conceived. But fortunately, we did get a decent 92% of the genome and declared victory. As a sub, I wanna make sure we've got that before we go on to writing genomes as a whole, another topic. Do we need more reference genomes and what are your expectations of finding new tools, elsewhere in the evolutionary tree? Well, so yes, we certainly need more genomes. It's not just the reference. It's the population variation of this important. We wanna, the variation is at least as important as the reference. And it helps us make sure we've got a good reference. So you can call that the reference. It's growing recognition that we can represent the reference as a diversity. We are finding tools in the genomes. So one of the new ones is it developed the first kind of recommendations for maybe the 1984, 1985, 1986 was the human genome. As if there were one and as if the Quaritan he other genomes. And I kept advocating for genome comparisons because when you compare to genomes, it's almost as good as an experiment. But it gives you a richer formulation for exploration. And we have part of that genome comparison is resulted in new tool discovery. And so it's kind of a positive feedback with you. You see those some genomes, you find some tools, use those to read and write genomes, find some more tools and so on. I don't know where that ends, but I do think that synthetic biology is probably ultimately unlimited, while the diversity on earth, even though it's vast, is limited, more limited. Almost by definition, we can explore more than currently exist, at least initially in narrow corridors where we're looking at specific tool building, ecosystem restoration and medical consequences. I think there's a rich field of, let's say you had one book and that's the only book you had. You could read it and reread it and you keep learning more and more. But as soon as you start writing books now you got millions of them. So that's how I think the synthetic biology or writing of genomes. I've read a quote, kind of reminds me of the quote that I read from you that stated, I have speculated that essentially everything that we can currently manufacture today without biology, we will be able to manufacture with biology and with potential advantages. Biology is intrinsically atomically precise and it's scalable to cover the whole plan essentially for free. That's pretty revolutionary. I mean, yeah. Maybe, yeah, I mean, that's accurate reflection of how I felt then and how I feel today. Why is it reasonable? So they are atomically precise. It doesn't, biology does not yet gracefully use the entire periodic table or all the chemical bonds that you might wanna make out of that periodic pairs of elements. But it comes pretty quickly. It uses a lot pretty close. It uses a lot of inorganic bonds that might surprise some people. So you can make there are biological systems if you look widely enough. And now we're not talking about necessarily your enzymatic tools which might have been implied in the previous, but all the things that all the chemistry and physics that biology uses, they can make fiber optics, things that are fiber optics, like in sponges, you can make semiconductor, sphero magnetic materials that help it encompass all kinds of dicroics and gradings and that generate colors, and the list goes on on the materials that are used either naturally or where the enzymatic apparatus that is used, actually, if you give it a new set of elements, it will incorporate those. You can say missing, incorporate them, but the point is, it's automatically precise and it could reproducibly make a molecule with thousands of atoms in it. And the next molecule over has exactly as as an atoms and exactly the same configuration. Off by less than an atomic bond in length. So it's really, this is not something that happens in Silicon Valley or other worldwide manufacturing of silicon-based circuits. Or any other organic circuits, it is so far unique to biology. Another thing that's unique to biology is ability to replicate, so you can make it copy of yourself. So to make it copy, the idea that a cell phone can make a copy of a cell phone is ludicrous or so far. But there might be a use of a hybrid system where we use biological inspiration, electronics inspiration, we kind of devices that can replicate, use the full periodic table. And do a few things that electronics is a little bit better at telecommunications, at certain wavelengths, very hazardous wavelengths, like X-ray and Gamma, as well as the other end of the spectrum, the radio. Let's talk about how writing the human genome may help us better understand it. So Francis Collins described the working draft of the human genome as the first glimpse of our own instruction book. But today, many scientists believe that to truly understand the instruction book, we also have to write it. Can you explain why that is? Right. I'm not sure I would say half two, but it is certainly very advantageous. I should mention that we don't even have the full instruction book of any human being yet. We have, we have the, we declared victory in 2001 on a kind of a rough draft of 92% actually. It was considered the final draft of a rough draft in 2001, it was final draft in 2004, but it was still haploid, meaning it's just one genome, while all, essentially, all of us are deployed and hereto's from Mother and Father, except for our gametes. So the, the sequence we have, the one human genome that we have is not of a gamete as of a strange haploid cell. So that's part of the, but that's not the big barrier to understanding, the big barriers, as you say, is, is, in order to understand how something works and also in order to develop new technologies, you need to be able to write and edit and alter. And, and you understand it because you'll, you'll say, it's, yeah, I have no idea, it's like reverse engineering, electronic circuit or some software. So I have no idea what this code does, let's, let's change it and then he's, oh, that, that changes the calendar, okay? So that, that code does calendar, or in case the biology, you'll, you'll take a piece out and now no longer handles, you know, glucose, see, say, okay, that's part of the glucose monitoring system. And, and you can just get through that and you can get to more and more nuance changes for discovery's sake, but it's often entangled with not just discovering but making useful synthetic biology. That, there, you'll have a, these challenge that you'll have out there and that will drive the reading and writing technology forward, it will drive our creativity in terms of how these things can possibly influence society and ecosystems. What's the goal of writing a large, or a whole genome, or an entire chromosome? So, there, there are a few ideas that, that have come up where one, where something at a genomic scale is more desirable than a single gene. So a huge fraction of, recommended the NSTMOs and synthetic biology, historically has been changing one or two genes. And you don't, it doesn't make sense to synthesize whole genome if you just want to change one or two genes, but more and more we're seeing advantages of changing. So many genes, you might as well rewrite the thing. And as the example of that, we have a project to change the genetic code to make any cell resistant to all viruses. And we just published a paper where we think we did that. And the way that it works is that the viruses, as far as we know, depend on the host genetic code, the translation, ribosomal machinery. And if you can change the code without hurting the host, that the host could be a cell, it could be an organism. So far, we've only done it in one industrial organism, you call it. But anyway, if you change that enough, the virus can't mutate. There would be too many changes that are required to get the virus to be back to its healthy state. So, and we think this is completely general, and essentially every plant, microbe, and animal on earth, shares a very similar genetic code to one another. And in any case, have a genetic code that they share with the viruses. And if you take it offline, change it enough. Like sometimes it's few as two codons, let's say two codons at code for searing, loosey and argin in our favorites once, because there's, they have so many codons for each. They're triplets of ACG and T. So, like AA, AA codes for lysine, the amino acid lysine. So, there's 64 of those, and if you change one, you get a new genetic code, you can change two, and now you get something that's multi-virus resistant. So, that's an example where you have to make so many changes, tens of thousands of change them, why they're interspersed throughout the genome, you might as well just synthesize it, and that's what was done. Another example is de-extinction. There, the number of changes you might have to make in order to bring back some physiology, like cold resistance, and all the traits that go along with cold resistance, maybe scattered and round enough that you can think of it either as highly multiplex editing, or as a complete rewrite. And even when you do a complete rewrite, you're not changing every single base pair, all three billion times two bases. You're leaving a mostly intact. You've chemically synthesized it, but it's still useful to think of it as a lot of edits. So, you know, sort of, the maximum number of edits we've done by editing, meaning having an enzyme that's targeted at a particular place is 24,000. And the maximum we've done by synthesis is almost the same amount, although we have synthetic projects which are now getting close to done at 60,000. But then we're gonna take the editing up to a million pretty soon. So, they go back and forth. This is a technical, one leapfrogging that goes on between editing and writing of genomes. This sort of moonshot goal of changing genomes or writing large genomes in a way, writing editing them, where, you know, as you mentioned, you make, let's say you take a human cell and a petro dish, make it resistant to viruses or, you know, make it capable of synthesizing essential micronutrients that we usually have to get from our diet. Like, even if it just sits in a petro dish forever, and that's all, that's the only place it goes. To me, there's something very just fundamentally, you know, all inspiring about that, is that something is that kind of like, along the lines of your thinking with doing some of those things? Yeah, I think the community, the synthetic biology community has responded very in the same kind of awe, inspiring the, the initiation of this kind of project. I hesitate to call it a moonshot because I actually think the moonshot was not as inspiring to me as the satellites, the GPS satellites, the weather satellites and, you know, surveillance of land and, so, and the same thing goes for other big projects. Genome project wasn't as impressive to me as the reducing the cost project, a thousand dollar genome project, sort of the technology development, and the Manhattan project was certainly not as attractive to me as say the projects for a nuclear fusion, which could have, all of these things, could have started much earlier on. They sound maybe a little bit harder, but they have in common is there, they're very much more consciously aimed at positive societal consequences. And I think it's a little easier to get everybody excited about these sort of things, and I think being able to make industrial microorganisms, plants and animals are important for ecosystems, and agriculture and humans stem cells. They won't stay in that future plate. They will make their way into cell therapies in humans. And if we're going to fix something that's broken, that you can fix with blood cells, you might as well have those blood cells be resistant for all viruses as well. If that is shown to be safe and effective by the FDA and some more organizations. You kind of alluded to this earlier, but how do you think the vertebrate genomes project will affect the field of genetics and biology? So the vertebrates genome project, I think is just indicative of our wish to sequence the whole biosphere. Vertibrate's in particular are helpful because they often constitute keystone species in the wild. And I hope, I think there's a reason to believe that we will be restoring more and more of the non-urban environment to wilderness, certainly you can see about a thousand successful we wilding projects, a local we wilding. So for the most famous one is probably restoring the wolves to Yellowstone after 70 years. They had a typical keystone effect. At a ripple effect was anticipated and worked out, which was they changed the abundance of large herbivores, which then changed the abundance of the willows and other trees, which changed the beavers, behavior, which changed the built lakes, which were sold to the aquaculture. So just introducing one verb at all this ripple effect. That's one reason to do it, but there are many others. And if we are causing the extinction of many species, we are also causing the hybridization, which is the creation of new species. It's not clear that we're making extinction faster or more significant than new species. I think our gut feeling is that we are, but it's not proven yet. But in any case, we need to do that survey to see in detail what we're doing. And in some cases, we need to freeze away, as many organisms possible, but we shouldn't be confused, that freezing it away or putting it in a data base, doesn't mean that it's gonna be easy or even possible to restore. We need to do everything. We need to document, freeze, and protect what is already there by shrinking our agricultural use. Possibly by 10 or 100 fold, I think that's totally these old to do with synthetic biology and other new tools that we have. Can you talk about the advantages of perhaps computer, aided design of genomes, the sort of aspirational software heart and soul of the genome project, right? So in particular, I'm curious about advances in AI, like those coming out of deep mine, such as the alpha fold, and if they have special relevance for this sort of complex work. Right, so the genome consists of one percent of it codes for proteins and alpha fold is focused on mostly on the proteins. But there's some software for folding RNA and folding even the genome itself. That can either be predictive or it can be measured. So there's a lot of software that's used for looking through microscopes and determining the structure and try and correlate that structure, again, by synthetic biology, you see, let's change the shape, not just the sequence and see how that see what function that affects. So in that trial and error, I can go very quickly or even exponentially, once you get going, you see the patterns and you start testing more and more sophisticated hypotheses. But alpha fold is not the only way to do it, so there are other machine learning based methods in fact machine learning coupled with multiplex libraries, which can be in the millions or billions of synthetic molecules that act as there are subtle variations or no-summers, not so subtle variations, as you know. If you do machine learning, you're supposed to make a library, so you're focusing on functionality rather than on structure, alpha fold predicts the 3D structure. And to illustrate this, you have let's say you take a serene protease. It's called a serene protease because there's a very key serene at the act of sight. And that serene has an oxygen, as part of the mechanism. If you change that oxygen that hydroxyl to a hydrogen, it now becomes an alanine and it's completely functionless. But the 3D emotional structure is completely preserved. It is atomically precise throughout the structure, but it's a dead enzyme. So it's more interesting, I think, for most practical applications, just setting what functional consequences are of substituting. And that applies not just to proteins, which alpha fold, but also RNAs and DNAs, you want to know what the landscape of functionality is. And that can be done partly by phylogen evolutionary trees, where you line up. We now have tens of thousands of examples of almost every major macromolechule in the cell, proteins, RNAs and DNAs. And then using that, or if you feel less not enough, the evolution has improvised with enough diversity for your machine learning. You can generate your own data set. So when they were learning chess and go, they would have the computer play these games against itself to generate more data. Big data is good in the case of machine learning. And in our case, we use these megalibrers, these millions and billions, even trillions, that act as a kind of a wetware computer. It can do all this computing, and you can read it out in terms of the sequencing that you were talking about earlier. And barcodes, so you can barcode all these molecules and combination of molecules. And so you can think of this synthetic biology library as a kind of an honorary computation device that would use together with the machine learning, which is typically done on a classic monnoyman machine, meaning ordinary kind of computers, most of us would recognize. In your opinion, how is the idea of biology as a software reading, writing, programming, and debugging sort of held up over time? Well, metaphors are imperfect. I think their advantages outweigh the disadvantages of using Greece metaphor. I'm a programmer since the mid 60s, as a preteen. And I've been programming both computers and biology. And I find that the metaphor really works for me personally. Where it breaks down a little bit is, when you say that your goals should be set by the goals of the metaphor, in the early days synthetic biology, or multiple camps, and one of them was camp, where we're going to have nann gates and or gates and if then else is. And all the Boolean logic that might characterize a certain category of computation, electronics. And I felt, and I still feel that there's a lot of interesting biology that occurs with analog circuits. And we've kind of lost track of that, or some of us, of a lost track of that key component of the electronics. But it is there. But anyway, the analogs, there's the evolution, typically when you make cell phones, as far as I know, you make a very small number of prototypes that are very similar to one another and you test them out. But in biology, like I said a couple times now, you can make millions and trillions, and you can do accelerated evolution while with most, you know, fridge building and building trains and jets and cell phones, you really don't have that luxury of making trillions of them and seeing which one works best. How fast is the field of synthetic biology advancing? Are you excited about where the field's going? Do you have any concerns or fears? Yeah, let's say both excitement and concerns. And I think that applies to all technologies. I think that we, the more radical and, just, you know, it could be positively disruptive, but you have to think of all the potential negatives. So it is happening exponentially how fast it's doubles at least once a year. Sometimes we'll get a factor of 10 per year, as measured by both reading and writing DNA. Most of the 10, 20, 30 million fold has occurred within the last decade or two. So it's potentially faster than Moore's law for electronics. And it has kind of this atomic limit that is very comfortable, it's very comfortable programming precise atomic positions using biology. That, that both substitutes, we've gotten, we're getting more and more. Now, on the negative side, we need to be, we have good government agencies, that that we should be very supportive of both intellectually and financially, like the FDA, the EPA, the USDA and their foreign equivalents. These are not sufficient though, because they're things like equitable distribution of technology. We want everybody on the planet to have at least have a chance to, not only theoretically have access to it because the prices right, but also have the education or the dialogue that allows them to evaluate whether they, to know that it exists until an evaluate what they want to use it or not, and whether it's good for them. So it's not sufficient to just like lob over a free piece of software, like, you know, GPS software, not, and they don't know what the satellites are doing, so for now, modern uses of GPS, like Google Maps, is fairly accessible, but there's almost no technology is completely equally accessible, clean water, roads, cell phones are getting accessible in remote parts of the world. So the world, don't think that I, is truly accessible equally that I can think of. Pan is a biotechnology and that is smallpox. It was, it's completely extinct, and so you don't have to constantly be bringing out a new drug or a new vaccine that maybe not everybody can afford every government can't give out for free, smallpox extinction is something we can give out for free, generation after generation. So I'm looking for more and more of those, you know, bringing down the price of reading and writing DNA by 10 million full, it's just a start, we should look for that, and almost everything we do is synthetic biology. Do we need the NIH to embrace the human genome right project, like the did the read or that sort of already happening? I think it would be lovely if they did, I think we need to pursue multiple routes, philanthropy, industry, government, multiple, again, having DOE and NIH in the game was helpful, but there's a number of others that are interested in genome project right in SF, DARPA, DARPA, and IRPA. These have supported it in various forms of supported synthetic biology. Genome project right has, you know, been, it's the air of all those, wonderful funding sources, and I think it's, but, but it, as long as it has a vision that includes something that is net positive for society, that there will be a way and hopefully multiple different ways for different flavors of it. And I think one of those, one of the early flagship challenges is, is, is, is resistance to all viruses in multiple organisms. I think that's something that can be clearly articulated, and it has a much, I think, a much higher positives and negatives, and in most of the negatives, I think we can mitigate about by, you know, thinking of all the, all the, all the possible downsides in how to protect against them. So let's, let's take a dive into some of the gene editing tools and, and whatnot a little bit over the last 10 years since Jennifer, Dowden and colleagues first developed CRISPR gene editing. There's been a lot of excitement about it. Your lab was one of the first to show that gene editing using CRISPR past name could be done in normal human cells, but acknowledging the endotally like revolutionary impact of CRISPR. Do you think it's possible it's been overhyped from the standpoint of the public at large, not having a more comprehensive or appropriate understanding of where it sort of fits within the existing tool sets of synthetic biology? Yeah, I think, I hesitate to use word hype because it implies somebody is being hyperbolic. I think it was, it was kind of a team effort of, it's just, it's wonderful that we're bringing it any part of reading and writing genomes and synthetic biology to people's attention or science for that matter. This is one of the more exciting things in science right now. It's getting people, but it's not, it's not just about CRISPR. First of all, you can't really edit if you can't read. So I think the big revolution here is being able to read the genomes. You read them at the beginning to find the tools. You read them again to decide what your goals of editing are. Then you're, you read it a few times to make sure you're editing is going well. And then you read it again to see that the edit that you made has the physiological consequences, which increasingly we're using DNA reading as a way of, or RNA reading to see how the physiology is going. It's a so-called epigenomics, the physiology. So that reading is important. Another thing that's important is there was some pretty good editing methods that are still in use to predate CRISPR, notably homologous recombination, which smithies and compets you got the Nobel Prize for decades before, Jennifer and Emmanuel. I'm a big fan of Jennifer Panyol, by the way, we've started a few companies together, Jennifer and I. But there's homologous recombination, which is very powerful, it's precise and over large distances, while CRISPR tends to be imprecise and over and or small in scope. Another one that dates back two decades before CRISPR is SSAPs or Lambda Red, sometimes called it's a way of getting precise editing. And that's what we actually used to around 2009 to make libraries of billions of edited cells in a day, single person. So that shows some of the power and the other evidence of its power was that that was the first completely recoded genome was done mostly at a combination of SSAPs and recombinases, which is also very precise. CRISPR was basically a hatchet and I sometimes call it genome vandalism. So I think we need to embrace all of these methods and a few more that are coming now, diaminases that can be done with it without CRISPR and more sophisticated SSAPs and integracies, transposingases. So it's a rich, I think it's okay if the public just lies on the one aspect of it, but it's nice, it is nice whenever a more nuanced and visionary form where it illustrates the importance of reading and other more precise and larger scale editing and writing, where you right synthesize something from scratch, and usually competent by some could be copped in by CRISPR but more commonly as the pop-ton using recombinases or integracies. What about some of the existing capabilities of gene editing therapy, things that have been done in transgenic models for decade at least, or more, deleting versus addition, of a missing gene? Right, so, yeah, so you can think of CRISPR as a subset of editing, editing is a subset of genome engineering, and genome engineering is not a subset of, but it's kind of a vandalogram overlapping set with therapies and GMOs and so forth. So, most gene therapies that have been approved are adding genes, and this is done typically without CRISPR, and when you have a genetic disease, you're missing a gene, so you don't really want to edit necessarily, you want to add it back in. As you grow older, a lot of your gene products, your gene expression is dropping down, one way to deal with that would boost it back up, and we've explored these sorts of things. The use of gene therapy, putting in a missing gene, and in fact, editing for that matter, for rare gene diseases is, by its nature expensive. It's millions of dollars per person over a lifetime, partly because the R&D costs and the pallet of care and all sorts of health care for someone has a very severe disease that might have died young years ago, but thanks to the orphan drug act and others, they can now weed closer to normal life, but it millions of dollars. There is, it's great to have, and we'll keep developing these gene therapies in better ways of delivery. Oh, I forgot to mention, delivery is another thing that sometimes missed when people just shout CRISPR. You have to get it to the right place, the right dose, the right time, maybe to turn off, and it's done a job, so keep it off target, keep it off target, so many of them. Anyway, that this delivery and alternative to this expensive solution is a much lower cost, which is genetic counseling, where you basically tell people before they get married, before they pre-conception, or sometimes post-conception, that they, that they're at risk. They, themselves, are carriers. They are healthy. They will be healthy, but if they marry someone that has the same carrier status, they put their children at risk. So there's, there are two methods. I think a lot of the Western rule tends to go towards interventionists, you know, reactive medicine, where we'll spend millions of dollars, and, you know, by not pursuing preventative medicine, but the preventative medicine in this case is, you know, low hundreds of dollars, just to know yourself, to know how to keep your children healthy by making pre-conception choices. Well, probably circle back to a little bit more of that in a minute, but since we're talking about, you mentioned a few other types of, you know, gene editing, the Damanese, and you've talked about this multiplex editing. What does it mean to be able to go, you know, to performing 26,000 edits, or you said, I mean a million, potentially a million edits in human cells, you know, versus the previous record of something like 62. I mean, what applications does this most impact? Is it, you know, the large genome creation, or tissue engineering or germline? Right, so we did our previous record of 62 or 42, depending on how you count it, was in pigs, and it was for tissue engineering, it was germline. So germline is kind of off the table for human, in part, because there's no clearly articulated medical need, and the time for discovering safety and efficacy is over a lifetime, which is, you know, on affordable and ill-advised. So anyway, but germline certainly gets into humans via, um, uh, pigs. So, so that, this has been the idea of transplanting organs from animals to humans goes back at least in the 1960s, where, uh, chimpanzee kidney survived for nine months in a, in a, in a school teacher, uh, who went back to teach, and, you know, was normal for nine months. But that was, that was the exception then, and it would, and it would, it would be the exception now, except for the synthetic biology that we do on the germline of pigs, which now are made into, uh, many, uh, pre-clanical, uh, primate tribe, primate, uh, transplant trials, pig the, uh, primate, and a few, uh, pig the human trials that are going on. Primate survival looks like around 600 days so far, and there's still, uh, a couple of them are still alive, uh, at 500 or 600 days. Um, we're going to, we're keeping improving these. Um, but that's, that's in the order of 40 to 60, uh, at its per genome in the germline. Uh, if the, the multi virus resistance requires more than that, uh, the, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, some things that are done for, uh, diversity and ecosystem, um, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, a type of tape recorder, so I'm just going to call it a flight recorder, so it's analogous to planes that, that record a lot of data, but typically you don't read it, so a lot of writing that much reading, unless the plane goes down and then you'll look at, you'll look at selective regions for debugging what went wrong. That same thing could be put into the, uh, bodies of plants animals and, and even humans, um, because it's a very compact reporting device of the physiological states of every cell in the body. We, we, we've, we've shown this works sort of in the scale of 60 to 24,000, and that's, that's probably our next, our first effort at, at making a million edits will be in these, the form of these molecular flight recorder. So there's a few examples, but the number will grow as soon as, as soon as we get more than a handful of people working on on these, uh, visionary projects, um, what we'll see, uh, a blossoming of all sorts of creative uses of, of making a multiplex editing. I think non-multiplex editing will become the exception. So you mentioned your lab, you know, g-netted pigs and you enhanced them by making them resistant to some retro viruses. Do you think, you know, as a more visionary kind of question that you could use, you know, more precise, genetic, the D M N A is a CRISPR, whatever, to eliminate viral spillover events from livestock to humans. So, I mean, there's a lot of viruses that originate from, from livestock when we're raising animals and captivity. Yeah, so this is, uh, important, um, so that the, the viruses that we got rid of were in Dodge and a stretch of ours, it's meaning they're built into the pig genome, every pig on the planet. And so, and they, are, have been shown to infect human cells and to replicate and go into other human cells. So this is, particularly, um, bad scenario, uh, in immune compromised patients, and the FDA recognizes decades ago, and really was, I think, pleased to see progress being made on eliminating them from the germline of the pigs. So that, that, that, but in addition to viruses that are built into the germline of animals and humans, there are viruses coming in from outside. And we just published, uh, the first example, this is with Luv Hanyang's team. She was a graduate student at a post-doctoral fellow on my lab and co-founded, uh, egenesis and key hand for making cell therapies and organ therapies. But anyway, as a side project, um, we publish the paper on, um, getting rid of African swine fever virus by making CRISPR to attack the viral DNA. This is, um, what, what CRISPR originally evolved to do is to take out bacterial viruses. We think this is the first case of using CRISPR in a practical sense for eliminating mammalian viruses from the environment. It's using CRISPR against mammalian viruses. So, um, but zoonotic diseases is bigger than that. If we could bake a huge fraction of the, uh, plants animals and humans resistance those viruses because of their genetic code, that actually anticipates viruses. We haven't even seen yet. It should handle all natural viruses. So, like, um, you know, Marburg Ebola, uh, HIV CRISPR, these should not have been, these would not have been surprises. They would have been surprises to scientists, but not to, um, these cancerers, sorry, virus resistance cells. So, sounds like CRISPR seems to be uniquely positioned for that, you know, type of use. Well, not necessarily, I don't, you know, I like the, I love CRISPR. I personally benefited from it, but it is, um, I like the balance that there are other nucleases that some people claim are more specific, but soft target. There are DM and ACEs that don't evolve CRISPR. So, I wouldn't say, uh, what, you, term unique is too strong. Uh, we have a lot of tools in the toolbox and, um, you know, and it, a lot of it has to do with, um, delivery and testing to testing as a big deal, which is somewhat, just slipped, swept under the rug, um, when we're just, it's just like, oh, yeah, who the design, you know, CRISPR and take care of everything, but there's a lot of reading and, uh, right, you know, synthesis, which is in CRISPR and, and then the delivery and testing. So, it's a, it's a integrated whole that doesn't require CRISPR. So, another technology would be base editing, which, uh, you know, doesn't evolve double stranded breaks and DNA, and I know there's a phase one be trial with the PCSK9 target. They're targeting it, doing targeting for the liver as a potential treatment for the hyper cholesterolemia, a familiar form. Um, I'm, you know, I just read about this recently and pretty excited. I mean, I've, you know, I know people that are, that are taking the anti-PCSK9 antibodies, which are very expensive, um, and you have to get a Marbytree to four weeks. So, uh, it'll be interesting to see, you know, if the base editing could be a one and done treatment, you think, or, uh, that, that is one of the advantage of gene therapy in general, whether it's editing or, or adding genes. Um, uh, I, yeah, I think that a lot of, a lot of our diseases are diseases of wealth. I mean, we used to have much more active, uh, vegan diets, um, low, you know, low and overall carbohydrates mainly because those low and calories all together. Um, and so diabetes and, uh, part of, in some of the cardiovascular diseases, in effect, this also we didn't live as long in general. Uh, so it was less of an issue. So these are, but, but, but PCSK9 is, it looks like shaping up to be a terrific, uh, example, um, of something that basically all humans can be thought of as having the same disease. And therefore, it's a large market could be low cost. Um, aging is another, uh, a variety of age related diseases that might have a common core where we are programmed to die at a certain age. And my style at two years old, both at whales at 200 human summary of the queen. And so that's probably negotiable. Um, PCSK9 is, it is not solving aging in general. It's, it's a very specific, um, thing that may become in the most, human's. It was de-risk because there were a few humans that were walking around that were basically double-nall for both copies of their PCSK9 from on-dath. And that, that kind of showed us that it was going to be safe and effective. Um, although there's still quite a bit of studied long term studies that have to be shown that makes sure it doesn't cause early, um, onset neurodegeneration in the particular way that we're, uh, implementing it, which is not germline, which is how it. The, uh, people that previously had PCSK and those, not, nulls for germline via natural rotations. Since you mentioned aging, uh, and it sounds like, and I think you think aging is fundamentally a program. It's, it's a really interesting idea when that's probably, it's got many implications. So, um, whether, especially when we're thinking about whether or not we can mitigate aging or potentially cure it. So, could you talk about your perspectives on that? What you think might mean for the future of human aging? Well, so we're, uh, mostly aiming for as serious diseases of aging. They, they, they may have very, relatively little in common in terms of what organ is affected, you know, what system there may be nine or ten different pathways that can be affected so called hallmarks of aging. So there's a great diversity, but they have it. We, there is a school of thought that they have it and a small core set of systems biology systems medicine that if you get it that core, you can, you can change the clock, you can make it shorter, uh, as in mice or longer as a bowie whales. And, and, and, and then you can rejuvenate, uh, there is rejuvenation that occurs whenever you go through gameta genesis and fertilization through a normal reproduction, uh, you reset the age clock. And you also reset it when you do something unnatural, which is cloning where you take the nucleus from an old animal and put it into rejuvenating environment of an egg. There's a, and there's also a rejuvenation process that occurs, unnaturally when you use transcription factors is a DNA binding proteins that regulate the expression of genes. Four of them, so called yam and acrophactors or so OSKM is a, the abbreviation. Um, these, uh, will very convincingly take a very old cell in terms of it into a very young, so immediately like say a skin cell from 80 year old and it will be, it will take on many of the characteristics, most of the significant characteristics of an embryonic cell. And then it can, um, produce almost all the tissues of the, of the body, probably all of them, except for the, um, extra embryonic and parts of our part of the body that, that should be to early embryogenesis. So, um, so those are a few, uh, and then, and there are many others that are shown that the blood, uh, what's in the blood of older and younger animals can influence one another older blood makes the younger ones old and the young blood makes older animals younger by a variety of biomarkers and, and a disease related things. And so, so, so I, I, I fall into the school, there's two school, at least two schools of thought here that there's a damage school where you have to go in there and kind of micromanage a surgery that fix the damage, as you surgeon might fix a damage, broken arm. And then, then there's the, uh, epigenetic school where it says that if you convince the cell that it's young, it will fix itself, uh, to a large extent, there will be some exceptions. And, and so, and we've seen that over, over these, you know, fertilization, cloning and OSKM factors, uh, are, are threes in the bloodborne factors, or for examples. Uh, and we need to reset all of the, uh, mechanisms, all mine hallmarks of aging in probably all of the, it's tissue types of the body, at least the stem cells for each of the body parts, uh, to have a shot at, um, we're aiming for, for youthfulness, uh, lack of age related diseases. So, you should be youthful at that age, which you're, or you normally would be, um, unhealthy, uh, even if you're not, um, dying of any particular disease. So, that's, that's what aiming for, it will be approved by the FDA for specific indications for specific diseases of aging, but then, if it really is getting at the core of aging, it will be immediately applicable to almost all of the disease aging. And, and this aging just affects everything, almost every morbidity, mortality, even like accidental death, um, infectious diseases like COVID has a very, and, and it's cognitive consequences have very steep, um, increases, um, at around 60 years old. So, I, I recall like one of your, your former publications, I forgot what year, I think it was a P&A S1 where you, you did gene therapy and added three transcription factors to, to rodents to mice, and there was some reversal of aging or biomarkers. And, um, and it was like, GDF beta receptor and FGF 21 and, uh, alpha cloth, oh yeah, those are not transcription factors, those were soluble factors. That's right. Okay. But we also did a separate experiment, we took three transcription factors, OS and K of OSKM, separate experiments, uh, but delivered in similar ways, uh, a deno associated virus. And we did some other experiments with full of statin and plomerase, so that it affects the ends of the chromosomes, the telomeres, full of statin, this, um, most muscle, but each of these has, um, you know, reproducible impact on home, of, of, home archivaging of biomarkers of aging and diseases of aging, um, and it affects multiple diseases, about seven different categories of diseases that we've done now in mice and some, uh, subset of those have been tested in dogs now, aiming for a veterinary product. So, um, the three that you mentioned, I think have slight advantages, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, FGF 21 and TGF beta, I should mention, that is an art, the, the other two are natural alpha cloth on five of it FGF, um, 21, but the TGF beta, uh, receptor is normally membrane bound, we made a soluble form of it. So, all three of them tend to be soluble and they affect the way, uh, act like the young blood, inter, interjuvenating these mice and dogs, and hopefully soon they'll be in human clinical trials. Um, and, and that has the advantage that we don't yet have a good way of delivering to every cell on the body or every stem cell on the body. Um, and I've already said delivery was very important and we're, it's so important we have it, uh, we need to fix it. But anyway, the meantime, we can deliver the genes to subset of cells in various parts of the body, and then those subset will deliver the proteins, those three proteins to mention, more broadly, and so you can, in principle, affect the whole body by that combination of two kind of tears of delivery. Um, so that that's the idea behind that. And the dogs is a particularly good conduit to humans because their large mammals like humans, they live often in a human environment, eat human, like sometimes eat human food. Uh, they have similar kind of emotions and bonding in eye contact and all the rest. Uh, and the owners can really sense their their states so they can get it more subtle, um, positive and negative consequences, earlier. So anyways, and it's a product that people care deeply about their their pets. So, so, um, I'm very excited about, you know, rejuvenate bio and know what Davis and was supposed to talk on my lab and he started rejuvenate bio and it seems to be shaping up to be a good product. Yeah, it'll be exciting to follow this results. It was the kind of answer what are my questions, which was, you know, a lot of the the rodent research, particularly with aging. It's not not not a lot of it translates, you know, to humans and, and you know, one thing in particular, I think that is is important to consider with human aging is that, you know, humans are exposed to disease and viruses. And we're not in this like sterile lab environment and we have these periods of real like illness and muscle disuse and it's just very different than than a rodent, but there's advantages to studying to using rodents. Right. What, what do you think like why why should we use rodents to study aging? So, um, so as the prelude to the experiment that you mentioned or we use three three, uh, soluble factors in dogs, we did, we did 45 different gene therapies, single one at a time in rodents. And we're going to use a lot of them to make sure to find the subset of three that we wanted to test in rodents in combinations, various combinations. And then once we had settled on the three factors out of 45, then we moved into dogs and then we'll, we'll next move into humans. So, you shouldn't blindly expect the, the rodent mouth work, but it, it's, it's their advantages because they only live two years. It's easy to see along the effect. We're not always looking for longevity, we're, we're usually looking for aging reversal of age-related diseases because that's what the FDA wants as well. But we do occasionally measure longevity in the case of the full statin and turt treatments those did show a pretty significant, very significant, longevity effect on the on the rodents. So, even even primate trials can be deceptive, there's a lot of differences in the way that they're treated, you know, the, just, in fact, the certain ways dogs have, I think, a more similar environment, maybe, you know, more to their liking, more natural for them. Since they've been our companion for tens of thousands of years. So, but even dogs are not an ideal, larger, you know, pigs are very close to humans and their organs. They use this transplants, but they're also perfect. So, so in alternative to all of the animal models is human organoids. And, and those are getting increasingly accurate also, we can basically skip a lot of the developmental biology and go straight to a particular organ. We can't go, we can't go via normal human development because there's a ban on letting human embryos develop past 14 days in a dish. But it's considered ethical to make an isolated heart or even heart plus lungs, plus muscle, plus liver, plus neurons. But not a whole brain. And, you know, so we're, as this is rapidly developing, we're exploring collectively with diverse set of voices, you know, what, how to do this in a way that's, you may, to the animals or, or develop, you know, completely animal independent strategies for both testing therapies, but also being the therapies. And, so, we can see organoids are increasingly moving their way into clinical trials. So, for example, we showed restoration of a demylenating disease in, in rodents by putting human organoids brain organoids that contain, that re-mylenate and are protected against the demylenating mechanisms. So, they're supercells and that they are not just replacing this cells or damaged because they just get damaged themselves, but they are resistant to the damage. And that's, and I think that this repeated over and over again in both cell therapies and organ therapies we're developing is that the goal is not just to deal with the organ shortage, or it's to have something against the pancissus, immunologically superior, but less rejected, resistant to pathogens, resistance, cancer, or sonessence, cryoproservation, all of these things have been demonstrated in animals. And now we want to, you, you get them to humans via cell or organ transplants. If I remember correctly, you were, you didn't, you enhanced the brain organoid to, I think you edited it from April 4, which, if you're homozygous, you have like a 20-fold increase risk for Alzheimer's to April 3. Right. What, so, so, making it more resilient against Alzheimer's, I guess. Right. So, so that's somewhat depending on how you look at the composition of various genes, that particular case E4 is not the predominant of the leal, and so you might call it an enhancement, PCS canine, and is very rare in the population. And so, if you make everybody or a large fraction population PCS canine, negative, that could be called an enhancement relative to the average, but it's not an enhancement relative to minority. In the case of April E3, or even April E2, which is, that is, rare than the E3 plus E4, and that would be an enhancement, but E3 over E4 is probably about closer to average. But this whole definition of, or this whole obsession about enhancement seems odd, because a huge fraction of our popular technologies are enhancements, you know, our smartphone makes a smarter or a certain way. It can also make us dumber, but the point is it has the capability of helping us navigate, helping getting access to the world's facts, in fact, boys. And so, as far as jets, so worth enhance our ability to locomote. So, so I think increasingly we're going to recognize that the biotechnology for producing or not just reactive medicine, where we're putting out fires, they're preventative medicine, where we're, by enhancement, we're protecting ourselves. Vaccines, is a beautiful example of enhancement that protects us. We're far healthier than our ancestors were because of vaccines. I kind of would like to just move into a little bit to the, to the germline editing, we've kind of talked a little bit here and there, but. You've said, in, in previously that you felt like an obligation to be balanced. And, but you've also, of course, said it's important to focus on outcomes and not to rationalize addictions to future and. You're even involved in calling for a temporary moratorium on germline editing. No, actually, I was not, I was opposed to the obsession with moratorium because we already have a moratorium on all new drugs. We don't put, we don't allow anybody to use new drugs that haven't been through the FDA testing and. So yes, it's, it sounds subtle, but I was. Concerned that we would be developing germline where there's no need. But there's also no need for moratorium because we have very good regulatory mechanisms for preventing that sort of thing from from happening at a market scale. Now, a moratorium would not do anything more at the market scale and also would not do anything more at the individual scale. Both the FDA and and in fact, most laws do not work on individuals that want to break the laws that are willing to accept the consequences or think they're above the consequences. So, and that's what happened in the case of germline, someone either misinterpreted willfully. The guidelines or didn't didn't think it was a law. And in fact, you didn't get convicted of germline manipulation. This is JK, and China, he got convicted of, you know, not following the rules for. Getting the consent of the funding agencies and the patients and so forth. He actually did a pretty good job of getting the consent by some criteria. He spent an hour of video tape counseling to make sure they understood what they were getting into. But anyway, as far as I know, he was not convicted of germline therapy, but something more nuanced. And he's out now. He's spent the three years is up and he's out. And as far as we know, the children are healthy, which is more than you can say for the most revolutionary new treatments. So that's what I mean by balance. Let's let's talk about what did he actually do that was harmful to the patients or harmful society. And he's more than just having a nature of response. We were all. Poiled up ready to say that he actually did try to pay attention to the ethics. But there wasn't a clear ethical consensus beyond the national counting of sciences report that I participated in in a minor way. He was trying to go down there checklist, but he was doing it. He's being the judge of whether he was doing the checklist right enough. I think that rubbed people the wrong way. And I think the Chinese government was very sensitive to what international opinion would be. It's not clearly would have acted quite so harshly if there had been no international backlash. They might have nominated for Nobel Prize and their all universe. A couple of questions come to mind there. I mean, the public, the public, international reaction. I mean, the differences in the public response, you know, in 1978 the first. It was Luis Brown was the first baby born as you can see by in vitro fertilization and considered one of the biggest medical breakthroughs of the 20th century. But presumably at the time it was quite controversial. And you know, I'm just sort of interested in the in the the public response to that sort of medical technology and you said it versus the CRISPR edited babies in 2018. If they were all proportional. Well, I think that this concern about. This about doing things that are unnatural happens again and again and natural is is often. It's not defined as the way the world was before humans is usually it's the way our grandparents lived. It's so kind of nostalgic. Reification of of way our grandparents lived even though we weren't there. We just imagine that they had a perfect life without antibiotics or. Motors or that sort of thing. And so what's natural keeps is a moving target and a lot of things that were. Demonize, villainize in the past are taken for granted now. You know, for example, some of us might remember how cell phones were demonized as melting your brain or you know, you know, giving radiation to your brain and. But now people on cell phones all day and they don't even use my own lines anymore. And you could even say so anyway that they're the. You know, response is is one of caution and the appropriate responses were get cautiously take this the drug administration. But that requires that the government allows us to take it if we can the drug administration which right now. We can't do because a 2016 writer says we can't. And so we can't allow the FDA to accept these. Nonominations for clinical trials. So this is a very, you know, head in the sand kind of approach to science. Usually that the the careful and in most FDA trials are very carefully vetted before they go in preventing of that careful.<|sr|> A Comentially said that day to could cause lives. Um, I don't think it's urgent with a case in the case of Germany no one has articulated a particular thing Other than HIV resistance, which is with je...? I think that's actually a pretty good choice of CC R5 and HIV and HIV resistance us and Jka houses. Case. Um, I think some people maybe don't appreciate how stigmatizing HIV can be in certain communities in China, so um. So anyway, it's a complicated issue that I think we need to be respectful of both the potential future and the path, safe path towards it. How do you think we can equip people with a right knowledge in order to come to well-reason and conclusions surrounding germline editing? Understanding zip complexities, we've got background rotational rate and offspring impact. If you compare it to again, a background rotational rate or a paternal chemo, if a man goes and gets cancer and gets treatment and then after the treatment goes off and has a child, we kind of accept that, you know, rotational rate. So things that are known about germline mutagen, I guess. Right, I mean, the chemotherapy is a perfect example or the radiation you get living at high altitude. This falls into what I was saying about nature or natural, which is defined as whatever we've accepted, whatever technology we've accepted up to this point are natural and any new one. So chemotherapy is okay, even if it's more mutagenic than gene therapy. I don't think we necessarily have to educate people or establish what the right answer is. I think it's about conversation and some of those, you know, sometimes people say, well, you know, you need to, you know, reach out to everybody. Well, thing is, a lot of people you read out to aren't particularly interested, they don't have the time to have a discussion about some abstract science that isn't in the supermarket. So that's one issue. One way to make that connection, though, is with more common media, like, you know, books and movies, television, these, these are things where you can put it in a framework, this entertaining and educational, you know, my wife, for example, contributed to the grazing anatomy genome lab episodes. That's one form of dialogue where they can say, oh, yeah, we're worried about Jurassic Park. There's no reason to avoid the negatives, or some of my colleagues don't like negative, negative, hating of scientists and entertainment, but I think it's good. It protects us from those scenarios and slight generalizations of scenarios. And the more we think of, more we're protected, there's, I think the way that germline, if germline, you get accepted, the way that in vitro fertilization was eventually accepted, it was, it was demonized too, that whole term, test tube babies, which we think is quaint now, was supposed to be scary back then. And the 70s, test tube babies, you know, it's like, that's totally unnatural. But now, you know, it is millions of, like, six million babies have been worn that way. It's including some more close colleagues. So, I think the way it may make it into popular acceptance, so it's considered natural, and the next thing is unnatural, is number one is if we're already getting humans that are getting transplants from germline, manipulate pigs. So, germline is not hurting the, the herds of pigs that are providing all these organs, and it's not hurting the patient, it's getting the organ, and maybe that's one way. The other way is we'll get, we'll have more and more gene therapies that are somatic, not germline, but they're done at early age, maybe to cure early onset childhood diseases. And so we, or maybe even done in fetuses, but not in germline. So, people will say, oh, yeah, you can do it really, really early in utero. What do we really worry about? And some of these gene therapies, this people start to get to be quite old, we'll say, okay, it doesn't have long-term consequences, and then, and then somebody will come up with a use case that is very compelling for someone has a very serious medical disease, might be infertility, might be something more fatal than that, and then that will be the tipping point. If there is a tipping point, could be that it has to do with something that we all share in common, that's very hard to fix in adults. The problem is there are very few examples of that. Maybe space travel requires some efforts in the germline, but even that, you know, we might be able to make every cell in the body radiation resistant, maybe we can make some kind of multiplex edited solution to the low gravity. So, I think maybe we can make a multiplex edit that makes this multip virus resistant. These are things where you think it might be germline, but it might be just as feasible or at least feasible enough, maybe maybe more expensive, less equity distributed. Nice thing about germline is every subsequent generation gets it for free. Some people say it's a bug or a feature to think I look at it, but if you can do it, it will get cheaper to do it sematically, and it will be inherited in the way that we used to mean inheritance, which is what your grandfather hands down, it's the great credential for set of technologies, tools, possessions. That multiplex editing will be something that won't be germline, but it will be just as surely inherited. Right, the equality of access is interesting as you've brought up multiple times because, you know, like HIV is great because, I mean HIV is essentially cured with the right drugs and most developing people live and developed countries with health care can do that, but it's not the case for you know, developing nations with governments that aren't, you know, running correctly. And so it's an interesting point that it's you know, is it easier to genetically cure HIV through the germline or you know, eliminate poverty essentially when you're talking about something, I mean potentially I guess. Yeah, I think, eliminate poverty sounds like a moonshot, but I think it qualifies as a, as a positive grand challenge, more like the satellites than the moonshot. And it may not be so far off in that there could be a virtuous site positive feedback loop where you reduce the medical load from infectious disease and other diseases that slow down, not just the individual, it has disease, but the whole family, the whole village around that person because they want to care for that person. And, and then that that lightning of the medical load results in a little more time and money to dedicate to things like educating children, adult women and so forth. And then that results in better medical care and you just gets better and better and it could it could help. The other thing that can help is, you know, better agriculture, maybe less use of land and water for animals and more on nutritious plants. Golden rice is an example of something where vitamin A deficiency kills a million people a year and golden rice is one cost effective way reducing the poverty burden, you know, to a town with a few blind people that are likely to go be dead within a year or two of going blind. But, but, um, I'm saying the, I think the diseases of poverty can be eliminated in that manner. We also, could in principle, HIV is one of the infectious diseases that is mostly human specific, even though a lot of these so-called humans, specific diseases did come from an animal originally, I mean, to where to where else did it come from. But it's so rare that if you eliminated it, you know, the, it would be essentially extinct, like smallpox. I mean, there could be anotherpox virus that replaces smallpox someday, but the point is smallpox has been eliminated for so many decades that is unquestionably a success. And I think the same thing could be done with HIV. You know, condoms is another thing that works a little bit better in industrialized nations. It doesn't really necessarily protect against uncooperative partners or rape, that sort of thing. So, I think we need, there's a, just a multi-pronged effort to eliminate HIV, but once we do, it could be a smallpox. It's been a calcium, the vaccines, which are so powerful. The latest round of vaccines are kind of in a format of gene therapy and are a very inexpensive compared to most gene therapies that are typically $2 million. In the case of COVID-19, there was a little was $2 for a, a den of viral caps that are around the double-trained DNA for three of the top five vaccines. You talked a little bit about genetic counseling and, you know, there's, there's next-generation embryos selection and I'm sort of, I'm interested in, in your thoughts, in the practical and or if it's a philosophical difference is between doing next-generation embryos selection and germline editing. I guess put it another way, you know, does advances in sequencing and understanding of the genetics of disease and complex traits, polygenic traits, eventually lead to a point of practical editing through embryos selection? I think it will be intermediate. It won't, it won't be as powerful as one could do with germline genome engineering, but it, it could achieve many of the same goals for, you know, eliminated certain diseases. Many of those diseases that could, that could be eliminated by a vitro fertilization, embryo choice, could also be eliminated or greatly reduced by pre-conception choices. If that were more common, it's, it's really a matter of social norms. So there's a tiny sector of society that practices pre-conception decision-making and those have almost eliminated major serious genetic diseases. Why, it isn't common in other parts of society, is a complicated socio-economic educational cultural issue, but I think there will be a tipping point where people realize, you know, get to know their own genome better, get to know their choices when they're still very young and dating. And there's a whole variety of ways it could work out. So the things are done before the point of the vitro fertilization, which is not a, it's not the most pleasant medical procedure. I mean, the hormone treatments have negative consequences for quite a few women. Sometimes it has to be repeated multiple times, sometimes six times in case of one of my colleagues was the result of six rounds of idea. But the number of embryos that could be made by a vitro fertilization could skyrocket without in any way interfering with the germline and so forth by epigenetically reprogramming cells to become florepoteostom cells and then the florepoteostom cells can become eggs. And then those eggs, they might be randomly mutated. And if you sequence enough of them you'll find one that is what you want. So if you haven't induced the mutation in Wispurre, it just happens the way it happens in the world. This is far from efficient compared to editing, but it illustrates how we have this kind of double standard. If you achieve the same goal, germline engineering, this way it's okay, it's not okay. It's the same as GMO argument, but if you mutate a tomato or soybean by random ultraviolet mutation where you're making hundreds of mutations, random, when no control, that's somehow more attractive than if you do a precise set it and you make sure the rest of the genome is clean and you haven't touched anything else. It just doesn't, you know, for some people that make sense, if friends people doesn't, it's like saying that, oh, if I'm going to, you know, fix my car engine, I'm going to, you know, throw all kinds of random chemicals and shotguns and stuff into it and hope that one of those things makes the right fix the car. Anyway, I think that's what's going on in germline is very similar to what's going on in GMOs. You can, you can radically change this, the plant species by one method but not by another, you can change an embryo's fate, but you know negatively with chemotherapy or positively by IVF but not by germline editing. It's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, uh, and it's good, good topic of conversation and then eventually I think it will sort of sell out. What about understanding the unknown, you know, so, there's a lot of genetic variants that are thought to be mostly deleterious or, you know, a quote unquote, not beneficial but upon deeper inspection, perhaps there's an advantage in an esenario, we don't quite understand and so, uh, and I've heard, I've read some some articles, uh, you kind of talk a little bit about this, not necessarily in the regard of, you know, germline editing or anything but, uh, with respect to the importance of neurodivergence, you know, and how you have narcolepsy and how you've basically, I think you've talked about, you know, many creative ideas coming from potentially having having that quote unquote disorder. So, I'm kind of just curious on your thoughts about how to foresee or like what, you know, like that, that sort of territory, understanding the unknown, you know, right. So it's, it's very similar to other technologies, you know, it was, it was unknown, what the cell phones were going to fry our brains was unknown, you know, for MRIs, uh, which have, you know, very big magnets, uh, um, you know, locomotives crashed, they collided, had the head, because of course, schedule like, uh, so when we, uh, think, so there will be negative consequences, some of them are caught in the phase one, two and three clinical trials at FDA requires, some of them are caught later, sometimes semi humorously referred to as phase four clinical trials, but meaning it's out in the population and catch them later, like homeowner placement therapy and biox or two examples, recent examples, um, the lid of mine is a slightly older example, that. So, I think that point is not to have zero risk, there is no way to have zero risk, doing nothing is very risky. Status quo is very risky relative to the future. So what we need to do is just be very cautious, start with small, uh, animal studies or human organoids, start with small human clinical trials, and then slowly grow, um, as we gain confidence, it is safe and effective. Um, in the specific examples of where there's a trade-out, I mean, I think it's very interesting to talk about trade-offs. Sometimes people will say, what about the perfect human? I said, is there a perfect human? I mean, what does that even mean? Is there a perfect means of transportation? Is, as a comeback, you know, it's like, it's a bicycle, perfect, or is it the, uh, super tanker, you know, bicycle is not so good at carrying, you know, tons of, of goods. Um, and, uh, super tanker does not get you to school in a few minutes. So, there's no perfect. There's just, there's all these trade-offs that depend on the environment. So, people will say, well, CCR5 is not a good idea for germline, and maybe it's not even a good idea for some, because it could make you sensitive to West Nile, or to certain influenza. But, another way of thinking about it, well, you don't have to knock out CCR5 just because there are people walking around with CCR5 and alls. You could be a more nuanced, where you take out the parts that you engineer the protein, as we were talking about earlier with the machine learning, you'd knock out the parts of the protein that bind to the virus, but not the parts of the protein that do their immunological function. So, you could end up with something that's HIV-resistant and West Nile-resistant, um, rather than OR. Um, uh, and, and, uh, you know, I think narco-lepsium dyslexia that I've had, um, and ADD, OCD, high-functioning, uh, autistic bipolar. These do have potential advantages to society. We don't have to eliminate them, but we should maybe give the affected people a choice if we can. It's not always possible. Some of the damage is done during embryogenesis, but some of that might be fixable as an adult, or we might be able to give them a knob that they can twist, they could say, okay, I want to be autistic for the next three days so I can get, you know, finish my thesis, you know, I can just focus and just don't think about human relations, and then I can dial it back, um, because I have to meet with the president for the university, you know, and I have to be charming, uh, and not, uh, by his definition, his neurotypical view of the world, and so you're accommodating. Or, you know, you name it, that a lot of the reason that neuro-typicals are beneficial is not because a particular disease is not a disease, or that particular disease that benefit. It's just because we're off of center in any direction, maybe even obesity, or religious choice, anything that takes us far away from the center of the bell curve makes us feel alienated, which gives us maybe more time to pursue intellectual activities rather than social media, or it, or it makes us focus on, like, proving that we're just as good as the, the, you know, handsome, you know, well articulated, you know, model in the middle of the cell curve. It's anyway, whatever it is, it isn't necessarily a particular thing that we need to preserve in the population. Although we should think creatively about, um, about that. So maybe one last topic before we, before we, and, and another area of a research that you've been involved in is the gene drive. You know, maybe some people listening or, you know, watching know what that is, but using it to eradicate insect-carrying human disease, like malaria, the technology, yeah, lime disease. Yeah, so I'm just sort of curious about, you know, your, your work on that, and, and your work on also trying to make sure your address concerns, like, and potentially, leading to extinction and obspecies or something. Right. So, I think, one approach to, so, so the extinction of species is one part of it. So you can do gene drives, whose intention is to make a species resistant to something that's bad for a third species. So, for example, you could make mosquitoes resistant to malaria. They don't carry it on to humans. There's a three species problem. Now, you're not really making anything extinct necessarily, although, since malaria is a human specific disease, you might make malaria extinct. But you could inadvertently, I think, the scenario you're painting here inadvertently make that mosquito as think as well. Now, there's a limited number of mosquitoes that carry malaria, maybe half dozen major ones out of 3500 species of mosquito. What could argue that there are very few known species that are dependent upon mosquitoes. The males are pollinators, females are the blood suckers, in this case. But even mosquito fish does not depend on mosquitoes. But anyway, we should do more study of the ecosystem interactions. We should test them extensively to see that the condom cause extinction in, they have these large enclosed ecosystems, you know, that include small villages and farms and so forth. Exinction tends to occur more easily in small populations as long as the environment is still complex. So, so we could do tests like that. But it also helps if the species that we're putting at risk is okay to go extinct. I mean, there are a lot of species going extinct and I probably, you know, getting rid of half a dozen mosquito species that are pretty confident that they only impact other species might be acceptable. But first priority is to try to do it without that. And the way that it's going to make it into, again, into public positive consciousness is, you know, my former postdoc and colleague at MIT Kevin S.V.L. is going to and tuck in Martha's Vineyard and ask whether they would be favor having a gene drive wipe out line disease or the hate line disease. But I mean, gene drive wipe out line disease do nothing or to have a non-gene drive, a shock and a whole new engineer rodent population that is resistant to line disease, but not the gene drive. And of those three scenarios, I think they like the third one the best. We don't want to do nothing. They don't want to gene drive just yet. Let's try a genetically engineered rodent population. So a little more expensive, a little, you know, probably less sure. But that's the kind of communication and the dialogue between all of, almost all of the people on the islands or the representatives and the town councils, they were surprisingly interested in the science and how it could affect the line disease of horrible disease. It'd be hard to do the same thing in malaria and that's why in line might be a better choice for these two different GMO strategies. But I think that's the pathway by which it might get better. There is a pretty good line vaccine that was blocked for no particularly great reason. It happened the bad timing that happened around the same time as the fake data on vaccines causing autism. Wakefield, I think, was this scientist named who would fake the data later which when that was revealed. But the damage was already done. People kept repeating it as if or if back for many years after it was shown to be false. And so they pulled the line disease vaccine off. Now back then, line disease was also less serious disease. I think if they were put to a vote today, they would have kept the vaccine. And then there are some new vaccines that are slightly better and either at multiple tick-borne diseases, not just line, multiple strains of line. So that's hopefully those will since now people do know the consequences of voting against the vaccine, hopefully they'll accept it this time. It's been a new syn dog several the whole time. It's one of these cases where dogs get better medical care than humans do because we love our dogs and apparently we don't care about ourselves. Yeah, you're experiments with the dogs and seeking FDA approval for that being a treatment in animal is pretty exciting. As is the line disease vaccine for dogs. Okay, so I have a personal question for you. We talked a little bit about the Narklepsy and I know I've read that you've attributed a lot of creative ideas to perhaps being in a limbo between dreaming and wakeness. But I'm wondering, what your days like do you have a routine or how do you get these creative ideas or remember them or just any insights into that? Yeah, I mean, first of all, any personal stories that scientists says shouldn't be taken as recommendations, but they're just anecdotes. The recommendations come from clinical trials. It's a little hard to do with things like Narklepsy, but it's possible. Anyway, in my case, you know, I found that I had it. It's one of these diseases that you could be very impactful, but nevertheless, combination of ignorance and denial and so forth. I just didn't recognize it until I was maybe late 30s. Probably it had a serious onset when I was 13 looking back on it. I had a lot of headaches to glow in medications for headaches and then it just headaches disappeared, but sleeping in a started kicking in much more. The so I, so after discovering it, one thing I do is I communicated. I don't hide it. You know, that sometimes your diseases that you don't tell people about can kill you more than people that things that you communicate. So, you know, Narklepsy is potentially fatal in traffic accidents. I know some of my colleagues hid their diabetes from her, but it's at me. They, which can be fatal, almost was fatal in one case, just because the people around of didn't know what was happening when he went into shock. So that's one thing is disclosure. You know, I'm not necessarily recommending them, just saying what I do. The second thing is I don't eat during most of the day. I eat right before I get a bed, which is not a good thing for most people. You want to eat well before you get a bed, but I basically, the tendency to go to sleep after a meal, which is true for many people, especially true for me. And so I found that that was good. If I'm not in a conversation like this, I tend not to fall asleep in conversations, but I will fall asleep in lectures. So I tend to try to stand or pace or do some other activity. It's not too, doesn't require too much brain power, but keeps me awake. I will however fall asleep standing up or walking or even riding my bicycle. So, and I don't drive. So that's another coping mechanism. You know, there's a whole bunch of jobs that I couldn't get. An employable in many jobs. So I happen to pick one that fits. Those are some anecdotes. Oh, yeah. In terms of, I think you want, like, for inspiration, you know, that I don't have a lot of control over it. I tend to fall asleep when I'm either super bored or super excited slash have a difficult problem. So they have a difficult problem. Very, very calm. They all fall asleep. If my computer is having trouble or crashing, I'll fall asleep. And I'll often come up with an answer to either the abstract problem or the practical problem within seconds of waking. I wake up, like, you know, it's some people are kind of groggy. I'm like already at a high heightened state of awareness when I wake up from a nap. The nap lasts from anywhere from a second to an hour. Usually in the multi-second range. Anyway, it's a very strange experience. I'm not sure how recommended, but you get used to it after a while. And as you're going out, your decision making is very poor. You're like blurring reality with, with a dream, we'll see it, you're like you're incorporating things that you're seeing because your eyes are still open, typically my eyes are still open. And then I'll be completely asleep. When I didn't know that I had, when I had it, I would, I did have drivers license for few years. I would pull up to stop the two of us, stop light, and I'd put on the parking break. Because I didn't know what I was going to sleep, but didn't want to go to sleep with the parking break. So, and then at that point, I sort of realized, I got a problem. I went to sleep clinics to make sure that I had a problem. And then I stopped. I stopped driving. I don't know how much of this is true. I once read that Salvador Dal used to put a spoon on his nose, and he'd sit up and fall asleep with it. And he would, when he would wake, you know, with a spoon woke him or something, when it was falling, that he had this inspiration and creative ideas for his paintings. I don't know if it's real but. I think that's, I think that is true. I think it's true for a lot of people. He just tried to capture it. He tried to, you know, harness it. There's one set of theories that dreaming is where you're doing kind of trash collection and you're like cleaning up house and or preparing yourself for unlikely scenarios. And you really shouldn't interrupt that. It's not good for you. But if your goal is to harness weird stuff, then it's a good thing. So yeah, his art is, it really reflects the dream state. I think better than most of the data is, and surrealist artists around that era. So maybe he had something, you know, it's hard to say. Right. He was good at making up stories. Definitely. Well, Dr. Church, thank you again, such an honor to have you on the podcast and have a discussion with you, be able to ask you some questions. I usually, at the end of the podcast, direct people that want to kind of follow more of your work. I know you're on Twitter. Your Twitter, Twitter handle is at geo church, GEO, CH, you are CH. You also have a lab website. And if you Google church lab website and you don't click the first hit. But you also wrote a book published within 2014, Regenesis, how synthetic biology will reinvent nature and ourselves. And there was a very kind of interesting backstory to that. Well, there were a bunch of backstories to that one. Let's see, what's one you're thinking about? I mean, you know, whichever, whichever is the most interesting. I'll tell too. Well, the short one is, Ed Regis was a co-author and my agents and publisher wanted me to have a ghost writer. And I did not feel comfortable with having a true ghost writer where you don't acknowledge them. So, Ed had just interviewed me for Discover magazine. And he had written, I don't know, nine popular science books already. So, I thought that was, that would be a good partnership. And I learned a ton about writing. I hope you enjoyed his lessons in synthetic biology. So, that was, that was one part. The other thing that's probably slightly more interesting is the book was encoded into DNA. And I bet that's what he was thinking. I got to the point where we were working on reading and writing DNA for a few years. And I realized, hey, we can read it right very easily. Why don't we write a book in DNA and then read it with the best technologies of the day. And that was partly prompted by a review that I wrote of a scientific paper where the authors had synthesized a very tiny genome and had put their names in the genome in a simple code. And I was asked to review that paper from that letter to the venture Clyde Hutchinson Ham Smith for some of senior authors. And so, I reviewed the article and I decided I would write it in DNA, the whole review in DNA. And I sent it in. In a different code than they had used, a better, I thought it was a better code. And the editor, formerly, would you would think, would send it back to me and say, like, using English. But instead, the editor sent it on to them, unchanged without any English at all. And fortunately, one of the senior authors, I think, was Clyde Hutchinson doing enough programming that he broke the code and and and and and wrote through and understood the review. So then having written that code to write the review, I said, well, I'll use that same code to do my book because it was already available. And the and the and the code had the advantage. There's only dealt with uppercase letters, while mine had all the zeros and ones. The zeros and ones were a much more general coding method. And so I could not just encode the uppercase letters, but pictures, pictures in JPEG, former zeros and ones, you know, in principle, later movies, audio, all kinds of things that have been encoded using these zeros and one strategy. So I wrote, I did the book made 1970 billion copies, which is more than, you know, like the top 100 books put together prior to that. And and it and it and it to my surprise, it kind of launched an industry. There's now an international consortium for this kind of digital encoding. It's not displacing, you know, you know, just little distrives, but it is moving in that direction. But another thing that it's happening is is we're incorporating it into recording into living organisms, which I kind of alluded to when we're getting the million, you know, why would we do a million edits is we can record physiological data. So for example, we recorded two terabytes of information in a mouse in one billionth the mass of the mouse. So it's the world's smallest reporting devices. A billionth of a mouse can encode two terabytes. And the next step will be to take it up to 20 petabytes using these multiplex or the peted elements. So those are two of the back story. So there's a few more. Some of them are documented in the book I'll let the readers read the books. I think the book really has not aged much since 2014, even though the field is like exponentially improving and so forth, the book I think was futuristic enough that it wasn't wrong yet anyway. Well, I look forward to reading it. I learned to tremendous amount just from doing some background research. I had no idea synthetic biology. I mean, I just knew so little about it. And you know, I came into this podcast. I've focused a lot on aging and I've been very what humans not interested in me and what human adults not interested in aging, right? But after preparing and and during this background research and reading, this field of synthetic biology and everything that you're doing is just so exciting. I mean, just understatement, just so exciting. So thank you so much for all your research and what you know what you're going to continue to do. I mean, the world, you're you're going to be history books and all that stuff. So again, huge honor, Dr. Church. Thank you so much. Thank you. You've created one of the best set of questions I've ever seen. You took us from where most people stopped to to a whole other level. And I hope the next interview starts where you left off with fossil. But anyway, it's terrific job. And I greatly enjoyed it. Hard to believe you didn't know much synthetic biology before this. But I'm reading your book and I'm so excited. I can't wait to continue following. I'm writing another one now. It's been eight years. I have a lot of day jobs. So I don't have that much time. But it won't be exactly as SQL, but it will be wildly different. But I learned a lot for writing that one. This one I'll probably write solo. All right, have been writing solo so far. Anyway. Well, I hope to have another conversation with you again. Okay. Thank you. That was good. Take care. You too. Thanks.