We have to ask ourselves if we can call ourselves the greatest nation in the world. While 70% nearly three out of four adults are overweight or obese, while we spend about 18% of our GDP on healthcare, more than any other nation, and yet we rank 50 fifth in life expectancy. Our children are getting type UD's at unheard of rates. This is not just a health crisis, it is a cultural crisis. Obesity is not inevitable. It is not a fact of God. It is something that can be prevented. It is a choice that has been compounded by bad habits. Over time, it is reinforced by a culture that does not foster good decision making and self-discipline. And we have created a culture where these difficult truths have become personal attacks, where physicians are afraid to talk about a patient's weight because it's too taboo. If we can't have a conversation about obesity, how can we ever solve the obesity crisis? Obesity is associated with 13 different types of cancers. It takes between three to 10 years off of life expectancy. It damages DNA causes double-stranded breaks to DNA, which is the precursor to oncogenic mutations. And it fundamentally accelerates the aging process. And yet it is the principle difference between our nation and the longest live nations. We are overfed but undernourished. So about, I would say, 60% of daily total calories consumed by the average American come from ultra-process foods. These foods are caloric rich. They are nutrient poor. They do not increase the tiety. So people do not get associated. They continue to overeat the gain weight. They are cheaper than whole foods. So people are economically incentivized to eat unhealthy. And they activate the dopamine reward pathways in our brain causing addiction. So this trifecta of no citi, low cost, and addiction really kind of spiral us into this process of poor health outcomes and runaway health care cost. And over consumption of calories is actually not the only problem. We are also micronutrient deficient. So the food we eat is supposed to provide us with essential vitamins and minerals that run our entire metabolism. Omega-3. So about 80 to 90% of Americans have low omega-3 levels. We now know that low omega-3 levels have the same mortality risk as smoking. Vitamin D deficiency easily corrected. Vitamin D gets converted into a steroid hormone that basically runs about 5% of our protein encoding human genome. Everything from immune function to brain function to cancer, very important, easily corrected. Magnusium, about half the country, does not get enough magnesium from their diet. Magnusium is essential for over 300 enzymes in the body, including repairing damage to our DNA. DNA damage is happening every day. It's not something you can see in the mirror. It's not something that you're going to know about on a day-to-day basis, but it is what is promotes cancer. So decades later, it rears its ugly head. But the real problem is simpler. We actually need to start thinking about physical inactivity as a disease. We now know that it carries the same mortality risk as smoking, cardiovascular disease, and type 2 diabetes. Yet, when the average American reaches age 50, they lose about 10% of their peak muscle mass by the time they reach age 70, they're losing about 40% of their peak muscle mass. And this isn't just about looking strong. It's about physical independence. It's about survival. So higher muscle mass is associated with a 30% lower all-caused mortality. Grip strength is actually a better predictor of cardiovascular-related mortality. The number one killer in the United States, than high blood pressure, and yet nobody talks about it. And strength is also associated with a 42% lower dementia risk. And yet, we think of resistance training as an add-on, as a luxury. It is not. It's a fundamental pillar of aging. It increases muscle mass, muscle strength, and bone mineral density. So fractures are a death sentence between 20 to 60% of Americans that have a hip fracture die within a year. And yet, resistance training can lower fracturists by 30 to 40%. This is preventable. We have the information. We have the data. We need to take action. And resistance training, exercise, getting the right foods are the most important things that we can do to prevent disease and make a difference in our country. So thank you. Dr. Patrick, our healthcare system is broken. It's reactive, not preventative. How do we get more longevity, focus care, and domain-stream medicine, and what's standing in the way? Well, I think that the most important thing that we can do right now for longevity medicine is actually move more. And I think that the federal exercise guidelines are sort of out of date to be honest. We don't focus at all on resistance training. It says two days a week. What does that mean? I mean, to be honest, people might just start doing some bicep curls. And I mean, there's not information there. You need to give people specific information, actionable information. I think resistance training, okay, where you can do 15 minute, seven or eight, 15 minute workouts throughout the week. And that's as good as doing 3, 45 minute workouts in terms of gaining muscle mass and strength. So giving some more specifics in terms of types of exercise, also compound lifts. Like you want to basically make people be physically independent. So you don't want bicep curls. You want people to be doing squats, or you want them to be doing rows or dead lifts. Things that are multi-joint. I also think exercise snacks is a big one. So there's nothing in the guidelines about how people can get exercise benefits by doing these short bursts of physical activity. Tons of research coming out on this. I mean, we're talking at recent study just show that doing 10 body weight squats, every 45 minutes over a seven and a half hour work week was better at improving blood sugar regulation than a 30 minute walk. I mean, that's like two and a half minutes a day. There's also tons of evidence coming out on these unstructured exercise snacks. And that's also something that can be recommended. So these are the kind of things that you take the stairs instead of the elevator, or you walk briskly instead of taking a car to work, you know, to work. And there've been studies showing that people wearing these accelerometers are able to reduce their cancer mortality by 40 percent, their cardiovascular related mortality by 50 percent if they're doing nine minutes a day of these unstructured snacks, whether they're just basically taking advantage of every day, you know, situations to get physically active. It doesn't cost money to do body weight squats. It's that you don't have to have a gym membership. So I think that's one important way that I think information can be improved and more targeted. And I think that's one of the questions I have for, you know, Dr. Patrick, I mean, we've known about this for quite some time, right? I mean, the food pyramid was a marketing. There's nothing scientific about that. It was a marketing deal. We've gone to seed oils. Again, the problem we have is as a consumer is, again, you have all the books out there, you have all these different theories. Who do you believe? It's a very confusing thing. And unless you just go completely simple, all whole foods, no ultra-processed food, trying to approach it that way. But Dr. Patrick, just kind of comment on that. Well, I do think that going whole foods and trying to reduce your ultra-processed foods as much as possible is the way to go. And I think we have a lot more information now than we did, you know, 30, 40 years ago. We know that these ultra-processed foods are not causing satiety. That is, we know that they're you know, activating this addictive reward pathways in our brain. So I think that information is a little more in depth. But I also think that some of the information on like, why do we eat? Okay, if we have nutrition in primary and secondary school, definitely medical school, you're right. I mean, one class in nutrition, it's absurd, right? I mean, if we can start educating at an early age, children, why do they get from their food? Why do you want to eat leafy greens? Magnesium's there. What does magnesium do? What happens if you don't get magnesium? What is cancer? You know, there's even some data out of Japan. They have that program in Japan where they have in primary schools, nutrition education, and they've shown longitudinal studies that people that were, you know, educated with nutrition in childhood are much more likely to eat healthy nutritious later on life.