There's an array of things that are supported critically by testosterone. I often hear from many people about testosterone levels being lower now and men than they ever ever been. Is there a trend downwards? I would say yes. What are some of the major contributors? Pollution, I think, is a big factor to be chronically dealing with a toxic environment will inhibit broad systems. If their libido is totally down, they're having a harder time losing fat, gain also losing fat. It could come down to this, right? Balling integrity. Balling integrity, right. So your top four supplements for testosterone would be zinc, magnesium, vitamin D, not in order, just the top three, I would say, and then who should consider home on replacement therapy? In general, I think. I'm sitting here with Derek from more plates and more dates. You may know him from his very large YouTube channel, where he talks about all sorts of things. Hormones, exercise, training, I became sort of aware of your work because you're on our mutual friends, podcast, Peter, Tia, a couple of times. Super interested in your own personal experience, but you also run a company that's a preventative health company that helps people optimize their hormones among other things. And so I'm excited to have a conversation with you. You've got a lot of this experience, personal experience, but also experience just running this company where people are coming to your company to help optimize their hormones. And so it's a little bit of a different episode here. As you guys know, I cite everything on the podcast, and so I'm excited to kind of dive in and talk about all things hormones with you, Derek. So thanks for coming on the show. Is it ever me? I really appreciate the invite. I'd love to kind of start. I want to talk about testosterone, as you know, kind of discuss this earlier. You're a very knowledgeable in this area. In fact, we had a conversation, and I was asking you some questions, and your knowledge was very impressive in terms of the scope and depth. That's how you do. All things testosterone kind of just wanted to start with the role of testosterone and men. I mean, it's obviously fundamental for male health, but I'd love if you could kind of just outline some of the primary functions of testosterone and men. Yeah, I think at a basic level, it is the primary animal, a hormone, men rely on for the sustainment or growth of muscle tissue, bone health, bone integrity, inhibiting degradation, indirectly through some of those pathways as well, insulin sensitivity. If you have worse and body composition, it becomes a more difficult to handle glucose adequately. Neurological health, through the rheumatization, in the actual tissues themselves, there's an array of things that are supported critically by testosterone, and it's in the brain. Critically, by testosterone, and it's indirect metabolite activity, as well through its aromatization to estrogen, and I guess notably, but often overlooked, it's easy to forget, but in adolescence, the five-alpha reduction to DHT, so the conversion to testosterone to DHT is necessary for full maturation, sexual differentiation, to basically reach full adult male maturity. And there's a, I'm hearing out of examples, where if DHT is either to low via genetic predispositions or through different means, then there is inhibited maturation, and that's where you get into some of these more unique intersex cases, but essentially at a base level, this is the primary male, all-but significantly impactful in females as well, hormone that is present at about 10x, the concentrations in males and kind of differentiates them in terms of sexual identity and male characteristics. I do, we are gonna focus a lot on the role of testosterone and males and men, but I do kind of just briefly, before we will eventually talk about females and women, but what is the major role of testosterone and women? I mean, women obviously don't make as much as men, but they do make testosterone, and it does play a functional role. Yeah, yeah, and it's a non-exhausted list that I just presented, like the list extends beyond into a retropoasis, the production of red blood cells, intratistic, alert testosterone production, absolutely critical for fertility as well. And women, all but not directly analogous, intra-gonataly, but elsewhere in the body, the activity of testosterone is still necessary for a lot of the same things, cognitive health, some level of cardiovascular support, bone integrity, as anabolic activity and muscle tissue, all of the same stuff is still the case in women just to a much lower magnitude. So, but as you would expect, there's less of a concentration required to sustain a female muscular turt that amale, so the concentration differential is about 10x, in women the main function of testosterone, still overlaps with males, but intra-gonataly is more to facilitate as a substrate of estrogen production. So, getting that sufficient amount of a romanticization into a astrodial, but also the conversion into estron, which then turns into estronial as well, to facilitate all of the female fertility facilitated processes. So, given the role of testosterone in all these important physiological processes that you just described everything from muscle health, bone health, neurological health, red cell production, et cetera, what about trade-offs of testosterone? And I mentioned this because of my interest in longevity, my long interest in life expectancy and looking at life expectancy between men and women, and you really see amongst, like, pretty much all mammal species that the females outlive the males. Obviously, there's a lot of differences going on there, but testosterone is something that does differentiate. There's a big difference between the levels of testosterone between males and females. So, I'm kind of curious, I know you think about a lot of these things, and some curious what your thoughts are with respect to the trade-offs of testosterone, with respect to longevity. I think it would be highly speculative because obviously I would love to just point to some clear literature that says, based on these studies on, you know, inhibiting IGF1 or having really low, androgen levels equals lower body weights, equals longer lifespan, or something, so that effect that could be a common kind of denominator, but it's not as cut in dry. I do think there is some level of metabolic resource demand that is needed to actually support the infrastructure of a male that is more intensive than a female, so I would, in general, like larger humans are gonna die quicker than smaller ones, at least from an I've seen trendwise, and in supporting that, it is something that requires more hormone production in general, which is also more intensive on all organ systems, accordingly, to actually facilitate and get that hormone production to the level that needs to sustain that larger human. So that's a highly speculative take on it, but that would be part of the reason, but at a high level if you want to extrapolate to, you know, at higher levels, androgen to will be neurotoxic and a dose-dependent manner past super levels. It will cause cardiac remodeling in a negative manner, like all of the dyslipidemia, all of the negatives that you would hear about when it comes to animal exteroid use, to some extent at super levels are going to be present from testosterone, all but to a more muted extent, because it's not a synthetic derogeth that is manipulated and allowed to create, you know, something that is not a substrate for a romanticization, and some of the other stuff that is protective, but that's a high level speculative take. Yeah, I mean, it's kind of a loaded question, because there's probably a lot of factors that play here in terms of like the differences in life expectancy between males and females, and you're pointing out the size difference is one, one, you know, maybe it's the lack of estrogen, right, not the presence of testosterone, but lack of estrogen obviously men make estrogen, but not to the same degree as women, premenopausal women, but have you looked at any of that literature, are you aware of it, the like the male castraughty, like so the men that are like, the castrate are like, they are osteoporotic as a consequence of a lack of sufficient to romanticization into estrogen, and their growth plates, the epiphysial growth plates don't close fully because of that lack of a romanticization in adolescents, which is facilitated essentially entirely by testosterone as a substrate, similar to what it is in women, but if you castrate a male and adolescents, and you know, while your has in particular testosterone production, he is now functioning off of solely adrenal production, which is like a drop in the bucket to what you actually need the function at a high level, like you're not gonna have sufficient bone development, and you are going to suffer from osteoporosis inevitably. And if those who don't know what the kastrotic are actually interesting, so it's individuals who were head and jelly singing voices, and I'm not sure where the last, who the last documented one was, but it was actually more recent than many would probably think. It's like, within the last 100 to 200 years. But anyways, you get listened to them on YouTube singing, and some of these old audios that were recorded. And it's, you know, a youthful and jelly singing voice that comes across as somewhat and like, androgynous to some extent, and obviously going through male puberty and being subjected to male amounts of testosterone and DHT, like quote unquote, wreck that voice because it's going to be masculinized and get like fully, you know, the deepening that would happen, that's irreversible. So the kastrotic were individuals that were castrated in order to prevent them literally, from going through puberty adequately. So they would actually grow into men without the full maturation that would come from Andrews and Exposure and Adolescent, and as a result, you know, they would have a lack of adequate sexual differentiation maturation, and their bones would reflect that as well via the osteoporotic outcomes they underwent. Did you happen to see that their life expectancy was increased, though? Yeah. So I mean, it's like you're living longer, but not necessarily the quality of life is not. Notably, though, their estrogen levels are in the ground. So you say a second ago about the estrogen. Right. So maybe it's interesting, like, what is it? Well, it's definitely a lower capacity to build muscle and bone, which is less resource intensive and you're a smaller human. So maybe as a result, you are literally a walking, I don't know, like shell of a man essentially. So you don't require as much to sustain but your quality of life is dramatically hindered. Right. Yeah. So you live longer, but you don't necessarily want to. Yeah. Right. Yeah. So that was kind of interesting. I just kind of want to get your perspective on that. And so I'd love to kind of dive into an area that I know you have a lot of knowledge. You know, just based off of your company, Mayor Kelly, for you guys really helping people optimize their hormone levels. And so I kind of want to talk a little bit about some of the best practices for measuring testosterone interpreting the results. Could you kind of outline some of the optimal best practices for actually measuring testosterone level? So you know, optimal timing repeated measures, like free testosterone versus bound testosterone or total testosterone, right? Like what's the difference here? What do people, what should they like consider? So total testosterone is the number that most people are familiar with, which reflects the total production that can be detected in your sample of blood that was taken. So floating around how much testosterone is there inclusive of the testosterone bound to binding proteins. So just because it's in your blood, though, it doesn't mean it's biologically active. If it's bound to these binding proteins produced by the liver, it could be either entirely an active or like readily available to be dissociated, but not yet fully active as well. So you have, you know, S-H-B-G is the primary one, sex hormone binding, lobbulin produced by the liver that's acts as a regulator of endrogenicity in the body, which is like how much endrogen exposure systemically you would be exposed to and the body has this kind of regulating mechanism to partly to make sure that, you know, female, stay feminine, male, stay male and regulate which tissues get which hormones when and transported around the body, because these are hydrophobic, like their fat soluble and would not go through the blood to where you want them without some sort of carriers. So they have a hydrophilic vehicle similar to like how cholesterol will get moved around through, you know, apopy particles and whatnot. And these binding proteins, S-H-B-G and L-B-Min comprise the vast majority to sth-Rone. I think S-H-B-G is about 60% of your total T will be bound by S-H-B-G and then like 38% is L-B-Min. And then 2% to 3% roughly depending on how much S-H-B-G produced in some other factors is actually free to sth-Rone. So the free to sth-Rone number is just like freely circulating, not bound to binding proteins and it's like ready and readily available to be used by target tissues, which should it bind to the energy and receptor and cause the transcriptional activity. But in general, the two numbers you care about the most are going to be the total testosterone, which is like total production reflection. So like how much are you actually capable of making, which is important. And a lot of people will just say, just like a year free, because that's like the number of the manners that's what's actually available to use. And that's true, but it still doesn't reflect total production capacity, which is important to assess the viability of the organ, response to the pituitary output, a mirror-head of things. So total testosterone total production, including that bound to binding proteins, influence by liver health, diet, bunch of different factors, free testosterone, about 2% to 3% in an optimally healthy male, typically, that is just freely available to be used. And then as far as measurement, kind of like best practices, typically in the morning is the best testosterone is kind of, it's like a pulse-a-tile secretion fashion. So you would see in a diurnal rhythm chart showing the secretions of testosterone throughout the day, they kind of pulse is out in waves. So you would have like the biggest pulse early in the morning, and then that kind of like goes across abs and flows throughout the day until it reaches its low point later at night. And then as you sleep, it starts to ramp back up again. So typically the best way to assess peak levels would be early in the morning. And ideally you would have not taken certain confounding variable supplements like biotin that can cross detect as you know, estrogen's and whatnot. And typically labs will provide kind of like a guideline of what not to do, but in general the rule of thumb is, you know, going fasted early in the morning, avoid your multivitamin probably if as biotin and in our biotin containing supplements, and biotin to reflect your actual hematology profile correctly, because some people incorrectly think they have a elevated hematocrit level when in reality they're just super dehydrated when they go in because they just got up, rolled out a bed, and are dehydrated from hours of sleeping and not hydrating properly when they wake up and they just roll in and think that, oh, I'm gonna have our attack and then I gotta do night blood now, which might not be the case. So I know that's a mouthful, but early in the morning, and ideally you would get a repeat measurement before you make any sort of, especially before you make any sort of choices on path forward, because you definitely want to get confirmation if you have a low rating or even one that's like mildly concerning, because again, these things can be so variable depending on so many factors that you might have a bullet where it's a snapshot in time of your blood, you see, you know, a 495 total T and you think, well that's not great, it should be close through a thousand, that's what I hear is good, you know, all these podcasts and whatnot. So my friends are at 900, like I only have 495, I should have way more than that, and some people have as early on to software on jogging late, but it happens. There's a lot of clinics that will tell you, like, oh yeah, you can get that up, let's get this up to 900, and that's all they need to, give, you know, to justify to themselves. So yeah, you definitely don't want to go off of one reading, you want to go off of symptoms and repeat measurement to confirm your findings before you even decide what the path forward is for natural interventions and assessment of what is happening at the organ level and at the hypothylamic pituitary level. So you sort of alluded to this, like talking about reference ranges, and I kind of want to get into that, because like, you know, there are these like reference ranges that you see, and I'm just kind of like curious, like how does a man navigate where their testosterone should be, what the reference ranges mean? How do you look at this, you, how does like, how does your company look at this in respect to, with respect to age, with respect to symptoms? Let's say someone's on the lower end of the reference range, but they have no symptoms, or someone's at the higher end of the range, but they have symptoms. Like how does one sort of interpret what their testosterone data shows? And how does the potential for someone who's actually hypogonautal, so people that are actually not making testosterone, right? How does that sort of complicated it? In general, I think it does get convoluted, because people will see a reference range in a sum, and understandably so, like there's a lot of things that people will just say, oh, it's hard at the top of the reference range, because this is where you should be. And in general, it's not a bad recommendation, often for things that modulate quality of life related outcomes. Like you might want to talk about vitamin D, it's like, you know, who should probably be at like 60, even though the low end is like 30, typically if you were at 40, people would be like, you know, trying to bump that up to 50 or 60, with testosterone people think similarly, and justifiably so sometimes, but often what is overlooked is the fact that the actual energy and receptor content, which is like how many energy and receptors you have in like a concentrated area, or also the sensitivity of it, like what kind of transcriptional activity do you get subsequent to binding? Those things all factor into like how much of an impact the energy and has after binding to the receptor. So just because you have a less testosterone than the next guy, it doesn't necessarily even mean that you have less, most of the real potential or less, you know, bone support capacity or less neurological support. Like it's not guaranteed any of these things based on absolute values. It should be a combination of symptoms as well as blood values. But oftentimes too, the blood values should be superseded by symptoms in some cases too, because you'll have some individuals who have in sensitivity at the AR. So it's not just about how sensitive are you and can you get away with a lower testosterone? So guys need higher testosterone to be able to actually function well, and they might otherwise be told, oh, you know, you don't need testosterone. You're told if testosterone is 900, but they might have a super high sex hormone binding globular, and that's gauping it all up, and they have a low-free testosterone, or their actual receptor activity after binding is like subpar or they have a gene mutation that inhibits the actual activity of it. And that's where you enter some of these convoluted cases with like the Olympic box, or like we're not gonna go down that road, but some of these individuals who, like, you know, there's a spectrum of endogenic activity that is influenced not just by the total levels on paper, but it is very much dictated by your actual response to the hormone too. Okay, is that something that's measured readily? Like, can you measure your response to your angiogen receptor activity? Is that something that's not really known? And you kind of have to do some... There are like proxies for it. In general, it's very crude the way they assess if you are one of the individuals on this like spectrum of endogen insensitivity, it's literally like manual assessment, essentially, of like your gonaddle development, which is like kind of, you know, demeaning potentially, if you're somebody who is like, are you obviously insecure about what's happening, and then you're just subjected to some sort of like subjective analysis of like an expert who determines if you've had sufficient enough like male sexual secondary characteristic development. But in general, there are proxies for activity, and you know, if you're somebody who has, like if you look at blood work, for example, some individuals think, oh, the guy with a natural like 1300 total T, that's probably great, that guy is like, an outlier genetic phenom. Oftentimes it's a reflection of some sort of problem. Like they need to produce more to reach adequate activity. So like sometimes the body is screaming at the testy, it's not getting adequate production to do what it needs to do, and it's resulting in you shooting out more than adentroblins to make more testosterone. So typically you will see this reflected in some sort of symptom, either through actual development in adolescence being not adequate or through biomarkers it becomes pretty clear, because there will be other factors that are clearly outlier oddities in blood work when you see somebody who is not responding adequately. What will you mention the Gneta trip ends like what would like the loot and loonizing hormone or follicle stimulating hormone of FSH? What would those kind of look like in the cases where it's kind of like a red flag? I mean, it's like these are very outlier scenarios that I'd be a DVA into where people are like, you know, overshooting to try and meet some sort of physiologic act and maybe like most guys are going to be falling into the bucket of they have low-genetic tropans or low response to it from age related to cline. That's more of like, you know, what most people will find relevant. So I'll start there. In general, the thing you would be looking to first is, okay, like what are your levels, your total and your free levels? Are they, do they look good? Do you have any symptoms? And let's just say you do have symptoms and you're looking at these numbers and they look, you know, okay. At that point, you would be looking, um, the actual output from the pituitary is going to be dictating what the signal to your test uses to actually produce testosterone. So the L8s from the pituitary signals to the light excels to make the intro to stick alerts the testosterone. So is that signal adequate? Is one thing to assess and that has a clinical reference range? Um, but also individuals who are primary hypogonatal, similar to what we talked about when it comes to assessing, you know, when women are hitting menopause, like what kind of would you look to? In men, if you are not responding and producing adequate testosterone at in the testies, like you will be trying to make more loonizing her moment typically to try and push that signal. So it's your body is going to recognize, I'm not getting enough testosterone out of this L8s that I'm making. So the signal isn't sufficient. I'm not getting enough testosterone and or enough estrogen from that to provide the negative feedback that tells me to stop making GNRH and other the pituitary hormones. So I would just it would just keep shooting and trying to like probably overshoot you into adequate territory. So you would, if you were primary hypogonatal, you would see the reflection typically of high-genetic tropans. Or you would also see some sort of structural defects. And that's where you would get into like, you know, ultra sounding for, I think the prevalence in males is like 15% of males have a vericous seal. I don't know if you know what that is, but it's like vericose veins in your testies essentially. And it looks like like twisted kind of like the same thing you would see in vericose veins in your legs. It's like in the side of like the testies. And it inhibits the thermal regulation and significantly impedes testosterone production locally and fertility. So that oftentimes, well, 15% of men from what I recall is the number for prevalence pretty significant though for something a lot of people don't know exists. And if you are, you know, doing all the lifestyle stuff and it's not working. And you think you're doing everything correctly and you must need testosterone. Sometimes it can be overlooked that there are structural defects. So like typically the first thing you would look to is like, M.I. capable at the organ of responding to the signal. And like is the signal adequate to begin with because if there's like a primary hypogannatol outcome, it would be some sort of like structural response problem in the testies themselves. If that's not an issue and you've ruled out all structural problems, you know, age-related decline and is not a factor and you're, you know, otherwise, you know, everything's all accounted for from that angle. You would look upstream to the pituitary and say, okay, well, at that point, am I producing enough LH and FSH? And this is typically the outcome you would see in men, not always, but like a lot of men who are kind of like not sure if they need testosterone, they'll have like a relative proportional inadequate signaling driven through a myriad of factors, including but not limited to lifestyle, some age-related decline, toxins, exposures, myriad of things. And that's kind of like where people have this opportunity to try and incrementally maximize all the areas in their life to try and improve the output. Because if you have sufficient functioning organs and your output is just insufficient, you might be able to get that up to stuff to where you need it just by getting leaner, losing body fat, fixing your diet, addressing micronutrient deficiencies, quitting smoking, drinking any more, fixing your sleep, all the smorgas boregave things. Yeah, we're going to get into a little bit, but okay, what about the sex binding globulin hormone, SBGH? SBH, SBG, sex hormone binding globulin. Sex hormone binding globulin. What about the sex hormone binding globulin? Like you're talking about, if you have a lot, if you have a high level of that and it's bound up to testosterone, so several, a couple of questions here, what regulates those levels? And what regulates, how much of that testosterone can then get away from that binding protein and then be used to, obviously, exert hormonal activity. So, can you dial in looking at just that binding protein itself to help kind of solve some issues? Yeah, and it gets really complicated in this regard because what a lot of people don't address is. So, DHT, Dahai Drought testosterone, mentioned earlier, how it's like the primary hormone that will determine if you reach full maturity in adolescence, if you will still be markedly male, probably if you have adequate testosterone production, but you won't get full maturation if you have zero DHT from a defect in the enzyme that encodes for five L for a duck taste or something. But that hormone, the most androgenic hormone in the body that essentially determines if you fully masculine lines are not, where you end up with a micro penis, that has a much higher binding affinity for SHBG than testosterone does. And then testosterone has a much higher binding affinity for SHBG than estrogen does. So, even though on paper, we're talking about the importance of free test versus total test, which is very important. Also, very important, which most people are going to test in their blood, is the DHT level that males will rely on throughout adolescence and to some extent in adulthood potentially depending on their test levels, that's going to get galloped up even more proportionally by SHBG. So, if you have high SHBG, not only is your free test potentially inadequate despite adequate testosterone production, proportionally you're free DHT, which is like the main androgenic hormone is like way more gobbed up. And this gets really rough in females because they a lot of them are using things like combinerial contraceptives, which crank SHBG through the roof through the liver interaction with the oral combinerial contraceptive pills depending on which drug they're using in general ethanol, acidity, plus some persistent depending on how androgenic the progestin is it'll depend on how much the SHBG goes up, but you'll see in adolescent women or women who are, you know, in full adulthood that are taking combinerial contraceptives, they're total total testosterone will suppress upwards of 50 to 60 percent and free testosterone upwards of like 70 to 80 percent. So, they're walking around like borderline, A-sexual, castrated by a pill essentially. And that's only with oral. That's with oral, but like any sort of progestin that is synthetic, we'll have negative feedback to some degree, all but much lesser so via a localized iUD releasing a level of no-redestroller or something. And you're not having to take that supporting estrogen, estrogen, estrogen, that comes compounded into it. So it depends on the format, but a lot of girls are still using the combined pill. So it's just noting on the last that when these SHBG levels are skyrocketed or even like high on, you know, a clinical reference range. If you are somebody who is like moderate, you know, T production or low normal or whatever, like the proportional hit to your DHT getting goved up could be like the differential between you being symptomatic or not, as well as your free T, even though it's proportionally less goved up, the DHT could be like nuked entirely essentially via the SHBG levels being high. Since we're talking about the SPGH levels, I kind of want to like, what is there lifestyle? So does age regulate that and also like lifestyle factors? Yeah, so like a common thing that people hear is when you get 30 years old, you're total testosterone decline by 1% per year, but the reality of what makes this even worse is your SHBG levels will increase year over year, proportionally faster thus making the velocity of free testosterone decreases dramatically more so proportionally. So even though total test decreases by 1% a year, your free test will decrease by up to 2% per year. And that's the one that you need to like do stuff in the body through like freely circulating activity. So it's very important and very relevant for dictating what activity you have in different tissues in the body because it's ultimately the only one that can actually bind to the receptor and do what it's supposed to do. So the SHBG levels will be dictated by age will be dictated by liver health to some extent. We'll be dictated by other medications, especially oral formulations, insolagenic signaling as well. hugely implicated if you're on a ketogenic diet, you can absolutely expect your SHBG levels to be through the roof and your free test to be much lower. So carnivore diet guys, there's a reason they eat fruit now. It's because they're free test levels, we're all shit and they're total test levels were high and they thought it was fine. But in reality, they had like borderline hypoconatal free test levels often because they were overlooking the fact that insolagenic signaling is needed to actually get SHBG to a meaningfully reasonable level for a male. So and this is also something that would be relevant for females too, right? Yeah, and these binding proteins also exist for other hormones in the body because they all function in similar ways through cargo systems and transport mechanisms in the body like you will have binding proteins for IGF1, you'll have binding proteins for thyroid hormones. Like it's not uncommon to see people with normal on paper levels for certain hormones, but then when you dig deeper, all the free hormones are like proportionally horrible because they're all about like the total production looks okay, but it's because it's factory and all of these like bound up hormones that are in use like unusable essentially. Is that something that's common? Like I mean, would you say that's depends on the person in lifestyle? So yeah, probably especially among women because like, you know, a lot of them are you only have so much androgens to work with to be in it. Like your production is a tenth of males typically. And then if you are occupying all of your androgens because you know essentially the SHBG is going to with a much higher binding affinity mop up all your DHT into testosterone, not all of it, but like a significant amount of it if it's high and any like higher than it should be. Like it will impact your like free endogenic signaling so significantly that might put you into like the you know female hypogonatal equivalent territory essentially. So you could be like it's not uncommon for girls to walk around borderline asexual or like literally no drive throughout their entire adolescence 20s 30s and think it's normal and it's just not what they're supposed to be walking around like. So in other words like if they have if their libido is like totally down perhaps like they're having a harder time losing fat, getting so losing fat, it might it could come down to this right? Bowing integrity, whole of stone integrity, right? Yeah, so that sounds like a little bit less or so depending on if they're on like obviously you know if you're on a commondromal contraceptive pill has estrogen and it's you know however much it does that to what dose you know you get into the nuance but ultimately like you're inhibiting natural hormone production quite dramatically through a myriad of means like think about guys who are just like natural having to deal with what they deal with as is you know the sleep impact the cortisol impacts the fat impact of being you know obese and then if you have women who deal with all those same problems you're gonna have all the the suppressive results of all of those lifestyle things the diet the nutrition the whatever and then you also factor in medications on top of that too that maybe men don't typically have to take to you know achieve contraception like you know that's typical what often I think the final blow that will like push women into like you know closer to low-dribs territory often and almost certainly lower quality of life for a lot of them now that's not to say because I think this gets misconstrued often is it's not to say don't use contraceptives at all like they're absolutely better ways to go about it I'm just giving examples that I see is commonplace no no it's this is great this is great information um you know since we're kind of talking a little bit about symptoms that's kind of a circle back to talking about like what are the symptoms of low testosterone you know we're talking about men here but like we talked about libido muscle mass like what are what are like the classic symptoms that men should be looking out for is it something that's hard to differentiate between okay this is testosterone or other things it does get tough because as you would imagine a lot of the lifestyle related things that lead to low testosterone will come with the decrement to quality of life just via you know if you have poor sleep like you're not going to feel great because you didn't rest enough and then you add that on top of the inhibition of you know your output of get added tropans, pituitary hormones and response to them as well like it's like a one-two punch off and a lot of the stuff so in general I would look to things like libido, erection quality obviously that's more you know circulatory often but still notable nonetheless if you suddenly you know if you know I'm mourning would anymore like you gotta look into it regardless of its circulatory or hormone mediated might be a combination of both um you know longer able to hold muscle as easily or build muscle as easily you know losing strength in the gym you recover incapacities inhibited relative to what it was when you were younger um mood dysregulation irritability and these are all like really general vague symptoms and I would love to just say oh look it you know this exact thing will happen but in reality it's often a constellation of things that comes as a vicious circle effect of the you know factors that lead to that deterioration of testosterone to begin with or if you were just you know never had reasonable testosterone to begin with you would have probably not gone through puberty adequately to begin with so like the genetic factors like some of these like more outlier cases become a bit more obvious because it's like you just never really like fully masculine eyes and adolescence you may have a higher voice you know you a lot of those things but are less relevant for the average person for the average person it's gonna be more of these general symptoms and it's warranted to get a test at that point just see what's up right yeah so then that in combination with the test and things that we just talked about is kind of like where you know like pre diabetic you know progressing towards you know pre diabetes um insulin resistance a lot of the stuff is going to be ultimately determined by blood work though because a lot of people aren't going to be able to identify this autonomously reliably so that's kind of where I'd point to the more vague stuff like the quality of life like do you notice a blatant deterioration with no other factors change erection quality you know libido uh vigor muscle mass strength fat body composition stuff like that so you mentioned that the by age 30 total testosterone decreases by about 1% per year then you mentioned even in general in general right right on average like yeah exactly there's and that's where I'm absolutely seeing the 70 year olds with you know 900 totalties so so the the question is then like there there are lifestyle factors that really can sort of modulate that you know general decrease or not so it might be can accelerate it or maybe can slow it right and I kind of want to dive into some of those those lifestyle factors like what should men avoid or try to minimize in terms of their environmental exposure or lifestyle factors that are known to accelerate the decline into testosterone and or increase the binding proteins so there's less free testosterone right anything that's going to necessarily regulate the ability of testosterone to exert its you know function essentially mm-hmm I would love to bang out an exhaustive list but forgive me I guarantee we'll miss something but like alcohol you know the direct toxicity effects of that does inhibit actual steroid genesis in the testicles themselves it will also impact sleep dramatically which has the vicious back-end effect of you know inhibited output of signaling hormones which indirectly will also impact body composition which you know the whole downturn cascade of that smoking obviously not helpful how much alcohol is it like any amount or like light drinking moderate drinking I think like obviously the safe answer for me is to say no drinking I think it would be more like a dose dependence toxicity effect and what is your capacity to handle it because ultimately the testes are very affected by oxidative stress and if you're not capable of handling that adequately like it will reflect in your inadequate output of hormones locally so I would love to give like hard and fast numbers but there are a lot of people who will be able to get away with like murder and probably be okay then or some guys who like you might be low normal function to begin with and like that you know coupled drinks a week like you know throws off your sleep a bit and kind of pushes you over the edge like it all depends um it is very much a spectrum so like going from like optimal to like blatantly hypogannaddle from a symptom perspective it's not like it's just onverse off like your way there is a you know it's transition of you know chidiness as you arrive to that like worst case scenario so other things I could point to if you have a totally fat deficient diet I think that's you know of a macro distribution that would be reflective of something that's almost certainly going to hinder your capacity to produce hormones also if you have a void of carbohydrate intake diet it would also be something that would inhibit freely circulating hormones from liberating themselves um and lack of protein like you would not be able to produce you know get as robust of a response recovering from workouts and be able to build muscle which indirectly is going to improve body composition and improve your hormones as well so it's all kind of like balanced diet don't eat bad um micro nutrient intake I could definitely point to if you're deficient and not every mineral or vitamin is going to be you know game changing dramatic impact on your test levels but things like zinc, magnesium, vitamin D like these all have a marked impact on your testosterone either response to it or capacity to produce it or even like like you mentioned our podcast conversion of vitamin D into active vitamin D like you might think you have adequate vitamin D status of via your dose you're taking that super high but you're not actually utilizing it but you think you are and that's that's impacting your testosterone production and your response to it at the end of your gym receptor itself as well so I think from a minerals and vitamin standpoint the low-hanging fruits are typically going to be like B vitamins but in particular like from a mineral side you know you have you know magnesium, zinc and the vitamin D3 are going to be three things that specifically on top of the minerals and vitamins and everyone's familiar with from multivitimins and whatnot are more difficult to get in adequate doses all but zinc is typically adequately in many multivitimins but the magnesium in particular almost never is because of the weight of it you would be having to take a multivitimins that's like eight to ten capsules otherwise which just nobody does and then the vitamin D it's fat soluble typically you're going to have it in like a soft gel or something and it's not always going to be at the dose you need in the multivitimins to just work noting so those are just some low-heating fruits that are if you don't look to those as part of your micronutrient optimization strategy like you could be overlooking low-heating fruit that debt like is a deterioration of you know 100 plus nanograms per decilator per deficient micro-potentially depending on how severe the deficiency other things I get point to being obese like the worst one probably that I probably should have mentioned first but is like so dramatically impactful on your negative feedback to the hypothalmic pituitary access so by that I mean men who are obese and women if you have a significant amount of fat it is going to elevate your aromatization which is you know your conversion of testosterone to estrogen and this is more impactful in males because of how the brain gets signaled from estrogen not testosterone directly as significantly there's a bit of a nuance there but in general you need adequate estrogen to tell your brain okay we're good you don't need to make enough testosterone because I have enough estrogen like that's kind of like the downstream cascade of these metabolite conversions is you produce testosterone in order to produce other things too and the estrogen is a very potent mediator of telling your brain were good and if you have a significantly elevated amount of estrogen being converted from your testosterone that you make because of how much fat you have you are basically achieving the proportional increase in estrogen it is much higher than the amount of testosterone substrate that led to that conversion so you have that signal telling your brain okay we're good but the amount of testosterone you actually had to begin with was not good so that's problematic people who are obese have you know upwards of I would love to have hard and fast numbers but it could be like a significant like half of a reference range maybe you know but it could be the differential between you being you know the quality of life of your fine blades and flate in you know severe deficiency and what else could I point to you um what is weight loss due to to the to those levels like if you are some of the diabetes and then you lose weight does that bring you back yeah as long as you are losing ideally like this real fat and like overall fat loss is going to be very supporting of getting that ratio back into balance of your estrogen and the amount that's converted to estrogen, estrogen, estrogen and particular and once that balance is favorable because you are leaner you will have a balanced amount of feedback to the brain that then regulates like the perfect homeostasis between okay now we have adequate testosterone and estrogen so you will actually notice more testosterone being produced because it realizes to get this signal that we deem adequate we had to produce more testosterone to get that amount of estrogen so there's this goldie lock zone of course you can't just you know become you know a malnourished you know low like bodybuilder shredded person and just continue to get this elevation and proportion it's at some point you will end up essentially starving your body of the nutrients needed to actually support hormone production but in general you know guys you are you know like 12 like 12 the 15% body fat ish will find that they have an increase in testosterone dramatically relative to when they were obese and it's like super significant and how much it will improve hormones status so and then the sleep I think I might have already mentioned that yeah what I definitely want to dive into some of the diet things in a minute but I wanted to ask you about a couple of things for with respect to maybe factors to avoid what effect is like excessive endurance training have on testosterone because I thought I came across some literature where it was a negative effect and I wasn't sure like how robust I think it is pretty dramatic pending and exceed your capacity to recover so that sounds like a weird way to answer the question well like some people have at higher tolerance for stress and that's you know reliance on a bunch of different factors but if you are somebody who is not feeling yourself correctly to handle that amount of endurance training like you were let's say you're in a calorie deficit and you're trying to be like I don't know six pack shredded for the summer and like look as good as possible but also feel you're like endurance event efforts like you're probably like not doing to you're not doing two birds one stone like you're doing two things like inadequately almost certainly and malnourishing yourself and ending up in a state of hormone deficiency as a result probably like you see in studies all there are cases that you can point to of what happened to natural bodybuilders as they diet for a show and you can see in like as they start to get closer to stage ready which is like the most shredded basically any documented human gets essentially the requirement to get there is a state of malnourishment essentially and at some point typically once you start to cross into that like you know single digit body fat threshold you start to become so malnourished that you are inhibiting your actual capacity to produce hormones adequately and it will enter into like you know preservation mode slash like hibernation or something and it's kind of just like save yourself we're starving to death like how do I stop everything metabolic attacks from happening let's shut down all systems nor do we have this substrate to actually produce these hormones to begin with that's kind of what happens when you get like really really malnourished and with endurance running like I've seen guys out you know 5,000 plus calorie per day diets when they're doing like really intensive endurance activity so if you were not fueling adequately and with the right fuel micronutrient density macruble lot meant the how much of it is like carbs or fat versus protein yeah you could absolutely exercise yourself into a state of hypogganatism easily I kind of like I would caveat not easily it's hard to train that hard right yeah I know it's definitely not easily like there's not a lot of people that are accudos to the people mentally are strong enough to do that I guess well I kind of think of the analogy here for women it would be like when women are excessively endurance training and in a severe caloric deficit and they become a mannered it right so they're essentially not obligating anymore in effect you mentioned like wanting to get shredded for the summer will I actually in my 20s was was doing this very thing where I mean I was running like 10 miles a day and I was eating like carrots and hummus and that's it you know when I was like not fueling myself no like hardly any fat you know it was very like very sort of like low protein you know low fat diet and I definitely got shredded ish but like I became a burneretic for several months you know where I just didn't get my period and so it wasn't obligating and so I had to add back the calories in the food it was like in a took a while for my body kind of like recalibrated yeah but I feel like that's kind of like the analogy that like it is it's like you sure body shuts down it's like okay I'm not getting enough calories reproductions than essential right now survival mode right not reproductive like happy growth mode it's like survival mode and like some people might not even realize how significant of a deterioration hormone production and I'm talking about like to give context men who are dieting for body building shows naturally it is not uncommon to see the end result of a hormone profile unlike the last week then to look more female on paper than like their girlfriend like that's a loader testosterone levels are that's wild that's wild just to kind of sum up the like factors to avoid not always but sometimes I wanted to get your opinion on endocrine disrupting chemicals like how how have you or has your you know your company looked or seen anything or do you have any speculation to like what the scientific literature has shown in terms of them affecting hormone levels yeah they were pretty convinced that there isn't a fact it's just the magnitude at which you often see hyped up I think maybe overexaggerated there are low hanging food things to absolutely avoid like don't use you know plastic top of air and like heated up and stuff like that trying to glass when you can try and ensure you have like high quality air if possible like pollution I think is a big factor for like your body's capacity to deal with stress and like the allocation of resources to be chronically dealing with a toxic environment will inhibit systemic like broad systems um water quality like you can make sure you have like decent water if you got to be solid but as far as like the actual magnitude of impact of those things for most people I think is going to be relatively negligible and contrast to like the obesity diet the exercise the sleep quality the potential uh course engines that might be exposing themselves to you know some of the lifestyle stuff is like way more important to be addressing as like the basin for structure before you start thinking about like oh it must be my like shower that is like shooting chlorine I mean like it must be that or it sure could a shower filter but like it's not going to be the game changer I do think of avoiding like the basic so like you know switch to glass where you can don't use plastic water bottles stuff like that and there is blatant evidence showing interactions with estrogen receptors with some of these compounds as well as estrogen receptors which in turn will impede the ability of the actual hormones you produce to bind to those receptors and do what it needs to do so you're like essentially competing with yourself for activity in the body like you're you know competing with these like even if they're like mood activity compound they still act as like anti-androgens or anti-estrogens via the occupying of receptors so to whatever degree they are doing it at all is not ideal because it's inhibiting like space that could be occupied by actual endogenous hormones that you need to produce and need to work properly and you don't want to be competing with like environmental toxins so like do things in the body what do you hear like I often hear from many people popular you know media as well as just people I speak to or comments that I read about testosterone levels being lower now and men than they ever have ever been for one like is that true do you think that's true and too like what are some of the major contributors is it obesity since obesity is rampant I mean or is it just like everything that you mentioned all sort of like compounding together and not necessarily just like increase in you know BPA and plastic you know endocrine disrupting chemicals that are now a lot more prevalent than they were you know six years 70 years ago as a video a while ago on like the earliest finding I could find of recorded testosterone levels and I think it was like military soldiers or something one thing that I think is notable is the actual detection sensitivity of testing is absolutely much different now than it was you know 60 years ago so to contrast like oh the total test of some guy 60 years ago of verse now is equivalent even on like a testing methodology basis is like flawed to begin with because it's probably not an accurate comparison but is there a trend downwards I would say yes and I think it is mostly dictated by the obesity the diet the lifestyle stuff so you know like you there's obviously things to deal with in the environment that are less favorable and are not supportive and probably not benign but like in general I think most people that worry about this stuff they would be put their mind at ease by dialing in everything else which is not that hard to do it's often free or you know cost less money you're looking eating less food you know go to the gym etc I'm not saying that's easy to do but like dialing your basics I want you to do that you have like an anchor you have your baseline let's just say you get a blood test and you see where you're at from there you can start doing something my new changes like putting you know a chlorine filled your own your shower head do this change your water source whatever do you notice that incremental uptick in your ganata trip and output or your response to it at that point if yes like okay maybe it was a meaningful change but until you do that you're kind of just taking shots in the dark assuming all of these things or you know occupying your mental bandwidth and concerning you that may not be worth your concern to that degree. Just chlorine having effect on to stuff your own I don't like maybe okay yeah I think I think more of like BPA but um and consuming it like or like he's hot like heating up the plastic or like hot beverages like going into like something plastic but um yeah I agree I think these lifestyle factors are a paramount and I'd love to kind of get a little bit more into some of those particularly like so you've already mentioned the diet and I'm kind of you mentioned protein fat carbohydrate you know like so what what what why are some of these importance of fats are important to make you know the back bones of hormones maybe we can talk just a little bit about like while low fat diets and why people should be incorporating fat into their diet to make sure that they're yeah like in general it's not like if you have for example if you just cholesterol it doesn't necessarily mean you're going to have like a dose dependent elevation and you're like serum cholesterol as I'm sure everyone knows here but there are like certain baseline requirements to serve as the substrate for producing cholesterol derived steroids in the body and these are all ultimately derived from cholesterol and then get cleaved and manipulated through enzymatic processes to make all the hormones in your body including been all limited to testosterone, estradiol etc so in general it does seem like having a sufficient amount of fat is worthwhile and does seem to impact how much hormones you can actually produce and the carbs for actually mediating and it's going to depend on you know activity levels how demanding of exercise you do if you burn through them for snive or sedentary versus not but in general it's going to be the insologenic signaling is somewhat necessary to facilitate a balance of free and urgent including free other hormones in the body that often go overlooked to actually do with their supposed to do because a lot of people even measure the free levels of you know like the IGF1 the you know the T3 that you'll you know some of the stuff gets like hyper nuance reading into what hormones are actually bound up that you don't realize estrogen, DHT etc so having a balanced diet and then the protein like you mentioned from like a mechanistic perspective like I think in general these things all serve as building blocks is the simplest way I can put it and having a deficiency entirely of one or the other it's just like kind of the expected outcome like it's often not going to be ideal to be missing something entirely that your body utilizes for critical you know structural things well it's interesting I learned something from you because I you know I was aware of the importance for you know of of fat particularly like you know a certain amount of saturated fat which is known to increase endogenous cholesterol production but the carbohydrates in the insulin response and like having that insulin action or response like and I didn't realize that was also important and you know especially for the free you know hormones like the act or the amount of free hormones so it's it's it's interesting to think about like a ketogenic diet you know as you mentioned like some people can really be in a problematic state if they're on a ketogenic diet and they're free to toss around just kind of tanks and it's not to say that it will absolutely happen like I'm sure there are a lot of people that thrive on long term ketogenic diets or may even clinically require them so like I certainly don't want to come out here and suggest if you're on a ketogenic diet stop doing it like talk to your doctor first obviously it's just like mechanistically this is what happens if you have a lack of insulin signaling you will have less capacity to suppress the binding protein well what you're saying is like get your hormones measure measure them right and make sure that your monitoring yeah be informed before you like freak out of anything right yeah um with respect to other sort of like lifestyle factors that can maybe boost testosterone so we're talking about dietary factors here what about exercise I you know resistance training is when that comes to my mind when I think about trying to boost testosterone I mean is there merit to that is that something that moves the needle yeah I think it's kind of like in the simplest way I put is like descending order of intensity essentially so like you know weight lifting at the top and then you have like some of your more like hit style workouts underneath that and then at the bottom of it would be like the most basic of I don't know barely exerting yourself but like getting out there moving that is going to have the least impact in general and at the top it's going to be you know the muscle building facilitating processes the things that build bone etc resistance training that's going to be the most directly impactful but ultimately it's also going to be what is the overall exercise regimen that you adhere to because a lot of people the problem is not even necessary like oh it's the perfect thing like it has to be something you enjoy enough that you'll adhere to it so like adherence almost trumps up the optimal in some capacity so like get the thing you can adhere to the diet model that you can adhere to like a lot of people the diet that on paper is the best like won't be the one that you stick to you for more than like six weeks so like don't do that one if that's the case because you're not going to stick to it and you're just going to end up where you are before so calories shrump everything unfortunately you know or fortunately because it gives you a lot more versatility with like your choices I think it's not like you're stuck in a myopic kind of you know box of I have to be on like the Mediterranean diet or I have to be on the current board diet or I have to be on the vegan you know whatever there are a lot of ways to skin a cat and ultimately it's going to come in mainly from energy balance and then also from their optimizing for you know having adequate protein fat presence carbohydrate balance to support your at you know whatever exercise you're doing and the intensity of it and all the things underlying up before we continue I just want to mention something important if you're finding these episodes valuable please consider subscribing to the channel and clicking the notification bell it's the only way to ensure you'll be notified when a new episode goes live many people assume they'll be alerted automatically but unless the bell is clicked they won't be we cover a lot of detailed evidence based content here and I want to make sure that you don't miss any of it now back to the episode with respect to some of the micro nutrients it kind of this kind of gets into the this supplement area as well but you mentioned some important ones that I've also kind of like come across in the literature and that being vitamin D zinc magnesium can we can we just dive a little bit into their effectiveness like there's like is there a human data on it like do you know anything about how they're working I mean I've seen I've read some of the human studies particularly on the vitamin D in like getting like higher dose vitamin D supplementation improving testosterone but I mean I love to kind of just take a moment to kind of talk a little bit more about that if you want yeah again general I think the most reliable things that move the needle if you were deficient what is I don't know people are familiar with the ZMA I was like a the first like combo supplement that was sort of seen as like a testosterone booster that was available in the market and it's you know like zinc magnesium and I don't know if the A was something else but vitamin D is the third thing in the last case or I'm about the age then before but those are the three things that move the needle most reliably that are natural you know otherwise would get through diet but likely non-sufficiently maybe zinc you might but like magnesium pretty difficult I would say for a lot of people they don't realize how deficient they are and then even like supplementing accordingly it's like you know getting one that you respond that you tolerate well with your digestive system has the yield that actually produces enough magnesium from like the elemental weight of the supplement which is not that complicated I don't want to make it sound super complicated like a lot of them are fine and ronda has great articles on magnesium formats that are bioavailable and yield more than enough magnesium and yeah the vitamin D having an adequate amount making sure converting it and actually getting the activity from it mechanistically there is some level of like gene transcription capacity facilitated through these like vitamin D's a hormone for example and it does also affect androgen receptor activity and some like the capacity for androgen to do what they do not just like the production of the amount of them so similar to what I talked about earlier where you have this kind of like receptor interaction how well can you actually utilize these hormones to do the things it needs to do in the body some of this is going to be facilitated by the adequate minerals and hormones for vitamin D supporting it and it's not necessarily measurable as much like directly but all you can really do is like backfill accordingly to hit your needs and then assess your kind of like proxies and your blood work and your symptoms and kind of go from there. In your opinion like let's say someone is on the deficient range of vitamin D they're inadequate magnesium perhaps there's ink is you know maybe okay or in the inadequate range would getting to that sufficient status really move the needle with respect to like testosterone. I think if you were on the low end of the reference range or literally hypogonaddle and you were clinically low or deficient for those depending if it's all three or not because obviously there are some of the more I mean at least vitamin vitamin D magnesium pretty common. Yeah I would say like you're looking at probably a potential incremental difference of 100 to 150 total T maybe it kind of depends on the person of course like I've seen more robust response in some studies but I also don't want to like over exaggerate the expectations but it is meaningful like it's something that and some of it can't be directly measured either like we're talking about the total T number but it's like how do you know how much of it deficient vitamin D is impacting your ability to like use it correctly and then even if you had the sufficient vitamin D the magnesium impact on all that and the DNA interactions and whatnot it's like you know you would have you be speculating at best so and then there are some other more like uh 10 gencial supplements that are not as like obvious no brainers that are helpful they're just facilitating mechanisms that are not like this is a vitamin you need almost regardless of what your test levels work kind of thing yeah I'd love to talk about those I'm any here some of these herbal supplements and like some of the ashwagon death in a Greek with Tonga-alli I mean let's dive into that like are they effective which ones are effective which ones are hype yeah um I mean one that I would would be worth mentioning all but the literature isn't super robust it is uh bull run so that potentially has a suppressive effect on SHBG levels there's some literature that looks promising all but I wouldn't hang my head on and say it's a guarantee it's going to suppress your SHBG from like the hind of the reference range to something that's like much more you know much better but like it may it does seem to work for some people and in general it can be a supporting ad junk that some people are it sounds like you typically get through your diet and like significant quantities anyways like often people will it will come into multivitum intipically but the quantity that moves the needle for SHBG I believe it was like 6 to 12 milligrams and can be meaningful for actually liberating freestosterous or not for actually producing more total tea um the other ones probably worth mentioning Ashwaganda specifically uh extract that is standard dies to a sufficient quantity of with analyze and not just your standard run in the mill generic Ashwaganda you want to look for ideally a patented you know uh sensorill or a kSM66 these are patented format of Ashwaganda that are standardized to a um target yield so you know that what you're getting is what you're supposed to be getting rather than relying on you know certificate of analysis from China of a generic extract so how what was that compound they're standardized to again with analyze it's like the it'll show right on the label of you like Ashwaganda bracket standardized to x percentage with lan with analyze and depending on if you have kSM66 that's 5% sensorill is 10% the difference between why you would pick one or the other is the actual total dose you could get away with using a less milligrams of the ks of the sensorill because it has more with analyze per milligram inclusion in your product but they're both like an exact full is that the active compound that affects testosterone? Yeah it seems to be and when I say testosterone it's like the indirect effect vs suppressing cortisol seemingly and kind of like the stress response manipulations that I can induce which are favorable for people who are anxious who have very stressful lifestyles who could benefit from it but there's not a catch all supplement that will benefit everyone and some people that will push them into and hedonia territory which is like a numbing of emotion so you don't want to really yeah if you overdo it will like literally suppress your stress response so significantly that everything's just like black and white what's so what what's a dose that would be considered overdoing it and what's a dose that would maybe be effective for suppressing the cortisol response and indirectly affecting testosterone by not having the cortisol decreasing the testosterone. Like I would go with the clinically like supported dose for something that's efficacious I wouldn't necessarily suggest somebody you know take something that's lower than what I've seen to actually work but in general it seems to be a cumulative effect over time maybe there are some people who might push you over the edge sooner and like certainly it's something to be cautious of and be aware of as a disclaimer before you jump on any testosterone augmenting supplements just be aware of the mechanism of how it works based on your own individual biochemistry because there's not something like a vitamin D that you can just sequester into subcue fan just like get rid of at some point it's like it could impact your mood regulation quite significantly for a bit depending on like what your neurotransmitter balance is at baseline like if you are already borderline like emotionally numb as a person you take ask for gondola like you might literally like cease to care about anything for all I know that sounds awful yeah but I mean for someone who is more of an anxious phenotype like six hundred milligrams six hundred milligrams I think is the dose but double check on that because I might be misremembering right I'm pretty sure and that is impactful to the tune of upwards of another hundred points seemingly I could be misremembering exactly but it's like I think it's triple digits pretty reliably for those who can benefit from it and for some people it's like a game changer supplement that really improves the quality of life outside of just the testosterone enhancing capacity of it because some people deal with a lot of stress in their life and need that extra resilience or suppression of how much it's affecting their mental state like some people they can't even get to sleep because they're rumminating and they're constantly anxious and having that kind of suppressed stress response can be very very net beneficial and then on top of that improves their sleep and also improves their testosterone through the reduction of the kind of like google courted-coider responses and yeah so it's good it works for sure the literature seems sound on it some of it is funded by some of these companies that do have the patented extracts just be aware of that but at least from an eye-opening blood-work anecdotally too it seems to work Tonka Valley another very notable one this is one that works for a different mechanism it seems to be a bit more speculative of how it works but it seems to do a few things potentially one being minor surmactivity potentially and this is more speculative surm is like a selective estrogen receptor modulator so something that binds to estrogen receptors and either like positively or negatively modulates them in selective tissues so there are certain tissues where it would be more favorable to have a selective inhibition of certain hormones versus others it would be detrimental like you wouldn't want to inhibit estrogen's activity and bone for example because I would cause bone degradation having an inhibition at the hypophalamus level level may depending on the person help increase testosterone via the inhibition in that feedback loop now I don't necessarily think it is a surm that's just like the tertiary potential mechanism and it is speculative the main mechanism that people seem to agree on that it does do suppression of SATBG to some extent as well as the upregulation of steroidogenesis intratesticularly so like locally upregulating I believe it's steroidogenic to keep regulatory protein that basically incorporate cholesterol into the mitochondria to actually undergo these enzymatic cleaving sequences that result in the production of testosterone locally so it seems to like help upregulate the process that actually enzymatically spit out testosterone essentially locally so that one seems to work well for individuals who have high SHBG levels or potentially higher estrogen levels than they you know as otherwise fixable via basic lifestyle changes and whatnot because everyone has run proportion of metabolism at the end of the day and it's not always going to be optimal even if you have what is otherwise like a great diet lifestyle but also it's just like I think it's for people who have adequate everything looks on paper to be sufficient but their SHBG might be a bit high or they could use a little bit of a boost and it seems to work to the tune of 100 to 200 nanograms per deceler for some people and depends on how potent of a standardized extra actually you want to look for one that is HPLC tested for a yearly commonone that's the active ingredient in Tonket Ali that actually has the bioactive effect that you're looking for there are a lot of Tonket Ali supplements that just say Tonket Ali or it'll say Tonket Ali like a hundred to one or like ten to one or whatever like these are kind of meaningless numbers from what I understand like you're not going to get a 200 to one version of a Tonket and even if you did there's no indication there's any Yuri Komino in it so similar to the Ashwaganda you want something that actually says this is how much of the literal ingredient that does what you're looking to get out of it in it and here's a third party test to verify it so and what was that in gradient called again Yuri Kominoan got it and you are YACO and ANO any I think now how does Tonket Ali compare to like boron it is it I mean it sounds like for men it might be like you're getting a bigger bang because it's doing it's working in two different ways yeah it's a good question boron is a mineral that is seems to be something that is mechanistically I wouldn't be able to say for certain what the differential is how they affect the SHAs you buy in complex like I would be trying to I might miss remember and I don't want to miss a B. yeah so okay well yeah I just kind of interesting but would would the Tonket Ali work in women as well just through the SHAG or maybe the boron like I don't know which it's just for off the like off the you know topic here boron has also kind of been thought to potentially be a longevity molecule as well there's some evidence that boron may be involved in like improving aging so yeah when you said boron I was like oh really that's interesting yeah I feel like that's almost like a lower hanging fruit thing because it's just typically part of a multivitamin that may just not be dosed high enough and you can just like stack on top and see if it has an incremental decrease to SHAG and then the Tonket is like more of a speculative one that you don't want to just like take until you've exhausted some of the other options but it's like the more exotic kind of like hammer that you might want to take to the situation if it's like your last resort before you know I've tried everything my life style perfect my diet's dialed my micro nutrients are accounted for my sleep is good I don't drink I don't smoke and my totality is still inadequate and I don't feel that great should I try some of this like one of these exotic things that seems to have a reasonable safety profile and like an efficacious you know you know impact and men and young healthy men at that like there are literature showing the effects and young healthy men not just like age related like decline to men notable now as far as it's impact on women I would think mechanistically would do a similar thing but like I don't have a steady I could point to that says it's the same so I would think but I don't know are there are there any others you know I hear about you know the the fenigreek and then the some of these like diaspora as per acid or are there any others that are notable or would you say more hype um I think a lot of those have been disperring like tribulus de-esportic acid fenugreek um one is notable that might do something as shiligit if you get a high quality shiligit it may provide enough like the the actual capacity of your organ to respond to hormones is partly conditional on its ability to tolerate stress and reactive oxygen species locally too so if you have more than you can deal with and you introduce say potent anti-oxidanty equation you may be able to like attenuate and neutralize the kind of like decrement to performance and kind of like net out more local hormonal yield so shiligit seems to be impactful and in-treatistic killer antioxidant activity but I wouldn't it's another one that requires like careful sourcing and it's also one that's like more speculative and indirect because like they're probably better ways to manage your like your antioxidant profile I would think so so your top four supplements for testosterone would be zinc magnesium vitamin D not in order just the top three I would say and then I guess for impact I would probably say like tunket alley but probably boron would be my safer next choice just for like safety profile okay great unless and then if you're like the anxious person at a yes we're gonna just be like cognizant of what it's how it works because you you maybe only get the benefit at a lower dose you may be able to cycle it I'm depending on how you respond to it like similar to you with caffeine like there's no hardened fast rules and all this stuff because our studies you could adhere to like the protocols design but they're ultimately just designed by you know scientists who thought this was the way to do it and like for you and your individual biochemistry may not be the ideal way right I mean I've been interested in Ashwaganda I kind of experimented with it like half-heartedly like years ago and I think I'm gonna now bring it back into circulation because I do I am interested in in the stress management part of it like lowering some of the the cortisol and stress although I do that with exercise but if there's like a side effect of like you know just a little bit of testosterone boost like that would be great you know for me yeah so I think that's gonna be another experiment to mind that I try out um check your blood first yeah no I'm that's already told you I want to get my my hormones it's I've had the measured but like I don't feel confident I haven't had repeated measurements I don't want to get that blood test you're going to be like fuck I shouldn't have taken ash for gone because now I have no idea what this means what's the what the baseline was yeah I know definitely for sure but let's talk about like let's say people are you know trying out if you do assess your cortisol stress response I would highly recommend a Dutch test over a blood test why is that salivary cortisol levels are far more indicative of what's happening from a stress response standpoint than your like transient serum cortisol levels will be a really yeah and because just like the snapshot in time and it in the serum is just like not an accurate reflective measure um the salivary levels will fluctuate and they get like multiple readings they create like an average curve for you and they should map out your day as opposed to blood you like one big draw the cortisol is measured one time and say okay you're like high end of normal like what do we do with that information the salivary ones a little bit more indicative of like you're a multiple time points of the day and like here's where we'd expect you to be at these points and like this is how you're responding to your day stressors kind of thing cool all right and it's like less intrusive to like spit into you know whatever right and do they end to usually you spit in multiple times a day to kind of get that yeah I actually not done a Dutch test personally but I'm pretty sure it's as you spit in the tube yeah okay um good information let's kind of transition to like people that have let's say like let's get back into the men category here that have like exhausted these natural ways they've like you know perhaps lost weight or done all the lifestyle factors that we've talked about to improve their testosterone they're both total and free all all that above who should consider hormone replacement therapy like how does a man identify whether or not they're a good candidate I mean is it really just recommended for men with clinically low testosterone and symptoms or like what we kind of touched on this a little bit earlier but I kind of want to just go into this area now of actual testosterone placement therapy so um like there are definitely scenarios in which it's more obvious because there is a structural issue that cannot be rectified via any sort of lifestyle change or like sleep hygiene manipulation or whatever like if you have primary hypogenatism and you've ruled out the ultrasound like vericoseal there's no issues you're not like cooking your testies and like a hot tub every night you're not like your sleep is dialed your micronutrient it it takes on point also satisfactory amounts of calories like I think I might probably indirectly touched on this but like via the getting to a good buy fat like you still need to have an adequate amount of energy to actually meet the needs to produce hormone too it's like adequate amount of calories not over doing and under doing it um if you've done all the stuff that we kind of like talked about and you've ruled out um pituitary out of no amount you've ruled out any sort of like I don't know like um structural defects and signaling is adequate or even super physiologic and you're just not responding like at that point it's kind of like okay you're we could try hammering you with some HCG and see if we can stimulate a satisfactory response with like a manual like extra push at the light excel or you some you know some these other like augmenting you know steroidogenic supporting things like tongue cat or whatever but if that's not working either like your testies or cooks and you got to be on test at that point because you're just not responding to any natural stimulation whatsoever that is not typically the eye the outcome of a lot of guys who end up onto testosterone a lot of guys end up on it through like like secondary diet like type of organ adult symptoms through like the pituitary either inadequate output or insufficient response to that output plus an insufficient amount coupled with it coming out of the pituitary there's not a lot of people that are literally showing up like your testies don't respond to whatsoever um in those individuals like it's kind of like if you've exhausted all resources you've tried the whole manual stimulation directly because HCG is the way you would actually test that out is you would actually look at okay if we actually hit your lighting cells directly with a signal and we ask you like that to like the maximum degree and we use FSH2 exogenous it's like if you're still responding that there's no saving at that point unless you have like such a significant amount of oxidative stress that you're just like not dealing with but that would have been taken care of with the lifestyle stuff we mentioned so primary hypergenital like you're gonna probably be on exogenous testosterone and it's literally like testosterone. You can't fix it with an chromophene, you can't fix it with HCG, you can't fix it with HCG. There's no other way around it like you're taking the literal hormone because it's the only thing that will get you testosterone like you can't produce it. So there's that um there's different ways you can take it of course which we could you know get into later but the next situation that's a bit more relevant is like the secondary hypergonatism situation where somebody has like testies that function just potentially to like a sub-optimal capacity and there might be some level of like low-genatotropin output facility through some level of like lifestyle or diet or whatever um like Peter for example like he's pretty dialed and like he did a lot of stuff to try and like fix it before he went to any sort of replacement sleep hygiene is on point like the guy like what else could you do when you're hammering it he's I think 50 years old so what he did was he used HCG which was assessing okay like are the testies responding to like a manual signal and they were and he's like replaced his hormones entirely by using a manual LH mimic essentially why his pituitary wasn't shooting out enough LH to hit the amount like the enough stimulation he would need to produce the same amount of test that would hit his like optimal variety of factors age related to decline who knows but probably a combination of multiple things and at that point it's kind of like do you want to manually backfill with signal or do you want to take hormones pending you've done all the exhaust of you know uh things to try and like check the boxes because you know some people don't care as much and don't want to check the boxes but like in general I would say it would be worthwhile to learn why you have the problem even if your intention is to just end up on testosterone anyway like I wouldn't I wouldn't delay treatment if you're symptomatic and it's like hurting your quality of life but I also would like do some due diligence to just like assess like what's happening and I think HCG for people who are like secondary hypogonaddle is sometimes a good middle ground of assessing like is it's a testicle functionality problem or is it like my pituitary output is not sufficient because at that point you can kind of tell like which organ is it that's failing me here so there's that and then like upstream to that there's the actual hypothalmess and the GNRH output which is the thing that stimulates the pituitary to make the LH and the FCAH and throw that whole cascade you could have insufficient signal from that insufficient response to that signal and then insufficient pituitary output from that weakened signal and the response to it like it's a deteriorating thing that by the end of it when it actually hits your testies may just be like sub-optimal for your response to be adequate through often age related to decline but it's a culmination of things so certainly back to the original question like how do you make sense of all this into side when is the appropriate time to be on hormones or not that's where you've met the workers like a really highly educated medical professional in general like I would not try and cowboy this yourself even trying to like learn it from you know online content whatever like I think it's I think it's good to learn how the stuff works mechanistically so you go in and form and don't end up putting on a half-asad regimen by a doctor who actually just wanted you on medications because if you know this stuff it's pretty easy to identify who's like a shitty clinic who just wants to like get you committed and stuck on life long hormone support and you can like weed it out really quick even if the doctor seems well intention you want to help you you want to you know support your quality of life says all the right things seems professional seems knowledgeable if you don't know this stuff it's kind of like you would be going in blind and assuming that's what you need to do and a lot of people just end up on hormones and that's it and sometimes there's nothing wrong with that sometimes that might be what you need but sometimes people want to know what were the natural avenues I could have taken could I have you know done something else could I have maintained the signal for my brain to my testies this whole time I'm just missing something no it's a really good point you know and also like talking about what any you know curious and side effects are as well so I mean that's that's kind of important but like before we get to the risk like what kind of benefits for can someone who is you know clearly like experiencing these symptoms of low testosterone expect from you know perhaps doing testosterone replacement therapy I mean you mentioned HCCHCG but I'm kind of you're directing it more towards like actual testosterone placement therapy yeah it would be in general if you are satisfactory in your replacement of these hormones to a physiological replacement level like you should notice a meal duration of all symptoms that's the best way I could put it um now again it's uh obviously you should not expect that you're gonna feel exactly the same as you did when you're like 20 years old like I think somebody will think when they're 50 oh I'm gonna get on TRT and it's gonna be you know like being 20 again like to some extent it could be because like on paper like your test levels might be the equivalent but it doesn't mean the way you metabolize the hormones into estrogen is gonna be the same it doesn't mean that the way you respond is gonna be exactly the same in general though the target is to ameliorate the symptoms and then like dial in from their kind of thing so like I think what people should expect is like the intention of it is get rid of your symptoms similar to like menopausal therapy like you want to get rid of your hot flashes you want to ensure that you are not like your bone integrity is like actually supported like all these things are like your baseline requirements of why you're doing it is just to like get rid of the negative and get to a baseline indirectly you will feel much better so it's like you will feel better from a result of it but like don't expect to be Superman unless you're you might feel like Superman relatives here stage just depends how deficient you were to begin with and it's all contingent on multiple things so it's hard to put hard and fast generalities on this stuff but like your targets should ideally be symptom relief right so you're not like necessarily gonna be shredded in a couple of weeks and yeah I mean I think you know it's it's important to point out like some guys might see that their testosterone is like on lower and of the normal reference range and like want to do something about it like with respect to like not it's skipping over the lifestyle factors and just like I'm gonna go straight into like I'm just gonna take some testosterone right and I think that would be the case to avoid right for not especially not really having symptoms but you're just kind of like freaked out by the numbers right yeah I definitely wouldn't make any rash decisions based on numbers on a piece of paper because I I know a lot of guys who like the best physics in natural bodybuilding are like guys with 500 total of the sauce runs like I know guys with three times the amount of testosterone production much worse physics like it's not always the number on a piece of paper it's your genetics your response to it literally how many muscle fibers you have at birth like there are a lot of factors that determine what you're gonna look like how you're gonna respond the shape of your muscle bellies and how they appear to people your body fat level especially like if you are leaner and you will just appear more muscular you know stuff like that right yeah okay so let's talk about some of the important risks that you know people should keep in mind when they're gonna start to test testosterone replacement therapy I know you've like talked about this hurt about it like the cardiovascular disease risk I mean for a while it was a controversy right like doing testosterone replacement therapy is going to increase your cardiovascular disease risk there's the the the traverse trial that came that's kind of we've got some pre pre public like pre pre data here where it seems as though um this is very large trial placebo controlled whereas seems as though men these are older men that were at least it seems to be hypogonatal like they were low testosterone and if they were given testosterone replacement therapy to a normal like physiological restoration range there's no really adverse effects on cardiovascular outcomes what are what's what's the thought here with respect to cardiovascular disease risk um any of the only issues like defining what restoration of physiological testosterone production equates to is like when we were talking about like coffee and like how much caffeine is in a cup of coffee like it could vary so much like some guys replacement to adequate physiologic replacement what he was when he was younger highly variable and in that traverse trial using Android gel to bump your total T from like hypogonatal to like 400 is not necessarily indicative of what I would say a lot of people are looking to the data to see what the results were of testosterone therapy because a lot of guys are on injectable test boosting the 1000 total T with a disproportionately high free testosterone because we're even jacked and frequently too you drive your HPG down proportionally that is not the same as a guy who's using a Android gel to get like 430 total T so taking that outcome and running with it as like no cardiovascular risk the I think it's a bit haphazard personally now it's obviously promising data and like it's great that it came out like it's very very promising the only problem is it's like how many guys are actually using that medium of therapy like I don't know none like I don't know a single guy using and that's fine like it's still data and it's still worthwhile and it's still good it's just like not don't take that as like the the sign off that like you're you know 200 milligrams of testosterone an anthape per week that you're like you know more a aggressive protocol has been designed to do is like going to be the same outcome like it's not you're going to have the a rithropruse poises increase that might be reflecting the traverse trial you're going to have the disproportionately high-endogenic signaling like you're going to have a lot of things that you would or you're looking to get the reassurance that won't happen but you have absolutely need to be cognizant of because will probably happen still yeah this is this is so important and that's kind of why I was like these are hyper go-nattle and you know it's like I guess their normal physiological range is not really accurate if it's only going to like 400 so basically you're just making them non hyper-bonyattle but it is important because you mentioned your rithropruse isn't so this is this is another kind of concern you know with testosterone which does regulate red blood cell production it does increase you know the thickness of blood and polycythemia is it is it I would say a risk factor right so you know how how substantial is this I mean I think I've read studies where it's like almost 25% of men have thicker blood that are on testosterone replacement therapy now doesn't necessarily mean it's like to the point where has to be treated but it is thicker right it is like the hermatica is is is thicker so you know how how should men weigh these wrists for the cardiovascular disease risk the polycythemia so for people like listening or watching that is it is a concern because it increases you know stroke risk it increases the the potential for you know cardiovascular events as well so like what are your thoughts on sort of weighing those risks to the opposite side of the coin on that and regel you know like it's not necessarily physiological replacement the thing to note is it should be expected that if you use more testosterone you're going to have more of a thorough poises like that's literally what it does so to think that it would be a net negative because you have a 25% increase in that v-egg or testosterone administration if you were hypoganniled to begin with which presumably is the reason you're getting on TRT you know depending on the person but like going from hypogannatal where you might be like border line like anemic for all we know and then having the 25% bump like maybe you need that to actually like have adequate oxygen carrying capacity and like actually sufficiently fuel your body so it's not to say it's like net bad net good it's all about where do you achieve like the problem is it's like the definition of symptom relief too is so vague because you could achieve symptom relief you know 450 total TB depending on the person or it might be at like 800 or it might have been like even if it was 450 like if you got up to 800 you're still a normal on paper so is that bad you know who's to say yeah well any most people would say it's the high of normal because that's literally what it is on a reference range so it all is going to be just being cognizant of the fact that androgens will do what androgens do which is they will in a dose dependent manner drive orthopoices they will induce cardiac remodeling if you push it too hard not necessarily within physiological limits but like these are things to be aware of this lipidemia will become more of a concern at a higher level especially depending on the medium of administration if you're dosing in frequently like once a week with a shot it's going to be a different outcome than if you're doing like daily you know little pulse of tile uh cream administration or like micro injections like subcutaneous they were bleeding out the effect more it will all be impactful so I think it's more about there is a risk all but there's not going to be data that says directly if you replace the 800 total T it's going to be dangerous nor is there data that says it's safe either like you can kind of take from the reverse tile what they found and extrapolate out like what you know from grated dose response studies which do exist and like realize okay like summer in the middle here if you're one of those guys who like wants to hit that you know high normal because I don't know like who's to say you're in the wrong for wanting to be like optimally vital too it all kind of depends on the person you have to weigh the risk accordingly because it's not risk free you're still going to have to keep him on eye on your hematology panel is it getting out of whack to a degree that is like unsustainable you're like looking at full body it's just a maintain-time outlook normal or is it like adequate slash like optimal for you now to feel like you have enough energy to not like faint when you get up i don't know it depends on the person yeah it's just like an understanding of all of the interplay of things and not taking the sign off, you know, the one the traverse trial is like, you know, you're getting a jail free card. Like it's just you're still going to have to keep an eye on your blood work. You're still going to have to have like a doctor who knows what they're talking about and is like very rigorous about this stuff. You have to know how the different administration methods and frequency will impact things because like you're probably not going to be on Andrew Jell using it a little dose that gets you to 420 nanograms per decilator. You're probably not on that protocol. And if you are, like, yeah, okay, look at the traverse trial. And like, maybe you can get like a bit more reassurance. But like, you're probably not that guy. And that's fine. If you're not, it's just like being very realistic about what to expect. And, you know, there is a dislippidemia, there isn't increase in blood viscosity to some extent, there will be a suppression of SHBG if you're doing injections in frequently, which will elevate your endogenic signaling beyond what is physiologic. Like, most people are super at least transiently without knowing it. And by that, I mean, by super, I mean, like more than you would have produced physiologically because it's not physiologic to have your hormones transiently shoot to like, I don't know, 1200 or 1500 total T with a disproportionately high free testosterone from administering once or twice a week twice a week, quite a bit better. But once a week, for example. And then it crashing back down before you shoot again, like that's not physiologic really at all. So you need to be aware that's going to cause more elevations in these like problematic biomarkers, then would be if you tried to maintain what is reflective of like daily normal production. So like the ideal protocol would be literally replacing your daily testicular output, which is adherence problematic for a lot of people because not everyone wants to be using like a scrodoly application of cream twice a day. A lot of people don't want to be injecting daily subcutaneously with like a micro-manetestosterone. They just want to be one and done one shot a week. Even some of the problem too is like the pharma has set it up so you might be forced to take it infrequently and at a high dose because they have these auto injector pens that are preloaded. So you like half the shoot at in one shot or you don't take it. Yeah, so like xia sted is like the preloaded testosterone and an antheid pharma grade that is often prescribed and it's like well you got you either do the one shot one kill and take the whole dose or you like don't take it. So so with the you're you're touching on an important point here that's the super-off physiologic level like the amount that you wouldn't necessarily have in like a normal physiologically. I mean I read a study where it was like 25% of men have this and it seems like it might be due to this like dosing this injection you know protocol. What what's wrong with the cream like is that something that doesn't get your levels high enough or is it just like annoying to have to do every day. It kind of. What's the I mean like it depends on the person because there would be personal subjective opinion for me to say like why I wouldn't want to do it in general the reason most people don't want to do it is adherence to life long like this is something you're going to do forever. Typically. Somebody going to apply a cream to their scrotum twice a day. It's not that fun like it's like something that you have to go out of your way to do wherever you are you're traveling whatever like you will go hypogonaddle with pretty quick if you don't get in the bathroom and wipe some cream on your balls. Yeah that's not I mean I get that but like you know like stroke risk cardiovascular disease. I think you want to be optimal the problem is a lot of people favor adherence and sustainability similar to diet over optimal and that's fine. Just if they'll be accepting of the risk profile it comes along with it. Okay what about other like parts of the risk profile so like how does it affect the prostate um I read about fertility. I mean being big one too it's it's depressing fertility. Yeah sleep apnea can be exacerbated as well and these are all like part of the risk profile things to consider. Yeah when it comes to prostate that is something that at least based on the most recent literature that I'm aware of is are you familiar with the Androgen saturation model? Basically if you go from hypodesy. Yes yes okay. But go ahead please explain it again. So essentially from what I understand based on most recent literature it shows that if you go from hypogonaddle to you get an atle we're like the threshold of it which is like you know on a reference range roughly like 300 plus anagrams per deciliter going from hypotu that that differential will be positively stimulating of like prostate growth you know PSA levels will go up etc but beyond that you were not necessarily in a dose dependent manner like a muscle or something going to be inducing sizing creases like if you took even if that were the case you'd have body builders who take you know thousands of milligrams of steroids per week they would have prostate it's like busking out of their bodies at that point so it's not necessarily the case but it's not like it's it's still worth monitoring your PSA for trends and longitudinal patterns as you get older because like it will still have the same you know susceptibility to things that happen as you age but the actual impact on prostate related issues and growing cancer from scratch if you don't have preexisting cancer cells like you're not going to just like spawn cancer from taking testosterone so I think that risk is a little bit overblown fortunately we have data that seems to be pretty strongly indicating that you're not going to have to worry about that if you are somebody who is otherwise healthy cancer free and you're just going from like you know like you would probably have a small prostate to begin with if you were hypogonaddle anyways you're probably just going to where you would be if you had normal levels so it's not like that growth is even bad either getting to the eukinidal state so keep an eye on the PSA and be aware of it but it's not something that seems to just like dose dependently escalate the other stuff is worth mentioning um you in general like when I said testosterone does testosterone things in a dose dependent manner even if your protocol is dialed in if you're producing more than you would physiologically that year body can tolerate as well like you will have the whatever backhand consequence of managing the extra estrogen the extra DHT you know that could lead to extra acne hair loss um gynachromastia if you have excessive aromatization locally in the tissue that is not antagonized sufficiently by the DHT and testosterone signaling hair loss in the scalp annoying body hair that sucks they get rid of if you care about that sort of thing more facial hair growth deepening of the voice um more than you already have as a male surprising like there's like often like if you're if you were low to you to be you know it's like typically guys you get on and then like push their test levels up to high normal especially we'll notice like a little bit of a deepening um like these are all kind of like the it's kind of like the maximization of the male secondary sexual characteristics being like pushed to the end of the gray um with in physiologic parameters um sleep apnea will get exacerbated pending your neck sizing creases muscle increases in size things that are contributing to the obstructive nature of your soft tissue falling into your airway will get worse pending you are dosing in a manner that pushes either so if you're physiologically replacing like a lot of the stuff is probably a mute point um but a lot of people won't be they'll be pushing to optimal optimal quote unquote which is fine just be aware that you will potentially increase your risk of sleep apnea keep an eye on it I would absolutely recommend anybody even before they get on TRT get their like a basic sleep study done um to a lot less intensive than you might think and they're actually like pretty reasonable at home devices that measure like a apnea episode to power level like essentially put you on a chart of how many uh um episodes of like seizing breathing or you having par hour and you could have a baseline there and see if that goes up when you get on TRT so it's not like this is a questionable like what's going to happen in your sleep apnea susceptibility like literally measure it like you have your baseline when you're not on it now you're on it what's the difference and like you would see in real time the literal diagnostic metric either going up or not changing at all and then you would have your answer kind of thing but it is a possibility for sure I'm just like any of the stuff is um but if you're physiologically replacing like the risk is relatively low unless we're talking about that super physiological level where it seems as though like one in four men don't even know they're in that level they are even transiently to run in blood work if you for example if I'm on the ziastead and I'm shooting once a week and auto injector pen and I'm checking on TRT today which means like typically you're a lot of physicians will say check your test levels on like the day where your test levels are lowest based on the pharmacokinetic profile of whatever the format of testosterone you're using so if you're on a long astrotestosterone formulation like a testosteronecipinator and an anathate these are the typical prescriptions to make allow you to get away with dosing only like once or twice a week for adherence but the reflection of that in blood work is you would typically see because you're bolus dosing it at once your blood work works shoot into super range depending on the total dose of course but like a lot of people this is what happens the shoot into like I don't know 1314 hundred 15 hundred total to with the proportional five-alph reduction to DHT suppression of SHBG disproportionate freeing a free endogenic signaling via more DHT being free than when otherwise be normal more free tea than it's proportionally normal more romanticization that would be possible if that dose was like even spread out on an even curved throat the week on micro injections increase in a breath rope who uses acutely beyond physiologic you know capacity to you know an unhealthy acute level at least for a periodic period of time and then you're in like a slow or steep depending on like the ester trash essentially into like sort of normal looking territory until your next shot that's the reality for a lot of guys they need a year up they do testosterone uh undecanement maybe or it's either a sustenant formulation maybe it's undecanement they'll do like one shot every like few weeks to crazy so they'll like shoot their test end of the stratosphere and then like trash in the hypogonatol territory and then they pin again shoot inject so I mean by pin yeah I mean I mean it's like a roller coaster of like I can imagine it's like the equivalence of what females deal with times like some magnitude I mean it sounds really must be like also just like they could aggressive and stuff and like what irritable irritable yeah you shouldn't be like impossible to expect you know like I don't know like I wouldn't want to wish that on anyone like that would suck I mean to me so like let's say adherence like compliance that's a whole issue right obviously but let's just like if we're just talking about risk profile right like you're not wanting to really get into that super off physiological love like you're not like you know you're not like the body builder you're not like you know the person that just really wants to keep that risk low but you want to get the benefits okay like that's that's what you want you really don't want the risk like just not not on the on the table for you what would be the best there's the different methods you kind of mentioned if you maybe you could kind of just go through the McAam briefly but like what would be the best method to get you to a more normal range maybe you're not someone that's totally hypogonatol but like you know low tea symptoms right lower tea and symptoms but what what your aging we were in age you know like 50 year old man or something but would be the ideal delivery method that would really get you this benefits but lower that risk profile yeah and one thing just to add before we entered that subtopic I do want to clarify if somebody was to take an amount of testosterone even if it put them to like high normal of the reference range but it was something you tolerated in youth and like your body was capable of handling which a lot of people are if you do it responsibly understand where you're taking know how to monitor your biomarkers are lean healthy have a good diet life styles dial in you're aware of the risks all that stuff is like overseen with a level of education some level of rigor and like obviously decreasing need over time as you start to dial it in you'll it's not it's like rigorous of an oversight process because after you're getting your dialed on protocol it's just kind of like living your life and you know what to expect from your blood work at that point and how it affects everything you'll probably be fine probably it's just being aware it's not zero risk like it's just like that's the thing people need to accept if they want to be pushing you know to some level that is like just in general like it's never going to be risk free but I could still also say with certainty that if you're hypogonaddle you're going to be healthier replacing to physiologic then you would stay hypogonaddle for sure like you are a thousand percent in cardiotoxic neurotoxic quality of life down the you know the toilet territory if you're like in hypogonaddle levels almost certainly so hopefully that's like somewhat of a consolidated arrafe because I don't want to like sound to it's worth being cautious in a way of all this stuff but like it's certainly not to don't diswage yourself out of like fixing your levels too like it's critical that you have adequate hormone production similar to women in menopause like the benefit outweighs the risk like essentially every single time essentially and you just have to be responsible your approach to what that is the same well especially if you're your monitoring biomarkers and we'd love to like talk about some of those in a minute but I think that's that's the key to right like monitoring right yeah okay so then you're circling back to administration like the ideal way to go about it um I can say off the rip I would not do pellets I would probably not do androgyl if you're a male if you're a female it's a bit different which we can get into the creams through compounding pharmacies that's probably the only like tolerable way you're gonna have something that you can apply scrotally to get the ideal absorption from a co-conedic profile that would be reflective of something that's like more natural so like that is probably on paper arguably the best way to go about it it's just not necessarily something everyone wants to but it it works well and it will get you to the levels that are great and look pretty physiologic and like kind of reflect the pulsatile diurnal nature of normal testosterone secretion and it's also converting like locally like in the area you would actually be producing it too like there is a local effect too through like five off reduction in the skin and stuff like that um which can result in that's why monitoring like DHT and some of those other stuff can be important but that's like a whole more nuanced discussion but in general the creams scrotally is reliable good produces a very favorable outcome and a lot of guys will be quite happy with that method. The other method that I would say is worth considering and like the typical one that most guys do is injection which it's a bit more predictable typically in terms of like what you're going to get out of it in terms of adherence it's a lot easier because you don't have to shoot it daily you can also modulate the release pattern of it through either the ester so like you'll typically it prescribe like the longest bleed ester so sipping it has a half life of like I think it's like 10 days or something the 8 to 10 days depending on how depending on individual biochemistry and how you kind of like cleave the ester but you can also change the way it absorbs via injecting sub continuously into stomach fat or into any subq fat versus intramuscularly where it's more quickly going to get absorbed and assimilated so you can also bleed out the effect even more and make it even more stable in your blood levels and it's pretty easy to adhere to a TRT protocol of like micro injections even on like a relative frequent basis like every other day is pretty damn stable subcontainously is what a lot of guys do when it works really really well and keeps it very stable a hormonal concentration curve it's pretty predictable and what's going to happen you just kind of like gotta be aware of the you know how hard you're pushing it and what that will do to your risk profile accordingly the other way that's promising that I would say is a oral testosterone undecanuate lymphatic absorption patented format so there is three I believe Tlando, Jitendo and KaiserTrix and they basically managed to make a lymphatic leabsorb testosterone undecanuate you can actually swallow or lay where it was back and then day they would have had to make it hepatotoxics to actually make it through the liver through first pass metabolism and actually like make it into circulation to any meaningful level they'd have to like add like a 17 alpha alkalated group to it and make it like a terrible for you oral steroid essentially this does not have the same level of stress it's not stress free as far as I know but it's will get you with the meat a meaningfully significant like get you replacement of total two levels to like mid to high range depending on the person likely achieve symptom relief for guys who are hypogonatal and is pretty sustainable because you're just popping something so some people prefer that pretty expensive though and kind of like a newer medium of administration but promising nonetheless typically what guys are doing those still is the injections and the or the crme and the other method is intra-neasal which I'm sure you've probably heard of for like you know hyperactive sexual disorder for women but has a potential for that as well as for men as like a different medium of getting like an arith row poeces stimulating free version of task so acute it's just like an unsustainable daily treatment unfortunately like it's okay if you're trying to have like an on demand libido boost as a female or something but for a guy using it like multiple times a day in snording something it's like not something any guy I think would want to do for I don't even think it's cool to begin with I think for once you get to like the month or couple month mark the novelty would probably fade like a lot of guys are you know super excited when they start testosterone injections like it's like this roster using like this hormone and it's you know I'm replacing and it's you know I feel like this big significant thing and then you know year-end it's just like oh I gotta do my injection so it's like whatever you can most sustainably adhere to that is like the safest will achieve the alchemy desire the symptom relief is the one you should stick to and the cream I guess I didn't mention the obvious but like transference if you have children you have pets like there are concerns with you know like what you were gonna rub it off on and like how like you're hygiene with it so that's worth mentioning because like there are cases of transference issues that have been noted in the media you know I think I did a video a while ago where some dad accidentally was like wiping a residue one is kid without even realizing it even after you like thought he cleaned it and his kid was like starting to get masculine eyes from the from the testosterone residue or something wow yeah crazy because it's like the levels are so low like any like significant amount will like push things in like a significant incremental direction that is like gonna cause problems so that's a thing Rosenjektion it's like you're in the bathroom you do it and it's clean and done totally sterile you know I'm not that worried about like on my hands fully clean you know it's something to get into it like good luck accidentally like breaking into like a multi-dose vial or something like it's not gonna happen so yeah there's like difference like logistical advantages to some of these administration methods that probably should not be understated but are worth mentioning so yeah I think three most viable cream scroll up application injection intramuscal or sub cue if you want to bleed out the effect or maybe the oral all but I want to see more of the literature as it evolves right so it's kind of a new new thing and when it comes to the injections it sounds like more frequent sub cue is like sub tainus is like where you're gonna get more less of the probability of having that super physiological peak versus like if you're just doing it once a week intramuscular not bleeding out that like response that are effect but again as you mentioned it compliance is definitely gonna be better if you're doing it once a week but I mean twice a week three times like every other day I mean you know for people that are really concerned about risk profile perhaps they have already like you know a family history of cardiovascular disease or stroke or whatever they probably are more incentivized to like lower that risk for any potential side effects yeah like in general I think or utility what about I mean I mean men that are wanting to reproduce yeah yeah I'll talk about that too but one rule of thumb that's like to make it as easy to understand at least for me this is the easiest to understand like how I remember it is the closer something is to what would be equivalent to what you would naturally make should you have had should you have healthy functioning tests these producing natural testosterone that's gonna be the one that has the least impact on all of the unlike intentional consequences of like spikes in our mountain so like normally on a daily basis you would pulse out like in abs and flows multiple times so like the more you can get these like the more stable you can get it with the more micro administration spread throughout the week the more stable everything will be and as a consequence less spikes into the territory that would produce things that are not representative of physiologic and typically daily administration is the way to go whether it's like cream is gonna be twice a day at least but then for injection it's like every day in every other day there's diminishing returns but you can kind of like we said bleed it out a bit so yeah so as far as fertility goes yeah you will absolutely crush your fertility pretty significantly if not entirely depending on some things so in for testicular testosterone is the significant mediator of spermatogenesis so it's not uncommon even for body builders who are on huge amounts of steroids to still accidentally get their wives girlfriend pregnant thinking that their sterile when in fact they have so much testosterone in their body that it's like actually like producing these permata genesis effect via the exogenous hormone what that does the epigenetics all that stuff no idea would freak me out of it well like it's it happens and it's like on paper these guys should be completely infertile but still see accidental pregnancies all the time in the body building world so I wouldn't rely on that as a means of a contraception as a guy first of all but you will almost certainly have like inhibited to like horrifically low if not a zoo spermic level fertility if you are on even just like baseline replacement because you are shutting down the signaling from your brand that otherwise dictates the intratisticular activity so by that I mean the hypothal messed releases the gnrh like an adetropin releasing hormone so it's the hormone that causes the release of genetropin's hence the name at the petuitary gland the petuitary response to that gnrh to then produce the genetropin's which are the luteenizing hormone lh and the fsh follicles stimulating hormone just like in women goes down to the go and ends and the thing that happens is you produce intratisticular testosterone at the light excel and women do too which is a thickest cells instead of lighting cells and that intratisticular testosterone mediates permated genesis in unison with the subtly cells which are also supported by follicle stimulating hormone so if you have exogenous testosterone so you're administering it yourself synthetically you have basically told you brain I have enough estrogen and testosterone via this injection I'm doing or whatever it is so you cannot produce any more gnrh because like why would we need you to we have enough hormones like okay let's turn that off let's turn off as a result we have no signal to produce petuitary hormones or the the gnrh to be turned that off and now you have no signaling to your testiest and now you're just like literal organ atrophy is a current because there's no signaling happening there so the only thing you can really do at that point if your HRT protocol is not built around replicating manual signal because that is a means that some people do if you have adequate organ function you could theoretically do that instead of TRT but if you're going to be on TRT like you either replicate that natural signal or you sustain organ atrophy to the point of potentially some permanent likely deterioration all but likely not inability to restore fertility it's very rare that I see guys who are actually like not truly fully hypogonatal like their testiest still work they just had inadequate signaling or something via like secondary hypogonatism if those individuals maintain the signaling only you can retain the structural integrity for the most part of the testies and then if you want to get pregnant or whatever you are either currently fertile still because you're manually stimulating it or you could like you can basically manually manipulate how fertile you are in real time essentially so you could fully retain all fertility parameters even push them to super levels if you wanted to I don't recommend it but like you can maintain everything while you're in testosterone via that manual signaling of ATG plus recombinant FSH that's like the combo that basically replicates what would otherwise be the LH nephasace from your pituitary to your testies you maintain structural the size the functionality sperm production etc but then you also have to account for the extra testosterone you're producing that's stacked on top of your exogenous test now so now your dose might have to change any amount of estrogen there's like local activity in the testies for how much aromatization happens in what not which is different than if you're injecting it like in your butt or something so you have to account for that differential too some people get highly estrogenic from ATG in particular which is like a female like literally in pregnant women's urine to stimulate light excels that's what it's like purified from um and you know there's some speculation as to if ATG is like healthy to be on as a guy like you're taking like an extract of like women's urine it's like a light excel stimulator similar to LH and seems to mimic the effects of LH but it's still not LH it's ATG which like human coriander can't get at and for open isn't what comes from your pituitary to your testies it's just something that stimulates the light excels significantly so do we see any like notable effects on like I don't know epigenetic modifications from ATG plus FSH mediated babies like not that I'm aware of not that I've seen any literature point to but it's worth noting nonetheless that ATG is not like a bio identical genetic rope and for men that you would otherwise be using to chew to your testies it's like a replacement for it and recommend an FSH is like it's FSH but it's still like brown and a lab it's not from your pituitary does that matter I don't know for sure but either way you can maintain your fertility metrics to literal baseline if you had an adequate adjunct therapy it's just very cost prohibitive like the cost of recombinant FSH is insane and ATG itself is expensive and then you're stacking that on top of your testosterone that you're using it's not necessarily an affordable thing for everyone so a lot of guys just let their testies after fee because that's what they can afford to do and they want to still get the symptom relief and then once it comes time to have a kid they have a bit of a more intensive protocol ahead of them to restore organ size and functionality which is more intensive of a process than if you just sustained I am sure like you could speak to like it's easier to keep stuff where it is than it is to try and like regain health so if you've literally atrefried an organ until like you know a fraction of its functionality it's trying to like bring it back from the it's not dead but it's like very compromised it's likely not going to restore to like full functionality and the road to getting the interval require more aggressive intervention you'll still probably get back to fertile but like it might not be as good of health of the sperm for all we know it might not be the same capacity to produce the same volume who knows so all that to say yeah you should expect your fertility to go down the toilet and you should expect that you have an adjunct protocol in place if you want to sustain it if you're on testosterone and you want to sustain the fertility but it's possible to sustain a lot of people thought until like relatively recently that if you're on testosterone you just couldn't and you're going to be infertile for sure and it's unfortunate because there's a lot of guys especially body builders who underwent severe atrophy and then had like really more difficult roads to recovery because of just bad information wow I mean it's like imagine finding out like for 10 years you've been on like hormone therapy and you could have kept your testicles where they were the whole time and now you just have like these shriveled you know like raisins they have to like re-stimulate the baseline through like insane aggressive dosages of ACHG and FSAG like not cool so I mean what point does that after restart to occur I mean like how long do you have to be on you know TNT before that really starts to happen um it's pretty quick because like the suppression of the cananasropens happens like within dates like once you start to inject that hormone like you've introduced an amount that is going to tell your brain we have enough to make any more in the month that cananasropens bottom out you have no signal like you will afterfie over you know the next months and get to some level of afterfie that is variable depending on the person but regardless you're not stimulating activity so even if like the structural size isn't like as significant of a drop like there's a lack of activity entirely so like you know it's all kind of individual dependent but like you should expect shrinkage within you know weeks to months. Wow and so this is also kind of important to point out for like guys that are you know caboing it and trying to like they want to they want to get their T-up for like maybe some muscular effects or something right and they're just kind of like maybe not hypogonautal but like lower range yeah like every series very seriously like it's you know that you want to be on it it's also something to experiment with in my opinion if it's like the route of hormone therapy like treat it as such like you treat it like you are on it forever probably. And biomarkers to monitor right let's say you are going to be on this and so some of the biomarker you mentioned like lipids and we're talking about hematocrit right like some of these biomarkers are important like what what would be or what are some of the ones that that your company measures or what you think are important to measure PSA right. Mm-hmm yeah I think uh um hematology you know that's kind of like covers the basics of you know red blood cell count and medicare to hemoglobin et cetera um metabolic parameters um like there's a lot of stuff you want to incrementally assess like how well it's working to like how much more metabolically like fit or are you becoming your blood work in insulin sensitive and whatnot because these are metrics of progress you can use to actually determine how well this is going for you so it's not just about like where did your total T and free T end up on paper it's also about like the real health benefits that you're seeking not just from a symptom relief aspect but also from like yeah what you're fasting insulin now is it like way better because you have more muscle mass when your body like if not like you know there's things to be had that are going to be net beneficial from a health standpoint not just like a cosmetic and like I don't know sexual health standpoint that should be monitored regularly and I think one of the key things is just making sure you have a good baseline because it's like once you a lot of people make the mistake of like this is kind of like mediated by default through us like you have to get a baseline to even like see where you're at before you would get even recommended to do anything but a lot of people they get on hormones before they have a baseline and then they just like don't know what they're looking at after they're on it and if you have a problem and you've shut down your system via hormones and you're trying to like retroactively figure out what happened in one when and wrong it's pretty difficult to see what like the change was that was marked and like significant that led you to where you are that might be you know a problem so if you have like a reasonably comprehensive baseline that assesses the hematology CMP that assesses your kidney status via sustenance estimated GFR or a SDA May which is like a symmetric symmetric dim it's another marker more progress mark for kidney function that is a proxy for anyone clearance with relative accuracy which is like the gold standard of actual GFR for kidney filtration capacity for your distance where you could just type in ADMA and STMA and you'll see what the acronym stands for I think you've talked about on your show too I don't know what this stands for either yeah one of the asymmetric dimethyl originate in one's yeah so one of the successes a vast so dilation potential and one is more like a for cardiovascular one is more of like a kidney marker that is equivalent or slightly better than sustenance estimated GFR which is not influenced by muscle mass creatinine intake or the array of things that can cause transient complete like to the point of it being unusable changes in the marker because creatinine calculated EGFR the amount of guys I've seen think that they're on borderline like death store of kidney failure from a creatine that's high because they're you know a muscle bound guy who takes creatine and like works out harder whatever it's like it's startling that this isn't more widely known so either of those two kind of like strong proxies for anyone clearance you have your kind of metabolic parameters to see your insulin sensitivity, human global anyone see you know all the kind of basics um I think the lipid panel definitely a baseline HDL to see how much it gets lowered by the dose of testosterone you're using because you will likely see a suppression if you are elevating your testosterone beyond what you are at doesn't mean that it's bad or good it's just worth noting like how much of a deterioration it has based on your dose because that's one of the proxies we're kind of like an energetic activity SHBG your binding proteins like what's your baseline relative to after because if you are injecting infrequently or a dose that is significantly suppressive like it might otherwise be a proxy for like using more than you might need not necessarily the case always but SHBG will get suppressed dramatically by exogenous and regions in a dose dependent manner so it's not uncommon to see what bodybuilders are using full-blown steroid cycles SHBG levels in the single digit which is like you have essentially no regulation of androgen exceedingly at that point it's just like everything's flying around so with guys on TRT it's like worth knowing where you stood to begin with and then how much a decrease because it's like if you didn't know the baseline too any of your diet changes at that point the carbon impulations the exercise change the caloric intake change the sleep you had a no idea what the impact thing was for sure that impact to the SHBG if you didn't have the baseline so um what else as far as assessing um free tea and total tea measured through the accurate asses which would be the gold standard for total testosterone is the liquid chromatography of a tandem mass spectrometry if you use an equilibrium if you use a immunocytes test which is like the cheaper version often it will be relatively inaccurate especially at lower like more low levels it is like notoriously inaccurate because the very low numbers like you need to be more specific so like with women especially like you don't want to be messing around with the amino asset test you want to be using sensitive asset extra dial every single time sensitive asset testing for total tea and for free testosterone you don't want to be using a calculation ideally you would want to be measuring through equilibrium ultra filtration or equilibrium dialysis which are like actual measurements not estimate based on calculations um it's kind of what I recommend I would recommend and then extra dial is LC and S as well the same as what you use for total testosterone and what else um probably missing some stuff basically liver markers to be the have like oh so this stuff is going to get directly affected the most by androgens though is going to be like your genatotropans lhnfsh they're going to be in the ground and if they're not it kind of indicates that you don't have adequate either androgen or estrogen signaling it would be odd if you're on testosterone replacement your lhnfsh won't like at the bottom of the barrel it would almost be questioning at that point like am I having something inhibit the androgens from working or the estrogen is it's like you could theoretically blunt estrogen mediated feedback by using you know an aromatase inhibitor or a serm or something and like blunt that response and you would see in your blood work it'd be like your body still thinks it needs to make more natural testosterone and you know it's kicking up the genatotropans so if you're on like true replacement those levels should be like not like even present essentially um which is odd like seeking to have like a bottom known number as like what the target is um that would kind of indicate you've definitely kind of like satisfactory replaced to what you need to stimulate like the negative feedback um yeah and I mentioned the lipids um yeah I'm definitely missing something but fast the insulin some of the insulin resistance markers and um there's some stuff you should probably check like baseline like clotting risks you know predispositions uh factor five latent you know things like this um L people at a lay at baseline especially because androgens suppress L p little a uniquely which a lot of people don't realize is affected by androgens which is typically not something could be manipulated through anything really that I'm aware of through like diet and lifestyle so you might think you have like uh I don't know you might have like I think you have a better L p little lay than you actually had a baseline so like your genetics might be like masked a bit by your endogenous um I don't know thyroid balance you know thyroid levels are good to have how much TSH do you have you know T4 T3 the free balance of those hormones IGF1 none of these are like critical necessarily but there's worth having for basic health assessments and to see where you land but like yeah it's basically like your total test your free test your estradile the free levels um sensitive assay measurements L H F H H E hematology H D L kind of like the basics metabolic health insulin sensitivity metrics I think are kind of like the critical baseline ones. It's a great comprehensive yeah I don't I don't imagine everyone is doing that uh well fortunately a lot of good panels was just like have it for you like it's not like you would ever be expected to remember all that stuff and I'm probably missing like I'm sure I like I can't remember it all I'd have to go look at our own pre-designed panels to tell you I probably should have done that at the beginning of the thing or other of rambling non-sensically so just briefly women you know this is another I'd love to know we've talked a lot of already about like testing methodology timing testing you know time of the day to test and all that stuff but you know how how does a woman go about like determining whether or not she has low testosterone he needs to kind of figure out dietary lifestyle wise like you know obviously that's the first blind of you know defense right you kind of dress that first but I just would like to talk about like generally speaking clinical symptoms and women sounds like it's pretty similar to men we talked about that um what females are a candidate for testosterone placement therapy like what's the actual reference range for women let's say they also have symptoms or maybe they just want to have some of the benefits of a little bit more testosterone as they're getting into perimenopause and um and such so yeah can we talk a little bit about like women yeah so the reference range I believe it's it's gonna depend on the lab of course but in general I believe lab corp is 15 to 70 nanograms per decilator so like the rough equivalent of you know a bit less than maybe like one tenth that of men um and for them defining low tea gets a bit more difficult because you're so close to like zero essentially that one if you're not doing sensitive enough testing like you're probably not gonna be accurate so that's where the it's super critical that you have these levels assessed accurately through the LCMS methodology that I mentioned um but also like are they doing anything that is extra-suppressive on top of all the stuff men already have to consider like contraceptives because it's like you could be artificially inducing a state of low tea that you otherwise wouldn't have and then maybe like self-diagnosing thinking that you have it like what you technically do maybe on paper but it's like self mediated through something that you were also prescribed that's like a hormone too so that gets a bit tough but in general it's a simplified like a lot of the stuff we just mentioned is like directly analogous to like what women should look to as well it's the same micro nutrients it's the same just a different scale and proportions the same eating enough calories and not starving yourself and leading to you know a manoria it's making sure you have like a normal you know menstrual period all this stuff um um up up uh and then yeah like you know the you know the the oral contraceptives is significant and worth noting if you're on that like you almost certainly are artificially suppressing yourself into like the equivalent of hypotarotaurator for women so if you're on it like I would probably check where you stand and you know decide if that's the medium you want to continue moving forward and for some women it works like it's not to say that that's something you shouldn't be on at all some women like that some women have like hyper and virgin leaning you know uh phenotypes and they might actually maybe benefit from some suppression it kind of depends like some women need to use like anti-antergence to maintain like a more neutral profile to not get like hersatism and whatnot which is like like hair growth that would be reflective of like masculine characteristics um so yeah like in general I'd be looking to that um basics symptom and symptoms and the biomarkers while there is a reference range of 15 to 70 I don't think you're ever gonna have a doctor who's not part of like I don't know like the more progressive kind of like preventive really on the cutting edge tell them for sure just because they were low or like clinically low that they should replace because there's not really like uh there's no FDA approved medication for women for testosterone in the US there isn't the Australia apparently which is kind of wild considering it's like the most regulated uh place ever that you there's like almost nothing's legal there but somehow like testosterone is for women shockingly but in uh the US everything's like awful able so you're gonna have to use like a male formulation and rangel and like apply like a pea size amount to your arm or something if you use it and then even that would be done with the oversight of like a pretty rigorous doctor ideally and one of the things that can point to is if somebody was to go on TRT as a woman one of the things that would be freaking most of them out is the side effect profile that are irreversible like for men side of here just deal if you had a bit of a deeper voice like it might be a benefit and you get a bit of her or whatever for women if you get irreversible voice deepening like that is quality of life destroying for some of them and you can't just fix it so one of the things I would absolutely do because there are a lot of doctors now that are like in the cutting edge that will overshoot women based on their more like liberal kind of like women should be optimal and like you they should be like 200 total to you and like I had one doctor even when I was like first getting into this industry who's like really respected I'm not gonna necessarily put them on blasts it's hopefully it's kind of fixed his protocols but he had a cookie cutter protocol that was like way too aggressive and like I could uh he had my mom on the protocol and I picked up the phone one day and like I didn't even recognize her voice I was like what the hell and fortunately we like got her off in immediately and it's sort of like self regulated in some extent but it was like fast and aggressive and blatant and I was like if I wasn't looking for this like she could have been like for sure viralized to the point of an unrecognizable voice within a matter of weeks yeah yeah so you gotta be like hyper aware even if you think you have like the most knowledgeable guy overseeing you I would recommend downloading like a really vetted and highly reviewed app that monitors your actual like tone of your voice to assess any sort of changing inflection tonality deepness because that's the only thing that will assess in real time that change without just some subjective assessment from your like significant other or something because eventually if you don't when you're seeing yourself every day and it's like micro changes you don't really notice and then all of a sudden one day you notice in the mirror you have hair loss or all of a sudden you have like you know hair on your lip that you didn't have or somebody tells you like your voice sounds deeper and you didn't even realize it was happening this stuff is insidious but it will still creep up quick and you might not notice the changing tremendously because you're so either the changes are still like on a daily basis you might not notice yourself but also a lot of women are kind of with even some of them are willing to like overlook it because they feel so good with the protocol it's like my quality of life is so great now I don't want to mess with anything and they'll just stay the course and then like fuck themselves up and they don't need to they could have got the same symptom really felt like a much lower dose so wow yeah you gotta be careful if you're a woman like replacing test especially because it's uh we're a lot of doctors that like especially the ones that have cookie cut up protocols that are like you know everyone should get to a total of you know 200 to 300 like might be a bit aggressive maybe she's like you know yeah I mean especially as you're mentioning like the the range is so small for us right women that like I mean I I'm concerned like even trying I mean I don't know if I need it right now but so you know I'm not saying that I'm going to but you know for women that like do go and get a test again we don't even know that they got the right test maybe it wasn't even sensitive enough right and so now they're getting on testosterone replacement therapy and then it's like you know it feels like kind of like the wild west in a way right like you mentioned it's there's no FDA approved TRT for women so it's off-label you're kind of just yeah go and I don't know it feels like uncharted territory so yeah you know I mean like there's definitely a way to go about it that I think is net beneficial for sure it's not like clinically like this one there's a guideline that says like at this level equals you know you're the equivalent of hypogonaddle and you should be on testosterone like it's always going to be an awfulable recommendation based on a assessment of like what kind of net benefit you would hopefully get out of it which for a lot of people with a responsible use in menopause would probably be in that benefit if they needed it but your deterioration and testosterone production is not going to diminish to the same degree of velocity as your estrogen and progesterone that essentially plummet into nothingness like a lot of the testosterone is mediated through adrenal synthesis and like peripheral tissue conversion it's not all ovarian so like your the proportion of how much testosterone you make in each area is not going to be equivalent women to women it's going to change depending you know individual genetics so like you might not have that big of a drop in testosterone or even like the perceived impact of that drop relative to another woman it might not be nearly a significant like you might be totally fine and menopause just being on estrogen and progesterone micronized or whatever um it all depends and that's where like and a new one's assessment and like no cookie cutter protocol it's like there are general guidelines of kind of like where to start with things but like that's the reason you have to be like insanely educated about the stuff going in especially for your a woman using like an off label prescription of something that is not FDA approved like there could be a huge quality of life bump but like you got to know what you're doing when you go in and like it sounds bad you almost like got to know what the ideal protocol is for you like before the doctor tells you you have to like find the doctor who like even though his response was crazy yeah you've got to do your due diligence you got to educate yourself no I mean this with podcasts like this from her as well and if you find that there's a um a way that you could get there like for example if you found out you were like adrenal insufficient for example like there are natural things that you could do on the women's side like DHA I'm sure at some point we would have ended up talking about not meaningfully impactful for men's testosterone levels because the majority is driven through intratusicular testosterone production but for women because you only have such a amount like you know 15 to 70 total a significant chunk of that could be driven through DHA mediated conversion and if that is the case in your low DHA via an assessment of the biomarker DHA as typically as a proxy sulfated DHA you may highly benefit from like a basic DHA oral supplement that's like you know uh easier to protect what's going to happen it's like an actual marker you can point to as deficient based on like a validated you know clinical biomarker and you know exactly what happens when like like there isn't a it could convert technically to different metabolites but in general women respond favorably to an adequate DHA dose when warranted for testosterone conversion like I've seen pretty dramatic changes to the degree of women on combined oral contraceptives attenuating entirely the loss in testosterone production via the pregesting and estrogen induced suppression through the DHA so like by that I mean starting off with like a 70 total T getting suppressed down to like you know 30 years something on your combined oral contraceptive taking DHA and getting back up to 70 while you're still on the combined oral contraceptive. What kind of dose of DHA? 25 to 50 would be like what you've seen the studies but I would start lower for sure just to see how you respond because it is again an androgen and women some of them respond pretty aggressively with acne flare ups and anrogenic side effects and it should still be treated with the respect that it deserves because it's an androgen it will still mediate similar side effects and some women don't respond favorably to it and like you know testosterone could be warranted depending on the person you just gotta know like the dose is like really really small and like it's probably like a tiny little blip of cream or gel like whatever you're using it's probably going to be uh just be like a wear of you know an extremely cautious about like who you're deferring to for information on it because it's not something you want to mess with without like knowing exactly where your dose should theoretically put you on like a reference range and like what that might yield in terms of symptom relief or like benefit quality of life of an array of people that are trusted in the they don't like widespread community for this kind of stuff and you you know multiple opinions not just like one guy who you know is a cowboy dog. Totally yeah no this is great info um kind of the last topic to to get to and we've already sort of touched on it was like some of the side effects of maybe perhaps some of this engine you know therapy or hormone replacement therapy hair loss and this is a thing I know you've personally talked about it's it's very interesting and I sort of just want to talk about it out of my own my own interests like why why does hair loss occur like what is the role of DHT in that process you know it's kind of a crazy thing how in this day and age we have like advanced AI stuff we have like all these like cutting edge treatments for you can like literally completely get rid of the likely of ASCVDs or crushing APO being like different things of this nature but like hair loss no one has a fucking clue what happens or how to prevent it without just crushing your DHT levels essentially which is wild that that's still a thing but as long as I've been researching this stuff there's been people that are like oh the you know the solutions on the horizon like every two weeks you'll see some viral article on Twitter like you see a lady scientist found like wrote in regroup all his hair after shaved from like random thing like oh my god D ribos is the solution I'm gonna dump it on my head you should see the nutty shit that people on like red it and whatnot dump on the head yeah thanks for a fan was one two it went wrongly sprouts on the head didn't end up working though um I'm sure it has like some like indirect benefit for like systemic health at the end of the day the unfortunate reality inherently in the name of what it is is what is causing it which is an energetic, androgen mediated alipisa so the mineralization of hair follicles mediated by androgens primarily the one that is the most potent in its androgenic activity which is DHT and these hormones it's not just like they convert and then have like in the in the blood or like at the liver or something that is like tissue specific concentrations of enzymes that are more prominent and in particular in the skin in the scalp especially too you will have there's way more five alpha reductase density in men for converting testosterone to DHT so that like local reaction where you converting more test, or on into DHT is resulting in like a significantly high per surface area amount of DHT than like any almost any other area in the body with exception of like other other skin areas that are hairy you know the prostate as well like the scrotum when you apply the cream like you actually get a bit of a disproportionate spike in DHT and mention earlier but anyway in the scalp highly expressing five alpha reductase and that conversion seems to be what mediates androgenic alipisa and essentially all cases there are some fringe cases in men where okay you might have a nutrient deficiency or you might have some weird genetic predisposition that was totally corrected by adding in fill in the blank thing or you had undiagnosed hypothyroidism or what have you typically not the case typically it's pattern hair loss, mineralization of the hair follicle and if a lot of people unfortunately get misled by these like crazy you know wild stories like oh the solutions on the horizon I just like wipes them broccoli on your head oh do this and they just lose their hair and there's no recovery because unfortunately what happens is if you leave it for too long the area starts to undergo fibrosis so it's not like it's something that you can necessarily recover to baseline if you're completely slick bald the scalp environment is no longer habitable to like healthy hair follicles that are like you know your original hair you're not going to grow it back probably until it starts like cloning hair follicles are something so you kind of got to get in front of it similar to ASCVD is absurd as it sounds like before it starts stacking because it's something that's cumulative and in city is an overtime eventually all of a sudden to problem so when you're young you know why is it this is one of the stupidest things to hear why is it that when you're DHT levels are at their highest when you're young you have no hair loss but then when you're old you have hair loss it's like the same reason that you've been stacking, placking your order since you were like a teenager like it's cumulative so being preventative and proactive is the name of the game and it comes to hair loss and I'm not to say that like there isn't a solution that exists in the planet that somehow addresses the downstream cascade of like you know TGF beta and like you know the the WNT pathway all this fringe stuff that is a result of the Androgen induced transcriptional activity but at the end of the day nothing seems to be potent enough to attenuate whatever is happening downstream so like the net result is the follicle literally like Starves itself and miniaturizes like the follicle becomes weaker thinner and over time the anrogen phase which is like the growth phase of the hair follicle shortens shortens shortens and over time you're just like shedding weaker and weaker hair and it's growing back thinner and thinner and eventually it's so thin sparse and insignificant cosmetically that you can't even see it and it's just like these follicles of essentially died and gone undergone literal apoptosis because each one is an organ and itself individually and once it dies like it's not can just come back from the dead and in that area you know fibrosis or undergoes fibrosis and like you're screwed and that's spot essentially unless you transplant non-agia androgenic alopecia effect of hair follicles into that dead zone but like you need a lot of hair to offset like a completely bald head and it's like typically not possible if you've let yourself get too far gone so and it's really interesting too because these hair follicles they're not prone to the same miniaturization so like even if you transplant it from here to here like it's not gonna undergo the same effect even though it's like in that area interestingly enough but these hair follicles are like highly prone to miniaturization if you are susceptible to hair loss what makes you susceptible to hair loss genetics but in general are you gonna bank on you being the one guy like how many guys do you know who 50 years old plus have like no visible hair loss whatsoever and it looks like they did when they were 19 years old my dad but his hair's gray but it's just literally the same is that actually yeah yeah yeah full stick like okay how to hair but it's just white I feel very thick yeah but it's it's now he's an ally or for sure and you you have a son you said I do oh he must be using me thrilled then is it if you get a mom side typically it's thought to be the mom's dad it doesn't always play out like that's it always does but like that's a good he might not have to take you know the hormone crushing drugs he might be one of the fringe lucky ones oh we will talk about the proactive I mean so you know what what are these proactive measurements that can be done that to grow actively as unfortunate of a reality as it is you have to weigh the risk to reward on inhibiting DHT so how far ahead of you get of this kind of impacts how intensive of a protocol you have to use as well as your like susceptibility to that endogenic stimulation which is also going to be contingent on your hormone level so if you're you know hypogonaddle and then you correct that and bump yourself up to you know high normal like you might have doubled your endogenous load in your scalp for all you know and the proportional increases like magnified multiple fold because it's more five-alph or a ductase expression in the scalp than like anywhere else essentially so getting in front of it the only thing like how they developed these drugs was they found that individuals that had a mutation in the gene that encodes for five-alph or a ductase seem to not undergo full sexual maturation in adolescence and they would end up with shockingly the same amount of muscle mass as like you know they're like for example siblings who weren't affected but inhibited a maturation of genitals for example like not full that often end up with like a micro penis that's like where that comes from typically but also no facial hair growth really and no temporal recession is like one of the pal marks of yeah the they're called pseudo hermaphrodites which is like I don't know male pseudo hermaphrodites and maybe that's not like I put a correct term now but that's what they are on the literature and it is literally these individuals have no inhibition in their capacity to produce testosterone it is all the DHC now it doesn't mean that testosterone doesn't also have a similar effect on hair follicles it's just the magnitude of effect is so much less that if you get in front of it like day one unless you're highly susceptible the inhibition via inhibiting that enzyme is likely going to be sufficient to offset loss for your visibly for your entire life because it's a progressive thing and you won't even notice the cosmetic difference in hair density until you've lost like 25 plus percent of your hair so like if I pull a hair on my head right now visibly we look no different if I pull two hairs on my head we look visibly no different but once you start to get to like tens of thousands of hair follicles you have on average depending on the ethnicity but like it's like 70 to like 80,000 upwards of 100,000 hair follicles on your head once you've gone to the point that you'd down like 10,000, 20,000, 30,000 all of a sudden you're starting to see visibly like in downlight and you can see through your scalp and you couldn't before you're starting to see yourself in pictures and you're like oh that's weird like I don't remember seeing I have to like part my hair we were now to cover the spot like the whole thing went on and then like one day it hits you and it's devastating and you're just like shit I guess I am prone to hair loss I thought I was immune this whole time it's not the kiss yeah yeah that's rough that's depressing okay so now I certainly don't want to leave a part of that saying you know in finance right we're detached from a very astray screwed like there's an ROI calculation to be made similar to any sort of hormonal therapy that is not to be minimized there are side effect profiles with these drugs just as there is with any drugs but I would compel you to look at the actual literature and assess what the prevalence was among those who were subjected to DHT deprivation in finance right users and detached right and it is not much different than placebo in very very rigorous and significant high number of subject studies that were well well constructed studies like this is not something that a lot of it is media driven it's not to be ignored some people have devastated but it's a minority of individuals and it's just kind of like do you want to be one of those individuals who takes the risk or not there are ways to assess if you're more likely to be one of those individuals if you were a low androgen status individual to begin with for example I have low normal free testosterone with a borderline you know hypogonatal looking DHT level to begin with and I'm still already having hair loss like and I already have symptoms will crushing my DHT to nothing be more likely to result in a side effect than somebody who's like vital no side like thriving no issues whatsoever seemingly like there is an androgen load component to assess like how significant of an impact that might have on your ability to support functions driven through androgens because it's like every person is going to have a some degree of impact it just might not be perceivable in any noticeable way whatsoever like you might have like a some like few percent deterioration to your nitric oxide capacity in your erection boy you notice that I don't know depends on the person in a study that doesn't seem like the prevalence is very significant and shockingly do task right is a similar side effect profile to finasteride even studies comparing them or you have near full inhibition of systemic DHT versus only 60 to 70 percent of the if an asteroid which only inhibits two of the three iso enzymes in the scalp so it's like it's not there's a side effect profile it's just overblown by media but it's not zero and it's definitely worth reading the literal studies yourself before you come to an opinion because there will be people who try and plant their opinion and their subjective assessment based on their experience in your mind like oh I had no side effects it's fine just get on a brodoinary but or I had the worst experience ever and ruined my life it's gonna fuck you up join my lawsuit to superk you know that's like the kind of like disparity in these communities and they will have like some it's it's not like they're both wrong like everyone has their own individual drug response and some people have like the most insane response to Tylenol and only it's not like anything is risk free in this world so just be aware that these are ultimately hormone therapies that you're getting on like it's not it will also not dramatically but could suppress fertility metrics mildly because intratistic healer androgenic signaling does dictate spermantigenesis that includes DHT so like if you're reducing the DHT a lot that might impede your fertility the stomachs then too if even if you're natural and have no you know testosterone therapy or like a u-genatyl male but yeah the most impactful therapy for sure intervention wise is going to be inhibiting DHT the degree to which you inhibited will be dictated on how susceptible you are but if you nuke DHT into nothingness via high dose due to asteroid it's pretty difficult if not near impossible to lose heresumail now the most susceptible might need to be on a topical anti-androgen or maybe their side effect profile will be superior with a lower DHT inhibition and some sort of adjunct topical anti-androgen therapy with it or some topical five-alpha reductase inhibition with the topical anti-androgen it's all kind of like a bit of a strategy approach based on your individual risk profile and the way you want to take but if you don't attenuate miniaturization potential like you're not going to prevent hereloss you could take monoxidol they you could take all the pump concedoial, sapel metodumsel for a fan on your head whatever you want like it's not going to move the needle for inhibiting miniaturization mediated through androgens which is ultimately what it is and for females PCOS females like it doesn't take that much of an androgens burden to start to miniaturize like it's pretty quick and noticeable and most hairloss outcomes with women come from autoimmune related alopecia aerogata Hashimoto styroider's nutrient deficiencies things of this nature they're typically not in a pattern of like androgen related miniaturization but when it is it's like often pretty obvious why and it's just more rare so like you know when people want to speculate about what cause it what doesn't cause it's like the largest anecdotal experiment plays out in a real life everyday with men vs women aging and it's like who's the ones with hairloss like the guy it's like I know the most dialed of bio hackers with infinite resources who are still bald as hell regardless of all the special stuff they tried that wasn't like the drugs that work and it didn't work unfortunately I would love to have a natural therapy that moves the needle but at least for me and what my knowledge the extent of it it's that DHT inhibition is almost a necessity if you're prone to air loss the capacity to which to do it is dictated by genetics androgen load in the scalp and free androgenic signaling and your risk profile will be dictated by your own you know tolerance based on your interpretation of the scientific literature and then there's some adjunct stuff like once you attenuate the miniaturization potential through the androgen related activity in the scalp that's where you can then look to you can have a bit of a top up like kida conzo shampoo for example it's like a mild anti-androgen to that could add some additive protection on top of let's say you're on finasteride instead of the more nuclear do-taste ride and you feel like that risk profile is superior for example get a conzo does help their studies showing anti-quivalent to the hair growth results of 2% minoxidol via a totally different mechanism which is like very significant for something that's taken over the counter shampoo that also you can get that attenuated dandruff to some extent suborbidimate dermatitis can improve the scalp environment to your scalp environment to some extent depending on I don't know if you're prone to like I don't know fungal overgrowth for example but in general it's like a mild 5-alph reductase inhibitor in topical anti-androgen that's just like a good shampoo that doesn't require like the risk profile of a finasteride due to asteroid but it's like typically for most people not going to be sufficient to offset it unless you're like mildly very lightly prone that's where you need to like layer up with the 5-alph reductase inhibition form suitically and then minoxidol is the growth stimulant those FDA approved and the works reliably it's just hit remiss if it works based on your own enzymatic conversion capacity so it needs to convert into minoxidol sulfate in the scalp to actually work and if you have inadequate sulfote transporase enzyme activity it will not you can be a total non-responder even though you're using the full drug dose every day those individuals either have a issue with the scalp environment like they're not getting it into our needs because with topical some of the problem often is just like your scalp either is unhealthy the environment or it's not clean enough or like you're not using a high enough dose of the drug at all depends on the person and the formulation that you're using but in general if you're using it properly and it'll high enough dose you'll be limited by this enzymatic pathway and there are ways to upregulate it one is compounding the monoxidol with treetinoin which can upregulate the sulfate transporase enzyme and allow more of that conversion to take place and then there's micro-needling which also seems to be pretty dramatic turning some non-responders into like significant responders or magnifying the results like multiple fold for people who are responding just not as well as it could be either driven through lack of adequate absorption and or lack of adequate sulfate transporase enzyme activity that also seems to be upregulated via this like manual like micro damage essentially later some crazy studies with individuals who've like burned their scalp that had balding and then they ended up like a regrowing hair after which is pretty weird. The like the recruitment of growth factors that like you wouldn't have gone if it wasn't for that like dramatic event now obviously no one's gonna light their head on fire hopefully but that's a thing. So with the respect to the the topical you know strategies like the monoxidol I mean obviously what what are the side effects of that is that. So it's like a very terrible blood pressure drug so it was originally prescribed for a high blood pressure as a lonesum or yeah. I thought it was taco. Yeah so what they found when they prescribed it for blood pressure decades ago was that one of the side effects besides like people like fainting when they're standing up or having a low blood pressure or water retention was hair growth everywhere including their scalp significantly. So are like huh maybe we can take this drug and repurpose it for a topical for hair growth because it's like essentially a really bad blood pressure drug with a black box warning on it and they did successfully and now it's known to be like the growth stimulant for your hair and seems to avoid a lot of that systemic side effect profile that comes with the oral formulation. Some people still use the oral formulation dermatologists have seemingly adopted it. I would say a little bit haphazardly without really accepting the risk profile accordingly because it's like a pretty it is a bit of a sketchy primitive drug or really especially because the liver has so much sulfo trans raise enzyme conversion enzyme activity that leads to the main oxytl sulfate conversion that you get systemically it leads to some people like pericardial if fusion like water retention, dysregulation of electrolate balance it gets a potassium channel opener and that's how it works and systemically it has a much more significant side effect profile than topically and it's not uncommon to see people even micro dosing it getting arethmias and like talking about like chest pains like freaking out and going to hospital and it's a lot of people just get chucked on it like low dose but it's still low enough it's still high enough that it causes like these problems and some people works really well though but topically it's like the most benign at least entry level way where you can not you can get over the counter like you can just buy it off Amazon or Red Costscore or whatever um way more likely that you won't undergo side effects using it topically and there are some studies many studies that show like similar benefit profiles it's just like a bit more of a nuisance because it's topical and you have to adhere to the protocol but like you know blackbox warning drug from like you know pre 2000 for blood pressure versus like the topical reiteration that is like likely not to cause that worst case scenario you can elevate the efficacy profile by trying to threaten no one with it trying to mend the micro needleing within it if it doesn't work like maybe at that point look at the the oral if you want but like that's kind of like the escalation risk um is the threat knowing oral or topical you would get like compounding pharmacy so formulate it with a monoxidol because you can't buy that over the counter and that would be like you would now have gone to the pharmaceutical route at that point because you would typically what I would do if it were me is like I'd serve it the monoxidol topically if no response I would probably look at micro needleing to ensure there's actual absorption occurring and or the enzyme activity that can be manipulated via that manual cause it's not an extra drug that I'm adding it's just like manual like micro damage essentially that I do once a week and nuisance literature reveals that you might be able to get away with only doing a 0.6 millimeter depth as opposed to the old studies had everyone doing 1.5 which was like guaranteed to draw blood like I have some of my old YouTube videos were like I have like a bloody scalp in the video because of like the depth that I would I would be going to it to be you know using this uh the devices so 0.6 seems to be potentially uh as efficacious with less of a cosmetic issue quicker recovery etc and it's not it's not more drugs it's something that like I recover from quicker my scalp seemingly you know as are some potential downstream issues to hitting my scalp with that once a week I don't know but like so far so good from a lot of the data that I've seen and like for me using it and then from there I would escalate to like the pharmaceutical compound it route at that point if you needed to with like the no compounded monoxidol it's funny that micro needleing like I'm interested in it for skin effects and so yeah people use on the face too like oh yeah so I you know it is something I'm going to do and when I went to my dermatologist and saw like some of the brochures with their studies like because my dermatologist does actual research and it was funny in the brochure it was like there was like this whole hair loss area to the micro needleing some of the stem cell growth factors that they use and I was like hmm what's going on here and I was like oh so it's like regrowing hair and she was like yeah we've done like a small study and we added some it was like a combination of growth factors that are involved in like you know stem cell production and the hair follicle and so I'm wondering if like you that's what I was like interested in the micro needleing too with the hair was like oh so they're essentially just making it better absorbed you're like you're getting whereas if you were to put some seen as stem cell factors on just your scalp like it's just not gonna get absorbed really yeah I think the majority of the benefit is the likely mediated via ensuring adequate absorption of the drug because when you do micro needleing on its own like versus monoxid on its own versus micro needleing plus monoxid like it's not a comparable outcome in terms of like you would expect the micro needleing alone group to be very significant if it was recruiting some sort of local growth factors that were dramatic it seems more like it's probably in ensuring you're actually getting this to where it was supposed to go to begin with but maybe wasn't getting fully assimilated which is fine if that's what it does it's just like that's what some people need in order to get the absorption but it could be like the difference of four acts of results I've seen in some studies so that seems like a legit pathway for for some men that are like a little bit skittish about potential side effects with the oral drugs as well because like the finastroid and do what is the other one do test ride you know you mentioned the the erection but like is there are are there any other serious side effects with those that are really good logical potentially through the balance of like neurotransmitters and zeolytic versus like there's a whole rabbit hole to go down of like inhibition of alipregnant alone which is thought to be the main thing implicating postpartum depression being deprived of it and there's a literal pharmaceutical that was developed to like manually restore that and women that just had birth and have postpartum depression and it seems to be efficacious and seemingly by inhibiting five-alpha reductase he may be inhibiting that like gab or geosegling through that like anti-lidic kind of like calming thing uh molecule essentially and it results in kind of like a depends on the person I think get pretty severe I'm sure you've seen um or at least you know depending on if you're seeing a podcast or people to talk about it or not but I've heard of this like post do test or are post finastroid syndrome you'll never have you you'll never hear about post do test rides syndrome though you know it's a way more potent drug because it's largely a media driven construction it's not to say it's not real there's definitely side effects from these drugs but like there's a huge nissy bow effect that comes with these drugs where you know I have friends who get on and they're like dude I swear like you know my penis is not working like I used to I'm like dude like you're probably fine like don't worry about it and it's like they've read all the stuff that could happen and they're convinced they just like killed the ability to you know hapsect or something and it's like you know the no-sibo effect is absolutely real insignificant and I think it's accounting for a large proportion of people who think they are affected because you can actually know sebo yourself into like real side effects by believing you have that for sure it's very real yeah and there's actually believe it not there's genes that you can there's SNPs that are known that you can look at and even 23 of me does measure these SNPs for placebo versus no sebo and so like some people are more like susceptible to a placebo effect where they like believe in something and it's gonna happen and I'm like like I'm taking on my creatine and I'm like yes I'm like I'm not getting sleepy in the afternoon and it could be placebo but I don't care because it's a real effect right no sebo effect is the same and again there's steps that like some people that have those steps are more susceptible to to believing that something is harming them if they're like aware of those things and so yeah well that's interesting to know but clarifying click on the monoxial though it's a growth stimulant it does absolutely nothing that we know of to attenuate the mineralization caused by DHG so like the only strategy that works is attenuating androgenic activity via either like the mild ketoconeslo which probably is not going to be sufficient but like over the counter pretty benign helpful good champion veraulus that's why I use it but financial energy test right or topical anti-endrogen probably going to be necessary for most monoxials that thing used to regrow hair it's not the thing that prevents loss you can cause medically offset the visual perception of loss via the growing of hair but it does absolutely nothing to prevent the further mineralization so at some point if you just use monoxidil you will have a net catch up where you miniaturize to the point that you are caught up with what you've grown and then you blast past it and you still end up losing your hair okay I see so what you can still delay the visual perception of it still if here's somebody who wants to avoid inhibiting hormones entirely yeah that's a strategy it's still like biting time transplants by time you know it all makes it different yeah but essentially if you want to completely bypass it you have to get you have to inhibit essentially you have to like turn your scalp into a female okay well interesting stuff and your mild exaggeration well like you got it and you're and you're you've been doing this yourself yeah I've been on due tasks right now for years and at least to date I have had no perceivable detriment to my cognitive state to my sexual function to anything that I would point to and I know a lot of individuals that I respect in you know the anti-aging longevity community who also use it and think that it's you know a reasonable enough risk profile for them and that's not to say that I that means I endorse it or I don't endorse it I just use it and I've been okay today not going to win because maybe it's something will happen I don't know either any long-term studies looking at yeah because like these are drugs that are used for pro benign prosthetic hyperplasia and even at dosages up to like 2.5 milligrams daily of due tasks where it has been used with great success with individuals with like no you know like a minority of prevalence of side effects and like the relatively minor from what I've seen the longest study that I know of off the top my head like there's definitely studies assessing follow-ups of individuals who've been on it for like a decade plus I think have they looked at like all cosmortality or any of these like if any I'll get this is going to be a controversial one but my speculation is that if anything these would net or increase your longevity because they're decreasing endogenic stimulation significantly because DHC is literally the most endogenic hormone in your body and if you're inhibiting it and you're just left with the testosterone and the anabolic activity because DHC is entirely inactivated in muscle tissue so you get no muscle growth benefit. Grated dose response studies using due tasks right alongside testosterone even at super dosages the due tasks right getting wiped out had no impact whatsoever on strength and muscular hypertrophy so like there's no benefit muscular early to DHC in any capacity as an adult which is notable because a lot of people think their physique is going to deteriorate if they use one of these drugs not the case has no impact on it whatsoever so I would think especially somebody who's on TRT and like candidly I don't take enough to put me at 400 total T like I taken off to put me at like 800 and like my free tea is like the high normal I think that the due tasks right like probably whatever like excitotosit toxicity or cardio toxicity that I might otherwise be like net netting over into like an area I wouldn't want I would anticipate and speculate that the DHC reduction is probably inhibiting that whatever detriment might be there to some magnitude to be wrong but like I have a net increase in an intritissue aromatization from the inhibition and the 5A R enzyme so like in you know all the tissues that would otherwise be like pro longevity from estrogen locally you're getting a benefit you're getting the proportional increase of 15 to 20% of intratissue estridile and if you don't have any side effect from that if anything you would think okay well it's probably uh vasodilative it's probably like more pro antioxidant it's probably less excitotoxic it's probably less gloomit gloominurgic like all the stuff that is going to be potentially damaging of I don't killing a brain cells this is a speculative thing though I wouldn't hang my head on that or tell anybody that that is the case I do think if there's some sort of direct study though that would be interesting that I was just going to say the same thing pretty sure there is some anti-aging studies on do finance run due to transfer that might I wish we could pull up but we don't have the yeah well something to dive into later for sure and maybe you know it'd be nice to have a study to see like people that are on tier T and you know doing these these antigen you know blockers like how how that affects life expectancy or cardiovascular related disease right so and just like wrap it up on the hair loss front like just because I do something like it does not mean I endorse it because it's a very controversial topic side effects are real not to be ignored some people they deemed the risk profiles worthwhile to the benefit they get the depression and mental anguish they endure from going bald might outweigh the risk profile it's all an individual decision don't listen to a guy on a podcast who tells you he uses something as your indicator if you should use a heavily hormone modulating drug like these are like very significant drugs that should be respected accordingly yeah yeah for real thank you well this has been a very interesting conversation Derek we've been talking for I mean just hours I don't even have hours eight was that your first double pod back yeah was my first back to back yeah especially like long yeah back to long podcast back to back so it's been it's been a fun day talking to you thank you so much for coming on the show talking all things hormones very informative I've learned a lot I have a lot to look into I learned you know I've made no mental notes of things that I want to look into and I'll go back and when I look at the read the episode again read the transcript the episode I'll go back and look at some of these studies so thank you so much for coming on the show and you obviously have a big YouTube channel podcast called more played smart dates where else can people follow you you have your your healthcare company your miracles yeah I think miracles on social media is just at miracle health or the website is at miracle.com if you wanted to check it out and yeah I think I'm more played smart dates everywhere except Twitter I don't think that was a handle like you yet so I think I'm just Derek fitness there but yeah that's that's me awesome well thanks so much Derek thank you for having me I appreciate it