Over the course of nearly a hundred episodes of the film I've been in this podcast, I've had the privilege of interviewing some of the most prestigious researchers in the fields of exercise physiology, nutrition, human performance, and these conversations have really brought together some of the greatest minds and knowledge in the field of exercise physiology. I'm excited to introduce my special guest today, Brady Homer, who is a accomplished endurance athlete with an incredibly high BO2 Max. Brady and I set out together to work on a pretty ambitious project where we wanted to distill a lot of the cutting edge research that was discussed on the film I fitness podcast from these leading experts into a guide that not only was evidence-based but had actionable insights for people. It's called the How to Train, according to the experts guide. So I think the result is we have this really great roadmap that people can follow, looking for how to improve whatever the end goals that they're looking for, whether that is optimizing their cardiovascular fitness or their hypertrophy training or perhaps even body recomposition. So in this training guide we cover a lot of different aspects of exercise including training protocols to improve cardiovascular training protocols to delay heart aging and improve the cardiovascular structure of the heart. We also have a lot of information in there on how to train to improve metabolism, mitochondrial metabolism, glucose metabolism. And we also get into resistance training protocols whether you're interested in improving strength, bone mass, bone density, muscle hypertrophy, or losing fat at the same time while you're gaining muscle. So that would be body recomposition. And in addition we have some supplemental information in there on Sonneus, they're protein intake and other supplements like omega 3 and creatine. So a lot of really great information in this guide you can find that guide and download it for free and how to train guide.com. So that being said today's episode will serve as a companion to that guide. Brady and I will discuss a lot of the information you'll find in the free guide and we'll probably give some of our personal takeaways as well. Yeah, run. I think putting together this guide, it was incredible. I got to listen and re-listen to many of the interviews that you had with some of these world leaving experts and I personally learned a lot and had a lot of fun putting it together. So we're going to cover a lot of things today and I think what we're going to start with is aerobic exercise training kind of a very popular topic these days with people interested in how to improve their view to max and their cardiovascular health. I've interviewed experts in this area including Dr. Martin Gabala kind of an expert in high intensity interval training exercise physiology and Dr. Benjamin Levine who was a gave like a master class on just how to improve heart health. I found that episode very interesting. So we're going to start today with talking to people about how to improve their cardiovascular health, their view to max with aerobic exercise training. One of your also one of your areas of expertise. I agree that when Dr. Ben Levine came on the podcast while I was doing you know a lot of background information research on you know his work. So reading his publications and then after after the podcast episode I felt like I learned just a tremendous amount of information that had no idea about which is really like the cardiovascular structure and what role the heart structure of the heart plays and cardiovascular health. But I do think before we get started we should probably mention that it's important I think for people to identify what their goals are with respect to training. So are you someone that's interested in becoming an elite endurance athlete like yourself or are you interested in improving your health metrics. So maybe increasing your health span so to speak reducing your cardiovascular disease risk reducing your dementia risk reducing your risk of cancer all the while you know improving mental health improving muscle mass maintaining independence with with age. These are all things that are my personal goals and I do think that guide covers a lot of those bases. But again, you know some people might be training for different goals. But certainly I think that's you know in this guy there are a lot of protocols that we're going to provide and people can I think they mostly geared towards people improving their longevity their help span and optimizing health but you know if you're a performance oriented person and are looking to get stronger or compete whether that's in some type of resistance training competition or maybe you're on a faster five care 10k this guy has those types of things too. You know you call me an elite endurance athlete I'm kind of far from elite but I appreciate that sentiment. Brady is being a bit modest not only is he elite from a cardiovascular respiratory fitness standpoint if not strictly a competitive standpoint. He also has a master's in science a research background and is wicked smart. But you know I have performance goals obviously which are turn a fast marathon that's kind of these days what my primary goal has been and so you know I might train differently from somebody who just wants to get healthier or improve their health span if they're in middle age or older age or even younger people who are just kind of getting into exercise. So yeah it's important to define the goals and that will kind of determine how you want to train and even though my goal is to optimize to run a fast marathon you know given that it's not my full time job just to run fast and I have other goals like reducing my injury risk and. Just having a high level of vitality I also want to you know train for brain health like you run I think I find the benefits of exercise on my brain one of the kind of most salient benefits of exercise. But I also just want to be strong be able to to do things and you know maintain health. Layed into life so I can keep doing the things that I want to do so I think my the way I approach training is try to optimize for performance but. Not at the extent of sacrificing some of my you know other health metrics so I type I try to blend a little bit of the two. Well with the view to max of what 75 75 and 80 is you know I've tested a few times throughout my life and so it's somewhere in that range. I mean that's why I would say you're elite but I mean maybe an elite level of you to max but my my running times wouldn't be considered elite by most standards. Well, it's a big new car you risk your trade fitness I think that that would be a good place to start. It is something that we've covered quite a bit on the the podcast and. Dr. Ben Levine when I had him on the podcast really he was discussing just an eye opening study for me. But he was a part of it was a study that was done over the course of 30 years there was two separate studies and known as the Dallas bed rest red bed rest study. And the study involved first of all Dr. Leene's mentor, Jeremy Chilhu was studying a group of men. And looking at the effects of being sedentary on their cardiovascular risk. And other cardiovascular health parameters and when I say sedentary I mean full on sedentary there they were under they went underwent bed rest for three weeks. So with that study found was loan be hold when you're actually not moving for three weeks not even getting up to go to the bathroom. So I mean they were they had catheters this was extreme bed rest they really wanted to look and see what happened to cardio. And the last of their function, cardiovascular fitness after just not moving for three weeks of course loan be hold cardiovascular respiratory fitness declined not so surprising as well as a lot of the other parameters they measured. But what was really eye opening to me was you know fast forward 30 years Dr. Leene's now in. And they find those same group of men and they wanted to see what 30 years of aging had done to their cardiovascular fitness which does naturally decline with age. And what they found was that their cardiovascular respiratory fitness after 30 years of aging was no worse than their cardiovascular fitness after three weeks of bed rest three years ago. So essentially three weeks of bed rest is worse for your cardiovascular health for your cardiovascular fitness than 30 years of aging and when you put it like that it's like wow being sedentary is so detrimental on our cardiovascular health. So maybe you can Brady just kind of recap highlight talk about what cardiovascular respiratory fitness is how you measure it. I guess we'll get into some ways to improve it but I mean this is something that you you have a lot of experience in as well. I think people will be pretty familiar with the term cardiovascular respiratory fitness it's sometimes used interchangeably with the two max or your maximal oxygen consumption it's kind of a very popular biomarker these days with you know what you said. And we'll talk about later correlating with longevity and so on so cardiovascular fitness is sort of the exercise physiologist measure of a rubric fitness it's very popular as an endurance performance marker or that's traditionally how it was thought of. You know how I've got to have you two max is kind of standard among high level endurance athletes but essentially what it is is your bodies ability to take in oxygen take an air from the environment distributed to the rest of the body through your cardiovascular system. Get that oxygen into mitochondria and skeletal muscle and then utilize that oxygen for energy in the form of ATP. So it sort of represents your bodies integrative ability to take in distribute and utilize oxygen and again I think we'll talk about this later but I think that's why it's such a potent predictor of longevity it's because. It's not maybe just something like grip strength but it really represents you know your bodies physical function and your ability to produce ATP. It's measured during maximal exercise hence the term maximal oxygen consumption so one of the ways that it's typically measured say if you were in an exercise physiology study you would get on a treadmill you would run at progressively faster speeds until eventually you just couldn't go anymore so you would exercise until exhaustion. All the while having your gas exchange measured so you're going to be wearing a mask to measure your oxygen intake and that's able to you know measure the rate of oxygen utilization by your body and at the point of maximal exertion however much oxygen your body is utilizing that sure maximal oxygen your rate of oxygen consumption. It's not a fun test that's the main way to measure it and probably the gold standard way to measure it would be during an incremental exercise test to exhaustion but it can also be measured or estimated rather using things like the Cooper 12 minute test which essentially involves you just running kind of as far as you can in 12 minutes and there are online calculators where you can put your time into there to get an estimate you can also get an estimate of your view to max by if you have a smart watch or something like that a fitness tracker that will also allow you to. estimated and I say estimate because you know without direct measures of gas exchange you're not really able to definitively say what that is but it uses various things like your age sex weight and your physical fitness metrics to estimate that so. There's a kind of the three primary ways that that people can measure it um Dr Levine kind of talked about some of the flaws with estimating it using those equations versus you know obviously getting it directly measured into a lab but. Yeah, it's it's a performance marker obviously but it's also a health marker and I think Levine talked about how important it was not only for improving it but also to try maintain it throughout life span. It is something that I even the past I would say three two to three years I became it kind of came on my radar as. An important biomarker for longevity right there's a variety of biomarkers that can be looked at and you know as you mentioned even compared to something like grip strength. Cardi respiratory fitness seems to really shine in terms of being a good indicator of your overall health status when Levine was on the podcast after Levine was talking about you know takes a certain amount of. Oxygen like your cardiovascular respiratory fitness has to be a certain level just to sit down and have a conversation like we're having right. And if you're a sedentary person that really hasn't tried to improve their cardiovascular fitness like at all. As you get older because it does decline like even maintaining that just level of just having a conversation or maybe walking to the bathroom or walking to your car. You're so out of breath that's when you're really reaching this this level where you have to be concerned about falling off the cliff right when just normal everyday functioning is hard. But even above and beyond that there's been just numerous studies that have looked at the correlation of the two max so cryuress the preparedness and all cosmortality. One I've talked about and I talked about Levine as well was a published study in JAMA medical journal in 2018 where I think it was like. Participants that were involved in some they were that previous veterans and so they were sort of looked at according to their cardiovascular fitness and the people that were in the highest group. Had a five year increase life expectancy compared to people in the lowest cardiovascular fitness group which is pretty profound and you're talking about five years. But also even if you looked at the people in the very highest group and you compared them to people in the high normal so they were still like on the high normal end they're doing good. Like those those people in the highest group had a 20% lower all cosmortality so they were still doing better than the people that had a high normal cardiovascular fitness. But I think also it was really surprising to me in that study was that the people in that low cardiovascular fitness group had a mortality risk that was comparable or even worse than people with diseases that we know are clearly bad for your health like. I do that you beat these like heart disease hypertension even smokers so in other words again going back to this Dallas better rest study as well were being sedentary for three weeks was worse on your cardiovascular health than 30 years of aging. It really drives home that point that when you're sedentary and your cardiovascular fitness is falling you it is a disease being sedentary is is a disease and I do think that low cardiovascular respiratory fitness should be considered kind of like a disease marker as well a lot more can be said about the O2 max and cardiovascular respiratory fitness. I do you kind of mentioned a little bit about athletes being interested in the O2 max and improving your V2 max. Can you talk a little bit about why maybe athletes think about training explicitly for the O2 max or maybe what they don't. Yeah I think dancers that would be they sort of do and they don't I mean. I guess it would depend maybe or type of athletes we're talking about so I guess maybe we'll use endurance athletes maybe like such as myself as an example. Like you mentioned before I have a generally high view to max and while that's. I like to think about it is you know having a high view to max if you want to be an endurance athlete is sort of a free requisite to kind of get in the door you know you won't find someone in the Olympics or you know even at a sub elite level who probably doesn't have a view to max of 65 or above. I think one of this take it to get into the gate of oh if you want to be an endurance athlete you need to have a view to max of 65 or higher. But once you get kind of to those higher levels of elite athletes who all have that view to max of above 65 it doesn't do a very good job of predicting who's going to win the race. So if we line up at the start line and you say you don't have any idea of people's previous performance but you just have their view to max is the person with the highest view to max isn't always going to win. And that's because there are several other performance markers that are associated with doing well and say a race like how long you can run at a high percent of your view to max your lactate threshold your exercise economy. These are all things that you can improve independent of your view to max that can help improve your performance. So yes, well, I want to do view to max workouts as an endurance athlete and most endurance athletes will do in view to max type workouts every now and then but once a week in the form of high intensity intervals. So if you can also do workouts that are targeting you know getting better at running economy or training their lactate threshold. So you can get better without improving your view to max. I think that's important not just for athletes to know but just people who are generally interested in health. If you're training you don't see you know your view to maxing or watches and necessarily improving, well you can still get faster you can still get stronger improve your exercise performance while not improving your view to max. It's for that reason I think that athletes sometimes don't just think about explicitly training their view to max many elite athletes might not even know their view to max is because they don't care they just really care about how fast they're running. But then of course athlete should be concerned about increasing their view to max not only for the health reasons that you just mentioned you know it's associated with longevity which is great. You want to avoid that decline with age and maintain it as long as possible. Again, you know you can see significant improvements when you do improve your view to max which can be thought of as you're ceiling. You know if you move your ceiling up everything below that is going to improve. So the short answer to that would be yeah athletes look to improve their view to max among the highest people of the highest view to max is it might not be as much of a concern but people are all still interested. You know athletes and non athletes alike are interested in improving their view to max. Well you you alluded a little bit to you know you said high intensity of training and that's you know one way that you can improve the are two max and I think we're going to get it into an a minute talking about Dr Markabalas research. But I'm interested so let's say you know you want to improve your lactate clearance when that you mentioned like how like how what kind of training. How how how do you train differently than doing like high intensity of role training. How would you improve your lactating clearance more like yeah. You can certainly do that by using high intensity interval training. I mean you're producing a lot of lactate during high intensity interval training. So you're inherently going to help improve your lactate clearance capacity. Doing what would be called kind of steady state or threshold workouts is kind of one way to do that where you're you're exercising at that point where lactate levels are just above kind of the steady state. So you're working on you know where lactate production equals lactate clearance doing those type of what would be called lactate threshold workouts that seems to obviously be a good way to improve your lactate clearance capacity. And then there are others who would argue or say you know I think there's decent evidence to support that something like zone two training also improves your lactate clearance capacity. So you can do all different types of training and we're going to talk about low moderate and high intensity training and why all of those integrating all of those is important. So the main thing that I'm going to be doing like steady state type and high intensity interval training workouts. Well so high intensity of a train workouts like Dr. Martin Gballo is on the podcast and he's really an expert in high intensity interval training. And there's there are a lot of people that are interested in the time efficiency of it so high intensity interval training. And there's a lot of ways to define it. And Marty likes to talk about it being like when you're when you're doing it doing the interval that you you're doing vigorous exercise and that could be different for a lot of people depending on your your fitness level. But essentially it's your you're working harder than you can't really have a conversation when you're doing that interval. So you're going really hard most people are about 85, 80 to 85% at least maximum heart rate for the interval and then you know they have these periods of recovery and they go back to the. Working second part the interval again. What was really interesting to me with respect to improving car respiratory fitness when Marty came on the podcast he was talking about a meta analysis that had looked at a variety of different studies were people were meeting the requirements for moderate intensity exercise. So they were doing about 150 minutes a week of. What is called moderate intensity exercise so they're probably doing you know something more like a zone two whether or maybe even a little bit less than that but you know something like 60 to 80% their their max heart rate and about 40% of those individuals didn't see improvements in their cardiovascular fitness. And last. Some high intensity year will training or some more vigorous exercise was sort of added to the equation. So. Can you talk a little bit more about like you you mix in you know high intensity and we'll train into your workouts. But like why do you think there's this sort of non responder effect or. There's played multiple reasons for it but like what's the rationale for adding in more vigorous type of exercise or high intensity and we'll train into a workout to improve cardiovascular fitness. I think if you take a group of people who have never trained before kind of unfit people and just give them a lot of lower intensity or you know what people might refer to as own two training. Everybody is going to kind of improve because you have it's a new training stimulus you know you've never trained before. You add some exercise. Okay, well, obviously you're going to get better and you mentioned the concept of non responders which has kind of been around in like exercise physiology for a while and it essentially refers to. If people exercise training program there are some people who don't improve for some reason or another their view to max and I think there's kind of a debate on there where it might just be due to like an measurement air instead of actually a non response but like you just mentioned when you give those people high intensity interval training. Everybody responds. There's some kind of recent studies that show that very well you just increase their dose of exercise or their intensity or both and they improve their fitness. So they're just basically not doing enough and so that points to the fact that if you want to get better you need to add in some higher intensity interval training. Obviously you can increase the dose of your moderate intensity training to your volume but adding a greater stimulus. You know that seems to be the main benefit of doing high intensity training. You can't just do the same thing. You can't just do low intensity training all the time. You need to Emily mix it up for variety, but you need to give your body a greater stimulus if you want it to adapt and improve. And so Dr. Martin Gabala was talking a lot during your interview about the importance of doing that, doing hit probably at least once a week, elevating your heart rate. Just to get that additional stimulus to force your body to adapt, get stronger for your, you know, heart to get stronger and for your cardiovascular system to get better. Yeah, it's actually a doctor living also mentioned something similar where he was saying, you know, you have to continually stress your cardiovascular system to have the adaptation, and so if you keep doing the same thing without ever adding an additional stress or stimulus, then you're only going to stay the same. Maybe you're not really going to improve right. And so it does make sense from not aspect as well. Since we're talking about vigorous intensity and adding more of a, as a stressor and a more stronger stimulus, maybe you can recapture some of what Dr. Levine, Dr. Gabala talked about on the podcast when they were sort of different. The various trained zones, what these zones are because there is a lot of information out there on that, which is, can be quite confusing to people. It can be and some people will like to use zones for training. I think it's common and sort of the exercise with, you know, coaches who are coaching endurance athletes to use this five zone model. You know, our familiar with listening to podcast on fitness, they'll probably hear people reference five zones. They're obviously other zones to use, but yeah, Dr. Levine defined these sort of five training zones. And kind of before I go and define what these are and how people can use them to guide their training. I think it's he kind of defined them using three different metrics and that we're going to use to define each of the zones. Lactate levels are one way to do it, but we're not really going to discuss that because in reality, you know, most people are not going to be measuring their lactate levels. We clean monthly or even, you know, certainly not daily during exercise. And so it's kind of a move point to say, you know, zoom to exercises this lactate level. Most people don't really know what that is. And so there are other ways to measure intensities and use these zones. One way is just your rating of perceived exertion or RPE. And this is just a subjective measure of how hard you think you're exercising. And this is typically on a six to 20 scale. Now that might seem kind of weird for people like, oh, why is it not one to ten, one to ten's kind of typical. What people use like a hard as this scale, but it's called the board RPE scale and the six to 20 is essentially because the initially the theory behind that scale was that you were just at a zero to whatever your RPE was. And that will correspond to your heart rate. So say average person has the maximum heart rate of around 200 if I give you an RPE of 18, that means about heart rate's probably around 180, which is a fairly high intensity, whereas maybe my RPE right now is a six, maybe my heart rate's 60. That's like a resting heart rate. So that's kind of the idea behind that scale, so people kind of understand what that means and why we're doing six to 20 versus one to ten. Another way is to use the talk test and that's essentially just like, are you able to do a full conversation, barely get out words or not talk at all. That's kind of another way to kind of gauge zones. The next end of the final way to describe this zone is to be based on your percentage of your maximal heart rate. And a lot of people have heart rate monitors. So they're going to be able to measure their heart rate during exercise. So we're going to define zones using all three of those kind of metrics. So if we look at zone one, this is going to be a recovery intensity. This is pretty much easier you can go. It's not resting, but it's very, very light activity. So on the RPE scale, this is going to be anywhere from a six to an eight. It's going to be about 50 to 60% of your maximal heart rate. And if you're going to use the talk test to measure that intensity, it would be you could hold a full conversation. So what you were not doing right now, and just talking, having a podcast, you could basically do that if you were in zone one or recovery intensity because you're going on an easy walk or something like that. Zone two intensity people will hear about zone two training all the time. This is still kind of a low, a light to a moderate intensity exercise. So it's going to correspond to an RPE of about nine to 12, 60 to 70% of your maximal heart rate. And then the talk test again, you should be able to have a conversation in zone two. And someone we're listening to, they could probably tell you were exercising, but in general, you could hold pretty much a full conversation. And so these, you know, zone one zone two, those are going to be your light to moderate intensity exercises, in particular, you know, that zone two training good for kind of building your erobic base. Then there's zone three. This is kind of veering into the territory of high intensity and we'll training. It's thought of a lot as your threshold intensity or maybe steady state exercise. It's going to correspond to an RPE of 13 to 15 about 70 to 80% of your maximal heart rate. And then this is where talking gets a little bit difficult. So you could speak in broken sentences. Let's still not, you're not gaskin for air yet, but you can speak in broken sentences and that would be a good way to indicate kind of this zone during using the talk test. And then zone four. This is where you get in and out the high intensity training. So it's a 16 to 18 RPE. It's, you know, 80 to 95% of your maximal heart rate. And you could probably only speak one word or two at a time. Maybe if you were trying to gauge that zone based on the talk test. And then zone five. That's maximal exercise intensity. That's your VO2 max. It's as hard as you can go. So RPE 19 or 20. It's 95% of your maximal heart rate. And then you shouldn't be able to talk. So if you're doing, you know, tabata intervals or something like that. This is zone five. You shouldn't be able to talk at all during that exercise intensity. So those are the five zones. And I think what's cool about having all these different metrics to define the zones is that, you know, if people don't really want to train using heart rate or maybe they don't even have a heart rate monitor. They can use the talk test. They can use RPE or maybe a combination of all three of these. And they're pretty reliable. I mean, they've all of these have been kind of well evidence to correspond to the different zones. But I think what's nice is that people can use these to train and if it requires a lot of technical ability, a lot of experience. And so this is, I think, you know, in my mind the best way that people can think about kind of training intensities is using the zones as we define them here at least using those as a guide. I really like the talk test way of defining it because as you were sitting or talking about this, I was thinking about my, my whole exercise protocol and I'm like, okay, oh, yeah, that's actually when I thought was more zone two is really more zone three, what I'm doing here. With respect to heart rate monitors, do you, I know Levine mentioned there can be a lot of error with using some like a smartwatch. And is there more accuracy in using something like a chest strap, like a maybe a polar strap versus a smartwatch versus like the talk test. So let's say you don't have a chest strap. Should you be using a talk test or can you still use your smartwatch as it still, what's more accurate. Yeah, I think the accuracy of the smartwatch is is obviously there. They've been validated against EKG and things like that, but as Levine mentioned and as others have kind of drawn caution. They tend to get less accurate as the intensity of exercise increases. They're not perfect because you know it's getting your heart rate reading from a sensor on your wrist versus your chest. So I would encourage everybody to invest in heart rate chest, you know, a chest strap monitor. And that's not a hundred dollar investment. It's going to give you a lot more accurate data. Some people find them uncomfortable, but most of them now are pretty comfortable. And if you really want to train using heart rate, I would say invest in the chest strap, but you know, the or the watches aren't totally off and they can use as a good kind of reference as to where you are. But like I said, in my experience and I think these periods of others, the heart rate that you go, the higher the intensity goes kind of the less accurate that they get. If you want to use heart rate, great, it can be a good indicator, but the talk test is a very good, I think way to assess your exercise intensity, especially for people who are newer. So I think one of the not flaws with RPE, but one of the caveats is that you need a little bit of experience to really know where you're at, like how hard something is. I mean, if somebody has never actually gone to a maximal intensity and how do you know how do you know what a 20 out of 20 is if you've never really reached the point of volitional exhaustion. So if somebody is just beginning to exercise, they might be at 70% of their maximal intensity, but they might think that they're out of 20. So it takes time to learn kind of what your RPE is to be able to assess that accurately. So I would say, you know, if people are more experienced with exercise, then you could use something like RPE to kind of gauge your intensity. But those newer to exercise might actually have a lot of good feedback with the talk test. I even kind of use that. I mean, you know, it's, if you're running with a group of people and you can have a conversation, okay, well, we're probably in zone two. If I'm really struggling to like breathe, then I might be in zone three for even five. So I think it's a great way to use the talk test. Anybody can use it, but I think newer people might benefit more from that. And I think also what people can think about doing is using combination of all three, you know, you can use heart rate. You can use RPE. You can use the talk test. And maybe see if those, you know, correlate with one another during exercise. But use all those to kind of inform your exercise intensity. Exactly. I usually am not wearing. I do have a chest strap. I have a Polish chest strap. I have used it before, but I'm not typically wearing it when I'm doing a workout. And so I think using my, my, my, my, my Apple watch along with the talk test because they often have someone with me when I'm working out is like, okay, well, maybe, maybe it's not entirely accurate as I'm getting into my zone three, perhaps so and four. But I know I can't talk more than a word. So it's clearly like it's good to combine them both. So I want to, there's, there's a lot of interest in zone two training. I talked about zone two training with Dr. Martin Kabbala, a little bit with Dr. Benlebyn. And I want to ask you, maybe you can talk a little bit about what are the benefits of zone two training. Unique are there unique benefits of zone two training metabolically, um, cardiovascular health wise. And as you were explaining and defining some of these zones, I was thinking to myself, even, what's the real difference between zone two and what you would call zone three, right, this, this threshold type of training as well, right, so I'd love to hear. Yeah, the benefits of zone two training, I think are are kind of vast. I mean, a lot of people will talk about how some of the main benefits are going to be it's it really serves as foundation for building your early base. You know, it is good for maybe it may best just set back a little bit and kind of define what zone two is maybe based on the exercise physiology, just definition of it, which would be. It's kind of the intensity where you're maximizing your mitochondrial fat oxidation. It's a steady state exercise less so than a threshold like intensity. And so your lactate levels, it's tip you measure during lactate is kind of the accurate way to do it. So your lactate levels are steady. They're not increasing. Some will actually give like a lactate number being about two millimolar. I mean, I think there may be kind of some debate about that because I think as I've heard you talk about multiple times, you know, people will have different lactate levels. And so two millimolar might not represent a zone two intensity for everyone. I mean, my differ based on whether you're unfit or you're a fit athlete or something like that. So I think it's important though that you're at a steady, your lactate levels aren't continually rising during zone two training. E key, I think, and one of the main benefits for for the first time, too, is that you're improving your fat burning capacity, and only during exercise, but also your mitochondria's ability to oxidize fat as it energy source because that's the intensity at which the fat oxidation of mitochondria is is maximal. So if you don't do training, you know, elite athletes are doing a lot of it in particular just because their exercise volumes are so high. And so I think one of the, you know, areas of not disagreement, but kind of conflict is that people will say you need to do a lot of zone two training, you know, needs to make up a majority of your exercise training and a lot of what that those people are referring to, whether their coaches is that, you know, the elite athletes doing 20 to 30 hours a week. Well, obviously they do a lot of zone two training because they're exercising for 20 to 30 hours per week. You know, there are certainly benefits to that for building the aerobic base that allows you to do a high level of volume without burnout. There's a very low injury risk with zone two training because it's a lighter intensity. You're not overly stressing your autonomic nervous system or your cardiovascular system. And so it has these benefits of just allowing you to do a lot of low intensity volume to build, you know, what's called the aerobic base and improve your fat burning capacity and those seem to be the main benefits. And I think defining it though is important because zone two gets talked about a lot, but in reality, we just talked about different ways to define zone two based on the talk test based on RPE based on heart rate. When most people say that there's only doing zone two training, they really don't know if there's doing zone two training because you're not measuring lactate really without lactate or you're not measuring your fat oxidation rate in mitochondria. You don't really know if you're in a physiological zone two. It correlates with all of those other kind of subjective and objective measures that we talked about like heart rate, but to say that, you know, you're doing zone two training isn't necessarily accurate, unless you're, you know, actually have a accurate measure of lactate. There are certainly several benefits to zone two or what I like to just refer to as low to moderate intensity training. I think that's more accurate and certainly a more accurate way that people can refer to that type of training. Well, you mentioned a pretty daunting number here. You said 20 to 30 hours of exercise a week, which is far beyond what I myself do. I'm more in the 6 to 6 and a half hours a week. And so, you know, the question is, if you are not doing 20 to 30 hours that say you're doing maybe 5 or even less than that, you're getting like 2 and a half. This is where Dr. Gabala on the podcast was talking about high intensity interval training, being really time efficient and having many of the same benefits as even like a zone two type of training with respect to mitochondrial benefits, cardiovascular benefits. If not even better, if the same volume of exercise is performed, in other words, if you're doing 30 minutes of zone two and then a 30 minute high intensity interval training workout. That you're going to have even more improvements in cardiovascular fitness than you would zone two, you can have better improvements in even mitochondrial density, for example than you would. So, it's kind of interesting to look at the benefits of doing something like high intensity interval training. Now, you're not going to do 20 hours of hit. I mean, that's impostable, right? And like you were saying burn out and things like that are also an issue and you have to be able to space them out with recovery. But there are a lot of benefits to doing high intensity interval training, time efficiency, you get improvements in cardiovascular fitness. We talked about that with even people that were doing regular, you know, low to moderate intensity exercise for 150 minutes a week. They need to really stress their system a little bit more about them beyond that to get improvements not everyone but a large percentage of them did. And then there's also some brain benefits that are also really, I don't want to say uniquely associated with high intensity interval training or vigorous exercise. But also the benefits are associated with the lactate that you're producing which does come with increasing exercise intensity, right? So if people are time limited and they want to combine some some too training with hit, like can you combine them in one session, like can you I was talking about, you know, with you the other day, like sometimes they'll go for I'll do some my jog or I'll do like a zoom to work out and then I'll add in some intervals, right? Where I'm like going I'm going pretty hard for a certain amount of time and then I kind of go back to a slower pace where I can have a talk to us after my heart right? Come down a little bit. Yeah, it's um, it's interesting because I think certainly, you know, there was kind of this debate and like, oh, do you need to do separate? Do you need to keep your really easy days easy or can you combine it with zoom, zoom, four or zoom, five like high intensity interval training? I think it's a unique concept, especially for, you know, as we talk about the time efficiency of it. Maybe there are people who only have two to three days per week when they can engage in a robotic exercise and they want to do some moderate and some high intensity training on the same day. I mean, in reality, like when you do a high intensity interval training session, you're kind of doing a little bit of modern intensity because as I'm sure you structure your protocols run in like I structure my interval training workouts. I'm doing, you know, probably 20 to 30 minutes of warm up or more and a cool down, which is that a lighter intensity and then I'm doing the main session, which has some high intensity intervals, but you know, 50% of that session might actually be at a at a low intensity heart rate. But yeah, I think it's interesting to think about doing somebody wanted to do a 30 to 45 minute, say, just a zoom, too, as we'll call it, maybe low to moderate intensity run or a ride or maybe even a slow walk and then finish with some high intensity intervals. I think that's a great strategy that people can use if they want to get some high intensity training and some moderate intensity training. In the same session, that moderate intensity session beforehand might even serve as like a good warm up if you're doing 30 to 45, maybe even like 60 minutes to do that. And there don't seem to be detrimental, I guess, you're not rooting your zone to session by doing the hit at the end of it because you've already gained the benefits of doing your low to moderate intensity and then you're ending with the lactate elevating the heart rate elevating type of exercise. So you're getting the benefits of both and I think people could certainly structure their workout to do that to optimize kind of both those benefits. Incidentate and if they are, if they are time limited. I do love ending my run with a with a sprint. Yeah, I do that a lot too if sometimes if I don't have a structured interval workout during the week, which most weeks I do, I will throw in some very hard like sprints at the end of my run or maybe run like the last couple miles of a run like up tempo or something like that. You definitely feel better. So again, going back to like the brain benefits, I think it just makes you when you end with like your heart rate elevated. If it feels a lot better, you don't feel as stale. But you know, there might some physiological benefits there too. Yeah, well, going back to the book there are goals, you know, I did mention brain health and lowering dementia risk. I often also just a lot of my workouts are geared towards like brain health and not even just thinking about long term brain health and you know, delaying. You know, delaying dementia, delaying brain atrophy, delaying all those, you know, brain age with the disease, but also just mental health like how I feel and feeling good and it's clear to me like after I do a, you know, I hit either a hit or also a very long, if I do a much longer. More steady state sort of run. I also get a lot of really great feelings from that as well. I'm actually structuring the amount of, let's say, low to moderate intensity or zone two. I know we're not measuring lactate directly, but let's call it that. First is your high intensity interval training. A lot of people out there, you'll see on a lot of platforms, people say 80, 20, 80% of your exercise workout should be like low to moderate 20% should be high intensity. While I talked a little bit about this, the distribution, the weekly training volume, you know, how, how someone who is not like yourself, you know, endurance athlete. Do they need to follow this 80, 20 rule or how should that distribution does that distribution change? It definitely should. I think Dr. Gambala kind of made that clear in the conversation with you. It's interesting because when I, you know, I'm interested in this as myself as I, you know, not only looked at my own training, but out to prescribed training and talk about like training for people on the internet, but the origins of kind of the 80 or 20 are interesting and it was basically just looking at the training logs of elite athletes and seeing what they do. When you broke it down basically by intensity 80% of their sessions tended to be in this low or zone twoish intensity and then 20% of the sessions appear to be in the higher intensity training. And the important thing I think to note was that it's, it's not necessarily based on time, but rather sessions per week. So say you're doing five training sessions per week. One of those, if you're doing falling to 80, 20, one of those would be high intensity, four of those would be moderate intensity. So it's a number of days versus the total amount of time spent, which kind of makes it easier, I think, for people to think about versus seeing a sitting down and calculating how much time you spent in each of the heart reasons, which is kind of difficult not many people are going to do that. So yeah, I think that the 80, 20 breakdown, it works great if you're doing maybe eight hours or more kind of a aerobic exercise per week, but when you were discussing with Martin Gamala, he seemed to be pretty convinced as am I that, you know, if once your exercise volume starts decreasing kind of below maybe, you know, five to six hours per week or getting a little bit below that, you can probably afford to skew that a little more in favor of high intensity training then. So maybe you're doing something like a 70, 30 or a 60, 40, I mean, you know, most people probably shouldn't do more than two high intensity interval training sessions per week. But again, that's really depend on like, how long are your high intensity training sessions? I mean, you know, you and I were talking when creating this guy and you're talking about how, you know, you might do three high intensity sessions per week, but they're only, and I say only, but 10 minutes long. So sure, you're doing hit three times per week, but they're very short. They're kind of for the brain boost that you get and it doesn't seem to be unsustainable because you've been doing it for long. So obviously that's anecdotal, but yeah, I think if you're doing less if you're doing one to four maybe hours per week, you should be less concerned with how I'm omissating 80% of my training time doing zone two. You could probably do a little bit more high intensity and in fact, you might need to do more high intensity based on things like citations from Dr. Ben Levine on studies where. If you want to get the same benefits of doing eight to 10 hours of moderate intensity, you need to do the one to four hours need to be a higher intensity to equate basically your your training volume. So I think if people are are a little bit time limited and still want to gain the benefits of maybe doing a little bit more moderate intensity training volume, you can certainly do a little bit more hit. So maybe that looks like again, say somebody's doing five training sessions per week, but they're doing you know one to five hours total maybe two of those sessions can be high intensity versus be one. I don't see an issue with that again, I think everybody should based on your training history and your experience, you know, you don't want to burn out or risk injury, but if your volume is low, I think you can afford to fit a little bit more high intensity training in there. And a lot of the evidence kind of would suggest that, I mean, granted most of them are pretty short duration, but there are plenty of studies and exercise science where you take previously unfit people or people who aren't engaging in a lot of exercise and for eight to 12 weeks, you know, they're doing maybe two of the Norwegian 4 by 4 training sessions per week. Sometimes even three sessions per week. Now, do I think that's advisable, probably not, maybe it's not sustainable, but it's clear that they can do it, that they can do a couple of these training sessions per week without getting injured and they received massive benefits from that. Yeah, maybe we should let's just segue into some of the high intensity interval training protocols that are evidence based in terms of improving cardiovascular fitness, for example. And a lot of these protocols are also also improved other parameters which we're going to get into as well, like mitochondrial density as well as other metabolic benefits, but the Norwegian 4 by 4. So this is one of this is probably one of the, it's very well studied protocol where Dr. Levine talked about it, Dr. Kbala talked about it. People are doing four different intervals. So they're doing for for four minutes. They are exercising typically on a stationary bike, perhaps a rowing machine. You could put, you could do it on a treadmill as well. But a lot of the protocols were on the on a bike. And you're doing for, for the four minute interval, you're, you're going at an intensity that you can maintain for that entire four minutes. That's pretty hard. So it's, it's pretty pretty much a sustainable, hard intensity for four minutes. So obviously not going to be maximum, but you're going as hard as you can for, and it's hard as you can sustain for that four minutes. And then you follow that by a three minute recovery period, which is very light, right? You want your heart rate to come down, you want to clear your lactate, and then you go back into the four minute interval. So that's a four by four, you're doing it four times. That's very good protocols to improve cardiovascular fitness. There's a variety of other protocols out there, Dr. Kbala mentioned. So there's the one minute on one minute off and you do that ten times. So that the ten, the ten minute workout, well, it's actually 20 minutes, but ten minutes of more high intensity. I'm training. Where again, for that entire minute, you're going as hard as you can sustain for that minute, right? It's not going to be all out, but it's as much as as hard as you can go and sustain that for a minute. And then you rest and recover for a minute at a very, very low intensity exercise. And then there's things like even to bodice. So to bodice, it would be a 20 second on ten second off. You do that eight times. The 20 seconds you're really going as hard as you can because I mean, 20 seconds is it's not long, although it seems long when you're going as hard as you can. It actually seems quite long. And the recovery interval seemed to short. They're very, very, very. And seeing longer than 20 in the recovery is like over before you know it exactly. And there's a variety of other protocols out there as well, but we were talking a lot about even just adding adding a little like higher intensity. Work out at the end of a run. Do you do the intervals necessarily have to be 85% of your max heart rate. I think I think for most people, it probably, no, doesn't matter. You shouldn't focus on heart rate. It's just if you're going hard and your heart rate is elevated above the modern intensity. If you find it all that high intensity and we'll training and use that to say that was my one hit session for a week. I think again, I mean heart rate training. I'm not sure how many people actually use it. I know in any study that you use an exercise physiology study. Go have measures of heart rate because yeah, you have physiologist on the side measuring your heart rate during exercise. But I mean, I can't tell you the last time I really looked at my heart rate or what percent of my heart rate I was at during exercise. I'm typically just basically getting off of our PE and I'm looking at my heart rate after the fact. So I think that you can pick an interval workout. If you want to do the 4 by 4, if you want to do the 10 by 1, or if you want to do Tabata. One looking at your heart rate with the entire time is going to be distracting. You know, focus on the workout. So I think going out hard intensity like you said. I didn't think that you think seems sustainable for 4 minutes and doing that. I mean, once you get more familiar with the exercise, you may then be able to know that. Oh, if I'm going at, you know, however many watts, maybe 120 watts. And this is kind of my 85 percent max heart rate. You can use that to kind of guide your training. But in general, I mean, again, I think most people aren't going to be looking at their heart rate the entire time. So we're talking about what your heart rate should be at. But it's just just go out of heart intensity. And for most people, that's going to be enough to get the benefits of high intensity and training, which I think is important because a lot of the time we get caught up in. Oh, what's my heart rate? And if you're going hard, you know whether you're going harder or not. And that can be fine. I think for most people to train. Right. And again, going back to what we were talking about earlier and what Dr. Levine and the Kabbalah were mentioning about just mixing it up and giving that little extra stress stressor so that you get those adaptations. Right. You don't want to keep doing the same things. Sometimes even just doing something a little bit harder in your, you know, normal sort of low to moderate intensity workout is beneficial. Right. Definitely. And I think, you know, with with the training, I think there are some people who would like to do. I want to just do the Norwegian 4x4 every week. It's easy. I know what to do. I'm kind of familiar with it. But I think to avoid not only avoid kind of like stagnation or maybe just getting bored of like the workout, but to stress your system in different ways. We just mentioned three protocols. Obviously, there's only only protocols. They're not necessarily the best, but just do different length of intervals every week. And I think that can be fun. You know, there's something that I try to do on my own training. So maybe somebody picks the 4x4. This week, you're going to do 4x4 and next week, you're doing 10x1 and next week, you do a Tabata. So then you have three different lengths. You know, you're doing the four minutes, which seem particularly good for improving like the O2 max. There's like two to four minute range for intervals. You're doing the 10x1 again, which is, you know, one minute long. And then you're doing the 20 seconds, which is your super kind of your sprint interval training as maybe the doctoric a ball of might refer to it. So mixing those things up. I think can not only be enjoyable, but then you're hitting really all these bodies, all the bodies like energetic systems, which can be fun as well. Yeah, for sure, mixing it up. That's something I do as well. Although I do have wonderful coaches that work with me and they're very great at mixing up my routine. And it's very nice. But if it's just me left in my own device, I usually get on my Peloton and I'll do it to Bata. And it's the same, almost the same exact class that I have been doing for years. But, you know, sometimes where this creature's a habit, you know, and it's easy to kind of go back to the thing that you know. So this, I think, is a good transition point. So we talked a lot about improving cardiovascular fitness and the benefits of that and the different types of training to help improve cardiovascular fitness based on a lot of what the experts have talked about. And the podcast and their research. I want to remind people that they can find all of that information along with a variety of protocols for improving cardiovascular fitness. In our how to train guide according to the experts and you can download that right now at how to train guide.com. We are going to move on to the next section, which is very interesting as well. And it's also related to cardiovascular health. But it really is an area that is kind of neglected in a way. And I would say in popular media with respect to cardiovascular health. And that is the youthful structure of the heart and maintaining that youthful structure of the heart, which is really important for its function. It's important for preventing cardiovascular disease. It's even important for performance being able to have a good aerobic capacity as you as you are getting older. So Dr. Ben Levine is really I would consider him one of the world's leading experts in this area. And it was just a great privilege having him on the podcast. I just learned a tremendous amount of information. You know, I didn't even really know much about how the structure of the heart changes with age and until I was diving into his research and had him on the podcast. He was talking about how as we age, our heart becomes stiffer at around early middle age. This is like around I guess it was it's more like 35 to 50 years of age. Crazy thing about that is being early middle age. Your heart starts to get stiffer. It's stiffness. And that affects cardiac compliance. It affects hypertension. And part of that reason that gets stiffer has to do with glucose regulation. And so when we're eating a variety of foods, particularly foods that are refined carbohydrates, refined sugars. And there's a elevation in our blood glucose levels that can be sustained for longer periods because perhaps there's a refined sugar or something that we're eating a lot. And maybe we're not exercising. That's the key. We're being said if we're sedentary. And that's where the glucose stays around in your bachelor's system. And it reacts with proteins, including collagen, which is lining our blood vessels that's lining it to our lining our myocardium, our paracardium, right? This is where our heart is. And that collagen when it reacts to glucose and the mailer reaction becomes it causes the protein, the collagen to become stiffer. And so that affects the stiffness of our our bachelor's system of our heart and all sort of blood vessels. And we start to get into late middle age. This would be like 50 to 65. In addition to our heart getting stiffer, our heart drinks. So it attributes. And so our heart is getting smaller and it's getting stiffer. And these sorts of structural changes are affecting our cardiovascular health and our cardiovascular performance, right? Dr. LeBena's done a whole lot of research. Lots of different studies trying to identify how much exercise, what exercises doing to the structure of the heart for one and how much exercise is really needed to help really stay off a lot of those changes. Those structural changes with age. And he had one. One of the studies that he had done early on, which were were done in master's athletes. They are physically active every single day. And they're competing at a national level in many cases. So they're they're doing a lot of cardiovascular and aerobic exercise. They're hearts structurally. So we're talking about seniors. So these are people that are older. Their hearts looked like healthy 30 year olds. So 30 year olds that don't have any identifiable diseases like cardiovascular disease or type of diabetes or hypertension. And so that's pretty profound when you're talking about, you know, a 50 60 year old person's structure, at least looking very similar to what a healthy 30 year old would look. But we're not all going to be endurance athletes and master's athletes throughout our lives. So the next question is, well, what is the exercise dose that's really needed to get you most of the way there to have your to maintain that youthful cardiovascular structure? And that's where some of Dr. Levine's follow-ups studies have looked at some of that research. Maybe you can talk a little bit about that. Yeah, I think some of this might be kind of maybe not surprising to a lot of people, but I think it based on, you know, everything he said it seems like the dose appears to be maybe a little bit more hot, a little bit higher than a lot of people think it might be. And one of the things I think too to add of, you know, when you were talking about the changes that occur kind of across the lifespan. I think craziest statistics that Dr. Levine said was that after the age of 70, it became nearly impossible to reverse the structure of the heart. It's indicating that, you know, you basically need to do everything that you can before that age to improve the structure of your heart. Because after that it takes a pretty, you know, unnotesustainable, maybe level of exercise to kind of reverse some of those structural changes, which I found very informative in related to, you know, how to train with age. In the study that he was citing during your interview, yeah, he mentioned, you know, they did study an observational study where people self reported their levels of physical activity kind of throughout their life. And they bucketed them into different days of activity. So this was a necessarily, uh, studying the dose in hours or minutes per week, but they looked at people exercising one to two days per week, two to three days per week, three to four days per week, four to five, and then five to six or more days per week. And this was kind of a lifetime of physical activity. So how long do you have you exercised how many days do you exercise per week for for how long? And then they compared these levels of exercise to people who were sedentary who basically didn't exercise at all. And so what they found was that the people who exercised one to two days per week pretty much has a heart with the same structure as sedentary adults. So one to two days per week provided zero protection, basically against heart aging. When you moved up to two to three and then three to four days per week, those groups had some protection compared to the sedentary adults for their heart structure. So structure of their hearts were a little bit better than people who were sedentary. Before to five group, that's kind of when you experienced a significant level of cardiovascular protection with age. And then the five to six day per week exercises had nearly complete protection. But they were similar to the master's athletes. And so what the conclusion from that stay was from Dr. Levine was four or five days of exercise appears to be the optimal dose across the lifespan to prevent cardiovascular aging. Now again, this study didn't provide a number on how many hours or minutes per week. You should exercise, but let's assume these people were exercising for 30 minutes, maybe an hour per day when they were doing it. That puts you in the sweet spot of like maybe five to six hours per week of exercise. But that four to five days appears to be important. And so maybe you don't even think about how much time the people were spending in that, you know, doing exercise. But just the frequency of exercise. Make sure you're doing, and when we say exercise here, we're referring to a roe-bick train. In addition to resist is training, which will obviously dive deep into later. But this is just a roe-bick exercise. And again, that could be walking, that could be something that activity that raises your heart rate. But doing four to five days per week of that seems to be optimal for preserving cardiovascular structure. And I think the takeaway from that was really probably with 150 minutes per week that is cited as well with the minimum recommendation. It might not be enough if the goal was to kind of maintain cardiovascular structure throughout life. This, I'll tell you, this study was a bit surprising to me because probably for that reason, where you think that the 150 minutes a week or even just three days a week of a roe-bick exercise, I think you're doing really good. And I absolutely increased my frequency of a roe-bick exercise after hearing about this because I mean, I was like, oh wow, I need to be doing more. I can do more. I should do more, and now I have evidence of why I need to do more, right? But I do, it was a bit surprising, where it's like, okay, if you do, if four to five days a week of a roe-bick exercise, and you're really, you're not quite at the master's athlete level in terms of your heart structure, but you're mostly there. And I do think four to five days a week is pretty sustainable for most people. It should, it should be. Yeah, it should be. And if it's not, you know, maybe you need to make it in your structure your life in such a way that it should be. You know, he had to, Ben, Dr. Levine had a great quote where he says, you know, exercise needs to be part of your personal hygiene. It's like rushing your teeth, you wake up, you know, it's not something that you think, oh, should I do this? It's, I'm gonna wake up and I'm gonna do this because it's part of your personal hygiene. And so I think there's a lot of talk sometimes about, if we prescribe the recommendations for exercise too high, does that deter people from doing it? And maybe, but I mean, the reality is I think he presents compelling data that if we want to get serious about it and you're really serious about not aging cardiovascularly, like, you need to probably do more exercise. And so I think it's kind of a harsh reality, but just something for people to think about and how the structure they're training. It is a part of both of our professionals. I mean, when you wake up in the morning, what's the first thing you do? Do you, I mean, I'm not the first thing, but like, in terms of work versus exercise. Or is definitely exercise exercise? During coffee and exercise. Yeah, yeah. I just says the first thing I do, I mean, I brush my teeth and yeah, I eat a little bit, but, but I do before I work in most cases, I exercise. And that wasn't always the case for me. Even even dating back to when I was been, have been very interested in my health span and lifespan. It was like, okay, I'm working, you know, working out four days a week or no. Now it's, you know, six days. It is, it is every morning. And if I don't get to, if I take off an hour of what would be my work time, so be it because that's what's going to happen. I'm going to exercise. You just, you make the, you make the time for it. And I'm, you know, that has to be the case a lot. I think the paradox kind of is that a most people tend to exercise more when they're younger, which is kind of when you need less exercise. I think, as you get older, you probably need to do more exercise. And that's, I think, what the evidence that Dr. Levine presents would indicate to. But I also feel like as people get older, they might have a little bit more free time. Once you get into your 40s and 50s and 60s, you're reaching, you know, your kids are out of the house, you know, you're maybe still working a job. But once you get into retirement age, so maybe, you know, I think the way that maybe people think about exercising is that. Yeah, you want to do a lot in early life to kind of build up those reserves and you're muscle massing your early fitness and things like that. But you know, as you get older, think about exercising more as you maybe have more time to dedicate to it, because not only, you know, you need probably about a mountain in order to kind of maintain some of these changes. So it's again, I think a harsh, a harsh reality maybe. Well, let's talk a little bit about some of Dr. Levine's research on getting into that starting into that late middle age age 50. And this was a very. He calls it one of the most cited or looked viewed at, I guess viewed on the website in the journal circulation studies of all time and really so I think it's a preestowning study. It was a two year intervention trial where he took 50 year old him and his colleagues took 50 year olds that were otherwise healthy, but sedentary. I would argue that's not healthy if they're sedentary. It is as a disease, but they don't have any other identified diseases like cardiovascular disease or hypertension, for example. But they had been sedentary. And he put them on a two year exercise protocol, which maybe you can discuss in a minute, that was pretty intense. And they looked at the structure of their heart before starting this protocol and then two years after this exercise protocol, they looked at their hearts again and found that in many aspects like the cardiac compliance and a variety of different parameters that they looked at the size of the heart and the stiffness, right, the stretchiness of the heart. Many aspects had reversed in terms of their aging. In fact, it was comparable. Their hearts were comparable to looking more like 30 year olds. So they had essentially started this program and they had these 50 year old looking hearts and with respect to the size and the compliance. And then after this two year exercise protocol had reversed 20 years of cardiac aging, which is pretty astonishing and inspirational in many respects. So the protocol wasn't necessarily easy though. It wasn't at all. It wasn't easy. It was simple. And I think something that everybody can kind of work up to and use as kind of a framework for how to structure their training. So yeah, as you mentioned, this was a two year study, which again, like if anybody's familiar with exercise physiology research, like doing a two year exercise. During a two year exercise intervention is pretty incredible to get those participants to adhere to that regimen. I can't remember how many persistence were in that state right now, but I think it was somewhere around 200 maybe, but they had a pretty decent number of participants. But it involved the two year commitment and they didn't start them out right away doing everything that they were doing at the end, but they scaled up their exercise gradually throughout the two years. By year one, they were kind of reaching their peak exercise and then they maintained them for the second year. And so what this involved was eventually doing about five to six hours of aerobic exercise, or I guess it was total training for week was kind of five to six hours. And what that involved was one or more region for by four session. They actually at one point in the study just before the one year mark we're doing two Norwegian four by four interval training sessions per week. After the year they dropped it down to just one for the maintenance phase. So one Norwegian four by four interval training session per week. They did one session per week that was an hour or longer of their base pace, so we could refer to that as load of matter intensity exercise zone two training. But it was like a one hour longer base session and that could be just a bike around a walk, I like something like that. And then they did another 30 minute base pace session for week. So another zone two exercise training session per week. They also did a very light recovery day after all of their interval training sessions. So the day after their Norwegian four by four, they did a light active recovery day. And then they did two resistance training exercise sessions per week. So they were doing four aerobic training sessions, two resistance exercise training sessions for the protocol. And they scaled up to that. So this wasn't we're doing four by four or all at once, but they progressively added that for the first year by the end of the second year they were maintaining that. So they, you know, for two years did about five to six hours of exercise and like you mentioned they reverse their certain aspects of their cardiovascular structure by, you know, estimated 20 years, which is pretty astounding. And not an easy protocol, but certainly not something like a high level lead endurance athlete is doing. So it's something that everybody I think could do and these were people who were 50, 60 years old. Right, it's doable. And I'd be curious to know how many of those people continue to maintain that after the situation is over knowing they reverse their their heart aging and in some in terms of the structural aging of their heart by almost, you know, about 20 years. I feel like that would be very motivating for any 50 or 60 year old to go, wow, I should keep this up. This is like I want to, you know, I want to own it hard to stay like a 30 year old, right? I mean that yeah for me it would for sure. It would be cool to see a follow up study. It would also just be cool to see if they didn't say they didn't maintain that training. They just totally stopped how long goes benefit. It's kind of lasted. I think that would be interesting to and if I know Dr. Levine them have follow up studies on some of the exercise training, but it would be interesting to see for that one because I'm sure you may maintain some of those benefits for a few years, but the bed rest training study or just some of the studies on detraining, you see like kind of what you stop. It's a very steep slope down back to where you were. Right, especially with the fact that you're a car your restory fitness. Right. Yeah. Well, a lot of this research, so this intervention study, you know, we're talking about the master's athlete looking at identifying, you know, I called it the dose, but it really is in terms of frequency. How many days a week you have to work out to kind of help maintain that youthful carty extructure. Has led Dr. Levine to have what he calls his prescription for life with respect to exercise. He does add a little bit of resistance training into that prescription for life. Maybe we can talk a little bit about that and then talk about our own sort of our prescription for life like what our protocols are. He's prescription for life was honestly one of I think my favorite takeaways from that episode because it was something that I felt was reasonable for everybody. It's a lot more exercise than probably most people are doing, but not something that everyone couldn't work up to at some point. And so his prescription for life was very similar to kind of that two year training study that he cited. He cited this week's spot of four to five days per week of aerobic exercise or five to six hours per week of training. That seems to be kind of the sweet spot performing interval training once per week. And you know, while in that study they used the Norwegian 4x4, you know, you could do any type of intervals we just mentioned a few other protocols to 10 by one that to bought a but really just just do hide some type of high intensity interval training once per week. After every high intensity interval training session take a light recovery day, Levine definitely stress the importance of recovery not only just for from a muscular perspective and your, you know, your autonomic nervous system, but the cardiac and cardiovascular system also needs to recover. You know, when you stress it with a high heart rate, you do increase some markers that like cardiac damage and those also need time to recover. So if you're doing interval workout, the next day, you know, doing 30 or more, maybe minutes of very light activity. That's also kind of part of his prescription. His bit one hour or longer base pay session per week was definitely kind of a foundation of his prescription. And then the two or more resistance training session exercises per week, which you know, this is a very, very practical approach and I think most people could, you know, maybe you should just take this and paste it up on your wall and use that to guide your training every week. I think if those people did that, they would be certainly in a good place. Not only to, I think age better, but the way I see it, I mean, I look at Levine's prescription for life and it mirrors a lot of like what I do for my weekly training. I mean, the way I structure kind of. The way I structure kind of I training, I do, I have one long run for every single week. I do probably two easy zone two exercise sessions. I do one high intensity interval session and then I try strength training for a week. So I really follow Levine's prescription for life. I just kind of scale it up to me the volume that I'm in seeking for week. And so I'm sure you run it probably do something similar to that. Well, you're doing what's your total hours, would you? I would say on the tip of a week, I'm probably exercising like 14 to 16 hours. Most of its endurance. So I'll probably do 14 hours of endurance training and then, you know, getting in like one to two hours of strength training. I could probably view more towards the strength training, but again, you know, it's as you talked about really what I'm trying to optimize for at this point in my life. Yeah, well, I'm so I'm not clocking in quite as many hours. I'm doing more like six, six to six and a half hours a week, depending on on the week. So I end up doing more high intensity training and a little bit more. I would say that zone three is probably a big part of my training. So I do three days a week. I'm doing. It's sort of a combat is more like a cross at type of training where I'm doing combination of. I do strength well, two that days I do strength training for about 30 minutes each. So it's about an hour of strength training a week. And then I do some a little bit of a little bit of high perch training as well. And then followed by like a 15 minute high intensity interval training that includes some aerobic as well. So it'll be it'll be something like, I'll do like the rowing machine or the bike or jumping rope. And then I'll add in something like lighter weight squads or push ups or dips or lunges. And so it's like a combination of and that's for the remaining like 30 minutes. So that would be like an hour a week of that. And then I do another hour of something kind of similar but it includes a little bit more aerobic. So it's a combination of things as well where I'm also doing things as like lunges and I'm doing weights and I'm doing hypertrophy training. And not as much as strength training but then I'm combining it with a rowing machine. I'm doing assault bike. I'm doing a ski the skier or jumping rope. So so it's a very efficient way for me to get that strength training, my resistance training and also my some high intensity and we'll training in there. And in addition to that I'll do about an hour a week of I do some zone two into zone three runs probably more zone three ish where I'm not really talking. I mean, is very breathy of a talk right and then I'll do some sprinting towards the end end of that. And then one day a week so that's like this is all like that's twice a week I do that. And then on my lap on my sixth day which is typically a weekend I'll do hiking for like one and a half hours to two hour hike with my family and we're walking of course and it is hiking so we'll walk uphill but sometimes we do some sprints like and race each other and stuff in the middle of that but it's not like really super intense. I do consider it more of our recovery day because the walk is just very long and it's over an hour so it meets that box with what Dr. DeBeen said he should do something once a week that is at least an hour long he's in care what it is as long as it's fun and you enjoy it. I enjoy the hikes and you know he said you can even be walking and it can be a walk so that's kind of my my typical my weeks workout as well. I think what you said about enjoyment was kind of important to and something we sometimes don't talk about you know we're getting very technical about like how people should train but you have to find something he even stressed that that the hour long session you want to. It doesn't need to be a bike ride or a run it can be a hike it could be I think even said something like a dance you know if you go to a dance class and dancing for an hour or a few heart rate elevated you know that works maybe you're skiing so just something where you're doing. Cardiovascular type exercise for an hour or more because I think the key with his prescription was. It needs to be sustainable because that's literally the whole idea his prescription for life. You're this is something that you can do. Whether you're 30 years old or starting at 30 all the way up until you're 70 or 80 so I think that's important to have activities that you enjoy doing right for me also. Accountability is important so I do work with coaches of a really great coach that comes and works with me on my strength training and crossfit type of training. And then I go and work out with friends as well and there's again there's that fun group aspect going to a gym. Maybe it has classes I mean that's another way something that's going to keep you going back right so it does have to be sustainable. It has to be something that you enjoy. I don't necessarily enjoy strength training and we can talk a little bit more about this when we get into that that part I mean there's it's it's very hard and there's a lot of surprising aspects of it that I didn't quite expect after I really started engaging in that but. It helps to have have a coach or certainly even just going to a class right where where there is a coach it doesn't have to be a personal trainer. However, whatever it is that you have to side's best for you with with that said I would like to move on to some of the metabolic effects and adaptations that occur with aerobic exercise. So fundamental to metabolic health is mitochondrial health and mitochondria for most people who aren't aware of what these are they're a little tiny organelles that are inside of ourselves. Most of ourselves with the exception of red blood cells that are creating energy from the food that we eat carbohydrates fatty acids. They're very important for a variety of metabolic functions and everything from neurotransmitters synthesis brain function. To muscle function to cardiac function or mitochondria of the center everything. So you really want to do what you can to preserve and improve mitochondrial health. There's a lot of interest in improving mitochondrial health and what types of training protocols are best for improving mitochondrial health and when Dr Martin Cabala was on the podcast. I was asking him about high intensity and able training and how that compared to more of a zone to like continuous exercise type of training in terms of improving mitochondrial health. And he basically said that when the volume of exercise is kept the same that mitochondrial density so this is mitochondrial biogenesis which is the creation of a new mitochondria was actually better after high intensity interval training than more zone to load a moderate intensity type of training. So the volume of exercise was the same. Now again as we mentioned earlier, most of the time going to be doing a larger volume of exercise of a zone to type of training versus high intensity interval training. So it becomes a more time efficient way of getting some similar benefits, metabolic benefits and mitochondrial benefits as a zone to type of training would get. So with respect to mitochondrial biogenesis, mitochondrial density also a process known as mitophogy. So this is the clearing away of damage to mitochondria as we age our mitochondria become damaged. We don't have a repair system for like we don't have a DNA repair system. We have DNA in our mitochondria, but we don't have the same types of repair systems as we do in our nuclear genome. So we have a mitochondria repair themselves through a variety of mechanisms. One of them is mitophogy where a portion of the mitochondria will be recycled or perhaps even the entire mitochondria if the entire mitochondria is damaged. It seems as though the more vigorous the exercise, the more intense the exercise, the increase the increase prevalence that you have of mitophogy happening. Again, it doesn't mean that zone 2 type of training isn't having that happen as well, but you probably just have a larger volume of that before you get there. So then there's this whole area of that burning and you would discuss this a little bit earlier and Dr. Gabala discuss this. Where what type of exercise is better for fat burning right well mitochondria are at the center of burning fat right so fatty acids are oxidized in the mitochondria. So you hear a lot about zone 2 training and how zone 2 training is really ideal for optimizing fat burning. Maybe you can talk a little bit about maybe recap a little bit about what Dr. Balvestang with respect to how high intensity interval training affects fat utilization and how that compares to perhaps a low to moderate intensity type of training like so and so training. I think there's no question that zone 2 training as we mentioned before during zone 2 training while you're actually exercising. Fat oxidation is maximize so you're burning more fat during zone 2 training. At least as a relative you know percentage of total contribution versus carbohydrates come here to like a higher intensity interval training. Well when you were talking with Dr. Marngabala and you asked him you know does the substrate that you are utilizing most during exercise kind of predict the adaptation in that and. His answer and what the literature would show is that fatty acid oxidation relies on you know you're mitochondrial content as well as your levels of this enzyme known as CPT or carnitine pulmothorl transferase which is the rate limiting enzyme forgetting fatty acids into the mitochondria where they can be oxidized to produce energy. So any exercise or you know the exercise that improves CPT enzyme levels and mitochondrial content the most is going to enhance your fat oxidation capacity the most. And the evidence is pretty clear based on what I've been reading in certain meta analyses that would show high intensity training compared to moderate or low intensity training. It increases mitochondrial content more it increases CPT enzyme levels and activity more so and it also leads to better fat oxidation capacity so even though you're not burning more fat during high intensity training. You're mitochondria are adapting in such a way to allow you to burn more fat or due to exercise training. So which is interesting and not to say that you don't need zone two but I think that it goes to show that. Maybe you know if your goal is to become a better fat burner that high intensity interval training might actually be you know when to volume matched just as good if not a little bit better than moderate intensity training. And it all comes back to the mitochondria hit is a potent stimulator of mitochondrial biogenesis and all of these mitochondrial enzymes as is known to but hit might be a little bit better if all you matched again. It's always key to kind of note that. Right it comes down to that adaptation right when you're when you're pushing beyond the capacity of your your your body's ability to bring nutrients and oxygen to the mitochondria to be oxidized for energy. And you start going into that you know zone three zone four where you're using glucose and producing lactate is a bioproduct there you're at up your your body is going oh I need to increase I need to increase my mitochondrial density so that I can start using my mitochondria raise an adaptation it's a response to that stressor. And I think the other thing that people often think about is always like this black and white thinking right there's this bin and that bin as to use lane or indoctralline norton's analogy. Where people think if you're doing high intensity and you know we're training you're just your just burning glucose and and producing lactate and that's just not the case in fact the majority of the time. Even when you're doing a high intensity and we're training workout you're doing both right you're not just burning I mean unless someone's doing like an all out wing gate which I don't know many people that have done that I certainly have been ever done one. But you're not really going to be just only burning glucose right there's there's a gray area so you're also still using your mitochondria to some degree as well. Totally yeah I think we yeah sometimes especially going back to when we were talking about zones people talk about zones as if they're these very neat buckets well on the zone two now and then over get a little bit harder right like flip across this threshold and zone two and then in zone three but it's more of a spectrum versus a. Black and white jumping into these different buckets of zones or what we're using as a fuel source during exercise yet's definitely more like a spectrum than a threshold that you crossing your using one of the other. Why do people's why why why is there a. You can see it circulating around on on social media and the blogosphere podcasts. If you're if you're doing zone two training you're going to be a better fat burner like I'm doing you asked someone why I'm doing so I'm doing zone two training because I want to be a better quote unquote fat burner. What does that even mean is that even true. And I've also seen studies where it seems as though doing more high intensity interval training more vigorous exercise people end up burning more fat. After the exercise you know if they're doing that type of exercise versus low to moderate intensity training. I think for yeah for something like weight loss or body composition you know if. I think diet is probably the biggest leverage can pull for that and people say oh exercise is not great for weight loss, but you know there's a contribution of exercise to weight loss and. Your high intensity training yeah there does seem to be you know you're burning a lot of fat during exercise there's this quote unquote after burn effect that I know Dr Martin Gavala talked about where you know maybe. Several hours after exercise you kind of have this higher cool work burn to this higher fat burn so. If you're interested in you know improving body composition you know you kind of want to be you got a better fat burner and burn more fat during exercise to help you improve your body composition. You know what it means to become a better fat burner is is kind of nuanced and maybe not as understood but I think this idea one is of metabolic flexibility and so people may have heard this term before but it essentially refers to the fact that. Let's say you're in between meals or you're fasting overnight and you wake up in the morning like mental flexibility just reflects your ability to. You know when glucose is low or glycogen stores a low kind of switch over to using fatty acids or oxidizing fat for energy so you can use both fuel sources kind of interchangeably and use them well because you have like the cellular and metabolic machinery to do that. But what it also means from a kind of performance and athletic perspective is that you're able to use fat as a fuel source at an increasingly higher intensity so. Most people maybe aware that once you start exercising more at a higher and higher intensity you use more carbohydrate or more glucose as energy source compared to fat so. If you read like a classic exercise physiology textbook there's always this graph where exercise intensity is on the x axis and you go from zero which is resting to a hundred maximal intensity exercise and then the y axis is another zero to a hundred percent and that's your contribution of glucose and fat to your energy and so at rest you're using almost a hundred percent maybe fat and as you increase your exercise intensity. Fat oxidation goes down carbohydrate and oxidation goes up and then kind of in the middle somewhere about sixty seventy percent of your maximum heart rate that's where you know getting fifty percent contribution from carbohydrate. Fifty percent from fat and so essentially if you are a better fat burner those are shifted a little bit so the slope of those lines is kind of reduced whereas. You know maybe before your max fat oxidation occurred at sixty percent of your maximal exercise intensity. Well now if I become a better fat burner when I'm at eighty percent of my maximal exercise intensity that's where my maximal fat oxidation occurs. So you're using more fat at a higher exercise intensity that is kind of from a performance or an athletic exercise perspective what it means to become a better fat burner. And you can do that by doing fasted exercise you can do it by doing so and so doing high intensity interval training increasing your mitochondria. You know eating a keto diet is like the famous study where they looked at people who are literally eating a. Keto-genic diet and their max fat oxidation was at 85 percent of their exercise intensity which is kind of high. So that's essentially what it means what are the benefits I mean being a quote unquote glucose burner or a carb burner. You know when you use carb hydroid to kind of produce reactive oxygen species and maybe you know that may be helpful for limiting those kind of byproducts. For performance you know it can help you not have to fuel as much during exercise you know if you're body can use that you don't necessarily have to keep replenishing and keep your blood glucose high using. Exogenous kind of like drinks or gels or something like that that's kind of from an athletic or performance perspective. I think those are some of the main benefits and you know not everybody's goal is to become a better fat burner but there's need to be benefits both for health and longevity to doing so. Medabolic flexibility I mean there's definitely one cavity of benefits for that and to get that metabolic flexibility it sounds like you know. You don't necessarily have to be just as dumb to trainer like you can do. You're increasing your mitochondrial density there's a lot of different ways to get there in terms of aerobic exercise that doesn't have to necessarily just be zone two which is where. Some of that like you hear some people and they think I think there's a misconception where it's like oh I have to be. In the zone two where I'm only burning fatty acids and not shifting into that more intense zone where I'm burning glucose as well in order for me to become a fat burner and I don't know that that's necessarily the case. No I don't think so and you know like we just said because if you get better and healthier and you know more efficient mitochondria you're going to become a better fat burner and there are multiple ways to improve the health of your mitochondria. Right. Just zone two exercise right well shifting gears and talking a little bit about glucose regulation I mean this is also a very important area for. Cardi bachelor health I mentioned that glucose dysregulation if you're constantly having elevations in blood glucose levels. That can lead to the stifoning of your myocardium of your pericardium right these these have collagen and them and they react with glucose and that leads to a lower cardiac compliance essentially your heart is less stretchy. You want to have you want to maintain and improve your your glucose regulation throughout your life it's very important this is where my conversation with Dr. Martin Kvala was really. I think shed some light into the benefits of high intensity interval training on glucose regulation now there's no doubt that aerobic exercise improves glucose regulation like full stop like you're going to have improved glucose regulation if you are engaging in a rocic exercise. But if you're again comparing the volume of actually is being the same and comparing sort of a continuous lower to moderate intensity exercise with high intensity interval training or more vigorous type of exercise. There's you're going to have more improvements in glucose regulation with the higher intensity exercise and that someone has to do with the utilization of glucose which produces lactate as a byproduct it's not necessarily a byproduct we know it's not a byproduct and you're more it's an active metabolism. Active metabolite that is not only an energy source for mitochondria it's also a signaling molecule so in other words it's a way for your muscles to communicate with your muscles and porch proteins in your muscles. It's also a way for your muscles to communicate with other organs like the brain and the heart and the liver and your kidneys and so that lactate actually is a signaling molecule to the muscle cells and glucose transporters in the muscle. Then come up there it's called translocation they come up to the self surface of the muscle and they're open and primed and ready to take in a lot of glucose and lactates really key in that process. So if you're producing lactate by having a more intense workout you're going to have more gluten for transporters that are. Translocating up to the muscle cell surface where they're ready to take in the glucose so high intensity able training is definitely a good way to improve glucose regulation. But the lactate isn't the only reason for that right yeah so you know lactate obviously pretty important in that mechanism that you just reference but also contraction and then of itself is just so interesting in that. It also causes this glue forward transporters to translocate to the cell membrane where they can suck up more glucose into the muscle and so what high intensity interval training does that makes it more potent for doing that is it engages a larger amount of muscle mass. So you mentioned it increases our utilization of glucose in the skeletal muscle so what kind of increases the sensitivity of the muscle to take up glucose because you're utilizing it larger amount of muscle mass larger amount of glucose transporters and more glucose taken up into the cell. So essentially you know that's another reason I think why high intensity training and resistance training to like we'll talk about later but are great for glucose regulation maybe much more so particularly compared to zone two training. You're talking about engaging the the the muscles um there's a study that was published. Oh gosh not a few months ago I mean it wasn't it is less than a year ago that it compared doing 10 body weight squats to 30 minutes so the 10 body weight squats over the span of in eight hour work day basically so you're doing it every 45 minutes so every 45 minutes just you do 10 body weight squats over eight hours and now is compared to a 30 minute continuous walk. And the body weight squats were more potent at improving glucose clearance than the continuous walk again probably because lactase being produced and you're engaging like you're talking about the muscles are being engaged more robustly than perhaps a walk would do. But also Dr. Dvala talked about walking and continuous walking versus interval walking as well. Yeah, and I think that the study that he was citing shows that just intensity matters but also kind of just interval kind of the interval pattern could be interesting for like a regularly and glucose. So yeah, he mentioned the study where they basically just did two groups of walking where one walked at the continuous intensity of 65% and the other group alternated intensities of 75% and 60%. So not even high intensity interval training they just did interval walking is what he called it and they experienced much better improvements in it was 24 hour 24 hour glucose regulation and cardiometabolic risk factors. I think in things like waste or conference there be a my as well as like their HP and once he all those things improve better with interval walking compared to just moderate intensity walking. Even when they didn't do really high intensity so there seems to be maybe something unique about you know the study that you mentioned breaking up the activity throughout the day and then doing oscillating intervals even if it's just walking for glucose regulation. So something to think about for people if glucose regulation is one of their goals. Right, I like to do that again like I mentioned with my hikes you know will stop and we'll do some intervals and friends and. Of course, like throughout the day it's nice what we'll talk a little bit about exercise snacks, but that's another way to kind of break up the the sedentary part of your day. I want to shift gears and talk a little bit about I'll just talk briefly about brain health. Training for brain health we cover a little bit of this in this guide as well and Dr. Gabal and I talk a little bit about this is well in fact you just sent me a systematic analysis yesterday. I think that it that came out on high intensity interval training and and how it improves brain drive neurotrophic factor. So brain drive neurotrophic factor is a growth factor it's a neurotrophic factor it's produced in the body in the muscle that also on the brain. It plays a very important role for it helps the growth of neurons in certain parts of the brain like the substantiate negras for example the hippocampus and. It helps with the connections between neurons so that your synapses and your connections and your long term potential things that are forming long term memory or more solidified. So it's a neuroplasticity the ability of your brain to sort of adapt to the changing environment and a variety of other things that's doing your brain that's that's hugely beneficial for brain aging for cognition. So you really want to increase brain drive neurotrophic factor in the brain there's been a variety of exercise protocols high intensity exercise protocols visit vigorous exercise it seems as though the more vigorous the intensity the exercise. More robust the brain drive neurotrophic factor affect and again this comes down to lactate as well as other mechanisms lactates one mechanism because lactate has been shown to cross over to the blood brain barrier in the brain activate brain drive neurotrophic factor so it's it's one of the ways your muscle communicates with the brain until the brain you know you're stress in your muscles you're also stressing your your brain at the same time and so it's a way it's a response and adaptation. So the way your body is is adapting and going okay I need to make sure I can handle this stress let's make more brain drive neurotrophic factor so that I can handle that stress even the 10 minute you know high intensity interval training workout has been shown to improve cognition I often like to do. 10 minute to bought a before I do something that I need to be sharp I focused on like a podcast for example because it's a 10 minute workout I mean you have 10 minutes and you can do it and I often feel really good after that so. We do we do cover some of that in the training guide as well I think I think that the bottom line with with protocols to improve brain drive brain drive neurotrophic factor. Is intensity and also volume so you know even if you're doing if you're doing a 20 minute workout and you want to be at least like 80% your max heart rate for this 20 minutes more like a zone three ish kind of workout right. I think I think a lot of people will probably just know that to be true anecdotally I certainly know that if I do a longer low to moderate intensity exercise like 60 to 90 minutes. I feel good afterwards you know my mind feels clear but it's nothing like when I do high intensity interval session where you sometimes feel like your brain is just like on fire so I think a lot of people have the same experience where. Just low kind of steady state exercise yet feels good but it really doesn't provide I think the cognitive improvement benefits acutely that's. I know that's something you talk about a ton and just how you structure your own hip protocols to really correspond with your. Either your cognitive work that you're doing because you really do you just feel clear you feel sharp after you feel energized so really do think there's like nothing I can't. To improve brain health and obviously long term brain health through exercise training but just to use it acutely as well just as like this kind of stimulant almost. I deliberately structure those short ten minute hit workouts around times like this like a podcast I'm going to do or presentation I'm going to give and I'm in a hotel and it's like I got to do my ten minute high intensity workout often go to the gym and get on the the bike and do do something. Kind of as a good I think this is a good segue into these sort of exercise snacks and some people would consider a ten minute workout even on the longer end of an exercise snack. So exercise snacks are they can be structured or unstructured and I talked about this with Dr Martin Gabala a lot he's been involved in a lot of studies involving the unstructured type of exercise snacks but the structure type of exercise snack is something where you're getting your heart rate really high at least 80% of your max heart rate right. You're getting more into that in that vigorous intensity zone and it could be anywhere from one minute to nine minutes perhaps ten minutes where you're you're doing intervals right if you're doing a ten minutes not like the entire ten minutes you're in that but you're you're doing intervals. But if you're doing a one minute or two minute or three minute workout then you can you can you can be in a pretty high high 85% max heart rate zone right. So some examples would be something like body weight squats or you do high knees or burpees or jumping jacks for some people lunges right something where you're you're engaging multiple muscle groups and you're also just getting your heart rate up as well. So those would be the structure types of exercise snacks. There's also the unstructured type where people just throughout their their daily activities that they're doing will engage in an exercise snack. So these are called vigorous intermittent lifestyle physical activity or villa and this is typically someone who let's say their offices on the third or fourth floor of the building. And they sprint is you know the sprint up this year they go fast up the stairs maybe not technically sprint because a coach would be like no way and you're right you know way but but they're going fast enough not just walking they're they're going fast their heart rates getting up and they do that multiple times a day. Or they walk and instead of just walking they're really briskly walking they're going really fast right and there's other examples of this sort of unstructured type of you know house cleaning some times right people are like going around back in being in their kind of fast like you know I've seen that being the case as well. So there's a lot of tests of unstructured exercise that can be done and there's a variety of benefits that are associated with this sort of these exercise snacks and if you with Dr. Gabala. When he came on the podcast he was talking a lot about these villa studies where. Researchers give people that are engaging in this type of unstructured exercise and accelerometer so this is measuring their their heart rate and they're able to see their heart rate and also like I guess the distance as well but it's also measuring the heart rate and they're seeing how high their heart rate goes and then they've looked at. A variety of outcomes all cause mortality cardiovascular related mortality cancer related mortality and what these publications which Dr. Gabala has been a part of have shown is that. People that are engaging in this type of villpa exercise this unstructured exercise for. One to two minutes three times a day so you're getting up to the nine minute a day range. They have a 50% reduction in all cause mortality cardiovascular related mortality and a 40% reduction in cancer related mortality and these are even these are benefits that are even found in people that identify as non exerciseer. So in other words they don't consider themselves they don't go to the gym they're not doing tennis or dance class or whatever they they consider themselves like not doing physical activity. So I think that that that day that really kind of drives home that even these small sort of burst of physical activity can be beneficial for health. Then there's also a lot of psychological benefits that Dr. Gabala talked about as well. With the exercise snacks it obviously I think that psychologically you know knowing that you have to just exercise for one to two minutes at a time it feels easier and so one of their I think goals with these exercise snacks and doing these actual studies was. One of the barriers to exercise for some people is all I have to exercise for 30 to 40 minutes at a time I don't really want to. To do that now people should probably learn to do that but you know for people who may not comply with that it feels psychological easier than long workout and they don't really require any special equipment. If you're doing them throughout the day where you're working at a job you don't even have to change your clothes and so it just removes that psychological barrier that I have to get dressed and go to the gym and exercise for 30 minutes at a time. With exercise snacks you're doing it for one to five minutes and then it's over and you just do it a few times per day. So psychologically they feel easier these consistent small efforts also appear to enhance adherence and so when they conduct these studies they find that adherence is pretty high as compared to maybe some of the exercise training studies where. People don't necessarily do all the exercise that they're prescribed especially if it's supposed to be at home and it's you know it doesn't require them coming into the lab. So those are kind of two of the psychological benefits and I think there's can be leveraged by again maybe non exercises but also people who exercise. But there are a lot of physiological benefits to the exercise snacks as well. I mean there are multiple studies by doctor Gamal in calling showing people improve their view to max just by doing these exercise snacks. Four to five times per day for a few times per week. They can improve cardiovascular metabolic health so they can improve their blood pressure reduce their fasting blood glucose improve their HPA1C. So measures the body composition glucose regulation all of these can improve with exercise snacks which is profound. I think one thing to note I think is that these people were previously untrained so I don't think you could take somebody who's exercising at a level of maybe what you and I are doing right and do exercise snacks and you're going to see. Huge health benefits especially like VO2 max but I certainly think that they can be additive so if you are exercising and you add these exercise snacks you can receive additional health benefits but you might not see a you know 50% improving your view to max by doing exercise snacks. But studies have shown that and so I think they can be very potent and doing that as well. In showing that it doesn't require a large time investment just to see a fitness improvement. And then I think one of the other benefits is that they break up sedentary time throughout the day. So we know that being sedentary sitting for say 30 to 60 minutes or longer or maybe 3 hours at a time is not good for cardiovascular metabolic health. So breaking up your sedentary time as much as possible is good and so physically psychologically just put the cognitive benefits to using these exercise snacks intermittently throughout the day can improve physical health. By reducing sedentary time and keeping more focus by reducing your kind of the cognitive maybe slump that you get after you sit for 3 hours or so at a time. It also helps with the mid day slumpiness like where you're feeling kind of sleepy and I cannot drink caffeine afternoon like for me it affects me and I'll be up to late in the evening. So I will get up and do some body weight squats usually it's body weight squats sometimes I'll do some push ups or something but something that just gets my heart right up and blood flowing and what do you know I feel better right I'm ready I'm more focused ready to get back to work as well. And the other thing that's really good with the exercise snacks is to time them around meals and there's also been some evidence on this published looking mostly people with metabolic dysfunction like type of ABD. Metabolic syndrome and how even doing something timed around a meal and it doesn't have to be long it can be a short again you're doing you're doing some body weight squats or burpees or jumping jacks whatever it improves glucose regulation right and so it's something that you can I typically will do it if I'm. I'm going out to dinner certainly when I'm on vacation and I don't eat the way I usually eat and my my usual discipline type of diet where I'll say okay we're in Italy and we're having gelato guess what I'm like next the gelato station and I'm doing body weight so I mean it's something that can be used as a tool for. Like you that you mentioned improving cardiovascular metabolic health and also timing it around times when maybe you're cheating a little bit more as well sure and also you know can be used to kind of if you feel like you don't have enough time with your main training sessions during the week to kind of meet that minimum recommended levels of physical activity. I think to exercise snacks again can be additive so it can be used to kind of bring your total exercise volume during the week up to meet those activity levels or sneak in maybe extra exercise if you don't find you have the timer miss a training session or maybe there's a day where you just don't have the time to dedicate to an actual training session on the new exercise next today and that could be a suitable alternative very good point yeah and also that psychologically feels good right like I'm checking that box right. I do exercise snacks during the day even though I'm training a lot just again mostly like for the psychological benefits it's all do like some kettlebell swings and push up simple ups you know they might help me build a little bit of strength but. Definitely get that cognitive boost. All right so I think that wraps up our. section on aerobic exercise training we really covered a lot of ground here this is all covered in our how to train according to the experts guide. Along with a variety of protocols more detailed information again you can find that at how to train guide dot com we're going to move on to resistance training this is another. area. Very important for longevity and also an area that I've actually focused a lot more on in the last year. I you know it really happened after I started having experts in this this field of muscle protein synthesis muscle muscular health. professors like doctors to it the love doctor Brad shown field even experts like doctor Ling Norton as well having them on the podcast and just hearing about all the important. aspects of maintaining strength maintaining mass with age. really was eye opening for me and so I became. I dedicated a lot more effort and time into resistance training over the last year. Really some of the statistics that doctor Stewart had. Called out on the podcast for kind of scary you know first of all he was he mentioned that your peak muscle mass occurs. between the age of 20 and 30 for me was quite a while ago I mean you're you're reaching that point but that's that's your peak and then after that peak about you start to decline on average. About 8% per decade so this age related to climb in muscle mass is often referred to as sarcopenia and there's a lot of. elements that can contribute to that which I will not get into but so 8% per decade and then as you reach the age of 70 that goes up to 15% per decade and then strength actually declines even quicker than muscle mass. So strength declines annually for men about three to four percent per year and then for women it's about 2.5 to 3% your strength decreases per year on average. Now if you're engaging in resistance training strength training then you're. skewing that right in a positive way you're not going to be declining as much and that's that's kind of the goal one of the goals of resistance training but it's also very important for maintaining. functional independence so your muscle mass your muscle strength these are very important for as you're aging to have functional independence to make sure you're lowering your risk of a fracture. fall that that's also very important as well as when you're doing the resistance training a lot of the exercises that are engaging. You know multiple muscle groups are also improving bone density as well right and that's another aspect that's very beneficial with respect to resistance training. But there's also another part of the equation that's muscle power muscle power yeah we recently covered this one of our newsletters but researchers have kind of proposed this new term called power. Pina as like a nod to sarcopina so power Pina being the age-related loss of muscle power and so muscle power as opposed to muscle strength and muscle mass is you know your ability to generate force quickly so standing up out of a chair or you know lifting something heavy with a high velocity that's this is all kind of examples of muscle power and why that's important is because you know like strength obviously but. It's important for predicting your functional independence and essential for activities of daily living essentially you know especially as you get older and so one of the ways to measure it is using just like a simple sit to stand test on a chair but like how quickly can you do that so how quickly can you sit down and rise from a chair. We even we in the study that we covered that's how the assessed muscle power and showed that it was correlated with actually longevity which is pretty interesting so what's unique about muscle power is that it seems to decline. Earlier start to clang earlier and then as it clines more rapidly than muscle mass or muscle strength so obviously you know how much muscle you have in your strength. All of these things are kind of interrelated but muscle power seems to be a more a more sensitive indicator and maybe a more robust indicator of. Functional outcomes with age and so muscle power is just as important you can obviously train for it as we'll talk about how to train for hypertrophy and strength. Similar you know with resistance training you need to resist this train to improve muscle power but yeah this is another idea that hasn't been as necessarily well cited as the declines and muscle mass and strength but it might actually decline to a greater degree than either. Yeah it's not something that's talked about as much either right so yeah we're going to cover a lot of aspects of resistance training. Including training for strength and hypertrophy body composition as well but I want to start with with when I had Dr. Lane Norton on the podcast he had some really good general principles that people can follow. For resistance training most people can follow these general principles and I thought they were really. They were just really it was really good information that was just I think accessible and applicable for a lot of people. I did too and it's because they were you know very non-technical kind of just advice on how to think about training in general we're applying the service resistance training but can it be applied to you know any types of training so. He mentioned the first one was consistency the most effective training regimen is the one that you're going to follow if you have a coach who prescribes the training regimen to you. That is too hard or that leads to injure that you don't enjoy. You know you're not going to be consistent and executing it and you need consistency in order to see long-term progress so his first one was consistency that's obviously important. Progressive overload is the second one. This is kind of a fundamental aspect of all exercise training and what progressive overload just means is increasing your dose your load your volume your intensity however you want to define it. Of exercise over time so with resistance training week after week, month after month, year after year you want to continually stress your muscle by lifting heavier weight in order to cause that muscle to grow either stronger or bigger or both however you want to do that. So progressive overload a key aspect of thinking about resistance training. The third one is going to be recovery sometimes a cliche but you actually get stronger when you aren't exercising not when you are so you need to do the training but you also need to allow your body. To recover and so laying stress the importance of recovery. That includes you know both just decreasing your training or doing light intensity training or no training at all doing some light active recovery versus just laying on the couch all day. That's not necessarily the ideal for way to recover and then you know focusing on sleep focusing on eating. focusing on your protein intake but obviously just eating enough to sustain your training and to rebuild the muscle so it can get stronger. And then the final one was mindset and execution. Focus on execution rather than being perfect. I mean you know we in this world of health and fitness dare I say biohacking. But like to focus on the very specifics of things like gotta get the sets perfectly right or the weight perfectly right. Obviously those can be important but what the main thing is is executing it week after week doing the training and not focusing on. You are at the perfect heart rate or the perfect lactate level or lifting you know this perfect amount of way down to the point one kilogram. Just execute week after week and that will lead to consistent gains. So yeah again I think all of the principles that laying provided when you know you're talking to them during your interview were great and everybody should just keep those you know in the back of their minds when they're thinking about training in addition to you know structuring their training which we will talk about how to do spares in. Yeah it's for me you know I like I mentioned I've really engaged on this journey in the last year of really be being committed to my resistance training and all of these principles that that laying discussed I am following. So the consistency for me really involved having a coach and a group of friends that I work out with as well we do resistance training together and both of those for me. Help tremendously with consistency now. Other people might be different some people I mean I think generally speaking accountability does help with consistent consistency so having a coach or a class you go to or some friends that you work out with. Retainingly like you have this this day per week you guys are doing this workout together really helps with the with consistency. Progressive the progressive overload so working with a coach this is obvious probably why I'm I mean able to buy learned right how important so how important it was. Where it's like I don't just. Right out the bat go and like I'm doing a bad school back squat with 80 pounds I'm working my way up there and in many cases you can consider that like a warm up but you know I start with just bodyweight squats and then I just do the bar. And then we progressively load the way right and so that's also a really important aspect as well as recovery and we're going to talk a little about recovery even between stats and also recovery days. What's interesting is now I've been doing so much of the strength training resistance training that my recovery days are my zone two runs which I never would have thought of as recovery days back when I was only just doing running or running in my peloton. But but it's kind of funny. It has sometimes you you call that our recovery but it really you know you're engaging in exercise you're just letting. You're not it's not so hard on your muscles right. I also also find that doing doing runs seems to help with the soreness big time. It definitely does you know increasing that blood flow so I think it's you know you basically are doing a form of like active recovery and that's why I think if you do a strength training and you. You know or hard run even in lay-round of the couch all day the next day you just feel so or you feel stiff you don't feel good. So yeah, I think there's only two training sessions are kind of having a dual benefit there. Increasing your fitness, but then they're also providing some good recovery for from your resistance. From your resistance training session right. And then mindset another one that's a that's a big one and for me. Sometimes I just do it like especially when I'm doing strength training when I if I know what how heavy I got. You know like what was my what was my one rep max so the max amount of weight that I could live for just one rep. What did I get to last time or what was my reps and reserve like what was that what was I for that I don't think about those things. I'm just I'm just doing it and it really helps to not be a perfectionist because that can get that can really get in your mind and kind of stress you out. Yeah, I think the stress and that's another thing when I am under a lot of stress. I kind of just do something a little bit lighter, you know not not quite as intense. I think it can be counterproductive to train if you're overly psychological, psychologically stressed. I mean, when you were talking with Lane, I think you talked about, you know, there are several studies showing like psychological stress that increases your injury risk. Your training sessions going to not going to be compromised. I mean, I know exercise, you know, for myself and many other people can be stressed relieving. But if there's something majorly stressful and it's going to either compromise your training or increase your injury risk, then you should probably just maybe take a recovery day or take an easy day if you had something. More intense planned. So yeah, my insight is definitely important in structuring your training. I think it becomes more important when you're lifting heavy like for strength training. So let's talk about strength training. We're training for talking about strength and even bone density bone mass as well because there's a lot of overlap there. And Dr. Brad shown, felt came on the podcast and really did, was so knowledgeable in this area and talked quite a bit about strength training and how to like the best types of exercises for strength training. And I think one of the take-homes here was the multi joint exercises. These are the compound type of exercises. They're engaging multiple muscle groups and joints simultaneously. Really are the best type of exercise for improving strength and ultimately they're more time efficient as well. So these are exercises like squats or deadlips or lunges, rows of any type of variation presses overhead presses. All the variety of types of presses that you can do. These are the multi joint compound types of exercises. They're essentially improving function. It's functional training. It's also again going to improve bone density more because you're putting more force and you're putting more of the force and stressing your your your bones more with those types of exercises. And that causes the adaptation of bone remodeling. So you're going to have improvements in bone mineral density and bone mass as well. So a lot of the overlap between those multi joint exercises. When it comes to strength itself, so I guess I should contrast that to the single joint exercises which are more like bicep curls, tricep kickbacks. What are some other ones? Some single joint exercises. I think yeah bicep curls, tricep extensions, leg extension. That's all those, yeah all those things. Anything where you're just doing a single joint kind of explains itself. Well when you're so strength training in general is mostly where you're lifting heavier and doing the lower volume. Right? So I think Dr. Showanfeld mentioned when you're doing strength training, you're going to get up to about an 85 percent or more of your one rep max, which is again is the maximum amount of weight you can lift for one rep. And that's strength training. And so oftentimes you are going to do fewer reps than you would if you were not strength training and you're going to require a longer recovery. So Dr. Showanfeld mentioned between two to five minutes, depending on the weight that you're lifting, depending on how you feel. So I know for me personally with my strength training, yesterday I was doing strength training with backs, I did backsquads and I got up, I got up to 85 percent of my one rep max. So that's where I ended at that weight. Sometimes I go to an actual where I just do one rep, but I was doing 85 percent of my one rep max and I did five reps. And I would rest about three minutes between that. Typically I rest between two to three minutes between between my sets. And every person sort of different and fuel lifting heavier, you're going to require more rest and it's really important. And I've learned this where my cardio respiratory system feels ready to go pretty quickly after I finished my set. And I have to weigh and go away to minute. If I start to engage again, I'm not going to get the five in because my muscles haven't had enough pattern to recover. You Dr. Showanfeld, I think that was one of the main things he stressed with strength training was there might be that temptation to rest maybe one to two minutes or really cut the rest interval just to get to the next set. Because it does make the exercise quote unquote harder because you're reducing your rest period. And like you said, if you're in a decent, you know, you have a decent level of aerobic fitness, I think that your heart rate will come down quickly after performing that exercise. So maybe you know psychologically cardiovascularly, you might feel like, oh, I'm ready to do the next set. But your diet literally needs time to replenish the fossil creatine stores in order to produce the ATP to do that next set. Your nervous system needs time to rest. And so that's why you know, Dr. Showanfeld recommended rest up to anywhere from two to five minutes again, based on how much weight you're lifting. You know, if you're doing failure on each set, you might need to do longer. If you're doing one to three reps in a research, might need to take a little bit shorter rest. But two to three minutes is probably the minimum and you were up to five and you really emphasized, just don't rush the rest period, especially when training for strength because your goal on each of those sets is to lift the maximum amount of weight that you can. You don't want to, it's not just about fatiguing the muscle. It's, you know, you have to be ready to, you know, if you lift 95% of your one-ret max on, you know, this set, you want to be able to do that then exit. You need adequate recovery to be able to do that, particularly if your goal is to improve strength or even muscle power as well, can be similar. Right. You mentioned the central nervous system and that rusting being important to for that your central nervous system to recover. And I'll say that for me, it's been one of the most surprising aspects of strength training in particular is how stressful it is on my central nervous system. Lifting heavy is scary to me. And I don't know, I mean, I'm sure as I become stronger, it won't be as scary because I'm more experienced. Now, I've been doing strength training now for, I would say, 11 months. So I started last February. So almost a year. And of course, I've been making my progressively getting to where I am now. But it's hard mentally on me. And I find that it's physically hard, too, for sure. But I find that, I mean, just that moment before I'm about to lift, like do a clean or, you know, squat down or deadlift or whatever it is, I'm anxious, you know, and it's very stressful for me. In fact, one of the very surprising benefits to strength training for me was the effect on my ability to handle stress throughout the day. Because I do exercise, you know, it's pretty much what I do before I, I eat and, you know, take care of my family and stuff. But then I exercise. I'm doing my strength training before I work. And I have found that doing the hardest thing for me mentally in the day, first thing in the morning, makes everything else a lot easier. And I was very surprising for me because, you know, I do a lot of stuff that's hard. And, um, boy, but again, that barbell and, and do in that clean or, you know, lifting that that really heavy weight, um, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's important again to let your central nervous system rest as well. And that is also going back to what we were talking about with, um, Lane, not be, you, if you're, if you're under a very stressed state, it's probably not the time to, to try to do your, your personal PR on lifting weights. So he meant, he and mentioned that. He says, you know, if he's has something planned for the day where he's trying to go like really maximal, like either lift a failure or set like a PR in the squat or deadlift or something and he's like stressed and he won't do it because yeah, you have to be, not only is going to raise your injury risk, but, you know, you're probably not going to be able to perform that activity because your nervous system just isn't in the state that's primed to do that. I know Lane has like posted videos and help those videos on social media where he's preparing for a lift and you see I'll psychologically amped up that he gets before doing that and like that's what you got to do because part of it, yeah, you need to be strong to lift the weight, but it's like your nervous system is contributing a lot to lifting the weight during training and trying to set like a PR attempt. So it's one of the aspects I think that of training that kind of goes, it's less talked about, but it's certainly important. I think I need to get some more loud, amping music on when I'm straight training because I don't have any on well I'm doing my strength and I'm wondering if that'll help me a little bit with being a little more mentally prepared for it. It might, or maybe some of those, the smelling salts that the lifters you. So talking about failure, that's another area that both Dr. Show and Falad and Dr. Ling Norton have discussed on the podcast in terms of, do you have to go to failure to improve your muscle strength or even mass? For a lot of, I would say a long time, a lot of people thought that going to failure was really the ultimate necessary thing to really get those gains in strength. And in fact, it seems as though at least according to a lot of the published research that have come out, Dr. Show and Falad talked about, that it's actually not necessarily, it's not necessary and also may even potentially be problematic in some cases, particularly if you're doing like a multi-joint type of exercise because you can increase your injury risk and also, as you mentioned, like, if you're going to failure, then you kind of like, if you're going to do, you can't really do another next set without, like, you're going to affect your performance. So, what were some other things that Dr. Noron and Dr. Rocheau and Falad mentioned with perspective that you're? If you're yet trained to failure, it doesn't appear to be necessary to optimize strength or hypertrophy. It appears at least pretty equal to training with a couple reps and reserve and we'll talk about what that means in a second. But so, yeah, trained to failure, it doesn't appear to be necessary. I think if you're going to train to failure, Dr. Show and Falad seem to recommend doing machine-based exercises versus on free weights because the injury risk and the risk of an accident happening is lower. If you're on a machine, you know, you can't drop weight on yourself early if you're using a machine. So, going to failure on machine-based exercises seems to be fine and on maybe the single joint exercises too, so if you're doing something like a bicep curl, okay, you can do to failure on that. But maybe not going to failure on a bicep curl back squat or something like that. Those were kind of his recommendations there. So, but in regards to then, if you're not training to failure, what should you do to kind of optimize strength, both lean and Dr. Show and Falad use this concept of reps in reserve. And so, essentially, what a reps in reserve means is you're lifting to the point of how many repetitions are you away from complete failure? So, if you are three reps in reserve, that means I do one, you know, another repetition of exercise and oh, if I did three more of these, I would fail. But I'm going to stop. I'm going to stop with three repetitions in reserve. And training with one to three reps in reserve appears to be just as good as training to failure if your goal is to maximize strength or muscle hypertrophy. So, people can kind of use that to guide your training. If you're doing one to three reps in reserve, that is a good kind of range to stop in terms of if you don't want to train to failure. One of the cool great recommendations I think from Lange Norton was that everybody trained to failure at least once. You know, maybe every training block trained to failure at least once. Because unless you train to failure, similar to like what we talked about with video to max, if you never go to failure, you don't really know what failure feels like. So, train to failure once. And then you can prescribe your training based on the reps in reserve because you sort of know what it feels like when your body really has, it doesn't have another repetition left in it. So, if you recommend the training failure at least once, but then, you know, you don't need to train to failure every time you train because one, yes, it compromises your recovery for your next session increases your injury risk, all those things. And obviously, people are free to train to failure, but it doesn't appear to be optimal or necessary to improve your strength, their hyper-trophy. What about, so when people, when you're engaging in a lot of compound lifts in particular, deadlift squats, your heart rate gets very elevated. I mean, your your your your push in like high intensity training workouts for sure. And there are some people that only strength training, only to resistance training. And they think because their heart rates getting really elevated, they're they're filling that cardiovascular aerobic exercise been because their heart rates getting elevated. But Dr. Levine came on the podcast and said, that not that really wasn't the case. Definitely not the case. So, strength training cannot be your form of cardio. I think is the too long didn't read version of that. So, yes, while it is true that your heart rate will increase when you do strength training. If you continue to strength training in compared to aerobic exercise training for one, you don't get the same improvement. So, if you do, you know, if you look at all the benefits of aerobic exercise training, that include like improvements in endothelial function, cardiovascular structure, like we talked about blood pressure, you don't get those same benefits from resistance exercise training. So, that is kind of one reason why you should do both. Why endurance runners should strength training, why strength training people should do a lot of endurance exercise training. And even Levine said, you know, he consults with NFL players football players and he recommends that everybody do some aerobic exercise training. And the reason for that, that was interesting and it's kind of rooted in, you know, the mechanisms of why heart rate increases during endurance exercise versus aerobic exercise. So, during aerobic exercise, your heart rate increases because there is an elevated metabolic demand in the muscle. And therefore, your cardiac output needs to increase to deliver more blood flow to the muscles. And that means your heart rate in your stroke volume, both increase. During strength training, though, the drive for the increase in heart rate is mainly from the autonomic nervous system. So, it's a central, driven by central command. So, if you think about, you know, if you just are here in Dr. Levine use the example where you're just clinching your fist as hard as possible or like grasping something, maybe, well, your heart rate is going to increase, but that's just due to a drive from your central nervous system. So, versus a metabolic demand increasing in the muscle or like the drive for increased blood flow during aerobic exercise. So, your heart rate increases for different reasons during strength training compared to aerobic exercise. And you don't get the cardiac adaptations from strength training that you do from aerobic exercise. So, they're not the same, they're not comparable. Yes, heart rate increases during strength training, but it is not a form of, quote, unquote, cardio or endurance aerobic exercise. It was fascinating to me to hear Dr. Levine's explanation of that and for that, basically why your heart rate elevates so much when you're doing a strength training. And especially given my anecdote, right, or I was just talking about how surprised it was how much my central nervous system was involved in strength training. I wonder if there's some connection there as well. I just had, you know, I had no idea that it was like there's so it's mentally taxing on my brain. Strength training is very much uses a lot of my, my central nervous system is very active, I guess, is the way to put it. But let's shift gears and talk a little bit about hypertrophy training, right? So, this is, there's a lot of overlap with strength training here and Dr. Shownfield on the podcast was talking about, you know, hypertrophy training. So, these are, this is the type of training that people are interested in with the goal of increasing their muscle size, their muscle mass, right? hypertrophy muscle hipperrophy. And essentially, the biggest difference that he was mentioning is the weight, right? So, you're not lifting as heavy and you're increasing the volume, right? So, you're lifting lighter and you're increasing the volume. So, typically, I mentioned with strength training people getting up to about 85% of their 1 rep max with hypertrophy training, it's more like 60 to 80% of your 1 rep max. And so, you're doing more reps rather than doing like, you know, up to 5 reps for what you'd be doing with strength training during like 6 to 10 or 12 reps. And so, this is, this is a, I would say like one of the biggest, like general principles that Dr. Shownfield talked about in the podcast with respect to training for muscle hypertrophy. Resting is also a little bit lower, like you don't have, it's not as shorter, you don't have to rest quite as long because it's not, you're not lifting as heavy. So, you're resting for 1 to maybe 2 minutes between your sets versus 2 to 5 minutes. So, that's also, it seems like a big difference. And then when it comes to like exercise selection, Dr. Shownfield mentioned, I mean, it really depends on what your interest it in, right? So, you're always, it seems best to do these multi-joint exercises, so you're doing deadlifts, you're doing squats, you're doing presses, rows, because not only are you getting gains and muscle hypertrophy, strength, you're also getting functional, you know, you're improving your functional, your function, your muscular function, and power, a lot of powers and things like squats or lunges or things that are causing you to use muscle, muscular power. Although you can get some of that with bicep curls as well. But people are, some, some guys are interested in their bigger biceps. And so, doing focusing on bicep curls obviously would be something that they'd be interested in. For myself, I do a lot of compound exercises with, you know, some bicep curls and tricep kickbacks and stuff as well. But the majority of my training is definitely compound exercises. Yeah, I think with regard to order and exercise selection, I mean, you think somebody like Dr. Brad Shownfield would be very hyper focused on, you need to pick the perfect order and the perfect exercise to optimize hypertrophy and, you know, him being an experienced lifter and bi-builder, physique competitor himself. But he really seemed unconcerned with it. And, you know, when he was really talking about it, it goes, I think this goes back to focusing on execution rather than perfection. He just says, the muscles that you want to get bigger, train those first, and then train the muscles that you aren't as concerned about growing afterwards. And same thing with exercise selection. There are lots of exercises that could target the muscles that you might want to grow bigger. So whether you choose a squad or a deadlift or a leg extension, you know, it might not matter. Just make sure to, if you want your legs to grow, then do like exercises and make sure you're getting the quality sets and reps and time under tension for those muscle groups. And really don't just get focused on the kind of nuances, maybe. Obviously, there are people who are interested in that. But when thinking about what exercises to do, what order do them in, it seemed pretty straightforward. Just focus on what you want to get larger, do those exercises first and then kind of everything then comes after. Yeah, it's pretty straightforward. I like that. You know, like it's not, it's not a very complicated concept to understand. There are lots of different types of exercises and people can choose the ones that they enjoy the most and that are going to obviously, you know, help them grow, but also reduce their injury risk of using machines versus free weights. He didn't seem to be concerned with that either. And even cited some meta-analysi showing, you know, can you is a hypertrophy better with machines or free weights? Seems to be equal. So I think that goes to show that you can do their multiple paths to hypertrophy and you can choose whether you prefer to do through weights or machines. Doesn't seem to not much. I think the one question I wish I'd asked him back then when I wasn't engaged in so much of resistance training was yes, hypertrophy, but, you know, functional independence, right? Like reducing fall risk being able to get in and out of a chair. I wonder how much of that you're going to get with machines versus doing Olympic lifting or like a squat, deadlift, things like that with a barbell. And I don't know, I think I maybe talked a little bit about this with Lane and I don't, I think he said you might get a little bit more bang for your buck with using like a barbell or doing, you know, a squat with a barbell versus like a, is it a hack squat? But at the end of the day, if you are increasing your muscle strength in your muscle mass, you're definitely going to be reducing your fall risk as well. So yeah, exactly. I think it makes a little bit of sense if you really are focused on the, quote, quote, functional training to do, you know, maybe more stuff with free weights that moving natural movements, but like you said, if you're getting stronger, if it's on or even if it's on a machine, then you're getting stronger and that's going to help you within functional independence activities. Yeah, you need to do what you like. Which are going to be consistent with, I mean, that's like paramount, right? The most important thing. Training for body composition. So Dr. Showenfell, Dr. Ling Norton, both of them talked quite a bit about training for body composition on a podcast. And so a lot of people are interested in losing fat and simultaneously gaining muscle. So body recomposition. And Dr. Showenfell talked about, and this is a common thing with weight loss in general. So when people are on a weight loss diet, which most the time involves caloric restriction to some degree, they end up losing some muscle mass, right? It's not just fat that's being lost. And he started a study that even up to 30% of the weight that's lost can come from muscle or lean body mass. So I think that's important to consider because if you're not engaging in some form of resistance training, then you are at a higher risk for losing muscle, even though you may be losing fat. And so I think there's a variety of take-home's here that we're talked about on the podcast in terms of like the best sort of template to follow with respect to body recomposition. So obviously engaging in resistance training. Number one, right? Yeah. Engaging in resistance training. If you're losing weight and you don't resist trained, you're going to lose lean body mass. So engaging in resistance training ideally through times per week. If your goal was body recomposition, which means you either want to maintain your lean mass or increase it, probably. You need to engage in resistance training through times, for probably you can lift pretty heavy, probably with a focus on more hypertrophy, based training versus strength-based training. So that was obviously there one recommendation and it was above all else. It's like resistance training. So second of all though is if you do want to lose a little bit of fat, you'll probably will have to eat in a caloric deficit. And you don't want it to be too drastic though because I think similar to not engaging in resistance training, if you drastically cut calories too much while you're trying to attain body recomposition, you risk losing more lean mass. So you want kind of a more conservative weight loss approach, maybe a one to two pounds a week. And to do that, Dr. Show and Feld recommended eating 10 to 20 percent below your maintenance calories. That was kind of his recommendation there. Maybe you're increasing your exercise more so your deficit might be a little a little bit less, but it might not call you to actually need to eat less because you're exercising more. So the 10 to 20 percent kind of reduction in calories. And then protein intake was a super large focus of all of their recommendations. They emphasized eating you know anywhere from 2.2 grams per kilogram of body weight per day, which would be one gram per pound or even more. You know if your goal is to gain muscle. And that is key because eating protein a higher protein diet tends to have a few benefits. So not only the lean mass maintenance benefits that come with protein, but it also has a thermogenic effect. So protein you know when you eat a higher protein diet, it kind of calls you to body to increase its calorie burn for digestive purposes, which may lead to a slightly greater calorie deficit. And then satiety as well, laying talked a lot of it about this, eating higher protein diet may help with satiety to help you kind of eat less throughout the day. Again, some people don't have to go of weight loss so that might not be a concern. But if you're if you're eating for body recovery, composition and are aiming for that flight calorie deficit, all of those things tend to help improve that. So those were kind of some of their core recommendations for body recomposition. And I think the key takeaway was that it is possible to lose fat and gain muscle at the same time. It's going to depend on your baseline body composition. You know, if you're already 10% body fat and you know it might be a little bit harder to do body recomp. But if you have some weight to lose, our new order resistance training, this can certainly be accomplished. It doesn't require doing one, you know, losing a lot of weight and then building up a lot of muscle. You could do both at the same time. I think the other thing that Lane had mentioned is that, you know, most people don't even really know how many calories they're eating in a day, which is so true. You know, so you kind of have to be able to track that at least for a couple of days and get an average to know how much to cut out. Right. And then again, if you want to like, if you're going to increase them on a protein, you know, making sure it's not really fatty protein either. Right. Like, this is where something like protein powder comes in, it's very handy because you can increase that protein without a lot of calories, right, as well. Right. Sleep too was one of the things Lane also mentioned. He started a study showing that if you don't get enough sleep, it actually will hamper your gains in lean mass loss and it can make a kind of body fat loss a little bit more stubborn. So harder. So if you're not sleeping enough, while you're training, you're not going to gain as much lean masses you could and you're not going to lose as much fat as you could. So focusing on that recovery aspect, that aspect of sleep, stress management, all of those things would be important as well and not just for body recomposition, but you know, that's was one of the key principles. Yeah, sleep is important for brain health. Your immune system, I mean, just cardiovascular health, everything. Hopefully people are aware of that. By now, it's their not. I think another aspect that a lot of people are interested in and certainly myself is time efficient protocols for resistance training. And this is certainly like we were talking about time efficient protocols for aerobic exercise and high intensity and we're training you being at the top of the list there. Dr. Sheoenfeld has actually published a couple of studies on time efficiency and how to be efficient with your resistance training workout. He talked about it on podcast. I really liked a few of the principles that he had covered going back again to multi-joint exercises. They are the most time efficient. You are going to be training multiple muscle groups at once. So squats, deadlifts, lunges, rose presses. Those are really great types of exercises to do if you are pressed for time. And then he also talked about using supersets and drop sets. And so this is something I also use in my workout. Super sets are typically when you are engaging back to back different exercises that are working different muscle groups without any rest. And so you're doing back to back one. So for example, you're doing bicep curls and then you, after your bicep curls, you go straight into tricep kickbacks, then you go into lateral raises or frontal raises and you go back to then you hammer curls and then you go back to the some sort of tricep kick and you're doing them like back to back. So those are the supersets and you really get fatigued. And it is a very time efficient whether you can get a really good workout in 10 minutes. Doing 10 minutes, nonstop, just switching switching from muscle group to muscle group during these super sets as well. And then drop sets is another type of training that involves basically, I do a lot of drop sets on the tail end of my strength training. So it involves like reducing the load and then performing another set, you increase the volume. You reduce the load and increase the volume and then you perform another set back to back. So let's say you did a squat workout, strength training squat workout. You then drop the weight way down, you're at like 60% of your one rep max and then you do 10 of those rest for a minute and then 10 again. So that would be an example of drop sets. And that's also and there's a lot of different ways you can do drop sets. I just talked about the way I do it. Dr. Sean fell talked about a variety of other ways to do it. We also cover that in the guide as well. But I do think that's another really time efficient way to involve engage in resistance training. And then you can combine a lot of different types of training, right? So you can do your strength training and then do some hypertrophy training within that same exercise session. You can avoid a lot of warming up. In fact, the warm-up rather than like stretching for like doing all these stretches where you're like, I don't know is this really that important? Maybe you can stretch for like three minutes, four minutes or whatever or less. And then you're warming up is actually just like progressively loading. Right? So you're like, I said, you do body weight squats or you do your squat with the barbell and then you get to your weight. You're like the much more productive way to warm-up because you're actually warming up your muscles. Yeah, just do the exercise that you're going to perform but either unweighted or you know with a very lightweight. If you're going to do a bench press, your warm-up could just be just doing the bar for 15, 20 sets, 20 reps or whatever. Um, ing-in fact, static stretching has compared to dynamic stretching actually because there's to have no performance benefit if anything is detrimental. So standing there and doing, you know, your little arm exercises that's actually hurting your performance. So just like unweight the bar and do some reps. If you're mimicking to exercise, you're going to do it's a dynamic hormone about better for you to be much better for sure. Was there any other time efficient protocols that were important? Yeah, I think Dr. Showingfeld did cite a study on these sort of micro resistance training workouts where people performed 15 minutes of resistance training six to eight times per week versus say doing the same resistance training, same volume, same exercises, three to four times a week for say, you know, 30 to 40 minutes. They achieved the same level of strength and high-pricut, yeah, I can't remember what was exactly measured in that study, but so you can kind of do these micro workouts. So maybe you have a small window to exercise every single day of the week, not much time, but you could just do 15 minutes of resistance exercise. Okay, well, delegate out your different kind of exercises, maybe do just bench press one day and leg extension one day and, you know, every day do something. It seems, maybe that's not the most efficient, but some people with that fits into your schedule, it seems to produce kind of a similar level of strength and gains to three or four like longer duration sessions. So that could be another time efficient way and you could also do cardio or cardio and strength training or high-intensity interval training on the same day. So, you know, again, you might be even more warmed up if you do a 60-minute zone two session and then go to the gym and get your strength training in or do your Norwegian 4x4 and do some strength training afterwards. I think depending on your goal, might determine the order of those, so if you really are focused on aerobic training and then strength training a second, so someone like me, I'm going to do my long run and then I'm going to do strength training versus the other way around because that strength training is going to get in the way of the quality of my run if I do it beforehand. Whereas some people who strength focus might want to do strength training and then end with cardio because their goal is strength, not the endurance exercise session. So, I think that should probably determine your order, but doing those on the same day could be time efficient. As for the whole like interference effect, people sometimes get worried about like, oh, it is doing aerobic exercise on the strength training gig and to compromise my gains due to the molecular interference of the different signals that govern like endurance, adaptations and strength. That whole thing has been kind of dismissed. There's not any really such thing. It only occurs if you're obviously compromising the quality of your sessions by doing them both on the same day. But yeah, combining cardio and strength, this can definitely be compatible and with it to be time efficient with your exercise. I think if anything, Dr. Schroenfeld talked about, there might even be a benefit you combining because the increased blood flow to muscle, you're getting more nutrients there, you're getting more oxygen. So it actually proves recovery time it decreases the amount of time you need to recover. So you might even get some benefits there as well. So the micro sets is it's funny that I forgot that one because my husband does, so he does a lot of that type of resistance training work. He does a lot of micro sets throughout the week and it really does depend on someone's schedule and what suits them best as well. But it's nice to have all these options. And I think it is kind of is a good segue into the minimum amount of time required in quotes to basically get some strength and hypertrophy benefits. And I think Dr. Schroenfeld talked a little bit about this as well. Yeah, two times per week, 30 minutes at a time seems to be compatible with maintaining or even building strength. He cited multiple studies and even recently they have published a couple showing that just engaging in resistance training, two times per week, 30 minutes. That seems to be probably the bare minimum if you want to maintain or increase your muscle strength. And then obviously you can work out from there based on kind of what your goals are. But I think three times per week is probably optimal. And then really if you're someone wanting to build a lot of strength through your performance oriented athlete doing four to five days per week. But yeah, I think it's great to hear especially for someone like me who doesn't do a ton of strength training and needs to do more that you can really do a lot in two sessions per week. But obviously that means during those two sessions if you're just going to do them. You don't be on your phone a ton of the time you probably want to do supersets. You probably want to do some drop sets to kind of make the most of that. But two, two times per week, 30 minutes at a time seems to be enough. So if people are really concerned with that time efficiency you can accomplish a lot in that. And then you also mentioned the micro dosing of the milk. And so it doesn't necessarily have to be two, 30 minute sessions. You can do that. The more sessions of like 10 or 15 minutes sessions that you're doing multiple times as long as the total time is the same. Yes, exactly. So again, all of this is in our Hadetrain Guide. You can find all these protocols and information down below that copy Hadetrain Guide.com. We're going to move on to the last section that is covered in our guide. And this really sort of supplemental to the exercise protocols. We're going to cover a lot of supplemental protocols like deliberate heat exposure. For example, using a sauna, some nutrition, protein, intake, and then also some supplements like omega-3 fatty acids and creatine. So starting with deliberate heat exposure, drawing from some of the leading experts in this area of sauna research, Dr. Yari Laukenen being one of the world's experts on how this sauna is affecting cardiovascular health. I've had them on the podcast many years ago. And he is published just numerous studies on how this sauna affects cardiovascular rate fitness, how it's affecting blood pressure, cardiac compliance, arterial compliance, just a lot of different cardiovascular health parameters. And his research has shown in a couple different ways. So there's been observational data showing people that exercise and use the sauna have a lower all-cosm mortality than people that exercise and don't use the sauna. But he's also done some interventional studies where he's taken two groups of people and put them on an exercise protocol, aerobic exercise on a stationary bike. And then only half of that group then went into a sauna after the exercise and he measured cardiovascular risk pre-fitness and found that people that use the sauna in addition to aerobic exercise improve their cardiovascular risk pre-fitness even more than people that only did the exercise. And there were other cardiovascular metabolic parameters that were also improved. cholesterol was improved blood pressure was improved more as well. So it seems as though adding the sauna in addition to an exercise routine is another way to improve some cardiovascular metabolic endpoints and also cardiovascular risk pre-fitness. There's also some endurance benefits as well. Something that I've talked about before and the podcast in fact you Brady use the sauna in your exercise protocol. I do and a lot of the ask to do with some of the research that you've talked about in that Dr. Lauken and his published. So I informed kind of my strategy based on this not only the study show that you can improve your view to max additionally by using the sauna but it also improves your exercise performance not only in the heat, which kind of of a sense here's in the sauna you're becoming more heat acclimated but it also improves your performance just in normal weather or not hot weather I guess is you would call it. So I integrate that in my training not only just do I like the sauna for the cardiovascular benefits in the brain benefits. Now after reading these studies kind of hearing you talk about it I think you know it makes sense to use it. So about three times for week two to three times per week I'll try to get into the sauna immediately or within five to ten minutes of finishing one of my runs. So all you know do my run from the gym I don't have a sauna at home but I have one at the gym that I use and I'll finish my run I'll get right into the sauna for another 20 to 30 minutes. Those seems to be the protocols used in many of the studies they do typically a 20 minute sauna bath afterwards. So I'll get right in there try to keep it so that my heart rate is like staying a little bit elevated from the end of the run into the sauna. So I think of it as a way to sort of extend that cardio session a little bit um that endurance training session because when you're in the sauna you know my heart rate might not be as high as it was when I was running 130-40-50 beats per minute but it'll be 110 maybe at the end of the sauna. So I use that as a strategy again one because it feels good and I just like it but to to gain maybe some additional benefits to that endurance exercise training session. I do the same I get in the sauna after both aerobic exercise training as well as doing my strength training resistance training exercise you know and a lot of the the data that Dr. Lalkmanan as published has been observational data looking at people that are routinely using this sauna and the effects of that on cardiovascular related mortality all cause mortality and it seems as though like the minimum effect of dose to get some benefits it's really two times a week of sun use. If you get up to four times a week then you're really getting maximum benefits of 47 times a week people are getting reductions up to 50% in their cardiovascular related mortality 40% related to reductions in their all cause mortality and this sauna doesn't have to be so hot. I mean this isn't like the 200 and something degree temperatures that you often hear people cite that they're using. In fact I think that's a little bit too hot. I mean these people are using a hundred on average 175 degrees Fahrenheit often there is a little bit of a humidity you know 30 up to 30% humidity as well but they're in there for about 20 minutes and so I find it it is nice to get in get into the sauna after a workout and extend that sort of aerobic exercise mimicking capacity a little bit further. Another area that using to liberate heat exposure could be beneficial is combining it with resistance training or even using it during perhaps an injury when you're not able to workout and I would say a lot of this evidence is preliminary and more needs to be done but going off the preliminary evidence and just knowing that there's benefits for cardiovascular health as well. Why wouldn't you? There has been at least some preliminary evidence in one small study that people that got in this sauna after the resistance training protocol increased signaling molecules that are involved and a ball exceedingly molecules that are involved in muscle hypertrophy there's also been another trial in humans that underwent I mean it was experiments that are done where they mobilized a muscle for a period of time and they look at atrophy after that right? Disuse atrophy is what it's called and it seems as though heat exposure at least at the local level in this in this regard for the study people that had the heat exposure were about almost 40% less likely to lose their they lost 40% less of their muscle mass which is quite a bit so a lot of potential reasons there heat shock proteins have been shown to be activated a lot of disuse atrophy studies done in animal models with heat exposure and then you're getting a variety of endocrine effects as well growth hormone is elevated when you get in the sauna and that can have aspects for recovery as well so there's a lot of reasons to to combine deliberate heat exposure with also resistance training workout and I would say that is not the case for deliberate cold exposure yeah and in fact I think a lot of the evidence would suggest the opposite lately where getting in cold immediately after resistance exercise in particular seems to blunt some of the hypertropic event of it benefits there's a lot of press about those studies now where it's like of away the cold after your resist is training workout so yeah it makes sense to really embrace the heat not only for recovery but for the inabolic potential the endurance exercise benefits I think you know the the animal like potential is interesting because you know I don't know if again if there are any studies out there showing greater hypertrophy after using heat but like you said with the heat shock protein all the mechanisms kind of make sense and so there was recently like a review paper that just came out that will need to probably read and maybe write about on that because I think it's heat is becoming kind of embraced and yeah again the cold maybe not something to do around your resistance exercise sessions right and I and Dr Luke Van Lune who was a guest on the podcast as well had done some he has done some research on that in fact showed that doing deliberate cold exposure like a cold bath immediately after resistance training workout does blunt hypertrophy I mean so that's yeah muscle muscle proteins synthesis all goes down if you get in the cold right afterwards so something to avoid probably kind of going back struggling back to the disused atrophy you know that's something that's obviously very relevant for people if they're injured or perhaps they're traveling somewhere and they don't have the same they're not they're working their muscles out the same way that they usually do and so there's a there's a there's a there's a case to to be made you know where it's like okay well I'm not going to be engaging my muscles as much and you're kind of like you don't use it you lose it right and this is where a supplement that I'm I'm quite fond of for a variety of reasons Omega 3 fatty acids seem to be beneficial so Dr Chris McGlorie came on the podcast and talked about some of his research using high dose Omega 3's was about five grams a day which is a little bit higher than what is prescribed for some people for different cardio metabolic reasons was able to prevent or cut disused atrophy almost by 50% in in this case it was in women so Omega 3 fatty acids might be another sort of tool for recovery right I'm used during perhaps illness injury I think they should be used every day there's a lot of benefits cardiovascular benefits as well anti inflammatory benefits again going down to the recovery and Omega 3 fatty acids being beneficial for inflammation for for someone like yourself it might even more useful right where you're really running you're running what 20 or 20 hours a week almost there's a lot of stress on your muscles and a lot of inflammatory cytokines and molecules that are generated during that kind of trading and you know the heart too I think it was maybe something that you had posted but I think there was a study showing Omega 3 fatty acids could prevent some of the cardiac injury biomarkers after endurance starting or after downhill running so yeah I look at some of those studies and I mean I do take Omega 3 myself I think I take two grams per day so maybe I need to out my dose to three to five grams per day based on some of this research here but yeah I think cardiac stuff too you know I think makes sense to take that for recovery purposes for sure yeah I think it was a three grams a day in a decrease the trope and in levels that that are which is a marker of your cardiac stress okay so we we're we're also going to kind of transition to some of the nutritional aspects of this guide starting with protein which is probably like I guess the most important when it comes to muscle mass muscle hypertrophy anything in all things muscle doctor Stuart Phillips was on the podcast Dr Brad shown fellow talked quite a bit about protein intake doctor Luke Van Loone Dr Langnor and quite a few experts have been on talking about the importance of protein intake how the RDA for protein which is 0.8 grams per kilogram body weight does not appear to be enough for maintaining muscle mass particularly if you are engaging in resistance training in fact Stuart Phillips was a author on a study that was a meta analysis of multiple randomized controlled trials that found that people that on average were taking in about 1.2 grams of protein per kilogram body weight and we're engaged in a resistance training protocol if they up that to about 1.6 grams per kilogram they had a 27% increase in muscle mass and a 10% increase in muscle strength compared to people that were resistance training but only during the 1.2 grams per kilogram body weight so a protein intake so I think that's a pretty easy lever we can pull in terms of increasing our muscle mass and strength with not as much effort right takes a lot of effort to lift weights but to increase your protein intake isn't quite much effort yeah but I think something to note there too is that while they all while you know Stuart Phillips and Brad Joemfeld and you know every basically all the experts who we put evidence for into the sky they recommended these protein intakes quoted that it was very important but all of them really emphasized that nothing kind of compares to the resistance training so yeah protein intake is important but if you're not resistance training you're kind of really missing out on that aspect so I think protein intake can be seen as kind of necessary but not sufficient for muscle growth you know you can't just even more protein and get bigger you know you gotta do the training but so but it is certainly important and I think totally protein intake was one of the things that stood out as that is the most important factor when it comes to if people have questions about how much or when do I eat it or how much or how do I distribute it totally protein intake that seems to be the most important thing so just making sure you're getting enough during the day but two things that you know we're also talked about we're regarding protein distribution so in that refers to you know timing and distribution I guess is how we could phrase it so when teach your protein particularly maybe with regards to exercise and then how to distribute it throughout the day regarding timing there's this concept known as the anabolic window and this was kind of an earlier idea where it was once thought that you know after you ended your resistance training session you need to consume protein immediately afterwards otherwise you would sacrifice your gain so if you didn't protein within 30 minutes after finishing resistance training then you were leaving gains on the table you weren't going to grow as strong you weren't going to grow as big doctor Brad showed and felt I really liked what he said about that he refers to it more as an anabolic barn door so it's just a lot larger than you know the 30 minutes that was kind of once thought you know you don't need to eat immediately after your train now that's not to say that you can't I mean in fact I think if you have the opportunity to you should it makes sense to eat as quickly after your exercise sessions possible because your your muscles are more sensitive to amino acids at that point so yes eat a meal have some protein immediately after resistance training if you can if you have the way to do three hours it's probably you're still going to be okay in fact there was just a recent study that came out that showed delaying protein intake versus immediately after they both lead dissimilar gains and hypertrophy and strength so you know if as long as you're getting enough throughout the day you don't need to be that concerned with the timing it right around exercise so that seemed to be one of the key takeaways and people you may not need to be as stressed about that when they're thinking about their protein timing and then protein distribution was another thing that Luke Van Lune discussed a lot in terms of what is optimal so is it optimal you know if you want to eat two meals per day with two very large doses of protein is that worse or better than consuming three to four evenly spaced meals throughout the day based on you know muscle protein synthesis data that Luke Van Lune cited it seems to be optimal to eat three to four protein-containing meals containing you know 25 to 30 grams or more throughout the day evenly spaced um that's for optimizing muscle protein synthesis does it if you're to be better for muscle gain maybe not but it in theory kind of would produce greater gains due to the greater muscle protein synthesis response but he also said that you know if you're just a two meal per day person or even a one meal per day person you know if you want to eat a hundred grams or protein at once that can be digested absorbed use for muscle protein synthesis they published a kind of popular study recently showing that but it certainly doesn't seem to be ideal so if regarding protein distribution evenly distributed protein during the day appears to be optimal secondary obviously to to getting enough protein throughout the day yeah it this this all this information and more I recently covered in an episode on the science of protein um for those of you that haven't checked it out make sure you check it out if you're interested in protein and the effects of protein on aging, muscle mass, strength all all things considered definitely check that out I kind of want to move lastly to the the last sort of aspect in our in the training guide and that has to with creatine supplementation and Dr. Stuart Phillips and also Dr. Lane Norton both mentioned creatine as one of their top tier supplements that they take lots and lots of evidence on safety and efficacy I take it you take it maybe you can talk a little bit about you know just summarize briefly for people what are some of the benefits of creatine supplementation how people should start dose you know some of the best practices I think creatine I feel like it's probably like one of the most popular or supplements these days and everybody is taking it or if they're not they probably should be due to the the evidence that's coming out so yeah creatine um it you know it's something that we get from the diet but that you can supplement with it to get more regarding you know how much you should take I think that currently the recommendations and you know based on what Dr. Stuart Phillips and Llanorton and other said taking five to ten grams per day appears to be the optimal dose if you're a bit larger you could maybe you know take 10 to 15 but even five grams per day after a while will probably saturate your muscle creatine stores especially if you're consuming a lot of meat which does contain creatine too so you're getting some from your diet and supplementing so it regards to how to dose uh there was one thought that you had to do this loading dose when you started supplementing so you take 20 grams per day for a week and then you go down to a maintenance dose of five to ten grams per day indefinitely that right the loading dose isn't necessarily recommended anymore it's pretty much just start taking five to ten grams per day tomorrow and never stop it so the loading does doesn't appear to be optimal unless for some reason you need to get your muscle creatine stores up you know in the next few days thinking you need to take a loading dose but for most people that doesn't appear to be important so it's pretty easy supplement to take it it doesn't matter what time of day you take it because it doesn't have the acute benefits so just find a time during the day when it works it makes sense to take it take five to ten grams and just continue to take it it seems to have benefits for muscle performance and building strength obviously that's kind of well we're the main benefits are probably most evidence and it was thought of as being like this body building strength supplement which it obviously is so it allows you to train harder which then allows you to build more strength and muscle mass but I think there's a lot of evidence coming out that it might be good for older adults to take for muscle strength as well for endurance athletes it probably makes sense for them to take it and then there's a lot of stuff coming out about creatine in the brain for you know during sleep deprivation so just a lot of evidence that it's good to take their period of you very few side effects it's very safe and all of the myths I think Stu was talking about some of the myths regarding hair loss or kidney health and laying even said some of those and none of those really appear to be valid um creatine is well studied and so it's something that most people can combat if it from and it's again pretty pretty simple to take it's just by creatine model hydrate take five to ten grams per day and just continue to take it after about a month or so that's kind of when the benefits might start to appear because that's when your muscle stores are saturated. I take about five grams a day. Yeah as do I take five grams per day I have a bit experimenting with taking ten grams per day on the weekend for no reason I run longer on those days so I just am like oh maybe for recovery purposes just take ten grams it's just something I'm trying but yeah usually on five grams per day. I thought about experimenting with ten grams of this you just there I mean it's hard to sometimes notice differences subtle differences like that especially when you're taking so many other things and doing so many other things right but I've also thought about kind of increasing the dose just to see like oh can I lift a little bit heavier is it? Is it gonna affect affect my ass strength as well? Yeah it might be worth trying out. I think one more thing about creatine to notice that like I think people are concerned Stu Phillips mentioned he doesn't take it all the time and that if he goes on vacation he might just like not take it because it's not important it doesn't appear that after you stop taking it your stores will still say saturated for about like one or two weeks so like if you go on vacation or and forget your creatine then just like eat more steak maybe on vacation and supplement when you come back. Yeah that's good to know yeah I've definitely not taking it on vacation before especially because my my containers like this big of it. The TSA also might think it's like they might be get a little bit skeptical due to how it looks. I know I know I often wonder that some pimps on I'm allocating like powders and stuff I'm like oh is this gonna get my bag flat? That is to say all of this wonderful information, real useful practical information protocols everything can be found in the how to train according to the experts guide you can pause now download that at how to train guide.com wonderful training guide that Brady was a big part and working on. Thank you so much Brady for sitting down first of all for working on the guide and for sitting down with me to discuss it. I do want to plug your your book you have VO2 Maxest Centrals you also have a sub-steck page you can tell people about and you're a very active on Twitter X. I follow you there you post a lot of really great stuff on exercise physiology so maybe you can tell people where to to follow you up on on those platforms. Yeah thanks Rhonda. So view to Maxest Centrals is just the book that I self-published you can get it on Amazon and sub-steck I write kind of like a weekly newsletter based on you know studies and health exercise nutrition kind of whatever I find interesting that week it's physiologically speaking I kind of put some of a difficult name but people should be able to find that and then on X I am just a B underscore Homer HOL M.E.R. so people can find me on there it's where I'm most active and posting a lot about you know topic similar to what we talked about today. Awesome all right well thank you so much Brady. Yes thanks Rhonda this is great. Thanks so much for listening to today's episode nearly 80% of you watching right now are not subscribed. In my YouTube videos I emphasize excellence and as a result I don't release episodes all that often. So please subscribe and click the bell to get notified when we release a new episode. I'll see you next time.