Welcome back, everyone. I'm really excited to be sitting here with Dr. Morgan Levine, who is an assistant professor at Yale. Her research focuses on understanding the science of aging. She uses biomephorematics to quantify the aging process using something called epigenetic aging clocks, which we are going to talk about in great detail today. Her research really aims to understand the underlying mechanisms that drive the aging process with the hope of potentially testing interventions, whether they're lifestyle or pharmacologic, that can perturb the aging process. And I say perturb, I mean, maybe slow. So she's also a principal investigator at Altost Labs, which is a new biotech company that also aims to understand the underlying mechanisms that drive the aging process. Again, with the hope of possible having interventions that could slow aging. So, again, I'm super excited to be here. It's really great to meet you in person. I've been following your research over the years. You were a postdoctoral training in one of my favorite scientists, Dr. Steve Horbeth, his lab, and we've had him on the podcast, talking about epigenetic aging clocks. Before, so I was thinking to start this off, we could start talking about aging more as a concept. And maybe you can explain to people, how a differentiate between age as a number. So chronological aging versus biological aging, phenotypic aging, and functional aging. Yeah, so I think even in the field of aging, there isn't a good definition for what, where we're actually talking about when we're saying we're working on aging. I think most people in the public think of aging in terms of just chronological time. So whatever age or driver's license says or your passport, but really what we care about is the thing that we would call biological aging or even phenotypic or functional aging. And that is all the changes that your body undergo as a function of this time, usually. So aging in our society is a kind of a negative connotation, but it's not the years you've been alive. It's actually the problem. It's kind of how your body has changed over that time. And not everyone's body changes in the same degree or at the same pace. So that's the really important thing. Is can we figure out what's changed, how that's cano effect your risk of disease, your functioning ability, or any of these things? So as you mentioned, we can talk about this in terms of biological age. So we can measure it in terms of molecules and cells, how those have changed in your body. We talk about maybe phenotypic or functional, which I think is kind of how the stuff you can feel in seeing your body are you able to run a mile as quickly as you used to or get up a flight of stairs. And these are the things that people actually worry about losing over their life course. And it's really important to try and quantify these. So we can understand what drives these changes and potentially how you would slow that, or hopefully some people are interested in even reverse it. As you mentioned, people do think about chronologically age often. For me, when I think about aging, I often will think about functional aging. I think it's more personal for me. I'm worried about becoming demented or losing my cognitive function or as you said, I'm not able to walk as well. I'm just physically declining. But as a scientist, biological aging is much more interesting because it's more fundamental, would you agree? Yeah, and it's really where we think it all starts. So we kind of take a perspective of what we would consider these biological levels of organization. So you have all the molecules and atoms in your body that kind of feed into cells that make up tissues that make up whole-organ systems and then the whole organism. And we think the aging process all these changes are starting at these lower levels. So you have changes in molecules and cells. But we don't see that until you feel it at these higher levels until you feel weaker muscles or you're not thinking as well as you used to. And that's really once it's reached a certain level. But if we talk about understanding what's driving these and where to intervene, you have to do it at the lower levels. If you want to affect all those things that we see and feel every day. So there's some pretty well-defined hallmarks of aging. And as you know, these are things like genomic instability, telomere, shortening, cellular senescence might a conjure this function, epigenetic alterations, nutrient sensing problems or dysfunction, stem cell depletion. So there's quite a few of these hallmarks that are sort of accepted within most of the scientific community as the drive, to gather seem to drive the aging process in a way, as you mentioned at the molecular level, cellular level. I'm sort of curious what your thoughts are on what some of the major, what you think, some of the major drivers of aging are, caveats included, or why it's important to really understand what those drivers do the aging are. Yeah, I think there's a big push in the field to figure out what's causal in aging. What are the things that are changing that are really pushing this aging process in driving all the other changes? And I don't think we have a good idea about that. You know, what's actually causal verse just correlated that's just an outcome of aging that we can observe. In my lab, we're really interested in epigenetics. And that's mostly because I think of the epigenetic system as the operating system of a cell. So most of the cells in your body have essentially the same DNA, but what makes something a neuron or brain cell or a skin cell is the epigenetic program. So it gives a cell's the ability to respond to stress. It gives an almost their kind of physical form. And all of the things that they are supposed to do, the problem is that this program gets completely rewritten with aging. And we don't know exactly why, whether it's errors, or whether it's just the program kind of having glitches along the way. But we think that this then produces cells that are not adapting correctly to their environment or maybe doing things they shouldn't be doing. And potentially, this is something we think might cause aging, although there's still some debate on whether it's truly causal in the aging process. And I would say no one really knows yet what the true causes are. Can you, since your research really does focus on the epigenetic alterations, can you explain to people what epigenetic aging clocks are? Yep, generally speaking. And then maybe we can get into some of the differences between the first generation, epigenetic aging clocks or the earthquake clock, and then second generation, like Levine, or a few new age of the time. So we also call them Grim age. So, yep, absolutely. So there are a bunch of different types of epigenetic modifications, but the type that these clocks are based on is something called CPG methylation or DNA methylation. And really what that means is you can look across one strand of DNA, and we know we have ACG and T. But you have these regions which we call CPG sites. And that's where you basically just have a C right next to a G. And these tend to be located in specific regulatory regions of the genome. But what happens is the CPGs can become methylated. Some of them are supposed to be methylated from the beginning. But what we find with aging is that the ones that we expect to have methylation lose methylation with aging, and the ones that shouldn't have methylation gain methylation with aging. And the methylation in this is basically turning on our off different parts of your genome. So when you have methylation, we can essentially assume that part is repressed. So that wherever it is in the genome is not accessible, you're not expressing the genes in that region. First, when you remove the methylation, we consider this more an active region. So epigenetic clocks look across either hundreds or hundreds of thousands of these sites. And just say, does the pattern of whether you have methylation or not resemble someone of a given age typically? So we would say, oh, your pattern looks like someone who is 40 years old, even though maybe your 50 years old chronologically. And what we find is that kind of difference is biologically meaningful. What do you think the major advantages of using these epigenetic aging clocks are in terms of their use? Yeah. Yeah. So people have been really interested in this idea of quantifying biological aging or estimating biological aging. Because again, chronologically, just an imperfect proxy of this process that we're actually that we actually care about, that is why people get diseases when they get older, why people die when they get older. So if you can actually quantify the process as best as possible, it's better than chronologically age. But there's been some disagreement on the types of data, or the types of markers that you could use to do that. Some people think we should look at just clinical markers and those are useful. But for me, the exciting thing about epigenetic clocks and measuring DNA methylation for this is that you can use the exact same clock across almost any tissue type and almost any cell types. So I can compare aging in, again, skin to aging and brain, using the exact same measure. And I don't think there's any other type of biomarker that you could do that with. What about the differences in these clocks with respect to the original horde of clocking and you can see that you're about versus the one that you develop with your mentor or Steve Horbath with respect to phenotypcaging and the tip of age clock at grim age, like what are some of the major differences in those clocks in terms of their predictive power? Yep. So the original clocks were used. So when you develop these clocks or train these clocks, we use machine learning. So we're usually trying to predict something. So you take all your methylation dating, say, how can I predict whatever this is? And the original clocks use chronological age. So the idea is, can I look at methylation and predict someone's chronological age? And so, again, that's kind of this idea of the pattern of someone who's this age. But we know, again, chronological age is an imperfect proxy of this process for actually trying to quantify. So with the second generation clocks the one that we published in 2018 was the first example as we said, oh, can we come up with a better thing to try and kind of tune these measures to? So in that case, we used kind of normal lab tests that we combined into a measure that was predictive of mortality and then we trained a predictor of those lab tests. And similar thing was done with the grim age clock where they took these different proteins and they trained predictors of that and then trained the predictor of mortality. So we think that something that captures mortality or health span or kind of physiological decline is going to be a better thing to tune these clocks to than just chronological age. How do these epigenetic age and clocks more, I think, more specifically, the second generation ones that the pheno age one that you mentioned or the grim age, compare to measuring biological age to be some of these clinical biomarkers, so HB and one C, your cholesterol, lung function, like the classical things that people are measuring to measure biological age. And of course, I think a similar question would be also mortality risk as well. How do they compare in terms of their predicted power in the second generation? So if you're measuring the epigenetic clock in blood, I would actually say that they're on par with not the individual clinical lab tests. So they're going to be more predictive than if I just look at HB A1C or just like a cholesterol. But we can also combine these clinical tests into a single kind of risk measure, which is what we do with pheno age. And then I would say they're actually on par with that. The advantage of epigenetic clocks is, again, you can get a different measure for different tissues or cells in your body. So the blood test, these clinical tests, you'll get one measure, one biological age measure out of them. But for the epigenetic clocks, we can measure your skins, age, or if you had a biopsy, you can measure different organs age. So even though people usually just use a men's blood, they have a lot more potential just to compare kind of how different organs systems are aging. A kind of, that was kind of my next question a bit is that as you know, people are age-a-different rates, but even within an individual, their organs can be aging at different rates as well. And there's been work from Dr. Mike Snatter who we had on the podcast, not too long ago, who, and are here familiar with his work, showing that some people are metabolic ages, so they're liver and their kidneys, and they may age quicker. Some people are cardiac ages, whether they seem to be more risk for having heart problems, or there could be a immune ageer, so their immune system is, and they're more susceptible to pathogens and stuff with age. So if you were to measure like a blood sample from a person using, you know, with the epigenetic clocks pick up that, or is it more like a, is it measuring more of the system's level type of aging? So the current ones are not gonna capture more this multi-dimensionality in aging, and I'm a huge fan of Mike Snatter's work, and actually is kind of influencing some of the work that we're doing now. So what we're actually trying to do now is to build clocks that are proxying aging in different organ systems. So these aren't out yet, but the idea is that if you can build a clock that's going to essentially try and proxy what you're brain aging is, or you're liver aging, you're kidney aging, then you can have multiple kind of epigenetic age estimates and really understand more of the profile of a person. And so yeah, it's kind of getting back to this idea of age-year types. We both age at a different rate from each other, but also in a different way, right? So I might diverge more down this way and be more of a metabolic age or whatever it is, and someone else might be more of a new major, and understanding that is gonna give people both, potentially insight into what interventions might be, the most helpful for them, and also what they might be most at risk for. Right. Mortality risk is a big one that you see with what grim age, and even I think a few know age as well. How does that, like how well do they predict mortality risk and even disease specific mortality, like cancer mortality risk for you? And how do they compare to like a frailty risk, or a frailty index measurement, or something like that where you can also measure mortality risk? Yeah, so they're actually pretty powerful when it comes to mortality risk. And I would say right now, grim ages, the best in terms of predicting what we would consider all cause mortality. So basically, any mortality risk all combined together. Grim ages particularly good at cardiovascular risk mortality, which is why it does well at all cause mortality, because that's the biggest killer of people, at least in the United States. But I think in terms of predicting more specific types of mortality, someone might be more or less at risk for I think this is where you need more these systems measures. But there are pretty powerful at predicting kind of remaining life expectancy or all cause mortality. Of course they can't predict too, it's gonna get hit by a boss or whatever, but in terms of kind of population averages, are you more or less likely than someone else, with the same chronological age to have early mortality, they're actually pretty good at that? What about in the young people? So it's really fascinating because when I think about mortality risk, I think of like an older person going in doing a battery of test, getting all their blood worked on, and trying to do their grip strength, and breathing to do that, you know, and I think about, so I think about more of things that are being measured and aggregated together to come up with this fairly triviality index. But for someone who's younger, like in their 30s, like in they go and do all this stuff, like I don't know that it's really gonna be a good predictor of the mortality, and they're young, they've got pretty good lung function. You know what I mean? Is this where a grim age may shot? Like if you have a 30 year old or 25 year old, then they do their grim age, does it like accurately predict mortality rates? Yeah, so we don't have these really, really long follow-up studies, but at least the preliminary data seems that it's gonna be much better for young people, because exactly as you said, these functional things are gonna have what we consider either a floor ceiling effect. So for most people of below some certain age, they're all gonna perform well on it. They're not at a level where they're seeing dysfunctional decline, yet, which goes back to this idea of biological age, versus functional age. Whereas the epigenetic-clopture, meant to capture more of this biological molecular cellular aging that we think will eventually feed into that. So if you can say, oh, you're aging faster at a molecular level, then we'd expect, we'll also expect you down the road, probably to have these functional manifestations earlier, even if we can't see them yet. So I totally agree. In younger people, when these things haven't really emerged, this is kind of the only way to kind of proxy who might be heading in that direction. Totally. I mean, you can't look in the mirror and go, I've got more DNA damage today, like, you know, exactly not, like, but you could be. And lifestyle factors do you play a role and you could have someone who is in their, 30s and they're just sort of just living a hard life. Perhaps they wouldn't pick up on those sort of functional declines yet, but this is where something that is more measuring something biological, you know, at the molecular level, that is going to kind of open their eyes. So, but I kind of wanted to shift gears and talk a little bit about this epigenetic age acceleration. I mean, we've been sort of talking about how people age at different rates. I think you were a co-author on one of those, one of the studies, like a few years back, that was one of the big ones that came out where it was like, people aged at different rates and there was like 18 biomarkers that were looked at and I think it was P&A asked for something that came out. Oh yeah, the Bellscape paper, yes. Yes. And it was like, look at people are aging at different rates and you can even look at their faces and it correlates with their biological age more than their chronological age. So, to me, you know, clearly there's lifestyle factors and environmental factors that play role in the way you age. Can you explain to people what epigenetic age acceleration is and what some of the most robust biological environmental prop social causes of epigenetic age acceleration are? Yeah, so we usually use this term age acceleration to just mean kind of the discordance between your chronological age so that age you know that you are and your predicted age based on whether it's grim age or phenoage or any of these epigenetic clocks. And that, again, is we think it's biologically meaningful. So someone who's predicted much older than they are chronologically are people who are higher risk for disease or mortality. And so, you know, the next question is why are some people predicted older and other people are predicted younger? And a lot of people think I was just gin that. I, you know, maybe my family is just high risk. But actually, it seems to have very little impact on your epigenic age. So I think they estimate like 10, maybe at the upper most 20% impact. Your genes have that kind of impact on your epigenic age rate and actually probably the majority of it is environmental lifestyle. And when we look, again, these are not clinical trials looking at epidemiological data. So just saying, in the population, the people who are predicted to be older, people are predicted to be under what are their characteristics. We find things that are not surprising. So socioeconomic status is a big thing in terms of differences in epigenic age, but also behaviors, so smoking really accelerates your epigenic age. Generally, exercise will tend to decrease epigenic age, eating, we think, probably plant-based diet is going to decrease epigenetic age. And then, yeah, a lot of the things don't drink heavily, get good qualities, sleep, minimize stress, all the things that everyone's mother and grandmother told them to do in life. How does the male being a male affect epigenetic age? Because males live on average for years. Their life stands like four or so years short. So are there females, right? Yes, that reflected in it. Yeah, it is reflecting epigenic. So on average, not again, not across the board, but if you look at the distributions, females on average will have slower epigenic age than same age, same chronological. Similar question. Females undergo menopause when they reach like 50s or something like that. Plus or minus, I don't know how many years. But how does menopause affect epigenetic aging? Yeah, so this is actually a study I did while I was in Singapore of Athlab. So we looked at women who undergone menopause and how long since they had gone undergone menopause. And it seems to be that menopause is actually an epigenic aging accelerated event. So before menopause, women are doing pretty well. And then when they go through menopause, it seems to accelerate their epigenic age. And we didn't have the kind of data you would want where we'd have the same women pre-imposed. But we can even look at surgical menopause. And that seems to also show this kind of accelerated epigenic aging kind of manifestation. That kind of leads me into another question, which is does the changes in these methylation patterns that you and others are measuring? Does it, is it pretty stable over the lifespan or are they like, once you hit mid-life? Because there's functional aging that really starts to get you start to get mid-life and then it starts to go down. So does the epigenetic clock mirror that? Or is it pretty stable? So it's not stable, but it actually doesn't mirror what we think of in terms of functional aging. So if you think of a frailty index or even more cloudy risk, it increases exponentially after, let's say, age 30. The epigenic clock show a totally different pattern. It's still not linear, but actually most of the changes happened during development. So you have this huge increase in epigenic age between, we can even measure it in fetal samples. And then it kind of starts becoming more linear in study around age 20. And then interestingly, it actually slows down again in very late, so after let's say age 80. We don't know why these patterns look this way, but yeah, it's not perfectly stable across the life course. OK, this leads to a couple of other questions. That sort of came in my mind. One is then what about when people get disease dates? So they do get tetrodite babies. And we're in cardiovascular disease. Does that then being in that disease stay functional, decline, like state? Does that accelerate the aging clock? So I don't know if we actually know that, because we don't have very good, the problem with epigenic data right now is we don't have good kind of time course data. We're not following people longitudinally. There are very few studies that do this. There are more studies that are starting to. But I don't think we've reached the point to say, I can look at someone's epigenic aging pre-deseed state and then see what happens after they've developed some disease. But I would imagine that it would probably kind of snowball and mix accelerating. We do know not looking at epigenetics that once you get a disease, it's actually shorter time to each subsequent disease. So there does seem to be this kind of accelerating event in aging that occurs. Biobank data might be a good source. They do a lot of, you know, like they've got just tons and tons of samples that are, you know, because they have people come in for like routine. Yep. So we've talked to them. The problem is that the epigenic data is not super cheap. So you know, to do that many people, that many times. Yeah, they have to come up with quite a bit of funding to be able to be able to be able to be able to be. It would be interesting. Yeah, no. I'm all for this. The more the more data samples we can get, I think the better will be able to figure this all out. Right. You also mentioned that the most of the changes are happening during development. And this is also really interesting. Mostly. Steve, when Dr. Steve Horbat was on the podcast last time. And this kind of gets into the next section, which is like underlying mechanisms causing these changes in the epigenetic patterns. But he had mentioned that like he had developed at least, you know, back, maybe there's something new now, but back back then, a few years ago, there was a few clocks that he had used that could really beautifully measure gestational age. And which was interesting because measuring the aging process during gestation where you've got this really coordinated program that has very little background noise. You're not inflammatory processes aren't going off in all the damage. And the other stuff, I mean, it's just a very clean place to like measure aging. So, and then he's also, I think there's a pre-printed saw, pretty recently, where he had developed a universal aging clock. And then, now, yeah, like there was like, I don't know how many different mammalian samples that were used to generate the clock. And I don't understand everything since it's generating. But I just looked at, you know, skimmed it. And it was really talking about this universal clock was also really coordinated with development. And so, you're mentioning development. It kind of makes me, it poses the question. Like, do you think that the epigenetic aging could be a sort of develop, like a program, like a program that's regulating aging? Like is that a possibility? Yeah, I don't think it was a program designed, you know, some people would argue that is, you know, a program designed to drive aging because they think, you know, for species selection, you need things to age and die, so the species can range. I think it's a developmental program that just doesn't really get turned off, and maybe goes a little bit a rye. As all these other changes start to accumulate in our bodies. But yes, the epigenetic clocks are really tracking something very central to development, because most of these changes we can see during development and a lot of the genes that seem to be involved are these developmental genes. We're still, again, not sure what this means or what this program actually is, but it definitely is tied to development. But people would also argue that aging is very tied to development, so there are beautiful experiments and flies, where if you can extend kind of the developmental period, it extends the lifespan of these animals. And so development and aging aren't kind of two dichotomous things that we usually think of right that you're going through development, you hit age 20, maybe age 20 or 30 to when you're aging starts. But there's a lot of great work, even one of my colleagues at Harvard, the Dean Glattish, I was showing kind of when he thinks this ground zero when aging starts, which is according to him day eight of gestations. So there's in humans, in humans, yes. So when you said, in flies and fruit flies, there's a lot of people who are probably not. When they extend the development, can you explain that? What do you mean by that? Yeah, so I think in this case, actually, this study, I'm thinking they extended kind of the reproductive age of the flies so they can push flies to what we consider like a late for Kennedy so they can continue to develop a little bit longer and don't reproduce till slightly later. And how do they do that later? It was more like selection. So there's selecting for flies over generations that are going to be these later for Kennedy flies and they show that they also live longer and do they do genetic? Like is it a genetic? Yeah. Exactly. So there are a couple of things here that back to this, it's very interesting, the development thing. And another thing came to mind from the conversation I would Steve was he had mentioned, like if you take a cell that has not been immortalized in physical culture, and then you immortalize it with a component of telomerase term. And you essentially overcome cellular senescence, which is one of the hallmarks of age. Right, when a cell goes senescence, I mean, it's pretty much not. I mean, it's still metabolically active, but it's considered sort of the end. And these cells, if you continue culture in them, in tissue culture, and they're just epigenetic age, just keeps going, yeah, going and going. Yeah, we're actually doing this exact thing in my lab right now, where we use H-Turt to immortalize cells, and we are just seeing how long. Like there has to be some saturate. Like eventually, can it just continue to change forever? I think two people haven't looked at things like hella cells, which have just been changing. They've been evolving for decades. And at what point does the epigenic age kind of reach a saturation point? And again, I don't think we know. But yeah, definitely with these immortalized cells, with every time you pass it to them, they're at the epigenic age keeps, at least it seems to continue to increase over time. It's interesting. And sort of on the flip side of that would be, like you mentioned, the epigenetic age in clocks, biomarking, something else that's causing aging. And a study that you were a co-author on. I was kind of, as I was preparing for this podcast, I was thinking about it, and I was thinking, well, in my mind, I was like, well, what, how could you cause something like that would be massive damage to accelerate aging in soy? I googled chemotherapy, epigenetic clock, and like, paper, or co-author came up on it. I was like, oh, this is in Morgan's on it. So I was reading the paper. And these patients that had head and neck cancer, and they were getting treated for it, radio therapy, chemotherapy, they were treated, which causes massive damage, inflammation, these patients, their epigenetic age was measured before the treatment, after the treatment, and then six months later in a year later. And it was so interesting to me because they had aged, like, their epigenetic age had accelerated by 4.9 years right after the treatment. But then six months later, and a year later, their epigenetic age had to like normalize back to baseline. And a subanalysis then showed, actually, not only did the epigenetic age acceleration of almost five years, correlate with inflammatory biomarkers, but people that were that had extremely high biomarkers one year later did still experience the age acceleration. So I'm curious as to what your thoughts are on what that means, to me, I mean, to me, I look at that and I go, wow, inflammation is causing epigenetic age acceleration. You can see this graph, right? I mean, yeah. Yeah, I think definitely we measure aging in blood, way to think, you know, what is probably driving these signals that we see. And I would guess that avigenic age acceleration blood is mostly reflective of inflammation, unless again, you're developing a clock that's specifically tuned to some other thing. Although inflammation seems so, you know, vast and systemic it affects so many different things. But I don't think everything that epigenic clocks are capturing is inflammation, because again, when you look at immortalized cells, it's not because they're becoming more inflammatory every time you're pastaging them per se. But definitely, I think avigenic aging measured in blood is very much tied to inflammation, which again, is probably why it's highly predictive of a number of diseases, which we know inflammation can be a major driver of. Is that where the extrinsic and intrinsic aging clock, or exactly one of them considers the external factors in blood and one does anything, yeah, inflammation calculated in that are not really, is it sort of? Yeah, so these are two of the first generation clocks. So I think Steve kind of called them intrinsic extrinsic aging. I think he called the original Horvath Pan tissue clock was the intrinsic aging. It wasn't that tuned to differences in kind of cell turnover or inflammation. Whereas a clock, he that it was developed by HANUM at all, he kind of added these different kind of cell composition measures that actually ended up picking up inflammation a little bit better. But this was before these second generation clocks came into being. And then I think once they came into being, they're probably picking up inflammation a lot more than even the first generation clocks. And again, we can make these kind of systems clocks. And one of our systems is inflammation. And it is, we can show that it's highly, it's highly predictive of outcomes. It's definitely capturing things related to inflammation, but similarly, I can say we have data from individuals with COVID. And we can look at the inflammation measure. And we find that people with severe symptoms have much more accelerated inflammation at PGAC clock than people would basically asymptomatic or miles symptoms. It would be interesting to see when those symptoms resolve and how long it takes a person to let go back to more of their baseline. Yep, ever, hopefully. Yeah. But so that's definitely, are you guys going to continue looking at that? Yeah, I mean, we don't have the ability to track the same people over time, but I think this is an important thing. And I think this is important when people start to look at applications with the clocks for intervention testing, because you can do an intervention that's going to change kind of your blood cell composition. And it might be reflective of inflammation, but it could be this acute event, right? And whether that really means you change your aging, I think, is still needs to be kind of considered. Yeah, and that was the big eye opener for me when I read the study, I don't know a couple days ago, and it wasn't a new study, but it was like, oh, well, this change really dramatically, but then it wasn't like a permanent thing. Yeah. It was something that went back. And so, yeah, it's almost likely that you're staying with interventions. It's like, well, I mean, make sure you didn't get sick or like, you know, when sick, like, to early before, you know, measuring. And we can talk about that in a little bit later, but I kind of, to get sort of just back into the cause and effect of aging, and if the epigenetic clock changes are really causal, I mean, of course, you're obviously trying to figure that out. But even if it was, let's say, downstream of something, if it was biomarking aging, what, like the epigenetic changes that are happening with aging, you kind of mentioned this early, early in the podcast about how, you know, they're clustering in gene regulatory regions. And so they're changing the way genes are turned on or turned off. Like, is there like a feed forward loop in aging? Where it's like, okay, now these epigenetic changes are turning off genes that we want on to repair damage and they're turning on genes that are cellular synesis. You know, so it's like accelerating this feed forward loop. Yeah. I mean, it's definitely possible. I think it's, yeah, it's really hard to figure out causality here, right? Like, and it could be that, you know, I mean, my perspective is not there's a cause of aging, right? And you know, it's this thing and once you fix that, everything else will go away. I mean, so many things go wrong. And your system can change. It can diverge and so going back to kind of, my excited or saying, even if you bring that down to the molecular level, there's so many different ways that someone's system can kind of change over time. And I don't think it's like, you just need to, it's just this one thing that's going to then drive all of aging. And yeah, it, you know, our systems are responsive, right? So one thing changes something else is going to respond and that can be maladaptive, which would, you know, snowball things. So yeah, I think it's going to be hard to figure out like what's causal, what's correlative, but I would say even if it's not the, what some people might consider the central driver, as long as it's picking up things that are critical to aging and you can use that to track, aging or understand it a little bit better, I think it still has utility. I don't know if it needs to be kind of the central cause of aging for it to be useful. Right. Exactly, if you can, if you can track it and or use it for basic science, you know, to understand the processes better. But with some of these genes, like, I'm just curious, do they know, like, it has research shown, or research and other shown that, like, you know, we are seeing as the epigenetic clock ages, we are seeing more genes that are regulating like NFCAPB return on, you know, like, quantum or inflammation. So it's not necessarily the cause of aging, but it's helping accelerate it when you start, as you start to accumulate these epigenetic changes as they start to, yeah. Yeah, so the hard thing has actually been looking at the genes that these CPGs are assigned to or that they color, okay, with. And actually, that's been a little bit less clear because the methylation patterns are not as we might expect correlating with the expression patterns. And there's a number of reasons I could be, it's cause we're looking at lots of cells in the population. You need to look within an individual cell to actually get a C-Vis. It could be, you know, there are other epigenetic modifiers that could also be important in this. So it's not a one to one. But we can just look at general gene expression that epigenetic clocks are associated with, and, you know, it does seem, you can kind of find certain pathways as seem to be important. And some of these are inflammatory or other aging pathways that we'd kind of expect. But yeah, we still don't know exactly what the CPGs that are in these clocks are functionally doing. Even though we say, oh, I actually said it, in the beginning of this talk, when you have methylation, it's repressive, when you don't, it's active. But it seems like it's actually a lot more complicated. And one thing that I always come back to is I can make a clock out of a few hundred CPGs that are in specific genes. I can remove all of those genes and remake a new clock, and I can get the same clock from a totally different set of genes. I don't know what that means in terms of understanding the functionality of what we're trying to capture, but I think it just exists as not as simple as these 20 genes are turned on and these 20 genes are turned off. Right. A lot more to learn. Epigenetic age reversal. Mm-hmm. That's a big interest, of course. And I'm curious about your recent, like some of your thoughts on some of the, there's been some recent studies. So we were talking about programming, you're talking about, in a way, right, with the developmental program and epigenetic clock sort of really tracking that. Yeah. Well, being part of that in some way connected, we don't really, I don't exactly understand why. You know, if it's known, but I don't think anyone else. Okay, so some of this work with interrupted cellular reprogramming or the partial reprogramming that's called, a lot of that works coming from one Carlos Montes, where they can, maybe you can explain, like, what this is to people and how that affects epigenetic aging or what's known or not known. Yeah. So this really came out of work originally from Shinyo Yamunaka, who discovered what we call these Yamunaka factors, which are four transcription factors, we just call them OSKM, which when expressed, you can actually take a somatic, so an adult cell and convert it back into what looks like an embryonic stem cells. So we call these induced polyputin stem cells, and then you can use those to make a number of different types of cells, but the interesting thing and why aging researchers got really invested in this science is that not only are you making it embryonic like in terms of its stem cell properties, but the epigenetic clocks are seem to be almost completely reverse. And we've actually shown recently the not completely reverse, but you can take a skin cell that has an epigenic age of 40 and do this, it takes a few weeks to do and basically get back to an epigenic age of zero in those cells. And you keep it at the skin cell, it doesn't lose its identity. No, so it loses its identity in the universe. So this full, this is considered kind of this full epigenic reprogramming, and then what one kind of small montaine, others have done, is look at this idea of partial reprogramming. So can we push the cell back a little bit because actually what we find is that this age reversal happens first prior to the cell losing its identity. So can you do that part without pushing it all the way back or we consider up or down the landscape to this blurry potent stem cell? So can I just make an old skin cell a young skin cell, but it still is soon so. So that's the goal. And with some of the recent work, at least out of his lab, they're using a premature aging mass model, a perjury model and have shown, I know there's a new publication that haven't read just came out. Yeah, the older one, the first one, 2016 or something, cell paper, I remember, they showed in multiple different organs, it seemed to reverse some of the hallmarks of aging, and that organs were performing functionally a little bit younger than you would imagine, and at least in this premature aging mass model. And I think even health span of this mass model that's prematurely aging, it seemed to be improved. And what that means for humans that are not mice with premature aging syndromes was to be determined, but the epigenetic clock also was also reversed as well. Yeah, and I think the new publication which is done in more of a wild type, not a perjury or mice, now it's just that show kind of some reversal of the epigenic clock. And you can do this just cells in a dish. We can partially reprogram them and show reversal of epigenic clock and other functional improvements in the cells. So, to you, what does that mean? Like, that you could do that? Yeah. Now, I mean, I think this is the most fascinating thing. Again, I don't know in terms of translation, like actually making this with therapeutic, and I don't even think people were at the point that they were speculating. But yeah, I just think it's so amazing. I mean, even the original thing that you can take, a skin cell and turn it into an embryonic cell and just we always think of, this is one direction. Cell cells are going to only move what we consider this landscape in terms of their states. And they can only go from this state to that state. The idea that it can go back, I think, is amazing. And I think just understanding how that process works. And then the other thing we're really interested in is what are the features of this program cell? Does it truly look like a young cell? Or is it a totally different type of cell that in nature maybe we haven't even seen? And what does that mean for how it's going to function? And to respond? The questions I have on my mind are, okay, well, you take this, you know, 40-year-old skin cell, as you mentioned. And let's say you're going to completely reprogram it to a stem cell and your epigenetic age goes back. But like, what happens to all the damage in my to-country? Are they still there? Like, what about the pieces of DNA that, you know, is that stuff still there? Like, where does it go? I mean, it's a go-about if it does. The exciting thing is actually the mitochondria, it seems to also be kind of rejuvenated. I mean, I don't really like that term rejuvenated. But it seems to be kind of set back to a better functioning state, really. And again, it's not clear how all these things are linked to each other. I think the other question, though, is cells also build up, kind of these aggregates and other nasty kind of by-products, they accumulate what happens to them. I don't think I know that. But it's an important thing, I think, to figure out. So if the epigenetic clock lets, you know, because it's controlling gene expression, you know, it's like, well, maybe the nuclear and coded mitochondrial proteins, maybe everything's just bouncing back to how it was. And so you're making, you know, you're building better mitochondria, right? I mean, yeah, I have something called to argue that it starts with a mitochondria getting rejuvenated and then that's how everything else. But yeah, I think that's how it's about the marks of aging in mitochondrial dysfunction is what's first. I mean, or, as you mentioned, it's probably not just one thing. It's a combination of all these factors together combined where your proteins are misfolding and you're mitochondria dysfunctioning and your DNA damage is accumulating. And so, yeah, I mean, it's a fascinating area and the programming part, like, it's just, I was just curious what your thoughts are in terms of the basic science. What does that mean? To me, it goes back to again that program, like there's something going on. We don't quite understand, but it's something. Yeah, this comes back to this whole idea that I don't think what we see with aging is just random, stochastic damage or errors. I think we've always thought of aging is just a accumulation of errors. But it really might just be a program that kind of goes wrong and there's nothing evolutionarily that needs to prevent it from doing that because it doesn't benefit. You know, fitness to prevent that program from going wrong. But the idea that it can be reprogrammed again using the operating system kind of analogy that you can just take an, you know, operating system that's not doing well and do it update and take it back to this better state. And again, we need to figure out exactly what that means. But I think it's really exciting. It is. And it's certainly, like, there's no doubt that accumulation of damage does play a role in aging, but maybe it's not the cause of the only thing that it's maybe it's just the feed forward loop accelerating it. Yeah, it's right. Exactly. Because it's also interesting. Another really interesting area is the plasma exchange. I love, I love, like, you know, for you to kind of explain to people what some of this interesting research is in the aging field, plasma exchange, you can start back to, you know, the original peribidosis studies maybe. Yeah, great. Well, and actually, I think this relates exactly to what you just said is there is accumulation of damage and there are, you know, these things that are accumulating in our systems and it could just be the program responding to that damage in a way that, you know, it was set up to do. So this idea of peribiosis, I mean, this is what's century, really old, like people are doing this in like the early 20th century. Or basically, you can take two mice and connect to their circular-tory systems. It's not the pleasant procedure if you're one of the mice, but they'll do what's called heterochronic, where they take one young mouse and one old mouse and connect them and then just say, what happens to the aging? The young mouse is now having some influence from the old mouse and vice versa. And what we find is that the young mice has accelerated aging compared to one that's paired with another young mouse and the old mouse is somewhat rejuvenated compared to an old mouse compared to an old mouse. And then more recently, people said, okay, well, maybe you don't have to connect them, you can just do this whole plasma. Exchange method where you can put young plasma into an old mouse and it seems to, in some ways, again, rejuvenate them not to use that kind of snake oily term, but that's the best we have. And actually, we've been doing this with cells in a dish. So we can, we actually buy old, or serum from older individuals, versus younger individuals, and we can grow ourselves in these two different conditions. And we, again, can age even fetal cells using old serum versus the young serum seems to be not as problematic. Very interesting. I know some of the recent work out of arena comboys lab at UC Berkeley. What was interesting to me about her research or her recent research was that they were able to take this plasma and, you know, basically it was just they, they saline and albutimone, right? And then they took old mice and it was essentially diluting out their old plasma. Yeah. And it rejuvenated these mice, whereas they did it with the young mice and there's really no effect. Yeah. So it really indicates like there is, as you mentioned, there's something accumulating, at least in the bloodstream with age, that may in some way be accelerating the aging process. So what do you think the epigenetic age would do? Like if that was measure? Yeah. Is that going to be measured? Was it true? Yeah. So actually, so this is what we're doing in a cell. So actually, the conduits were the first ones who did this in vitro experiment as well. So that's how we knew that it would work. And now we're looking at the epigenetics of those cells and else of the RNA sake. And people have started to do this to in terms of the mice. I don't know if they've done it in terms of the just saline albumin exchange, but in the normal kind of pairbiosist context, it does change the epigenetic clock. And so the question, again, is the methylation patterns that we're capturing in the clock's gesture response to the accumulation of these kind of problematic factors? Because people always wondered, oh, is there something magical in young blood that's rejuvenating versus it just that's problematic things that are accumulating old blood? And it seems to be more of that. And yeah, the idea that you can just dilute it out and get the whole program kind of response and rejuvenates itself, I think, is really amazing. So it gets the main questions would be, at least if I remember from the convoy study, even the brain, because the epigenomeness or something, it was, I don't know how significant it was in terms of their measuring, whatever, whatever biomarkers they're measuring from what we're aging, it seemed to be better, even brain. The question would be for the epigenetics, is again, one of those things where with the cancer came with therapy experiment, there's just inflammation, there's something causing damage and it's a transient thing. Then you have to keep getting these plasma exchanges, which is sustainable, really. I don't know, at least I think it is. But is there something that does it long-term effect the other organs and stuff? Like is it something that's going to be a permanent thing? I think we don't know. Actually, I'm still in this from my husband, so I'll give him credit for it. He talks about, it's kind of the climate change in the body, right? So the cells are in a problematic climate and they're going to not behave the way that they should be. And then if you remove that, everything kind of gets better, but if it's not sustained, how quickly it's going to return. And I think we don't know that. My guess is it would be about as transient as the effect. And if you could dilute and that's maintained for a while, it would probably be maintained in terms of the cells kind of features and epigenetic measures. But yeah, if it returned really quickly, then I think it would be more transient. I'm sure people are trying to figure out is there a factor in the body? Yeah, people are not only using for a factor, but is it like, you're only as good as the sensitivity of your assay? And I always go back to this inflammation thing. Because there's a lot of data out there, right? And we have biomarkers for inflammation. I've gotten my high sensitivity, so you're at the protein density, 0.2. Does that mean I don't have inflammation going on? No. Infillation is happening right? Is happening all the time, setting up a day, every second, it just means that assay is only as sensitive to pick up, you know, about much inflammation. And so maybe we just haven't gotten the right tools yet to pick up even that. You know what I mean? So there's always the sensitivity question and the tools that you're, which is why you guys are developing these great tools to measure aging, quantify it. But to kind of shift into, you mentioned the exercise and we're talking about age reversal and kind of slowing. And like, so exercise is also associated with the slowing of epigenetic age. And then I think the other thing I kind of, you kind of eluded to for a moment was genetics. And I had a question here because you were saying genetics. It seems as though there's 10 to 20 percent you mentioned. Yeah, it's not pretty small. Pretty small in terms of epigenetic ageing. Like, yeah, but even in terms of lifespan, it's the same as the on par with that. So only a small percentage of the way you age is controlled by genetics. And now this is my caveat or my question. Yeah, yeah. Unless, what if you are a super centenarian or a semi-super centenarian? Like, there's obviously your an outlier. Right? Yeah. That's an outlier. But it exists and it's thought to be under genetic control, I think. Yeah, you know. Yeah, so they're probably not just randomly making it to that. So for most of us, our aging is going to be less under genetic control. But if you, there are definitely people who you might think when the genetic lottery. Right? So they're very unique and they have the perfect combination. It's probably not one gene. They just have the perfect combination of different gene variants. And that's somehow enables them to live much longer than the rest of us. It seems even despite having bad health behaviors. So these super centenarians don't necessarily smoke less or eat better or exercise more than people in the general public. But there's somehow able to overcome that and survive to extreme ages. And they probably are more, that's probably more under genetic control. But for most people, unless you have a string of grandparents that all survived to 110, you're probably not going to be able to rely on your genes to get you there. And actually, my PhD dissertation was on long-lived smokers and thinking, smoking decreases people's life expectancy by about 10 years. But you have these people who survived to 100 or beyond still smoking. And what is it about their genetics that allows them to overcome this? And what is it? I mean, the stuff that came up was major aging pathways like insulin IV, one pathway. But again, we haven't proven this out cause away. But yeah. Did you read that Japanese or super centenarian study that came out? I don't know if you knew that. I don't know if I knew. It was a study where they looked at, was that the men? Or they looked at Japanese? Yes, the men. And they looked at elderly. And then they looked at going from elderly to a centenarian from centenarian to a semi-super centenarian, which is 105. And then to a super centenarian, which is 110. And they looked at all a battery of biomarkers. I don't think epigenetic classes in there. But they looked at, like, telomer lanes, immunocynescence, all the blood work stuff, the metabolic and lipids and stuff. And then they looked at inflammatory biomarkers. And it was funny. It was interesting because the suppression of inflammation was the only thing that could predict going to the next. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Each group, or I don't know what it's called. But surviving to the next. Right. It was being able to, like, low inflammation, basically. So that was sort of interesting as well. And also it kind of goes back this. You mentioned the smoking. And of course, you know, a control there, typical pathways. It kind of brings to mind we recently had Dr. Bill Harris on the podcast. And he's a very, he's probably one of the world experts on omega-3 fatty acids. And he's just been decades of research. And he has all this interesting data. He does a lot of work using the ometic mega-3 index, which he codewoke, where they measure omega-3 and red blood cells. It's a long term marker for omega-3 rather than, like, what you have in it before. Yeah. And he's done all sorts of studies using framing ham data and has found that. So the typical American diet is they have about a 4% omega-3 index. And that's kind of low, especially if you compare it to other countries like Japan, where there are average omega-3 indexes, like 10% or low-high centers. And so much higher. Anyway, so he's these days with framing ham data and he stratified the people based on the omega-3 index. So low was, like, 4% lower than 4% and high was about 8%. And people with an 8% omega-3 index were had a five-year increased life expectancy compared to people with the 4% omega-3 index. Yeah. Interesting. But what was also really interesting from this data was he looked at smokers. And smokers have, as you imagine, had a much lower life expectancy. But smokers that took omega-3, that had high omega-3 indexes did not have that same low life expectancy. Yeah. But here's the really interesting thing. These are the smokers that took high omega-3, had the same life expectancy as the non-smokers with low omega-3. Oh, yeah. So in a way, low omega-3 was like, oh, yeah, for your life expectancy, right? I mean, yeah. It's kind of, to me, it was very interesting data. You should pair up with him. And I would be so interested to know the epigenetic age as it correlates with homing 3 index. I mean, yeah, depending on which samples in Framingham they do have methylation, are doing that shared. Okay. So, there was a really also really interesting study. This kind of gets into interventions as well. I kind of wanted to touch on that for a moment. There was an interesting study. And I don't know if I really have a question. But I also just like to see the ideas. The study was like, women, not were genetically predisposed. Breast cancer, they were given five grams a day of fish oil. So it was EPA, DHA, omega-3. The marine omega-3 fatty acids. And this was like six months treatment. And they had done some sort of methylation profiling, not epigenal talk about. Yeah. And profiling of their, PBMC, their peripheral blood, more nuclear cells. And there was like hypomethylation in, it was a TNF, TNF alpha or something like, one of the major controllers of inflammation where it was like decreasing, it was like decreasing a lot of the pro-inflammatory pathways. So, you know, at the level of methylation. I thought it was so interesting. Yeah. Not sure what's going on there. Because there's lots of ways omega-3 regulate inflammation. They suppress it, they resolve it. Yeah. And so, it was like, wow, they're changing methylation patterns. Like how is that happening? Yeah. Just sort of interesting potential research ideas there. Yeah. Now, I think there's a ton of things to start connecting. And, you know, you know, all these environmental things and just physiologically how are these things connected when you go up in this, how is that effect? These other things down stream. Yeah. I think as more and more data gets collected and we actually have good measures of all these different things we can start doing that. But, yeah. What do you think about some of the, there's so there's consumer-bailable epigenetic you know, reaching clocks out there. Like, what do your thoughts? I'll like, are they accurate? And of course, I know you're a advisor for a lithium, which makes one of them. So, yeah. Now, this is an important question. And I think, you know, the hard thing with epigenetic ages. Again, this is something people can't. You don't know the answer, right? So, you can take one of these tasks. And you get a number back and there's no way for the consumer to verify whether that's number one correct. I mean, if there is a correct answer or if it's even meaningful. And I think, basically, there are two things that I think are really important when you are talking about epigenetic tests being used by individuals or even clinically is comes back to the reliability of these tests. So what I mean by that is if I were to take the exact same tests twice on the same day, will I get the same answer? And unfortunately, what we found is actually if you use the original epigenetic clocks, you do not get the same. You get wildly different answers. They're actually highly unreliable and very noisy. So we've taken blood samples. You can split them. Like, the same sample run at twice. And you can get upwards of eight years difference in your epigenetic using traditional clocks. So actually, a few years earlier, and this actually came out from my work with Elisium because they saw this in their data first and then we went back and looked a bit more because I thought, oh, this is the end of the epigenic clocks. So this is what actually happening. There can't be useful for anything unless you have thousands of people. And so we actually developed a statistical method that completely removes all this technical noise and I won't go into the math for every ball on the podcast. But basically, we can get this down to you can split the sample. And now you're getting only about one year different at max. Most people are predicted exactly the same age on their T-Tests. And so what I would say, so Elisium, as you mentioned, I know longer-enativeizer of them because I'm doing other stuff with Elisium, but I was an advisor for them. They actually did care a lot about this reliability thing. It's something, this is why I was helping them to try and sort this out so at least for their Tests, they felt like if someone took it twice, they would get the same answer. You know, assuming your T-Tests were in a short period of time. But most Tests, I would say, on the market are using the old methods that are highly unreliable. I don't know that, but I would suggest to consumers to say, find out if there is data on the reliability of Tests. The second thing that's really important for our BGNTests is something that statisticians call construct validity, which is just this idea of biological ages, what we call latent. You can't see it, you can't truly measure it. Not CRP, where I can actually, I know I'm trying to measure something very specific. So it's, can we try and approximate something that's not really measurable? And then the way we evaluate how, if we did that well, is does it predict or track with things we would expect? So again, with that BGNTests, it should predict things like mortality risk after you adjust out the chronological age. So being higher, lower than your chronological age should be very predictive of mortality risk or disease risk. And people who are using these first generation clocks, though, one's trained to predict chronological age, are not as good at that. So yes, there's a lot of tests on the market, but I think it's really important to make sure you're using one's trained more like the second generation clocks, so things like Grimage or Fenoage, but again, using these methods that make them more kind of reliable and take up the noise. Are there that many, epigenetic clocks that are consumer-available now? Are there really? Actually don't know the number, but I constantly see different companies launching epigenetic testers, at least I would say probably close to 10 on the market. Wow. Yeah. Is the one that was developed by Alisean when you were advising for them? That was more for biological age. That was the answer. So it was similar to the Fenoage one, but with this additional statistical method that removes the technical noise. So that one is, we've shown, as predictive mortality of the on chronological age. And actually Alisean is licensing these systems measures, so I think they'll be putting those out to where you can get kind of approximation of aging in different systems and get your kind of a adio type. There was, my question's kind of got many layers to it, and it has to do with like if a person is trying to measure their epigenetic age and they want to do a lifestyle intervention and then measure it again. So there was a very, very small study, this published by a Gallaudet reach out to me, her name is Cara Fitzgerald. She and her colleagues had taken a small sample of people and they underwent like an extreme dietary change where they were eating a lot of leafy greens, cruciferous vegetables, blueberries, but they also were eating animal meat, liver, organ meat, eggs, no refined sugar, meditation, exercise, probiotics, I mean it was a kitchen sink, it was a lot. And this was like a, I think it was pretty short treatment, like it wasn't like six months or anything. I can't remember if I was talking to my head maybe two months or something, that or three months, I don't know. Their epigenetic age according to the clock that you think it was maybe the original. And answer your original. So I guess you kind of answered the question, but it had reversed by like three years or something. So I guess the question is, can you really, can you track interventions accurately? Can you make assumptions based on it or what are your thoughts? Yeah, and I'm not saying this is a sweet valley about any study, but I mean the great thing about that study is they made their data public and we were actually able to go back in and show that their the entire effect was noise. So actually once you do the statistical method that removes the noise, there was actually no effect of the intervention. And of course, you know, these methods weren't available originally and they were using an original clock like they thought they should, but I think this shows us that we need to be a little bit careful how we interpret the results from these things. And the epigenetic clocks are powerful tools to kind of, I think they are good at giving you an idea of your health status. Same as if I go into my doctor's office for, you know, a kind of lab testing, doing metabolic panel or whatever. They can give you a good idea of your status. But when we think of how they're applied to interventions, I think we need to be careful that we don't take any change as at just face value. We need to really think about, you know, if I measure it again, was that sustained like things we talked about earlier. Because I would argue that we haven't proven that a change in the epigenetic clock is a change truly in your biological aging process. And like we said, you can have changes in kind of inflammatory markers that are acute and not truly capturing the aging process. But that'll change what you see in terms of your clocks. I think epigenetic clocks are really powerful for like a wake-up call. So if you, you know, a lot of young people are kind of going about to their life, we don't know like we said till you see these functional things start happening if we're doing well or not. And I think they can be used to kind of inform. And as we move forward and develop better, more sophisticated ones. And we look at actually linking changes in epigenetic aging to changes in other kind of health parameters. They will be good for kind of people testing interventions either personally or in clinical studies. But I think right now we're in the really early days. And we need to, these are really high potential tools, but we're not at the point yet where you can just, you know, take it and believe everything that you get back. Right. So you're better off also doing all the classical biomarker tests too and measure a lot of things. It's always good to have more data. What are it before we wrap this up? What are you most excited about two questions? What are you most excited about with respect to the aging field in general? Like what's being researched right now, what's coming out of the pipeline? And then what are you most excited about coming out of your lab? Yep. Or I guess they could be the same means. Or yeah. No. They're related. So the thing in the aging field again is this kind of transient or partial reprogramming thing. And just again, not necessarily for an intervention, but just figuring out what it is. To me it's just so magical that you can change the state of the cell. And what does that mean for the cell and does it now function better and do populations of cells work better together? And how does that happen? Can you figure out even better ways to do this? You know, we've used kind of the yamanocca factors, but there could be tons of other ways that you could actually change this. And just now knowing that that's possible. So that kind of basic science on the most excited about. And then in my lab, I'm just really excited to figure out what the epigenic clocks are. We have no idea. We apply these measures to a bunch of different things. We have no idea what drives these changes or functionally what they even mean. So why is your epigenic clock related to your mortality risk? Like what is the pathway that links those two things? And I think that'll keep us busy for a really long time. But something I'm excited to kind of start working on. Awesome. I like to ask this last question to a lot of podcasts, guess. And that is, you know, what lifestyle changes like do you incorporate the most into your life based on science? Yeah. I mean for me, there's kind of two things. Diet and exercise. I try to pay a lot of attention to. Exercise, I think, is such a simple thing that's so few. You know, everyone's waiting for the magic pill. I mean, if they could bottle the effects of exercise, it would be the biggest thing in aging research that you know exists. It's probably the most powerful tool we have to actually intervene in our aging process, or at least to slow it. Or they've even shown, you know, you can reverse diabetes through exercise or any of these things. Better than in the form. Yeah, I know. So again, exercise is amazing. It makes you feel good. So for me, trying to maintain an active lifestyle is much as possible. I have a, you know, I would say the desk, what's your favorite kind of exercise that you do? I mean, I like to do things that just are fun, so hiking or anything like that, or, you know, any of the classes, but probably, if I were thinking the most beneficial probably, things like hit is try to do that as much as I can. But, and then the other thing, it's just diet. I eat, I would say 90 to 95 percent plant-based. I do eat some fish. Try to keep kind of like a Japanese type diet, and then I do intermittent fasting where I don't eat until usually like one o'clock. Again, that I think we don't know for sure whether that's beneficial, but for now, just sticking to it's seeing kind of what happens. Yeah. We had Mark Matsun on the podcast, and he definitely convinced me that there are some benefits for sure in intermittent fasting with respect to, you know, keeping in ketosis in the metabolic sway. But, so did you see that paper that came out of Yale from Visha Vishvah's, yeah, that was so I didn't read the whole, like I didn't index read it. I just sort of, yeah, it's data. But, like there was a two-year caloric restriction. Yeah, that's from the calorie study. Yeah. And, phymic aging was like, slowed, which was kind of... Yeah, I think, you know, caloric sections, and it's like around for quite a while. I think the issue is most people can't actually sustain, right? Yeah. I mean, but you bring up a really good point. And like, there's been a lot. It's like the classical intervention that's been done in rodents. It's been done in non-human primates. Yeah. And it's been shown to, you know, it does improve health span of those animals and not humans. And in some cases, they really restrict, like 30%, like the 30% less calorie, or fewer calories. Whereas I think this study, the calorie restricts them was like 15 or 15. Yeah, so I think it's like 12 or 15. Yeah. I don't know what that translate. Like, we don't know if caloric restriction actually is how beneficial it is for humans. Yeah. And it always comes back to, again, that, like, well, overeating is not good. Yeah. You know, overeating is not good. We know that. And, you know, there's many ways that you can affect calories in calories out in one of them is exercise. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, so there's a lot of ways that you can sort of get to a similar, you know, and point where you're not just eating as many calories, right? Yeah. You have to be like, you're... And you certainly don't want to starve yourself. And that also it can be like calorie restriction, like you can, you know, there's a problem with muscle wasting and frailty within each. Yeah. Especially if you're getting older, right? Exactly. And getting a protein. So, yeah. Again, yeah. All these little nuances, especially when you start to translate the research. But, but epigenetic age was, I if I remember correctly, shown to be slowed in the rodent in... Oh, yeah. So, in my, in my, in my avijanic age is effective by calorie restriction. And substantial, it's slowed in the longer the animals are on it that kind of slower the increase in epigenetic age over time becomes. But again, I think, you know, how much of this is the absence of excess food. And there are studies and rodents showing that different genetic backgrounds have different responses. So, I'm actually do worse with caloric restriction. So, that amount of restriction, I think is probably going to be, you know, depend on you personally, not just preference, but, you know, some of your genetics. And the other thing that the reason I don't do caloric restriction personally is because there's studies, even in mice that if you stop it, you lose the benefit. And I can't imagine studying my entire life on caloric restriction to continue to get this benefit. So, I always say to people, do whichever, whatever you can stick to, right? You know, you don't have to be perfect in your diet or exercise. But as long as I think you have the knowledge of how things are affecting you can make, you know, an informed decision on this, this part's worth, like an extra, you know, potentially an extra four years of healthy life. Or maybe something else isn't worth it to you. And just having that kind of information and feedback, I think it's going to be critical, right? Yeah. And there's also the aspect of confounding it with time-rinsurited feeding in mice. I know we're talking to you. Yeah. Because talked about this so many times on our podcast, but like how the people, like post-docs and graduates who are feeding, these mice, they come like they're there for like eight hours, like they're not, you know. So, there's a component of these calorie restriction diets are actually like, that is the time-rinsurited treatment. How much is that? Yeah, yeah. That's not eating four, 16 hours. Yeah. That's when they did all it was since then. That's it. Right. Yeah. So anyways, awesome. We're going to really, that was a really interesting information. I know people are going to love it. I certainly was super excited to talk about, you know, all things aging with you and I will continue to follow your research. I'm excited that you'll be close to me so we can hang out time at something like that. Go exercise. Yeah. Totally. Go hiking. I love hiking. I'll show you all the great trails. So people that want to learn more about your research follow you. You're very active on Twitter. I follow you on Twitter. Yeah. Your Twitter handle is Dr. Morgan Levine. Sounds right. Yeah. And your Instagram. You're also on Instagram. I'm a doctor. Morgan Levine. Yeah. We have a new book coming out. It's available for pre-gorder right now. It'll be in May. Yeah. I think May third. It's there. Yeah. Okay. And it's called true age. Yes. So it's basically about all the stuff we talked about measuring what biological ages, how can we approximate it and potentially use that information to inform our lifestyle decisions? Awesome. Well, I look forward. I'm going to pre-order it. Anything else? Anything you'd like to say? No. Just thank you for having me. This is really fun. We'll see you so much more again. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. Perfect. Bye. you