Hello friends, this episode has two amazing, amazing guests who need no introduction, Dr. Peter D. Amanda's and Tony Robbins. Neither of them really need an interest, so I'm going to keep it really, really brief. Dr. Peter D. Amanda's is a serial entrepreneur, founder of X-Pries which designs and operates global competitions to incentivize the development of technological breakthroughs that can accelerate humanity toward a better future. Tony Robbins is a serial entrepreneur. He's a number one New York Times bestselling author. He's a philanthropist and he's the nation's number one life and business strategist and both of them are somewhere tomorrow. I kind of wanted to kick this off because I'm personally curious. Peter, you're really well-known for being perhaps uniquely motivated in finding systems and organizational level approaches to creatively solving big problems, X-Pries being one such example. On the other hand, Tony, your work focuses more on the individual and in helping people solve their own internal problems, whatever they are for whatever's holding them back. So there's definitely some potential overlap here, but maybe you could tell us a little bit about how you both connected to form such a strong lasting friendship and collaboration over the years. Well, it's been friends for a long time, but this book came together with us together because I had an accident that they told was going to end my career. I was being an idiot chasing a 22-year-old professional snowboard or down a mountain and I couldn't make the moves that were making and it ended in disaster. I thought I literally wrote my neck. In the end, I taught my rotator cuff severely and the pain was 99 pains. This was nerve pain. I couldn't sleep. What do you do? You go to your doctors. I went to four doctors. All of them saying surgery surgery surgery. Well, what's the prognosis? Well, the honest with you, you may not be able to live to arm above your shoulder again. You could tear again four to six months of recovery. Assume about stem cells because I work some of the greatest athletes in history. Some of my criss-maternone where all there was supposed to be up for three months. It was two and a half weeks and he's back on because of stem cells. And so no, no, no, no, there are worthless. And then the final doctor looked me straight in the face and said, I want to show you something. Life as you know it is over. There's literally his words to me. And I said, you clearly didn't go to my communications tomorrow, but he showed me my spine and is that this is no laughing matter. He said, one good hit and he said, you won't be able to walk again. No more running, no more jumping, you know, no more snowboarding. That's for sure. And you know, if you're ready for a punch in the gut, you might have it. I didn't have it so well. I got to be honest for a few hours. And then my normal brain kicked in and said, there's got to be better solutions. So Peter and I have been different for years and partners in business. So I called the genius over here and said, listen, who's the best person on stem cells? I've heard good bat in between. And he said, you got to reach out to Bob and I went to share with him a little bit about that Peter. Yeah, sure. So like you said, Rhonda, I've been focused on large scale solutions. And for probably last 15, 20 years, it's been around how to use exponential technologies to solve the world's biggest problem. You know, AI, robotics, study, printing, synthetic biology, quantum computing, all of these areas. And I became enamored about eight years ago on the idea of using those exponential technologies focusing it on health and longevity. You know, as you get older, you know, space is taking a long time. I wanted to live as long as I can. And I met Bob hurray years ago, both these were both pilots he's passionate about space and became just fascinated by what Bob was doing. Bob had been one of the very first people ever to isolate stem cells from placenta. In fact, he said, you know, the placenta is the richest source of stem cells out there. And these are like, you know, day zero old stem cells. And I had helped him spin the company, a company called sailority out of cell gene where he was the head of sailor medicine. And we formed this company to have stem cells from the placenta being able to be used eventually for repairing the body. And so when Tony reached out, I said, Tony, listen, you've got to talk with Bob hurray. He's like the world's expert in stem cells. He's my go-to guy in this field. And stem cells are how you can rejuvenate the different systems and tissues of the body. So Tony back to you. Yeah, so a little light notes like saying, I want to learn about basketball, and because let me introduce my friend, LeBron J. I'm a chiro. So I talked to Bob and Bob said, listen, you know, using your own stem cells as a waste of time after 40 they dropped through the floor. He said, if you're doing an elbow or an ankle or something maybe, but he said, this is really extensive. You need 40 old stem cells. And I said, fetal tissue, I don't want to say, no, enough fetal tissue. And he explained, you know, the power of placenta and the power, obviously, of course, in any city. I'll tell you where to go. So you can always go back for surgery. So I went for it. And I did three days of treatment. I was just 20 minutes a day of an idea in a shot. And, you know, the first day I felt tired, the second day out of side of time response. I knew what it was. So I didn't scare me, but you're shaking, freezing, not 20, 25 minutes of that. And then my body had a very strong reaction. I went to sleep. And I woke up. No, it was my shoulder perfect. I had the MRI. I'm fully fine. I was almost five years ago, four and a half years ago. But for the first time in 14 years, I stood up with no pain in my spine. So it turned me into a obsessive one. I want to know everything about stem cells. What's the greatest breakthroughs in this area? And then when I began to find out, it's not just stem cells. There's this incredible revolution in regenerative and precision medicine. And then, you know, every two years, the Vatican, the Pope actually throws a conference to probably the biggest in the world, with doctors and all of the earth because he believes this is a breakthrough for humanity. And he wants the answers for humanity. And so Peter was going, and then also, and I got a call and they said, you know, we'd like you to be the cleanup speaker. And I said, wonderful. But I want to tend the whole thing. And so, you know, I tend to the conference and I met some of the greatest scientists alive and repented and rebuilding of medicine and regenerative medicine and precision medicine. I met patients more than a dozen that were sent home to die because the cancer was intreatable. But they found somebody like Dr. June with Cartesales. And here they were six years later, totally healthy. I met, you know, Jack Nicholas, one of the greatest golfers of all time. He couldn't stand for more than ten minutes. His pain was so severe. They were going to, you know, walk up there, you know, give him a spinal fusion, which I'm sure you know, doesn't usually work at least half the time. And if it does, give you limited mobility. He just themselves and stayed. And here he was 82 years old and how playing golf and tennis. So I just said, I want to do like what I did with money. I want to go to the very best. But instead of 50, you know, the Warren Buffett's the Ray Dahlia's Carl icons, let's find the top 150, Nobel Laureate scientist, medical doctors. Let's interview them and bring the very best on how to increase your energy and your strength and your vitality. But also, what's the best and diagnostics to prevent it? And what's the best if you're running into real challenges? And so that's how this was created. And I went to Peter and said, I want you to join me on this. You're genius. I went to Bob Wood Help me. And so the three of us worked on this project together. It's been a three year project. And by the way, we're donating 100% of the profits. As I did in my last three books, we're feeding 20 million meals for feeding America. I'm up to 850 million meals. I committed to a billion meals seven years ago. I'm a head of schedule. And the balance is going to be Alzheimer's cancer and heart disease research with some of the best researchers out there. So we've tried to create something that people could enter and use as much as little simple lifestyle changes. I think you and I talked about in the past to what are some of the most high tech solutions that are available. Awesome. We're going to dive into all that hopefully. And just to, you know, on the on the stem cell front and the placenta front, Peter and I were chatting about this, a little bit before off camera. But I I banked my my placenta in 2017 with life bank USA and you know, I this was mind blowing to me. You know, I didn't even know about the the source of, you know, the stem cells in the placenta being people here. The word stem cell. And you know, it's like, okay, stem cell. What is that? Is it, you know, it's a cell that, you know, has the capacity to replenish the different cell types within an organ. But there are stem cells that can form many different types of cells in different organs. And so you can have what's called a pluripontan stem cell, which can form a cell in your heart or your liver or your brain. And and the placenta is actually a rich source of that. And I didn't expect that. And I would say, and everybody listening, if you're pregnant or you someone you know is pregnant, it's something you should consider to bank the, not only the cord blood and the cord blood is the hemopletic stem cells. It's the stem cells that lead to red cells, white cells, you know, immune cells. But if you bank it in placenta, it's rich in these pluripontan stem cells. In fact, I think that the placenta is a three printer that manufacturers the baby, all of the cells that make up the baby come from that placenta. And the placenta is also rich in natural killer cells and T cells, all these immune cells. And what life bank USA does is the decelerize the placenta, saves those cells. And it's like saving, you know, for those of us who remember a boot disk from earliest computers, it's like saving the original software before it gets corrupted. And another thing is that the cells from the placenta haven't developed, they haven't been thiminized yet, they haven't developed a us versus them characteristics. So you can give placental cells to anybody, you know, because the placenta doesn't generate immune reaction against cells and you're don't generate immune reaction against placental cells. There's also, you know, one of the people that we met originally Peter and I both met at the Vatican became good friends with in the investors in his company, is a company that's called Biospice. And they're in the third stage of FDA trials right now. You know, but just so you're listeners know, phase one safety, of course, phase two is efficacy, phase three is efficacy at scale. So in the third phase, they think they'll get approval sometime to late fall or the beginning spring of next year. And literally they discovered the wind pathways with known about it's a signaling system that tells your system, okay, make this many stem cells for the brain, this many from the heart. And as you age, sometimes that signaling system becomes corrupted or less effective. But they figured out how to upregulate or downregulate, whether it's cancer, we want to downregulate growth or upregulate like you want to get osteoarthritis, you want to regrow tendons. And so the one they're getting approval for first is for osteoarthritis, it's a single injection. And in 11 months, you regrow all your tendons. But based on the book disc is was just described. They're like 16 year old tendons, even even 40, 50, 60, or seven years old. That's the world that we're entering to right now. So it's like there are things you can do today. There's things you can do in 12 to 36 months. And that's what this is focused on. Not 10, 20 years ago, what you can do right now to change your life. So Tony, you're all about applied health promoting habits. I know you're a big time fitness enthusiast, you're a cold plunger. What are some of your favorite lifestyle habits that you practice and are most excited about when it comes to living healthier? I'll tell you when I was least excited about, but it become excited about and I get Peter partially credit for this. But I'd also give Dr. Walker from the real scientists from UC Berkeley is kind of the sleep expert. My whole thing was all sleep on my diet. My wife loves eight hours of sleep. I was like four or five hours is more than enough. I got to live this life. And the way he convinced me, Dr. Walker, was he said, Tony, we didn't study. I think it'll convince you. 1.6 billion people. I said, Dr. Mark, you couldn't have coordinated that because I didn't have to. He said, it's called 70 countries that all have daylight savings time. And he said, here's what we found on alarming statistic. When we spring forward and we lose just one hour of sleep. In those 70 countries, over the next three days, heart attacks increase, like clockwork on average 24 percent. When we fall back and get just one more hour of sleep in all those countries, heart attacks drop 21 percent. He also does correlations to traffic accidents. I also showed me the man who who sleeps four to five hours tonight usually has testosterone levels of a person 10 years older than they are. I come at attention. He taught us and he taught all of us some really simple hacks that I now use. One of those is having a consistent time to fall sleep and wake up. And I got to be honest, that one is not perfect for me, by any stretch. The other is that I was working on the sleep chapter for the first time at 6.15, I'm going to be up at 9.30 in the morning. So I knew something was wrong. But now I really worked to get eight hours, which I've never done before. I wear a loop and I measure it. I use an eye mask. I keep the temperature about 65 degrees, which allows you to go deeper. And so I stay away from those blue lights that you know, you wear the little goggles if you want to kind of a rose color glasses. So your brain can go to sleep easily. So it's a really simple thing. But for me, I love cryotherapy. As you know, I love cold therapy. You are the one that got me into son as I obviously knew about son as in use them. But I had no idea the research had showed four to seven times a week could change completely the profile of having art attack or a stroke, changing a blood pressure. And so I'm now quite religious on both sides of the cold and the hot. I find that to be available. I also do hyperbaric oxygen. I'm a big believer in pulse electronic magnetic frequency PMF. I use that as a kind of a birocharger for my body. Because you know, I'm a birohacker. I got to get up and do 12 to 13 hours with 15 or 20,000 people on a stadium who won't sit for a three hour movie for four straight days or seven straight days in these days. I just finished a seminar with 800,000 people for six straight days. Now I'm got to do it through a screen and keep people like, you know, I've got a seminar coming up next week or two weeks and you have 25,000 people in 195 countries. And so we started here attending him. My friends and Australia started midnight and we go 12 and a half hours a day. So they started midnight and they finished like 130 may afternoon. My friends in the, let's say, lemon in five hours ahead of us. So they're starting there. You know, literally every time zone in the world, I got to hold them together. So the level of energy is demand is through the roof. And then of course, there's the understanding of how do you really impact those mitochondria through things like understanding NMM and AD and what the impact of that is, which I'm sure you know is quite powerful to say the least, especially after you turn 40 or 50 years old where that drops off the cliff. I want to ask Peter sort of similar question, but before I go, there's since you mentioned it, like, I mean, anyone that's seen you in action, weather live or virtual or on television, Tony, I mean, you've got incredible mental and physical stamina. Like what's the secret sauce? I mean, is it, is it, I mean, do you, are you disciplined with these, um, with your lifestyle factors? Or, you know, what, tell us. I'm extremely disciplined with my lifestyle factors, but some of them backfired. So I was a vegan for 12 years. And then, you know, when you're burning 11,300 calories, that's my average calorie burn. I have a group that works with Olympic athletes and they travel with me for three years. They tested me. They were 70,000 our device that measured everything. Heart rate variability. They took my saliva. They took my blood. But we're 11,300 calories on an average day on stage, 12 hour day. Actually, the device only lasts the nine hours. The battery died. I kept going in three hours. I jumped a thousand times, not to give an idea. And an average day, and they explained to me, I'm 282 pounds. Every time I come down, it's four times your body. So imagine a thousand pounds, times a thousand jumps, a million pounds of pressure in one day. If you saw my bone density, you always said, these are humans. These are Olympic athletes. This is something we've never seen. I have 99.9% higher bone density than anything they've ever measured to give you an idea. I have 15 pounds more of lean muscle mass than the average alignment. If I'm, if you're running with a friend, and you can't talk anymore, you're lucky to get us. It's about four. I'm at 18, and still speaking. So I went from being a vegan at one stage, because it's just burning so many calories to having fish. But the fish I chose in four to sound fish, sound fish with sword fishing tuna. And this one thing's Peter and I both teach people now. You've got to do a blood test around metals. Because undernone's to me, those are older fish. The younger fish, they have sore ball their mercury, plus my DNA did not in that way as well. Just the way I was operated. I got to zero on a zero to five scale. I was 123. The highest they've ever measured in the state of New York. The Florida, uh, helped the partner was notified by New York. They came out and investigated, talked to my staff. They thought my wife was trying to kill me because I have a life life, my four-dly venture as a policy. It was not true. It was the fish. So sometimes you're trying to be really disciplined. So I've been very disciplined. I'm very disciplined by body and my workouts. But I think there's also the psychological emotional part, which we do talk about last two chapters of the book. I think they're the most important pieces. Because you can do everything right with your body and your mind and your emotions can mess it all up. So we all know about Pasebo's obviously and most people don't know they actually really discovered in World War II. A doctor who is treating people ran out of morphine and as you know they go on a shock without that not to mention the pain. It was actually a nurse that changed the world. She handed him saline solution and said, oh we got some more morphine since he believed that he told these patients with total certainty. You'll be out of a pain in next minute or two and you're going to be fine. Well none of them went into shock. 90% of them were out of pain with no drugs. It was just and so when he came back to Harvard after World War II, he basically started the standard. We now have for a most old drug you're comparing to you know, a placebo. But what most put on no is you can make yourself sick or well. The first of all the size of the placebo, the size of your invention changes everything. A little pill certainly actually a big pill more and injection even more. But in the book we gave it also an example of the Vettins Administration for knee surgeries they decided to do a third of the surgeries as sham surgeries placebo surgeries. They just put a mark, sewed the person up and did nothing to the knee. A year later, the patients that had no treatment but thought they had had no pain, talked about how mobile they were compared to the ones that were. They don't even find it anymore. And it's more than that. I'm sure you know Harvard's done studies where they take someone and give them a real drug. Not a placebo, a barbituate. It's going to knock you on the ground to slow you down and they go, big giant drug pill. This is an infediment. You need to be prepared what's going to do for you. Two a man or woman or body speed up. So understanding the power of your mind to shift things and also your emotions to have the quality of your life to me is most important. So my injury comes from discipline and training and it's very intense. I do everything by acting. You could imagine. But it's also fulfillment. And I think successful not fulfillment is the biggest failure in life for anyone. And so for me it's a virtuous circle. I believe I made for this. I'm here to serve. It doesn't matter the hours I'll go into. We'll make this thing happen. And I pour so much into the people and that energy comes back. And so it becomes like a turbocharger. And so it gives me an enormous level of energy. And I'm doing things at 62 that I wasn't able to do when I was 29 to give in essence. And so a lot of that is some of these tools that we talk about. But you can't leave out the psychology and the emotion of your life as well. Peter, similar question. Tell me a little bit about the lived Peter, D. M. and his longevity routine. Do you have a protocol you follow? Do you have a comprehensive approach? I know you're a co-founder of human longevity. So I'm curious to know about your, your, yeah, I do. I do. And I value it more and more every year because I think the better care I take of myself, the more likely I am intercept all of the new biotech solutions that are coming our way. We can talk a little bit about a deal of longevity, a skate velocity, later, which is, which is an idea that we're going to be scientists, it's going to be extending our lives significantly. We have to get there. One of my missions, Rhonda is making 100 years old and you're 60 right? How do you add 30 or 40 health years on our lives? So for me, it's the fundamentals. Sleep. I'm religious about getting eight hours of sleep. We talked about that a little bit. Diet on a diet side. I have to the maximum degree possible. I'm not perfect, but gotten rid of sugar. It's like sugar equals poison. It's indoor inflammatory. It causes cardiac disease. It feeds cancer. There are so many reasons. And so minimizing sugar and focusing on whole plant. More of a Mediterranean diet for me, given my genetics exercise. Tony is probably a lot more on exercise, but I lift twice a week and I try to get 10,000 steps a day. I do some lighter exercise, but it's every day. It's keeping the body in motion. One of the things I do, Rhonda, that I think is so critically important, is every year I go for a digital upload. What does that mean? Most of us are optimistic about our body. We think we're fine. Nothing. Nothing. You're fine. Keep going. You don't want to go to the doctor. Don't know. But what we have built and full disclosure, 29 are co-founders of this company. We talk about it in the book because I think it's so important people to know about a company called called Fountain Life and similar company called Human One Jevity and Health Nucleus. Once a year I go and get digital upload. I happened to have done it yesterday. So I went to the facility in Naples, Florida. I did a full body MRI, brain MRI, brain basculature MRI, and those MRIs now are very low false positives. But I'm looking for any aneurysms, looking for cancers, and it turns out historically for people in my age group, 2% have a cancer. They don't know about. 2.5% have an aneurysm in about 14.4% have something that's found that you need to take action on. And so my goal is to find it at the very beginning at state zero. Something is going to find something eventually. And I'm going to say thank you. And I'm going to take action immediately, try and get it. Besides the full body MRI, which is looking for cancers, we do a gray liquid biopsy, which can find 50 different cancers in your bloodstream. It turns out as cancer cells are growing and dividing very rapidly. Some of the cells rupture and you get free-floating DNA in the bloodstream will grow, which is now part of a lumina, started by Jeff Hoover. We can tell his story. They were able to determine and find from a blood draw. Any number of 50 different cancer DNA sequences. And tell you, you've got cancer someplace in your body than the MRI can help you localize and find it. Then we do another thing called a clearly coronary CT. So the company is called clearly. It's a coronary CT as part of this felt-life procedure. And it's an extraordinary AI-driven CT CT that is looking for soft plaque. So you hear about a calcium score and people go, oh my god, I've got a thousand calcium score. Well, that's okay because a high calcium score means that the plaque in your coronary arteries have been calcified and are unlikely to rupture. What really is a concern is soft plaque. And you've seen people with a zero in calcium score having a heart attack where the plaque in the side of the coronary arteries can rupture and then go and block the coronary artery, starve it from oxygen, your heart oxygen, and give you a heart attack. But with this AI algorithm does, is it's able to find the soft plaque and then you're able to monitor it and able to stabilize it. And there's a whole set of meds that I take. Besides that, there's a dexascan, there's your genome, your gut biology, your all of your blood tests, 150 gigabytes of data. And so I do that every year. And I feel antsy until I get a done. And now, you know, there's an amazing sense of relief. So I do that. There's a whole bunch of supplements we can talk about though it's as well. But I mean, it's still the basics. All right, it's still very good. I'd love to amplify that for a second for you. So, you know, the National Cancer Society did a study of 100,000 people. And they found that if you get something at stage three or stage four, you have an 80% chance of dying. I like it. Like it's 20% chance of living or what to do. But their point is well made. It's really hard to turn around. If you get a stage one or two, you have an 80 to 99 point 9% chance of survival. And the problem is we have certain tests mammograms, colonoscopies. But the ones that usually get us are the ones that we're not able to find. So this grail test is life-changing this area. And again, the gentleman who created it, lost his wife to cancer because they found it too late. And most of the heroes in the book have something in common. They lost a husband, a wife, a son or a daughter, and it pushed them to find answers that were beyond the standards of care for 20 or 30 years. And I'm a CTA test, the clearly test. You know, one of our partners, you know, he built 12 possible as owns 12 hospitals. He's so tired to sit care. That's why he's part of where the stil pinies found in life centers. And he calls me as a very understated guide because we have this new breakthrough and he said we've got first access. And he said Tony, you know, understates everything. He's talking real gentle. He goes, I really think it's one of the greatest breakthroughs in cardiology in 10 years. So him saying that you listen. So he explained to me how it opens up the arteries and how you get this score and they can predict the heart attack five years in advance and show you what to do. So I was with my 80-year-old stepfather, it happened to be visiting. A great man built his own company, one-br company was always pretty strong in built. But, you know, got older and people around him saying you're 80, got to get your will, got to get things together. I could see these last two or three years, just the energy dropping. Again, psychology is not just physiology. And so I said, hey, Dad, I said, I'm going to go do this test. I explained it. I said, look, we're both at a stage of life where we probably have some soft plaques, but those jaws where they are and what to do to clear it up. I said, why don't you come, he said, all right. And my father does the test. And he's clear. I mean, he's like he has no soft plaques at all. Zero. And his entire mindset changed. I was better than I was five years ago. I was doing really great. But he literally had nothing. And then while we're there, you know, there's some brain and techniques that are amazing, we work some of the world class athletes. I've had it done. You know, when you enter yourself, connective tissue can harden up and you don't get the fluid. You're on the organization or the traps and nerve. I had an ankle that for 15, 16 years is bothering. You couldn't touch it without the nerve spiring off. And they go in and they use ultrasound and they show exactly what's going on. They open it with this fluid. You know, an often they'll use something, you know, that will help heal that process to me in which process they use. But now I had it done. It was two years ago. My ankle's perfect. So I said to them, my dad, what makes him feel all this, pain and not able to walk so well, you hit problem. So he now knows his heart's perfect. So I said, Dad, what do you like these guys look at you here? And you know what I did to my ankle? So they looked him found two locations where it was all being locked down, open it up with some of this fluid. He about a half hour later he's walking perfectly. I mean, smoothly, zero pain. So we get on the plane. He crosses arms and he goes, you know, he's we'll talk about living 110 on a 20, 25 by that because you know, 20, my heart's perfect. You know, I'm walking perfect. I could live another 20 years. I could live a 200. You only know my daughter for 22 years. He goes like another lifetime. It's completely changes psychology. So it's not just about, oh my God, I need to do this. It's like ignorance is poverty. It's just pain. ignorance can be death. And today there's some tools there that can change it all. And they're very fundamental. One more hormones, every woman, you know, especially women in their 30s or 40s knows about hormones because of menopause. But hormone replacement therapy, he just laid the point where there's a problem. And now there as you know, there's precision in hormone optimization therapy. And even for men like we had a gentleman come in and he's 36 pounds overweight, listless, frustrated with his life, working out, or nothing working, said, if we look at your hormones. Because oh yeah, they're you're there fine, they're just fine. We look up and do the hormone testing is test out something was like 225. Well, most doctors won't intervene until it's like 175. Most men don't feel alive. If they're not in a 7 800 900 range. So small changes life in three months, he loses 36 pounds. He feels 10 years younger, your life changes. So it isn't just about avoid disease. It's about optimization. It's about what do you do right now that can give you the quality of life that maybe you had earlier, or you may be never had because things weren't about. Let's shift gears and talk about more big picture. Let's talk about the aging process in general. And Peter, I know you have some interesting opinions on this. I do. Yeah, so I mean one of the questions to ask yourself is why do we age? I mean you've got the same genome when you're born as you're doing your 20 and 40 and 60 and 80 and you lift 100, same genome at 100, right? 3.2 billion letters from your mom, 3.2 billion letters from your dad. Why don't you look like you're looking for when you're in 20s? Well, it turns out it isn't your genes. It's which genes are on and which genes are off. It's the regulation of your genes, which we call the epigenome from the Greek word for above, you know, the regulation above the genome. And it's a challenge to understand this and really it's, you know, the breakthroughs the last decade. And Dr. David Sinclair, who wrote incredible book lifespan, talks about this. It doesn't, it does a great job there. But your epigenome, the analogy I use in the book is that your genes which are not your destiny, they are part of a destiny, but not your destiny. And genes are sort of the keys of a piano. And your epigenome is the piano player. Now it turns out that the control of your epigenome in part is handled by seven, sir two in genes, seven, sir two in enzymes. And those sir two in have two primary functions in life. Number one, they control your epigenome. They control which your genes are on and which your genes are off. The other thing it does, which is massively significant for your life, is they facilitate DNA repair. And so as we're getting older and we're exposed to radiation, you know, flying in airplanes or smoke or, you know, chemicals in the environment, and we start getting accumulating more and more DNA damage, your sir two ends are spending more more time repairing your DNA instead of controlling which genes are off. And there's just this constant struggle back and forth. And as you get older, because the function of DNA repair is so critical, they're basically, they're basically distracted from their epigenome. And then, you know, Tony talked about the this concept of an AD and AD is sort of a fuel in the cell that powers these sir two ends. And we can talk more detail here, but the an AD in your mitochondria and side to your cells, you know, is pretty good in your in your teen's, 20's and 30's, but then in your 40's, into your 50's, it falls off rapidly. So just when you need more active sir two ends as the DNA damage is increasing, the fuel supply of the sir two ends starts plummeting. And then all of a sudden, you're not able to, you know, control your epigenome and we get aging. We get aging significant way. And so that's just fundamental right now. And the question is how do you change it? How do you fix it? How do you up regulate the NAD in your cells? And how do you, you know, really focus sir two ends and give them the ability to focus on both the DNA repair and the epigenome control? And one of the pieces that NAD does that I'm sure you probably know is that also affects the mitochondria directly, the ability to build energy in the cell. And they need the, you know, the sir two ends need the NAD for fuel, but NAD needs NMM as I know as the precursor to make all that possible. Well, you can go get NMM, but with Dr. Sinclair, we studied six companies, we took their products see how much in NM, are you really getting? And there was none in any of the products somewhere $30 a month, some or $120 a month. But that's the lab guy said, I mean, these people just cheats a lot of it comes from China. And he said, well, they could be some do, but he said, it breaks down in 30 to 45 days. So about time somebody gets this product, it's usually inert. I said, that's insane. So David has come up with his own products, but he's also done something even more amazing. He's patting up with a group called Eating Rock. And this group, well, let me first tell you. And then if you take an old mouse, meaning like a 70 year old equivalent is a human is about a 24 month mouse, as I'm sure you know. And you put them on, you know, a running platform, they can go maximum 1,000 a quarter of a kilometer. But a young powerful mouse can be four times a much a full kilometer. Well, 14 days on NMN. And now the NAD gets in is the absorptions about 30 percent. And that's same animal that's equivalent of 70 year old animal, we're one two to three kilometers, two to three hundred percent more than the youngest youngest animals. But then the question you got to ask yourself is, well, my studies are nice, but do they really translate to humans? So eating rock put together a hundred of some of the people we all know, some of the greatest researchers out there. And unlike some of these other companies, they have really focused on developing a product. And the product was, okay, highly create an NMN that can sustain and be more observable. And they came up with a synthetic crystallized form. It's called MIB626. And I'm not going to answer the rest of the world, but it's now out as about two weeks ago, the daily mail talked about it. It got out. They've been working with our special forces for two years. They proved it safely. They made proven it's efficacy. And the FDA now doing a parallel study. But this commander got so excited that he let the bean spill. And he's, I can't tell you the specifics, because I'm an investor in the company, but I can't tell you what he said. So you know, he acknowledged the fact that what they saw happening when mice happened with a strongest manning women that we know. They don't have that much more to get better. They're so strong. But he said they're endurance exploded. They're muscle development from the same stimulus increase significantly. But the most powerful thing was cognition. Because when you're out there under stress and you're exhausted, you can keep your brain together. So that the studies have been doing now because I'm sure you know what COVID it goes into your mitochondria and basically steal some of the energy. That's part of the problem with fatigue. So there's a phase three trial going on right now for prevent COVID and for long-term COVID. There's one on kidneys because the impact has with COVID. And then they have these endurance ones. So their projection right now is they believe they'll get approval in the next 24 months. Perhaps it's early as 18, but more likely 24 months. It will not be a neutral cynical. It will be a sustained, crystallized form that you could get from your doctor. So imagine there's a natural substance in your body that is dropped by more than 50 percent. And now you can supplement it with something that has 300 percent absorption more than you would have had before. That now turns on and off the right genes, reduces inflammation the body. We all know the basis of it. And helps you might have a more energy while simultaneously helping those two ones to clean up your DNA damage all one time. So these are some of the things that there's things you can do right now like in an end. But those are things that are coming in the next 12 to 36 months that are truly life-changing. That's one of the most exciting. Well I look forward to seeing that data and it's interesting. There's I've had sort of mixed feelings with not mixed feelings. I mean, my excitement and held holding my excitement back a little bit. I had David David on the podcast a couple of years back when we talked about a lot of this research. And there was some evidence that taking either an amen or nicotine, my ribonucleotide, ribonucleotide, and our, you know, can increase any D levels in humans in the blood. But there was a study, I think it was the rabbiwitz lab, published that this was an animal that even really high doses of both of these precursors, NAD precursors, both NR and NMN were unable to raise NAD levels in other tissues as how to deliver. So muscle brain, for example, there's no change. And there's a lot of mechanisms involved in that. But like you know, I'm wondering if some of the effects you were talking about also maybe indirect from raising it in the blood, perhaps maybe that's signal- very possible. But they've just got the blood back two weeks ago, including what's in the muscles. And again, I can't reveal because I'm not at liberty to do that. But what I can tell you is they're very excited about what they've seen. It's greater response than they had hoped for. Awesome, super cool. In addition, in addition to the certumans, which are one very important and interesting piece to the aging puzzle, I know that you are aware of some of the technology and research that have come out of one Carlos Belmontez lab at the Solkins Institute, where he is shown that you can take a phenotype for a mouse, which is an accelerated aging phenotype. And add these four macarons, the yammonoc effectors, which for people listening these are four different transcription factors that were discovered by Dr. Shinya and Yamanaka, was it 2006 or I got the Nobel Prize. For figuring out that these transcription factors, if you add them to an adult cell, a cell that's perhaps a skin cell or a kidney cell, and you can completely reprogram that cell into a pluripotin stem cell that can become any type of cell, like we were talking about, you know, the percent of being a source of. And so it sort of reprograms that epigenome that Peter you were talking about into a clean slate and allows it to then become a new cell type. But what, you know, Juan Carlos Belmontez lab, and there's some others that have done this in vitro, but he was really the first to show this in an animal. It's called interrupted cellular reprogramming, where you don't, you don't want to make an adult cell lose its identity. You wanted to just, you know, basically wipe the program free, but still be the same cell, so you wanted to become a younger, so to speak. So he showed this proof of principal study that adding these yammonoc effectors, but pulsing them throughout the life of these animals that are having an accelerated aging phenotype, he could essentially reverse aging. And it was to me, I mean, I got chills when I went to the study, but it's like, this is it. This is what I've been looking for, you know. You know about doctors and Claire's work, or they're storing their mice's vision, we're using the three of the four yammonoc effectors. Yeah, that's a double above that. Yeah, that's true. The audience though. I was the cover of Science last in December of 2020, it was like, you know, landmark work, where instead of using all four yammonoc effectors, David took a mouse that had aged out. It'd become blind with glaucoma and lost it's side. And he gave it three of the four yammonoc effectors without one of them that causes the cause cancer. And Lone Behold, the visual system of the mice, became young again to the point where they regain their vision. And it's since been repeated in the cardiac system of mice. And you know, David, George's George Church, another Harvard genomicsist who you know, is now working on doing this in dogs. And when you ask David and George when they think these yammonoc ad transcription factors, effectively a gene therapy to create this youthfulness when we might see that in humans, you know, in early trials, it blows me away when they say it's going to be this decade. That is, that is amazing. Totally amazing. I have a sort of tangent question and I I'm just out of my own curiosity Peter, want to know your thoughts on this because I know, you know, you know, there's a company forming that's recruiting some of the top aging researchers and recruiting them out of academia. In some cases, they're luring them with with an academic, it doesn't pay scientists, glamourous salaries, unless, you know, they discover, you know, start a company about a company and get lucky, whatever. And so they're getting the, you know, this comes getting the biggest names and aging and putting them all together. And I'm super excited because one of the, you know, big areas they're going to explore is this interrupted cellular programming. I'm just interested what your thoughts are the pros of cons of. Well, I got excited about it. I got excited about it too. And I know, you know, you're a millionaire in Jeff Bezos who's who funded this and in a friend of mine Morgan Levine who is at Yale got sucked up into this and she's now a founding principal moving to where you are down in San Diego. So it's very cool. I mean, this is in the context of probably five to ten billion dollars a year going into age reversal longevity health span expanding research. Right. So that's out of his labs. We just saw Brian Armstrong co-founder of Coinbase, starting new company called new limits to go after this, you know, using gene therapy to extend the help human lifespan. We've seen the kingdom of Saudi Arabia and and the Crown Prince in Dubai co-fund something called evolution to billions of dollars where they're, it's a nonprofit, but they're investing in extending the healthy human lifespan. I mean, you know, Tony and I talk about this is that health is in you wealth and I don't think there's a bigger marketplace on the planet. Right. It's like you still can't take it with you and if you could spend your money to extend your lifespan, it's massively viable. Now the question I think you're asking is is that going to make people less hungry to do this? Having a fact checkbook. I remember we were talking about this before, you know, Google created Calico, which you know stands for California longevity company or something like that. And you know, invested billions of dollars, they hired Art Levinson, who is also a chairman of Apple and was the CEO of Genentech to run Calico. And you know, the question is, are we seeing revolutionary research and breakthroughs coming out or are these kinds of companies or do we need this to be in the commercial in the in the university world? I'm a libertarian capitalist. I always think companies are going to go faster and take more risk and do this stronger work. So my bent is to be more excited that less excited. But then again, you know, I'm also doing an age reversal exercise because I want to get as many labs and companies around the world competing to solve this problem because, you know, every day I'm getting older. Well, you know, Eden Rock, the reason I want to be as invested in them, they have a different approach. They have an incentivized approach for all of them. So it's all based on rewards of performance. It's not a fact check. And personally, I'd prefer that strategy. I think the competitive strategy I have in a pretty short result to be rewarded is very different than somebody getting comfortable and starting taking their time due to research about being tied to an outcome or a measurable result. So I'm really impressed with what I've seen come out of there. But I'm thrilled that everybody's doing it and I think Peter's expires as a great gift because you know, these people competing and to to you know, at least historically as we all know, that usually brings the greatest result. But listen, having this much capital, this many brilliant main minds, all being driven to try to resolve the riddle of aging, it looks really damn good for us. You know, you might want to come back to Peter. I don't know, mentioning, you know, escape velocity and what that really means in terms of time. Yeah. So it's interesting. There's a concept called longevity escape velocity run. I know you know this, but your viewers and listeners, I think it's important. Today, we're seeing this massive investment in biotech and health tech. And it's lengthening our lifespan, right? So 100 years ago, the average lifespan was, you know, under 40 today. It's in the upper 70s. Hopefully soon, it will be into 90s and hundreds. But on the average every year that you live, science extends your life by about a quarter of a year. So for every four years, you're adding an additional year. Well, there's a concept called longevity escape velocity that Reikerswell talks about. Rei wrote our opening intro for the book. And the concept is that there's going to be a point as science continues to advance that for every year you're alive, science is extending your life for greater than a year. And all of a sudden, it's a departure where you're living long enough to live forever. And so the question I asked Rei was, when do you expect we're going to see longevity escape velocity? And I was sort of shocked by his answer. He said, probably in about a dozen years. But then when I was even more excited about what was, I, you know, I said, Reis, you know, an optimist about technology. He's got 30 years of predictions that have an 86% accuracy rate. If you go in Google Reikerswell's prediction. So he's pretty good at predicting things. And I went on to George Church at Harvard Medical School, I was intervening him for this book. And I just threw it us in Joe George. You know, you talk about longevity escape velocity. When do you think we're going to hit it? And he said, probably within 15 years. And I'm like, you know, just blew my mind. That idea that if we're able to stay healthy enough to really be in reasonable shape 15 years from now, that we're going to intercept technologies that can add additional decades onto our life. And then by the way, drink those additional decades, science isn't stopping. It's accelerating. So you're going to intercept even more technologies that are added decades to your life. So this is a magical time to be alive. And as I tell everybody in my family and friends in this book, you know, just don't want to die from something stupid in the interim. Where do you're helmet when you're skiing, where you're seatbelt, do your uploads, fine cancer. We're going to have it, you know, at the very beginning. We've talked a lot about, you know, cellular rejuvenation about the Yammonocca factors, epigenetic, clocroversal sort of two ends. All these really exciting aspects and technologies in the field of aging. And it's really striking in some ways that the mechanism for some of these facets of biological age, they already seem to be here in us. And yet evolution seems to have mostly withheld it from us. Have you, have you given any thought Peter? Yeah. Yeah. For good, like, what up? Why? Why? You know, first of all, you have to realize that there are species of on this planet. You know, the Bohedwell lives 200 years old. You know, the Greenland shark can live 500 plus years old. I remember when I was in medical school, I was watching this TV show on Long Live Sea Life. And I was saying, well, if they could live like hundreds of years, why can't we? And I remember the moment in time, I said, it's either hardware, problem or software problem. And we're going to be able to fix it. Well, that time, I believe, is now, it's the next few decades. And it turns out that we were never engineered to lift past age 30. You know, we would go into puberty at age 12 or 13 before birth control. We'd be pregnant by age 13 or 14. And then by the time you were 27, 28, 29 years old, your baby was having a baby. And if you wanted to perpetuate the human species, the worst thing you could do was to eat the food that was going to go to your grandchildren because they died. And, you know, ultimately, we were not intended to live past age 30. We would die, give, you know, the food supplied to our next generation. And so none of the factors that we're seeing in terms of dysregulation, loss of optimization of our hormones, growth factors, all of these things. You know, we, we dysregulate after the age of 30, we see this plummeting of the stem cell population, you know, stem cell exhaustion the body, because it was never selected against. And what we're trying to do now by instead of, you know, Darwinism, this is evolution by human intelligence. We're trying to like, you know, change the clocks and change the factors and add them back in and get us back to optimal state of what we were like in our 20s and 30s. And we're doing it by supplementation. Soon we'll be doing it using gene therapies and CRISPR. But the idea that, you know, there's some magic limitation that we can't overcome, I don't believe it. I do believe we're going to be able to add many decades, perhaps centuries on to our life. And that brings up a different question, which is, most people do not have a full life living to age 65 or 70 in terms of fulfillment. And so the real question is what do you do when life is no longer scarce? Because scarcity does create some sense of value, right? I want to take advantage of what's here. And you know, there's an old twilight zone piece that actually recurs well, told me about decades ago. And it goes like does it, some man who dies and he goes to have any, of course, he's a gambler. So heaven is Vegas. And where is he find himself the top of the number one hotel? He's in the presidential suite. He opens up the drawers and the cupboards and everything he has brand new suits and jewelry puts it on. There's credit cards and cash. He goes down. He starts to gamble. And sure enough, he gambles playing 21, 21, 21, blackjack, blackjack. You wins continuously. Suddenly, there's a group of women around him. Now he goes and rolls the dice. He's playing crap. He wins. He wins. He wins. He wins. He's out of his mind. He goes home to that night. He's not alone. He's quite happy with the people that are joining him in the situation that you're joining him. He wakes up the next morning. He starts to whole thing all over again. After three weeks of doing this, he starts to get pissed. He gets angry. And at one point, you win. You win. You win. You win. And he says, I always win. And he says, I want to talk to that angel. I want to talk to that angel. And they bring this man who looks like Guylamardy and a taxi. He walks up and he says, sirs, they're a problem. He said, yes, he said, I'm constantly winning. I win every time. He said, listen, I wasn't that good a person. I don't like this. He said, I'm not supposed to be in heaven. And the angel said, who said you're an heaven. And the idea is that if we just got everything we wanted, if there was no limitation on everything, would we find the meaning? And I think that's the real going to be the next lesson for humanity. It's finding how we use this additional time and these additional resources or something greater than ourselves. Because what the fills people is not just hanging out and living. When you look at it, it's one primary emotion. It's progress. It's feeling like you're growing and because you're growing up, something to give. If you don't grow, it doesn't matter how much money you have, doesn't matter. And we build knowledge, you have many stars on your chart. It doesn't matter. You will not be fulfilled because what makes us a live is growing. You're looking at people who achieve a goal and they have one or two reactions. Oh my God, this is amazing for a moment. Is this all there is? Or a goal, whether I can't even believe I achieved this after all this in the thrill, but for how long? A year of happiness? Nine months, six months, three months, three weeks, three days, three hours, most people are somewhere between three hours and three months. Because we're not made to sit at the table of success too long. We get fat and we get bored. We need progress. We need to grow because when we grow, we have something to give. And that's what makes life meaningful. So in Peter and I were together and talking to all these experts who are doing a generous medicine and Peter, you know, what his passion says, how many want to live to be 120 years old? Two thirds of people did not raise their hands. Because in Peter was, I remember a press conference, I figured you predict this. I said, you can predict this because most people's idea of 120 is, you know, I lost my memory on a look so good and an ex so good, but it's like there has to be a deeper meaning and we have to be able to shift that. And I think that is the newest opportunity that humanity will have in the coming decades. You bring up a couple of what are you going to do, Tony, when you're like 150 or mean. I don't know. I got a 10 month old daughter. I got five kids and five grandkids. I got a 48 year old daughter. I got a 10 month old daughter. So I'm happy to hand a hundred and be vibrant and alive. I don't have to be old enough. But if I am trust me, there's always something to learn and grow. That's not something that's ever going to go away. Well, you brought up another really important point was the happiness and the fulfillment. You know, there was a P&A study published back in 2019 that found a direct association between happiness and longevity and people that had the highest levels of happiness lived the longest. They were more likely. And this was true for both men and women. They were born right. And optimist would go on her too. Optimist. Yes. That was the this was the study. Optimist. And I guess they're an optimism and happiness. And whether or not you're right about your optimism, just having that mindset is a positive indicator. People need a compelling future. Anyone can deal the tough today. If there's a compelling amount of energy and health, it makes it a lot easier. If you have a psychology, that's optimistic and makes you find a deeper or a greater meaning. This is one of the things we taught me. Sorry, go ahead. Yeah. One of the things we taught about the book is, you know, if you're in pain, the last thing you want to do is add a decade to your life. Right. And it's really about giving yourself a life where you've got the vitality, your pain free. And if you have those two things, plus your cognition and your mobility, you know, everything is possible. Your next career. Right. Your next startup, your next moon shot, whatever it might be, but that's fundamental. You know, when I talk to people who are youthful, independent of their age, that's the characterization. They love life. They're excited to see what happens next. When people are in pain, you know, the idea of another decade of life is just miserable for them. Yeah. I mean, I think the pain definitely can and blunt some of that, you know, but there's also as Tony was mentioning that that learning aspect that drive that passion, that thing that you feel like you have a purpose in life, you know, and of course pain can, you know, play it can, it can, it can affect all of that, that is well, but, but there are people with a men's pain who live a very long life because they have a meaningful life. They have something live for it. There's any common denominator in my experience of people who have a great experience of life. There's gratitude as a base somewhere inside them, but it's also that they're living for something more than themselves because it doesn't take that much to meet your own needs. But if there's something you love more than yourself, your children, your family, your community, something you want to serve for humanity, there's just a different burst of energy and a liveness that seems to sustain people. That sense of purpose, I believe, is the single most important component because you do a lot of people don't take care of their body, but they're crippled up, but they still make things happen because they have that internal drive. And that's why the last two chapters of the book are how you ignite that, how you take control of that. It's a very important part. Peter, I want to just for a second, shift gears and ask you a question again out of my own curiosity. Anyone that knows anything about you knows, you're very passionate about human space travel. And you know, there have been a variety of studies that have sort of been on my radar over the years that have looked at astronauts that have gone on the international space station and then stayed there for six months through year and how they're being exposed to cosmic radiation and other types of solar things. And you know, essentially being in space is causing accelerated DNA damage. There's chromosomal instability. It's affecting the aging process. And so if there's any hope that humans not only are going to spend time on the international space station or in space, but have it other planets or, you know, get a point where we're traveling to other planets. We need to like get this aging thing figured out because, you know, that's going to be an important component. It is, you know, actually it's funny because space has always been one of my higher-purpose drivers for longevity. It's like I really want to go and live on the moon for a while ago and my asteroids want to go and build space coins. I truly do. It's like the nine-year-old in me, right, that was got its vitality and energy from that scientific documentary called Star Trek. The end of the day, those things are really happening in the next few decades. So I want to see them and participate in them and longevity, you know, the idea of longevity and health span is driven for me in part to see this future. Plus, I have two-teneral boys, which, you know, I want to see there in the next 50 years, 100 years. What gives me hope in this Ronda is another friend, Buzz Aldrin, who's now in 92 years old. Right, and the first Apollo 11 mission. He said numerous missions in the space. He's been outside of the Van Allen belts walking on the moon, you know, at least nine days outside the Van Allen belts going there, landing, coming back. So he's had a very high exposure radiation. And of course, we talked about earlier that what drives aging, not totally, but to a large degree, is this competition between the Sir Tuins repairing DNA as you get more and more damage over the years and controlling your epigenome. So DNA damage does cause aging of all tissues in the body. So yeah, we're going to have to deal with it. Maybe we're going to deal with it by getting decent shielding. Maybe we're going to deal with it by actually adding better radiation repair genes, and, you know, by genetically engineering, a new generation of humans versus just assuming we're going to keep what we've evolved here on this planet and take it to the stars. You guys mentioned this in your book, the gene therapy and probably one of the most, the best ones that we have available today is the CRISPR gene therapy. What do your thoughts? I mean, first of all, what's your favorite story? Chris success story for CRISPR in humans? Good night to Jack for one moment. I'm so sorry, but I have a live broadcast. I've got to go to. So I've got to sign off. So I'll leave you with Peter and I really enjoyed our time run. That as I always do. Likewise, thanks Tony. Thank you so much. See you, brother. Thank you. So to pick up on that, you know, CRISPR's extraordinary, right? This is the one the Nobel Prize in 2022 incredible women, Jennifer Dowdner, here from the UC California system, part of the Gladstone Institute. We, you know, the conversation on CRISPR, which is life-changing, is that we can use this technology to not treat disease, but cure diseases. So we're seeing CRISPR treatments and CRISPR cures for sickle selenemia, for thalosemia, which I think is extraordinary. We're seeing CRISPR now being used in a trial to cure someone who's got HIV, who's going to treat the infection, who's got AIDS. We just saw CRISPR being used to edit the PCS K9 enzyme in the liver. It's being done among these as not to meant to humans yet, but it's as the demonstrated ability to reduce your LDL levels by 60%, which means you're knocking out a lot of heart disease, both cardiovascular disease and stroke. We've seen CRISPR being used within injection in the back of the eye to cure a specific form of congenital blindness. I mean, I think we're going to see in the next decade at most 15 years, CRISPR being used to basically treat and get rid of in individuals almost every genetic disease. We're going to put genetic disease behind us. That's just incredible. What do you think about using CRISPR gene therapy for tuning up our longevity genes? I mean, the curing disease is one thing, right? I'm much more experimental. I think than most, it's funny, Tony and I both are experimental in our lives. We call each other our code, you know, chief guinea pigs. And I'm, you know, what I've been working to do is try and find the smartest positions I can bring them in sort of an advisory board. There are things today like solidic medicines, right, rapid-myosin and and, and bastin, of course, it in. There's other treatments like total plasma exchange that are being experimented with. One of my other favorite gene therapies to go back to that is some work that was done by Deepak Shiva Stava. We talk about him in the book he's the president of the Glasson Institute. And when you have a heart attack and your heart muscle dies because of a lack of oxygen, what grows back is a fibrotic tissue, fibroblast. And what Dr. Shia Stava has done is used gene therapy and I call it sort of cellular alchemy to go and convert those fibroblasts into myocytes. So if you have a heart that has a very poor injection fraction because it's not able to really contract and pump the heart out, be blood out because it's not enough myocytes cardiac muscle tissue there. The idea of going to the fibroblast tissue which is just connective tissue and then basically take them back to a level of pleuripotency and then convert them back to myocytes for me sounds, you know, magical. This is the kind of stuff that's going on that I think we're just at the beginning of it. Fascinating. You mentioned Plasma Extinge. What's the latest on that? I mean, I know I've been following the research a lot of it coming out of the Convoys lab at UC Berkeley, out of Harvard. I know Amy Wager has had done some work a while ago, but you know this idea of taking you know factors in the blood, either factors in young blood and helping you know to reverse aging in older blood or opposite, you know older blood has factors that can accelerate aging and so get rid of the factors. So yeah, I mean we talk about I was so in a different part of total Plasma Extinge but I'll go into what you're saying which is the early parabiosy experiments and this was done years ago and Bob Hary, who I mentioned earlier, did a lot of this early work as well. Amy Wager's lab, if you mentioned it at Harvard, just done a lot of the pioneering work. If you take the circulatory system of a young mouse and an old mouse, you put them together, the old mouse gets younger and the young mouse gets older and there was a great parody of this in that in the television series Silicon Valley, which I'm sure you've seen where the billionaire person has his blood boy who is you know 20 years old and they've exchanging blood. Well it's not that not that easy or safe or doable, but what Amy found in her lab was a certain factor called GDF-11 that goes down as you age and it appears that maybe there are factors that pull a GDF-11 out of circulation, maybe there are antibodies, maybe there are the factors. And if you give GDF-11 to older mice, it seems to have all the benefits that this blood exchange has, this young blood has. And so there is a company today spun out of Harvard that is called Oliven, that is actually developing GDF-11 and taking it into clinical trials against a number of different chronic diseases. And the idea that we can isolate that factor that makes the old mice young again and just give that factor by itself is fascinating. Exciting. Yeah. I mean, it's all of these things, right? It's not just one approach and again billions of dollars going in, the biggest marketplace in the world. And there's nothing more valuable than a person's health, the old saying which I love, the person who has their health as a thousand dreams and the man who a woman who does not has but one dream is so true. There's one other area I wanted to kind of talk to you about. I when I was skimming through your book, you know, you've been Tony's book, Life Force. There is the organ regeneration. And I really excited because Anthony, Dr. Anthony Atala, who my husband sort of months, a few months, he probably maybe a year, a year, a year, a year, a year ago. He sent me this YouTube link. You've got to see this guy, you've got to see what he's doing, you've got to get him on the podcast. This is amazing. And I watched this YouTube video and I was like, holy crap, this guy is like growing organs and like transplanting them into people like Nat, like he's been doing this for years. Do you talk a little bit about it for people that's having our hearts lit? Yeah, so Dr. Anthony Atala, who's brilliant researcher at Wake Forest, for over a decade has been using stem cells and basically differentiating those and building organs. Now there's simple organs. It's like the bladder. It's like a urethra. It's like an esophagus. They're mostly tubular or or containment. They're not complex organs. But he's been able to do this as well as basically creating skin that can be, you know, sort of create full dermis thickness and then use for transplantation. And that's amazing. But what we've featured in the book in addition to Dr. Atala's work are two incredible heroes. One of the things we always try to do is highlight the heroes. One of my, there are two people I'll mention it's Martine Rothblatt and Dean Cayman. Martine is extraordinary. I've known Martine for 40 years now and she's known early in her life for the creator of XM radio and serious radio. She was trained as a lawyer, was in the regulatory realm working on satellites. And when Martine was probably in her early 30s, her daughter, Genesis developed something called pulmonary fibrosis and Martine learns that this is a fatal disease and Genesis has, you know, a single digit years to live. Martine being the extraordinary entrepreneur and action taker that she is basically quits her job, takes all the capital from her company's going public and says, I'm going to cure my daughter's disease, which is, you know, an extraordinary moonshot vision. Well, Martine is zero background in biology and medicine. She starts with a high school biology book, Ghost of the Medical Library, starts researching pulmonary fibrosis. Every time she finds a work she doesn't understand, she looks it up, she looks at the references and she starts to build a body of knowledge. Eventually, she finds a potential drug in one of the farm companies. I don't think it's a member which one. And she goes in after many months of pleading and begging and getting advisors in is able to pry this drug out of the pharma. It's a orphan drug that no desire to go forward with it. And when she bought the rights to it, she got a little packet of white powder. Long story short, she took the drug through clinical trial. And ultimately, she was able to cure her daughter's disease, not cure her disease, but treat her disease to the point where she was able to survive longer. But then she said, I need a cure. I need to be able to create lungs for people with pulmonary fibrosis because just treating them with a drug along the way is not going to be sufficient. So she follows up on a number of approaches, including like Anthony Atala, 3D printing organs. But the one that's most amazing we talk about in the book is she partners with Craig Venter. On the notion that pig organs are the same size as human organs. A pig heart liver lung kidney is roughly the size for an adult men. And she said, what if we can humanize those pig organs? Change the surface antigens, go in there and get rid of the endogenous retrovirus. And so she said on this mission probably about six, seven years ago. And just recently demonstrated transplanting a modified pig heart into the first human recipient. And so this is the potential for an infinite supply of organs. The second hero is a guy named Dean Cayman who I love. He's one of the most brilliant scientists on the planet. Of course, Dean Cayman and Martin both know each other very well. Dean is most brilliant engineer in the planet. 1500 patents the creator of the robotic luke arm, the Segway, the insulin infusion pump. He about two years ago gets a contract from the government to build a machine that can manufacture any organ. Right. So I want you to imagine this. He gets about $150 million with a capital. He pulls together $150 or so partner organizations, universities, companies. And they set out on the vision and the notion that what if you could take induced pluripotent stem cells and IPS cells, right, converting your skin cells. We talked about earlier in the show, into induced pluripotent stem cells, put that in one end of the machine. The machine then expands the stem cell line, and then differentiates those stem cells into particular types of tissues, and then begins to 3D print an organ. And the idea is, well, what Dean has done already is actually go from these pluripotent stem cells to a bone ligament bone construct that can be used for knee or ankle replacement. And what he's working on next with Doris Taylor, who's with a dominant thinkerousness area, is to generate pediatric hearts to go from a pluripotent stem cell on one end, two and a half, three months later, a beating pediatric heart at the other end that can be then transplanted to a child who needs it. I mean, this is miraculous stuff. Absolutely exciting, miraculous story. I mean, I didn't read the whole chapter, so I was just kind of skimming through such super, super interesting stuff. What do you think, like, if all this stuff that we've been talking about hands out, we start to get these technologies and they're safe in humans and we can help extend their health span, extend their lifespan. How do you think, have you given any thoughts to how the incentives might be aligned between insurance companies, governments, health care to divide these types of longevity treatments once available? Yeah, I think that's a really important, one of the societal implications who gets it, is it only for the wealthy and so forth? So here's a stat. There was about six months ago a study done out of London School of Business, Harvard, and Oxford that said, adding just one year of healthy lifespan to every human on the planet is worth $38 trillion, the global economy, just one year of healthy lifespan. Add to that, the idea that today we're seeing the bleed to hire people is getting more difficult than ever before. The great resignation and so forth, we need people to be in the game longer. I was interviewing Elon Musk about nine months ago, we were announcing a $100 million carbon extraction exercise that he's funded to full gigatons of carbon out of atmosphere. And I asked the question which I thought was important to people to hear about, because I know his opinion on this, which I agree with, I said, are you concerned about overpopulation of the planet? And his answer was no, I'm concerned about the exact opposite, which is we're going to have a massive population drop-off that will probably peak at nine and a half billion over there about, so that we're very happy to climb you to the other side, because people are not having babies. Back 50 years ago, the average number of children per family was like 5.4 children per family. Today globally, it's at about 2.4 in the United States in Japan, in many parts of Europe, China were below the replacement level. So, and in the pandemic, it could even drop even more. So, ultimately, we're going to need people to stay in the game to keep provide the labor that plus robotics and AI. Now, the question is, is this going to be only available for the wealthy? Are these treatments? So, if I had to guess on what kind of a treatment is going to give us a a-dreversal kind of treatment? And this is, I'm working on a $101 million age reversal exprise right now. The primary funder for a shipwills in the founder of Lulemon wanted to be larger than Elon's prize, so it's 101 million versus 100 million, which is I love. I'm expecting it's probably going to be one by a gene therapy approach. Very similar to what what Davidson Clared did with rejuvenating the vision systems of mice. And so the question is, in volume, how much could a gene therapy cost? Because today, a gene therapy for rare diseases can be a half a million dollars to a couple million dollars. But it turns out that if you look at what Moderna and Pfizer did, effectively is a type of gene therapy. It's Microsoft-Malipid capsules with mRNA in them. And what we've seen is that if you do it at a high enough scale, the gene therapy gets down to 20 bucks. So that's the cost of Pfizer or Moderna vaccine, which is not exactly gene therapy, but it's at the same complication level to gene therapy. It's funny because I've often thought about the silver lining of the pandemic, and to me one of the silver linings is that this whole field of the mRNA vaccines are, it's just being catapulted and so much research is going on. And this is the mRNA vaccines have been shown in many studies over the years. To treat things like muscular or dystrophy in animals, like you're basically improving the dystrophin protein. So this is more, again, it's kind of a type of gene therapy quote unquote, but it's really at the protein level. But that's fascinating because I haven't thought about that. Right. If you think about the scale that we realize when we're treating with these complex treatments at the billion-person scale, the cost for treatment gets minimously low. Right. It's the scaling of exponential technologies. I'll give you another example. Vaccines, which have had a mixed public opinion history, I think people have done a lot more respect for vaccines over the last two years. We're going to see these vaccines being used in a wide range of things, deaf on Bonsal as a friend, the CEO of Moderna, and talking to him about where he's going next. Besides stem cell exhaustion, one of the things that occurs as we get older is we have immunoxos. Our immune system, which is dealing with all of these viruses that you've gotten over the course of decades, starts to get exhausted because it's trying to suppress those viruses. And what happens is if your immune system isn't up to stuff, that's when cancer is the extent that you develop cancers. So one of the things Moderna wants to do is really go after all of the CMV and herpes and HIV and great vaccines against all these viruses to really knock them out of your system. One of the companies I had a chance to co-found and I serve as Vice-Chairman of a company called Vaccinity, what public earlier this year. I'm blown away by what the team is doing. What vaccinity we have our own COVID-19 vaccine, which figures cross will, will, I'm sure what I can say about it. But we besides vaccines against those infectious diseases, the vaccines we've been building are against endogenous proteins in the body. What we've done with this a multi-top peptide vaccine, what we're going to be able to do with this vaccine is train your immune system to go after targets in the body like beta-amaloid, we have a vaccine against Alzheimer's, a vaccine against Parkinson's, a vaccine against migraine. I take today, I have hyperclistorymia. I take a monoclonal antibody called RAPATHA that this antibody is manufactured in a VAT in New York. I get an injector in every two weeks on inject about five mls of this these antibodies into my leg. And those antibodies go to my liver and they block a protein called PCSK9, which is the protein that produces LDL, the bad type of cholesterol in your bloodstream. And this repath that reduces my cholesterol, my LDL levels by a half, and it's great. Fantastic shape when I'm taking that. The problem is it costs me like $14,000 a year for this, and it's not a first line of defense. It's a last line of defense. Everyone's on stent instead, which other own problems. So what we've been working on at VACCINITY is we're just entering the beginning of trials. Now is a vaccine against the PCSK9 protein. So instead of me buying these monoclonal antibodies that are manufactured very expensively someplace else, what if instead I get myself a vaccine that trains my immune system to manufacture the same exact antibodies against PCSK9. Instead of doing the injection every two weeks, it's twice a year. And instead of $14,000 bucks, if it's a hundred bucks, right? Now all of a sudden, we can vaccinate people against heart disease against stroke and cardiovascular disease because they're not don't have the build up in their arteries. And then it becomes massively preventative. And so this is the future of healthcare where today healthcare is about treating chronic disease and just keep the hit in this state of your body, the state of disrepair. And the future is going to be no, we're going to use CRISPR and gene therapy to cure one injection and your cured or vaccinate you. So you never develop the disease in the long run. And that's the potential that we talk about. So in life worse, it goes from everything from the basics of sleep, food, exercise, you know, two liters of water a day, minimum to the extreme of gene therapies and CRISPR and vaccines. And it's just an extraordinary time to be alive. I'm the vaccine-y stuff is super cool and exciting. Thank you so much for sharing all that. And it's funny. I'm not a medical doctor and I certainly can't give any medical advice, but I've reviewed a lot of the literature on statins versus this, this these PS 3K9 inhibitors. And it's just to me. I'm like, oh, why is this not the first line of defense? And I mean, first exactly. And it's like, oh, it's price. That's what it is. It's cost. And it's really unfortunate. It's really unfortunate. So that would be pretty, a pretty big breakthrough if you guys were able to do that. I don't know how far along you are. I'm not, but I have great hope and expectations. It's not a matter of if it's going to be a matter of one. And for Parkinson's, are you, is it Alpha Sonuclean or what? It's exactly Alpha Sonuclean. It's exactly where we're targeting. And so we're entering phase two in that Alpha Alzheimer's entering phase three Parkinson's entering phase two. It's backed by the Michael J. Fox Foundation as well. How's it looking? How's Parkinson's? Is it looking promising? Great. We just, we just opened our phase two trial now. So, you know, fingers crossed the data from phase one is fantastic. You know, the thing we talk about in the book is it's not like there's only one approach to each of these chronic diseases. There's doesn't. And you know, I remember when the pandemic first hit us and you remember this as well. And everybody's just scared out of their minds. It's like, oh my god, this is crazy. What's going to happen? You know, you couldn't go find masks in a place or even just, you know, sanitizer. It was insane, right? There's early days. And people were getting more and more scared and it was a pandemic of fear. And what, what folks didn't realize was that this was a clarion call and it mobilized tens of millions, hundreds of millions of scientists and engineers, positions, nurses, researchers around the world to attack this thing. And we did it in record speed, right? You know, the sequence gets emailed over from Wuhan to our labs. I know from talking the stuff on there was a vaccine designed within 24 hours. And then within a year, manufacturing is ramped up. And, you know, everybody's getting their, their emergency use authorization. And all of a sudden, we're beginning the vaccinated the world can times faster than ever before. And so this kind of speed is possible. And I think we're going to start to see this against cancer and dementia and cardiovascular disease. And then, you know, it's like, what do you want to do with the extra decade or two? Right. Well, I think this is a great place to end this episode. Thank you so much, Peter, for coming on. Antoni, as well. As you mentioned, the book is Lifeforce. You're on Twitter. Yeah, at Peter at Peter, DMN this on Twitter and Instagram. And I put out a couple of blogs a week on this on these topics. Just go to DMN this dot com. Also, one other thing I'll just mention, something I, I, I, I created for myself because it's so difficult to keep up with all of this information. I built an AI engine that searches the world's news journal articles, tweets, magazine, newspapers, looking for breakthroughs in the health and longevity. And it screens it for validity. And then it generates a summary of the top 15 articles a day for me. And it's a short summary that I can read and click back in. I get this is I call it, it's longevity inside or dot org. It's free. Check it out. It makes me so optimistic about the future. Because just the stuff that I'm seeing every day just blows me away continuously. And then there's lots of resources at at lifeforce dot com as well. I'm going to check that out for sure. The, the longevity and the longevity and the longevity and the, and Tony's also on Twitter at Tony Robbins. He's on Instagram. Absolutely. And yes. All right. Thank you so much to you both. And hopefully we'll get together again soon. I look forward to it, Rona. Be well. Thank you.