It's really about the total amount of protein you're gonna get in the day. And then the next one would be even spacing and I'd say, yup, and then the next one would be sort of protein quality where we get into some of the more nuanced talk about protein. And then you can dial it down from there. Most people I talk to, I just say, do you go to the gym and they're like, yeah, I'm like how many times they're like, well, once or twice, this maybe you could go two or three times, that would probably be a much bigger benefit than I need to divide my protein three times across the day. So, biggest reduction in risk, bar none, is always going from nothing to doing something. Hi, everyone. I'm very honored to be sitting here today with our podcast guest, Dr. Stuart Phillips. Dr. Phillips is the director of the Physical Activity Center of Excellence at McMaster University on Ontario Canada. As we are going to learn today, he is his research and his lab has made pretty big contributions to our understanding of muscle proteins synthesis. And I'm pretty excited to dive into all that research. I've spent the last week reading, review articles, and studies. Yes, so I mean, now I feel like I've just learned a tremendous amount compared to what I knew last week. So, I mean, it's just, actually. So, I don't mean to mean to start off talking about muscle mass and why, you know, we hear a lot oftentimes physicians almost everyone knows about body mass and body fat percentages and BMIs and what's a healthy BMI and what's not. And, but muscle mass is also important. So, maybe we can talk about why. Sure. Yeah, I mean, I think when you step on a scale, everybody at least should realize that the sum of all of your body, so we'll be say compartments, is what you see on the scale. And most people can appreciate, obviously, they're worried about their body fat content. But a large part of what's registering on the scale is actually what we call lean mass or some of it is muscle mass. And then, obviously, your bone mass as well. So, I think most people would probably understand, we're about almost 70% by content water. And most of that water's inside ourselves and a lot of it's inside muscle mass. So, what we call muscle mass or lean mass is very hydrated tissue. Fat mass is actually not. And it's preservation muscle mass, at least as we get older, is critical for health. I think it's one of the things that's lost on a lot of people to say, well, that's great that you're maintaining your body weight, but if we don't maintain our muscle mass, it has some pretty deleterious consequences. And muscle mass correlates, I mean, specifically with mortality, right? I mean, inverse correlation. Absolutely. I mean, I think that the outward manifestation of muscle mass is obviously our ability to move around strength, getting up out of a chair, that sort of thing. And at some stage in our life, you're gonna have to be able to do these sort of rudimentary activities of daily living. And once you can't do them, then you need somebody to care for you. So, it's not surprising that there are, as you say, correlations between muscle mass and mortality. It's vitally important, Oregon, if you look at it that way. I think the frailty index, which is, there's a lot of measures that go into that, and frailty indexes, as you get older, at least, over 65, it's a pretty good predictor of mortality. And muscle mass is a important component of the, am I right? Absolutely, yeah, yeah. I mean, I think all of these definitions, you say frailty, I mean, the precursor would be sarcopeneo or loss of muscle mass as we age. All have a component of measuring, lean mass or muscle mass, and it's predictive of a downward decline, as we get older for sure. I've seen some studies that have also correlated, specifically lower body, I think strength of lower body with improved cognition. And I was wondering, just for me, I don't like why not upper body, why lower body? Like do you think there's, is there a potential, like people that are also doing cardio or getting some lower body strength? And do you have any idea? Yeah, I'm not sure I can answer the question, but it's interesting to note, you know, some of these correlations come up and the, you know, when it's a correlation, obviously it's association and people wanna know, you know, is it causative, right? And you still, you always kind of hedge your bets. And what I say to people, I said, I don't know, but it's not a bad goal to aim for it has stronger legs and be able to move around. And yeah, if it correlates with, you know, improved cognition and mental function is you age, you know, if that's a connection between the two, it's not a bad goal to aim for whether one causes the other, I can't say, but yeah, I'll take it if it's a, if it's a causative relationship for sure. What, what percent of muscle mass do humans lose, like per year and when does that start? Like, ancient sarcopenia? Yeah, this, this is the, you know, I would say, $64,000, although that wouldn't get you much these days, probably more question, I suppose. Most people will say that somewhere in your 30s or 40s, you're beginning to lose muscle mass. My own personal opinion is it's somewhere probably closer to about 56 or thereabouts, but that's personal. But something, you know, probably for most people that you can see in their 40s. And usually what we say on a population level, it's about a 1% loss of muscle mass per year, and about a 1 to 3% drop in strength or power. So the muscle mass decline is actually slower than we lose strength. And strength is, as I say, is the, I would manifestation of muscle, but it must speak then to the quality of the muscle you have and your brain's ability to be able to talk to muscle and get you to do things. So as much as we can do to try and slow that, that would be beneficial as we get into a older age. For sure. Yeah, and I definitely want to get into all that stuff, what, you know, how we can counter circumpini and loss of muscle mass. Do you, the building up of the muscle reserves, not like that's something I've heard you talk about, or you know, it's something that's, a common knowledge to some degree. What does that mean? And like, is it really important to do that before a certain age? And if you don't do that, can you still start later in life? Yeah, yeah, great question. I mean, I think the parallel, the most people are most familiar with, that we can sort of pick on and say, you know, women in particular are told that we can build bone mass up until probably about 30. Men, it's about the same. That when women head towards the menopausal transition, that they're definitely going to lose bone mass, you want to start at a higher level as possible. I mean, everybody after the menopausal transition loses bone, they're both the same rate. So you really would like to be on a higher plateau before you get there. I think the concept is entirely similar with muscle. The good news is that probably even past your 30s into your 40s, 60s, probably even into your 70s, we can still gain a little bit of muscle. We can definitely gain strength by concerted, resistance exercise usually. So you probably have a much bigger window to accumulate the muscle that you have, but it's the same concept. You'd like to go into older age when you're beginning to lose muscle at a higher level because then you're starting to decline from a higher plateau. So it's a similar concept. I don't know that we know exactly how much and when, but there were even studies in non-ogenarians, people in their 90s lifting weights, and they can get stronger. Now gaining muscle, not so much, but they get function back. So there's some adaptability left in the system, in a muscle sense that isn't there and with bones, for example. And at the end of the day, as you're mentioning, being able to get up out of your chair and like these sorts of important little, like everyday activities that we take for Gantama and you're younger, can make a difference when you're older and you fall and break a hip and then you kind of go into this downward spiral. So strength does make a difference with that, right? Like just having even if you're not gaining muscle muscle, being able to have the strength to do that. Yeah, absolutely. I mean, I think that that's maybe a little bit overstated with the importance of muscle mass, not that it's not important, but the function and the outcome, so the strength and the power is really the key point. Even something as simple as walking speed, or what we call normal gate speed. And the example I like to give is to say, you're standing in an intersection, the walk signal comes on. And there's a certain distance you've got across in a certain amount of time. So you need a certain gate speed. And if you're not that the motorist, hopefully, wouldn't stop. But you're under pressure to make it across an intersection, let's say. It's important. And we know fully that once you get to a certain level of strength, your gate speed drops, it becomes more difficult to do activities of daily living. And then you're looking at full time institutionalized care. Right, quality of life, down and it kind of goes back to that concept of improving health span, right? You know, basically being able to delay the onset of these age-related diseases, the diseases that hit us later in life, any possible way that we can, absolutely, and who don't necessarily live much, much longer. Yeah. In some cases, delaying those diseases, you might get a gear too, right? I mean, yeah. I think it's not tried to say, but everybody's like, well, what's exercise going to give you? When we do have, and again, it's observational data, of course, that once you hit that sort of 150 minutes of moderate to vigorous, whichever, okay, that's the guidelines. And I think, you maintain your strength. And so make sure you do those two days of strength and exercise a week. We get on average when you look at, you know, population data about four extra years of life. So I think most people would take that. If that were a pill, you know, I wouldn't be sitting here, I'd be Skype and then from to heatier something. And most people obviously realize then that your health span that's associated with that as longer as well. So it's time in your life that's longer, but it's time in your life that is spent in good health. And for most people, that's a better quality of life. Absolutely. So let's talk about some of the major signals and inputs that regulate muscle proteins. And since this is, which, yes, we can talk about how much that correlates with muscle mass and strength. So you've published, I mean, let's first talk about recommended daily allowances for protein entanes. For adults in the United States and Canada, it's about 0.8 grams of protein per kilogram body weight. Correct. And I don't know what people are actually consuming. Maybe you can shed some light onto that. What they're actually consuming. But also like what you're, I know you have thoughts because you publish them on whether or not it's scientifically sound that number specifically. Yeah, yeah. So I mean, one of the things that precursors are like to start off with, to say people say, you know, how is protein different than everything else that we eat and what does it do? And so I often explain to people that carbohydrates and fats, that's fuel. You put that in, and you burn it, or we store it. And unfortunately, we're really good at doing that. But protein is something that when you ingest it, your body has to use it. And it can't, there's not like a little sort of place that you can store away the building blocks of protein, which are amino acids, and kind of use them for later. Although your muscle is sort of a reservoir of that. So it does turn over a little bit. And then so when we think about it from a daily recommended intake, or what we call the recommended dietary allowance, it's the amount of protein that you need to ingest to replace all of the protein and amino acids that your body loses. And most of it is lost in urine as you read. And I say to people, I've stopped trying to fight too much against this because I would actually be happy if they just changed the name from recommended dietary allowance to minimal dietary intake. So first, I don't think it should be recommended because it's too low. And I think you should be allowed to eat more. So point eight, I think, is to me, that's the sort of bottom level by end. That's where you need to start and then build up from there. So most of the data that we have and it's not ours, there's lots of other people have contributed to this as well. Suggest that a minimum might be close to about 1.2 grams per kilogram of body weight per day. And athletes and even older people could probably benefit even from going up from that level up to 1.6. At a certain point, I don't think you can put too much protein back into the system and the system would hang on to it. So every species is evolved away of getting rid of extra protein, fish, it's ammonia, birds, it's uric acid, mammals, it's urea. So there's an upward limit. But most people, depending on what surveys you look at when they're younger and even middle-aged, are probably doing okay in terms of protein. So I'll put hand on hard to say, probably not a big issue. When you get a little older, people's appetite goes down. People tend to gravitate towards different ways of eating. And protein actually becomes a much smaller percentage of their diet. So at the time when I think you need more protein and you want to support muscle mass and lean mass as you age, most people's protein intake is actually going down to levels where it becomes limiting to the amount of muscle that they can hang on to. So that I think is an important distinction between, let's say, in the minimum and let's go into what we call a more optimal protein intake range. And I don't know where an at what age that begins, but I think it's an important consideration as most of us myself included transition towards, I'm looking at the rest of my life in thinking. I want to be in as best health as I can. And so I have to be a little bit more cognizant about the protein that I eat. What went into your determining 1.2 grams for a kilogram body weight? So you're saying most young adults are consuming that probably. And then also, I guess, talking about the audience. Like, are we talking about to people that are in a big, caloric excess? Well, they're probably already getting that protein, right? I mean, they're in a huge excess of getting more calories, they're probably getting more protein and everything else. But is it relevant for every age or maybe people that are really physically active? Like you said, go up a little more. So why 1.2? What was the science behind that? Yeah. So the original studies that led to the derivation of the recommended dietary allowance or what we call nitrogen balance. And as the name implies, it's measuring all the nitrogen or protein that goes into our body and collecting everything that comes out. So wonderful, delightful studies to do. Those studies, we've known for a long time, are problematic because of incomplete collection, overestimation, et cetera, of losses. So one of the things that we do know is that the closer you get to your requirement, your body actually gets much more efficient at utilizing protein. So and that's not really taken into account in the way people have modeled that data. So without going too deep into the weeds, let's just say that there are alternative approaches using stable isotopes that have consistently shown that people actually need when I say need to maintain the balance that we talk about higher intakes. And so that's the 1.2. So it's not that point eight really, does it for a lot of people. We need to come up to 1.2. And then from 1.2 in above, we're talking about optimal intakes. And I think the example, the one that people can maybe relate to a little bit is that up until probably about 20, 25 years ago, we aimed at a vitamin C and take the prevented scurvy. And that was good because who wants scurvy, right? But then we've done some science and not me, but obviously lots of other people to show that it takes above the vitamin C and take the prevented scurvy. We're actually associated with health benefits. And so we make that recommendation. We haven't done that for protein. We're still aiming at the prevention of deficiency as opposed to the optimization of processes that are important. And there's still a lot of people that push back against my viewpoints. And I'll take the heat. I think what hasn't been considered is this maintenance of muscle and mobility as we age that is in part driven by protein intake. I mean, the other half is we can't get away without talking about exercise, right? So that's the other side of the equation. Right. Well, let's talk a little bit about so the protein intake and you're like my people can push back. You know, they're definitely our animal studies that have looked at calorie restrictions and protein restriction and it's effect on how lab rodents live and healthy they live. And I think that as you and I have talked off camera, you know, there's a lot of different types of people that are in different life stages. We've got obese people, like sedentary that could probably benefit from caloric restriction. We've got young, healthy, acta physically active people that are probably needing more protein intake. We've got the older people that are battling with sarcopenia that probably need more protein intake. And then we have the whole fasting community. So I mean, it's like I've had a lot of fasting experts on the podcast that you know. And I think what a better job it needs to be done is basically just talking about the audience, talking about, OK, who are we speaking to here with this specific thing we're talking about? Because that's important. There's different people and different stages of life. And then I think also with some of the protein restriction as well, it's very similar. And I've listened to some other things that you've talked about with, you know, extrapolating data from lab animals, specifically on caloric restriction and dietary restriction, protein restriction too. Humans may be a little murky because of something called this disuse and disease that humans are so susceptible to. So can you talk a little bit about it? Because it makes so much sense. Yeah. I mean, the writer's statement, I think, and the disclaimer right at the start is to say, tremendous amount of respect for the science of the people that do the studies around caloric restriction, protein restriction, et cetera. Most of it is done, as you mentioned, in lab animals, mostly small rodents, so usually mice or rats sometimes. And I think one of the things that's important to point out is when we've compared primates head to head, so this is in caloric restriction, arguably the most robust model of survival, extending lifespan, the data is actually conflicting. It's only been done, obviously, in two different locations. And so if you were primate, you know, in one location, you did better than primates in the other, but the net result was it actually didn't extend lifespan. So that sort of makes you think, okay, maybe there's, it's not as clear cut as you might think. Obviously, small rodents, they're mammals, so the extrapolation to us is often done. Drug companies do it all the time, I understand. I think the thing that I focus on the most is around, there's a cage animal that lives in a very controlled environment. And food is, you know, there is no fluctuation in food. It's sort of held at here or here, because it's given or taken away from the animal. So, you know, choice is taken away from the animal, the human beings are notoriously, sometimes great, sometimes not so much at making. And, you know, these animals aren't exposed with a lot of the same stressors. So one of the concepts that we, and it was something in reading, a good friend of mine, Doug Patton Jones, who, you know, sadly passed away really early in his life, pointed out at these catabolic crises that we have. And for him, it meant a period of hospitalization. And during this event, the fact of treatment in hospital is you go into bed rest. And we've known for years that, you know, putting people in bed rest and you can ask any clinician, it's a bad situation. You're not using your muscles, everything, because you become instantly sedentary, obviously. And it would exacerbate a lot of other issues if you went into the bed rest with type 2 diabetes. You were overweight, you, et cetera, et cetera. So these events, you can appreciate bed rest in a catabolic crisis if you've got a hospital event, as yeah, that's gonna be bad. I get that. So we sort of said, well, dial it back a little bit. Maybe you get flu. And you're an older person, you get some respiratory distress. You go into hospital for a few days, you're on oxygen. But you're now you're fine to be released from the hospital, but you go home and convalesce for two weeks. So this is a disuse event relatively speaking, but you're okay, you sit around for two weeks. And we think as you get older, even those types of events are a disuse event that we think precipitates an issue. And I was fond of saying that, well, you know, this happens every year in, well, happens everywhere. Because people get to flu. And I said, but there's maybe uniquely, if not Canadian, but northern US phenomenon, that when it's freezing cold outside, you also is an older person, you don't go inside. You don't want to shovel your snow, you could slip, you could, you know, so, and clinicians would say, yeah, but how often does that happen? Then COVID comes along, and I said, happens a lot. So I feel a little bit of vindication. I said, this is a relevant model. And what happens is if you can imagine somebody, they're already going down because Sercopinius happening. When they have a disuse event, they've been the curb dramatically. So there's an accelerated rate of muscle loss. And what happens when you're younger, you go down, but you're able to bounce back up. At some point, and this is universally, I think, understood by clinicians, is that an older person that has that event like that is actually now on a different downward trajectory. So they've actually hopped, you know, they've accelerated the loss that they have with aging to a fairly large degree. The best, you know, way to explain it to people is to say, you put somebody up in space, because there's no gravity. That's effectively disuse, because you can't really generate any force with your muscles. And we know that, you know, six months or a year, spending up at the space station is about 10 to 15 years of skeletal and muscle aging. And it's tough to get back. In fact, most of those astronauts, I'd be willing to back, don't get much of that back when they come either down to Earth. So that's the price you pay for a little bit of weightlessness for about six months to a year. Wow. Yeah, that's incredible about the astronauts. But just speaking to what you were saying with the disuse and disease, again, it makes a lot of sense because laboratory ruins are not really exposed to that. They're in these little sterile environments, but you know, so, you know, I think, again, at the end of the day, just to kind of get this, I think, to make it clear to people listening here today. You know, I still do think there are benefits to different types of intermittent fats and for different people. And whether we're talking about some of that's obese and overweight, you know, having a form of caloric deficit, which can be achieved a lot of ways, including, probably the best. I mean, like exercise, if exercise is probably the cornerstone of health sprains, right? Absolutely. I think we agree there. Yeah. But also, like, there's different types of fasting. You know, there's a constant caloric restriction like we're just talking about, but there's also just not eating two to three hours before batch. And that's something I think most people can benefit from, honestly, because you're, you know, you're not as insulin sensitive later in the evening. And it's nice to have a period where you do have some rest. Yep. They adjust your nerve, everything. So, lots of types of fasting. And, you know, that all gets lost again when we just kind of talk about it and it's big umbrella kind of type of generalization. So, I think we're gonna talk a lot about protein here in muscle synthesis, but to be honest, I think people that are overweight and obese, they have to start there. Like, they have to like, lose the weight. And, you know, there's ways to do that exercise and caloric restriction both really effective. But getting back and speaking to the RDA for protein, it's funny because you mentioned the micro nutrients you mentioned vitamin C. And I did my post-doc with Bruce Aims and I studied micro nutrients. And so, you know, his whole, you know, his whole stick was RDAs or to prevent deficiency, you know, and that there's not adequate, you know, so like vitamin D. Yep. And that's great. So, I'm very familiar with that where it's like, well, look, yeah, who wants to, like, preventing scurvy is one thing, but like, you know, not having DNA damage, that's accumulating over time. That's kind of a condition, it's a cancer. Well, that's important. So maybe we should be thinking wrong- We'll be very concerned, right? Yeah. So it's kind of like the same concept. Exactly. With respect to the 1.2 grams of protein per day, you talk, let's talk a little bit more about like, specifics with people that are physically active. So you mentioned 1.6. Now, there was a study that I think it was a meta-analysis in your career. That you guys looked at resistance exercise in younger adults younger than 65, and adults older than 65. And they're protein intake. Yeah. Can you talk a little bit about like, you looked at lean body mass and what was found there? What were the major findings? Yeah. I mean, you know, so I think it's fair to say that our lab has contributed to maybe some of the overstatement of the importance of protein for a muscle mass and all, you know, throw my hands up and say, okay. Some early studies that we did, particularly, where we were measuring rates of muscle proteins synthesis, saw these enormous changes with protein, and everybody was like, see, it's important. And I'm like, absolutely. You begin to accumulate evidence. You begin to accumulate longer-term trials where people are fed high-urvices, lower protein intakes. And the data looks sort of promising, but the more trials you get, it's sort of the effect tends to come, become a little bit smaller, a nuance, let's say. So I think that it's important that 1.2 is still the basal level. That's the buy-in. I think 1.6 grams per kilo, so I know people like to talk and pound. So, you know, it's something around sort of 0.6 to 0.7 grams per pound. And those levels, after that, you can digest and eat lots more protein. Your body just can't use it. But if you're a physically active, younger person, we refer to protein turnover. And the concept, I think, that's easiest is to say, you're muscle or you're protein's in your body, you're like a brick wall. The amino acids are the bricks going in. Protein synthesis is the bricks going in to the wall. But at the other end, there's a process of bricks, bad bricks, damaged bricks, all worn out bricks being taken out of the wall. So we're turning protein over constantly. And if you're performing exercise, and you're going out, doesn't matter if you're running or lifting weights, then that protein turnover process is accelerated. So you have to put more bricks into the pool to replace the ones that are coming out. Sounds like a really inefficient process, but you can imagine if you did that every day to the walls around your house, they'd be in great shape. So it's a good thing. I think as you get older, what happens is that the bricks that are coming in aren't used as efficiently. But we're still pulling bricks out of the wall, and that sort of tips the balance in and we begin to lose muscle mass. If you go into bed rest, we tip that in the opposite direction in a really severe way. And most people have experienced, and we use this as an experimental model of period. You put a cast on your leg or your arm. You take the cast off, and then you look, and you say, where did my leg or my arm go? Well, that's local muscular atrophy. But when you're young, most people ask, well, why don't we do rehab for young kids if they fall out of a tree and break their arm? The answer is we don't have to, because kids just go back and keep doing, and playing, and that's their rehab. As we get older, we don't tend to do that. So we need active rehab. And I think that's then the period where you need to put more protein back into this system to try and restore that. It just becomes ridiculously difficult as you get older. So young people physically active, I'm an advocate for higher protein and takes. I would agree that most of them, if they're particularly eating to cover their energy needs and consuming a mixed diet, they're probably good. Middle aged people, and I'll be the first person to admit this, we're probably not the first. We don't have a lot of data. And people ask why, and I'll give you the simple explanation, we can conduct loss of studies on university campuses, academic research institutions on young college age people. There's lots of them around, willing participants in research. And we can conduct lots of research on people over the age of 65 as the meta-analysis sort of implies. The people in the middle, they're busy people. They've got kids, jobs, lots of things going on, and we say, hey, you got to come into the lab for a whole day, you got to do this, and then I can't do that. So they're not studied often. I think the assumption, and it's reasonable, one, is you can draw probably a line from young to older people, and the middle aged people would be in the middle. So the meta-analysis was essentially that, and then attempt to reconcile, you know, we've got all of these studies, what does protein do for lean body mass? And the answer is, if you're younger, and your resistance training, so you're lifting weights, you want to get a bit bigger, a bit stronger, 1.6 grams of protein per kilo per day, the type of intake that you need to consume, but the effect is small. So in other words, I like to put it practically, I say you get most of the benefit from just going to the gym, and then the protein effect is a thin layer on top. And it's the same story as you get a little bit older. The bad news, like a lot of things, although aging is great, you know, you're more wise, you know, everything else like that, but things slow down. And so the protein begins to add incrementally, sort of smaller amounts. And so it's a small nudge. You get a little bit of extra strength, you get a little bit of extra muscle, but it's really the lifting of the weights that is the big driver of all of the benefits and all of the gains. So, you know, simply put protein is, we talk about sufficient, and necessary for a little bit of extra strength, but it's a small, it's a thin slice on top of what lifting weights provides in terms of strength and muscle. It makes sense. So the 1.2 is kind of going back to that number. Yeah, you kind of need to start there, and then you can move up, but there's obviously, there's a ceiling. Yeah. And you know, we could obviously have a discussion about should it be 1.6 something right here, or if you're in a caloric deficit, and I'm like, yeah, you could probably stand to eat a little bit more, because you're in a calorie deficit, again, you're sort of tipping the scales in the favor of the breakdown side of things. That's just calorie deficits, or a catabolic stimuli, and it's catabolic for muscle too. So, yep, there are probably situations where we need a little bit more, but how long, how much that goes or really, let's call them fine details. What about is this also a fine detail? The protein timing, you know, there's, yeah, it's just probably one of the most common questions. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Should I split my 1.2 grams into 3.4 grams per kilogram, or is there, is the stimulus? And we'll talk more about why proteins are stimulus for muscle, you know, math, but you know, does it have to be higher? Yeah. Great question. You know, again, I'm drawing as much from evidence as I can here in a little bit for my sort of own sense, so you know, take this with a grain of sand. I think the way your body is set up and your muscles in particular prefer to be fed regularly. So, pulse, you know, breakfast lunch dinner and a snack or whatever it is. And so when I'm talking to athletes who are the creme de la creme pro level and pick level, I get to talk to the money every now and again, and I always say, you know, you guys are clearly like, we've skimmed off everybody who is sort of a mere mortal like me. And now we've got these elite specimens and they probably should eat that way. Now I appreciate that sometimes training is difficult for them to do and everything else like that. But I think they can benefit from even distribution, whether it's a huge effect. I think for most mere mortals, it's not a big deal. I think if you're the top level athlete and you're probably looking to metal or, you know, win this or win that, then maybe some of those small differences that's the sort of the last little part that you need to turn the dial that is the margin of victory at the top level. So we talk about even spacing of protein. I think for most people, it's not that big a deal. There's also the timing with respect to exercise and I live through that craze. Not as big a deal as we once thought. So it's really about the total amount of protein you're gonna get in the day and then the next one would be, you know, even spacing and I'd say, yeah, and then the next one would be sort of protein quality where, you know, we get into some of the more nuanced talk about protein. And then you can dial it down from there. Most people I talk to, I just say, you know, do you go to the gym and they're like, yeah, yeah, I'm like how many times they're like, well, you know, once or twice is that maybe you could go two or three times, that would probably be a much bigger benefit than I need to divide my protein three times across the day. So good point. What about 65 years and older? Oh, yeah, yeah. I think this is where what we call a skewed protein and take in the traditional intake is lowest at breakfast, moderate lunch and then most of it at dinner. I think it's probably correct to say that that first, that breakfast time meal, you could really stand to push the protein and take a little bit higher. Most people say heart healthy breakfast, whole grains, that sort of thing. And so that's where they focus. When we've looked at intakes of older, particularly older women, they consume a ridiculously small amount of protein at breakfast. And I think they could handle, you know, some Greek yogurt. We take eggs off the dirty list and we say, it's okay to eat a egg. Good high quality, nutrient dense or subprotein. And then they say cholesterol. I'm like probably not as big a deal as you've been taught. And you're 85. I'm like, have an egg for goodness sake. Or glass of milk. And that's most people say, well, there's not much protein. And I say, you're right, but it's more than the six to eight grams, most of which comes from weak gluten, which is not a particularly high quality protein, that these older folks should probably aim for. And it doesn't necessarily, again, have to be enormous amounts. People say, what about protein supplements? I'm like, very convenient. If you can't do it with food, absolutely, I've probably used for it. But, you know, whatever suits your lifestyle. But I do think that older people, particularly, instead of having the skewed distribution, could stand to sort of have a more even distribution throughout the day. OK. And maybe we should talk about why protein is such a strong stimulus for increased muscle proteins that this is. What is it about protein, the essential amino acids? Yep. Yeah. So you said it. I mean, go back to the brick wall analogy. If that's muscle protein, it's made up of 20 different types of bricks, those are the 20 amino acids that we have. Nine of which are essential. We need to get them in our diet. And in particular, there are a group of what are called branch chain. amino acids that are three of the nine. And the most potent, if you like, of the three branch chains, is an amino acid called loosein. And the way I like to explain it to people is that it's kind of like the brick that when it arrives, it turns the process on. And I'm potentially doing that because I always like to remind people, it's like a dimmer switch. So it's not click on, click off. It's really like you're losing, comes along. And it begins, you see the lights begin to come on. And the lights obviously are the process of making new muscle proteins. So once you have sufficient loosein there, you can turn the switch up as bright as it can go. Once you put more loosein there, you can't go any higher. For older people, for reasons that we're beginning to unravel now, I think what happens is now the sensitivity of that dimmer switch, so the loosein comes and you sort of get this response. And a younger person, you might get that. And so we need more loosein or more branch chains or more essential amino acids, which translates into more. You need more protein to trigger the whole turning the protein synthetic process on. So it's a pretty nuanced level, I think, of understanding, but we're beginning to see on when we look at diets that people who consume higher quality proteins or sufficient lower quality proteins, which I'm sure will get to. It's really about the loosein that they consume, particularly for their muscle that's important. So I have a question about that, but before we get there, the higher quality, obviously, animal meat is higher in essential amino acids than plant proteins. And so can people that are on a plant protein diet then get sufficient amino acids to foster muscle protein synthesis? Great question. And this is one area. We've chatted a little bit before I came on to say that my understanding and even the studies that I've been involved with has changed. And so 20 years ago, and I first came to McMaster, I'm like, here's a fundamental trueism. Animal derived proteins are higher quality than plant derived proteins. Plant derived proteins have anti-intritional fiber is one fight-tates, lots of other things that can inhibit protein breakdown enzymes. And you know, you see, that's a big deal. It's going to lower the quality. You're not going to get as many amino, essentially amino acids. And that's true. But fast forward 20 years, we've now got processing methods that can lower or change the fiber content. We've got foods where we've isolated plant proteins, et cetera. So we've taken a lot of that out of the equation. And then everybody says, but the essential amino acid content is lower in plant proteins than is an animal. I don't know, like you're essentially your correct. The top of the list in the plant kingdom would obviously be soy. It's plant derived protein and probably that been the main stay of 20th and 21st century vegans or vegetarians. But now we're looking at a variety of plant-based protein sources that are, they are contrived. They're manufactured foods, but they're very high quality proteins. They're not something that people need to worry about. In terms of, I'm getting an inferior quote-unquote source of protein. So I think that the way you can make up for the difference is you either eat a little more over here in terms of protein. Or you go towards supplements or foods that actually have taken some of the antinutritional out or, and this has been something that we're keenly aware of and trying to study, is that a lot of the prep methods of plant proteins like beans and legumes, you cook them. And cooking actually liberates a lot of the proteins that makes them more bioavailable. And so reduces the antinutritional effects. So sproding, cooking, fermentation, all kinds of things that are commonly done with plant-based proteins, beans legumes. I think you're making the two proteins much more close in quality inside us than we once thought. And so I tend to worry less about protein quality than I once did. And I know that that probably upsets a lot of people because they're like, well, you used to say, and I was like, you're right, I used to say that, but the evidence is evolving. And even in our own hands, we've been surprised, actually, I've been surprised actually at how good plant proteins have been in stimulating muscle proteins, so this is. That's really good to know. And I'm going to ask you this because I know people listening are watching this are going to ask. And when you're talking about fiber, and the effect of fiber on being able to absorb proteins, you're talking about within a plant. You're not like talking about eating your plate of spinach with your steak. Yeah. And happening. Yeah, that's different. Yeah, yeah. I mean, the steak and the spinach still good mix. Great if you enjoy the eat that way. But now I'm talking about, and I mean, here's the other sort of knock on some of the studies that we use to make these generalisms. They're fed people are fed individual foods. And that's really not how we eat. We tend to, you know, you look at a plate, and it's got something like this. But when you do that, I think the point I'm making is the fiber that's intrinsic to the plant or the fruit or whatever it is, is inhibiting to some small degree your absorption of the protein that's there. But those effects, again, you cook a bean or a pea, and a lot of that goes away. So raw peas, and if you eat raw peas, OK. But if you cook the peas, there are a lot more digestible. And so a lot of the studies that we have to look at protein to just ability and the amino acid scores and there are lots of them. But I don't think her is big of a deal as we once thought. Yeah. Yeah. Talking about the loosing and going, kind of circling back to that. And I want to get into underlying causes of sarcopenia. But kind of before that we get there, that the loosing supplementation does come up in my mind. Sure. And probably in a lot of other people's minds, is like, can I supplement with loosing and not have to take in so much protein and have a similar effect on muscle protein synthesis? Yeah. Really great question. And we have done some studies where we haven't, well, if proof of principle, we supplemented people with loosing. And we did find that it improved the response. A little, the caveat statements. First of all, loosing is of all of the 20 amino acids. And I know everybody hasn't done this sort of thing. But loosing is it's extraordinarily bitter. So it doesn't taste great. So you need a bit of food science to take that edge off, I think. From my perspective, that would be sort of a last resort because it should always be a food for us to approach. And then maybe a supplement. And now you're bringing it down to the individual component. And you probably get a sense of this from some of the studies that we've seen with individually purified components of like a tomato. And it was, oh, it's like a peat. And that's really important. One actually, there's things in the whole tomato that the matrix and other things and lots of bioactive compound. We have no idea what they're doing. And probably it's tomato is better for you than just the like a peat alone. So that's my sort of ethos statement to say, loosing supplementation if you must. Biobuware, make sure it comes from a reputable company. The internet is rife with crummy supplements. And you just need to know where it's coming from. So usually look for third party testing. I tend to like domestic production. So North America, if you can. And then a lot of people say, what about branch chain supplements? And I'm like, you know, it's really interesting. Like they stuck around as a sports supplement for a long, long time. I think the message is fairly clear now that they're largely, I won't say, use less. But from useful to use less, they're a lot closer to the use less end. But it's only the loosing out of those three amino acids that's the important branch chain amino acids. So they work because of the loosing. So then people say, well, I'm on a high protein diet supplement with a way and I'm taking branch chains. There's a great Instagram meme where I see a guy in a pool. It's raining and he's drinking water. So it's sort of like that's where the branch chains are. I'm like, you're surrounded by good stuff. The branch chains are probably not a big deal. But for older people, we've done some work. And it's possible you're going to see products that are fortified with a little bit of extra loosing. Do you absorb loosing in free form? And it doesn't have to be a certain form. No. No, you absorb it in free form. In fact, it's really readily absorbed. The big barrier in all the studies we've ever done is how to mask it's taste. So you can imagine given it's taste profile, we mix it with some sort of citrus and legumi. Excuse me, citrus fruit flavor. And try and sort of blend that sharp bitter edge into like, oh, it's lemon. It's orange. It's grapefruity, something. And that tends to be a good mix. But I'm not a food scientist. Pineapple? Yeah, something like that. So you said fortified for older individuals, I say that are, as you mentioned, when you get older, your satiation, those hormones are all different. And then people don't eat as much. They're not hungry as much. And they certainly don't chew as well. I mean, all sorts of factors are absolutely. So if you can get someone who's having a hard time, there's just no way they're going to get point for grand-siproaching per kilogram by weight. The losing supplementation may help with that older person. Yeah, and we've shown that. And I think it's not just our work. Lots of other people, collaborators of mine, good friends of mine, have shown the same thing that if you take even a small protein dose and you add a little bit of extra lucing, you can make it look as if it's a bigger protein dose. And so our dimmer switch analogy is that, here's a small protein dose, and you get that response. Here's the small protein dose, with lucing, and now you go slightly greater than one. Is it a fortified grams? What was it? You know, the per meal lucing dose is probably somewhere in the range of sort of three to four grams for an older person, probably two to three for younger. And that's just because the younger person is really sensitive to the effects. But we can make a younger person when we put a brace on their leg and we get local atrophy, their atrophy muscle looks like an older person's response. So the disuse response we think is sort of, it's almost a model of a premature aging in terms of your muscle anyway. The difference is a young person does this and they just bounce back. An older person does this and now they're down here. So why, what can you talk a little bit about this as I've heard in your publications and in your others as well this anabolic resistance to climb? What? Yeah, it's a great question. I mean, I don't think that you can discount inactivity with aging. Everything is, it gets older from earthworms all the way up to humans, we do less as we age. There's no question about that. We have done some studies where we've used step reduction like a abrupt step reduction as a model of sort of a abrupt set and tourism where we can make older people much more anabolicly resistant as a result of that. So clearly activity is a driver of it. At the same time, I think there's probably aspects to do with insulin resistance and it doesn't need to be over-ed insulin resistance to the degree that you have type 2 diabetes, but maybe you have what we call vascular insulin resistance. So what this means is that when you turn on insulin, you usually open up blood vessels to allow flow to happen. And what we think happens with aging is that response becomes just a little bit less sensitive. You're not insulin resistant from the perspective of blood sugar but from a protein perspective, we think that opening up local capillaries and allowing good blood flow in older people just isn't quite as sensitive. So again, people say, wow, what can I do? And the number one answer is to be as physically active as you can. And that maintains that vascular level of sensitivity as you get older. Ages are going to get you at some point. There's no question. But clearly, as you've said, the cornerstone is to maintain your physical activity levels. Be as active as possible. A robotic exercise, absolutely resistant, sex-recise. It's got to be there. And what about in terms of how many times a week resistance exercise? Because you hear about the, you mentioned the, there's to the 10,000 steps. People talk about the 10,000 steps. So I mean, what's there something people can think about and it's as age-dependent as that change. Yeah, yeah. It's a great question. I mean, the origins of 10,000 steps is also probably, people go, where does that come from? And you're like, that's a good question. I don't, I mean, it's a great round number. I think that's when you go back to the history of those little predominators, it was just, you know, that's a good number. It ends probably true, you know, the closer you get to around 67, 8,000, 9,000, 10, you start to see health benefits. So I'm not going to dismiss that. Resistance training, it's a little bit more difficult. The guide, most of the guidelines you look around the world, it's, there's a recommendation for two times a week of strengthening activities. My own feeling is that it should, it should be more than recommended. It should be a deriguer part of the guidelines, like 150 minutes. And I do think two days a week is sort of, that's the buy-in level. I mean, if somebody's doing nothing and they do one, big change, they do two, big change. I think three, you're a change for, I'm like, I don't know, you're probably starting to see the plateau. Five, I'm like, yes, if it's your thing, six, you go seven, you're mad, but go for it. And but it's a dose response, like a lot of things, right? 150 minutes is kind of where we tap out a lot of the benefits. And then you go from there to say double and 300 minutes. And you can squeeze a little bit more out of the cloth, but you've kind of got a lot of the benefits with the first 150. Let's say you're doing, so that's 150 minutes of strength. That's a row of a kick. Well, that's right. So then when you're talking about, let's say you're doing the two days a week versus the strength. What's the duration for each of those? Is it? Here's where we climb inside the really kind of nuance things, and it's sort of like, do we do free weights? We do machines, we do sets, we do reps, and everything. And this is actually, I think, one of the barriers for a lot of people is that the, most people, I say 10,000 steps, they're like, oh, walking. I can do that. And then you say, wait, lift, do. They're like, oh, I hate going to the gym, and you're like, okay, well, have you ever done a push-up? And they're like, yeah, but I hate push-ups. And most people hate push-ups because they were used as a form of punishment when you're a kid. At least that's my feeling. But you don't need a gym to do resistance workouts. You can do body weight workouts just about anywhere. You can do like an air squat up and down, and you don't need a weight. But sets reps for, my main point is getting to do that at least twice a week for, let's say, 30 to 45 minutes duration. There's a lot of benefit associated with that. I think three times, you can get a little bit more. But it's about making clear that the biggest reduction in risk, bar none, is always going from nothing to doing something. And not that we should aim at the smallest or the lowest bar or anything else like that. But as we mentioned, saying before, we've got on camera. These nudges of people that are really sedentary are population level. If we got everybody to walk for even 10 minutes a day, and then maybe they did push up, even if they can't do a floor, push up, let's say a wall, push up. And maybe when I had a walk outside, how good they would feel, mental health, physical health, and everything. And the population, in fact, would be pretty substantial. So I'm good if you're like me, and you like to go to the gym, and you like to lift some weights. I don't lift heavy weights anymore. I think that's sort of a diabolical pursuit, but if that's your saying, go for it. But I think it's more about getting to the gym, performing a workout with pretty high levels of effort, which is the, I stopped prescribing percentages of your maximum lift. I just say lift until you're pretty fatigued at the end, and you should do pretty well. And when you're lifting, or you're doing any type of resistance and or strength training, you are also causing muscle protein breakdown. Yeah, absolutely. But the mechanical force on the muscles are increasing protein synthesis. And what do you want to do? Yeah, no, that's great. Great explanation. Yeah, I mean, I think our wall analogy, again, is to say that actually exercise, physical exercise, and particularly some forms of weightlifting is a really potent one, turns up the rate at which we're pulling bricks out of the wall. You're creating damage. You're creating a stress on the muscle. Successful adaptation distress is that you're able to repair that damage and replace those damage proteins. And that's the synthesis side of things. And then clearly what we're aiming for is, so we have damage, and then we have synthesis. But now you've gone up a little bit, then we have damage synthesis. And over time, it's sort of down, up, down, up, but the trend is that you're getting better and better. The same with the robeck exercise. I mean, it's, you know, I'd say to people, like the exercise is great. But it's in recovery that we, that's where all the good stuff happens, because we, you know, as a result, we're a pair of any damage, recover from the stress, and hopefully you're recovered fully so that we're at the better starting point. Again, sometimes it's small changes, and then but over time, you know, people say, you know, when I first started, I was so tired, and I'm like, yeah, it's hard work. When you first get started, get past month one, month two, month three, month, you know, and then now you six months later, you're like, I'm so much stronger, I'm so, you know, et cetera, et cetera. It takes time and the stress is stress, you have to overcome it, but the benefits are massive. Does the recovery, I mean, is there certain, like if you're doing the strength training what's going to be 30 minutes, one day, like should you take, take the next day off matter, or can you like do what two days in a row, and then recover, is that just, again, these are the sorts of things, I think, you know, when you become more advanced, so now you're, I'm like, okay, I've got three days in the gym a week, I've got that down, no problem. And it becomes, you know, what more can I do to sort of maximize what I'm getting out of the workout that I'm doing? Most people split, say, a resistance workout, they'll do, they might pair exercises, or the most rudimentary one is sort of say, they're pushing exercises, so that above your head, they're pulling exercises, they're a bicep curl, and then they're leg exercises, so pushing, pulling legs, and you're working different muscle groups, and that's three days a week, it gives you, you know, the muscle has lots of time to recover. Some people do it really differently, the bodybuilding culture gets into, you know, individual body parts, so today is a bicep day, then next day is a tricep day, you know, Monday is usually always chest day, you're under the bar, doing a bench press, you work on your legs, you work on your lower legs, you work on your upper legs, you know, all of those are things that ways of splitting it up. I think, you know, my advice to most people is to say, you can probably break most exercises, resistance exercises down into some pretty basic ones. You know, there is a push from your back, that's a bench press, there's a shoulder press above your head. I'm not a big fan of isolation exercises, but, you know, squatting or leg press, if you don't want to squat, is really, you know, those are the three sort of, if you walk away and remember nothing, those are great exercises. You don't need to do too much more to be honest with you, but you branch out from there. I do think some people can handle a lot more. I know from my own experience when I was younger, I could do a heck of a lot more, and the recovery came a lot easier. Now, not so much, and the goals are different. My goal now is, you know, it has a 20 year horizon, 30 year horizon, so that's something I'm like, how long does it take you recover? I'm like, well, I don't know, I took a day off yesterday. I was okay. Disprotein helped with recovery. I mean, how much of a risk, for example, we talked about losing how much is like, you know, essential me know as to like that activate IGF1, playable and muscle repair? Yeah, a good question. I mean, I think as I said, you know, it's in recovery where all the good stuff happens. Like the workout is putting the stress on the muscle, and the bones, the joints, et cetera. And then the recovery part, the stress is removed, and it's like, okay, now it's repair time, recovery time, three hours, rehydrate, refuel repair. So you gotta get fluid back in if you've lost that. It's a primary one. You gotta get fuel back in, particularly if, you know, the next day you're gonna do another workout, the repair part, that's where the protein comes in. There's a lot of thoughts that the regenerative process also involves hormones going up and everything else. And I think for a large part, particularly when you're an adult, that's a non-issue, most of the restorative process and the recovery process is driven almost exclusively by macro nutrients. And so IGF1, I'm like, yeah, needs to be there, but it's not a stimulatory or an inhibitory hormone for repair recovery. Okay, let's talk a little bit about mechanisms. And because there was definitely some surprises and interesting findings when I was reading a lot of the literature and including predominantly yours. So what losing its major role in activating muscle proteins and this is through M-tour? Yes, through M-tour, very good. Okay, yeah, yeah. I mean, M-tour is one of these, it's a highly-conserved protein. It's sort of an integrative, nexus of all kinds of antibiotics, stimuli, including resistance exercise. So or any form of exercise, it's actually running through M-tour, losing goes through M-tour. It's dysregulation is involved in all kinds of processes, including cancer and lots of other things. So it has a really centrally important role and integrating all of those antibiotics signals. There are some thoughts now that there are actually two complexes of M-tour, one that's sensitive to nutrients, one that's actually more sensitive to exercise and one functions a little bit different than the other. But the ultimate culmination is that the downstream signals after you've stimulated M-tour are to turn on proteins synthesis and all of the regenerative or inabolic processes to repair or recover from any stress that's been exposed. So yeah, it's essentially important protein. We study it a lot. We're by no means experts in it. There are people that are far better at it than I am, so. Yeah, so inhibiting the one like M-tour one, which is the nutrient sensitive complex, or something like rap, amyus and fluid effect, muscle protein synthesis, but not because there's also M-tour two activity going on if a person is resistance training, maybe does it not as big of a deal or is it still does? Yeah, I think like I said, the benefits of the resistance training through probably through M-tour two are like this. You still get the protein synthetic response. With M-tour quannamine, that's where the thinner layer of the nutrient added stimulation goes on top of resistance training. So as you say, one sensitive to rap, amyus and the other one actually isn't. So the more we uncover with this, the more we realize we probably, 10 years ago, we thought we had it figured out, nah, we're not even close. And so now we're beginning to understand that mechanical stress from exercise is rooted through a different process, the nutrient stimulation of protein synthesis. So maybe that's the underpinning mechanism why a lot of people talk about restricting protein and not wanting to turn on the overly, or overly turn on the antibiotic side of things. And because uncontrolled growth and well, it's cell level, that's cancer. But as I pointed out to people, persist in exercise also activates M-tour on an almost chronic basis if you exercise every day. And now we're like, well, actually it's signaling through a different process. So maybe that's why it's beneficial and this one, if it's chronically turned up, it's not so good. Yeah, and it also goes back to some of the observational data we were talking about also a couple hours ago, whenever it was when you're looking at protein intake specifically animal protein versus plant protein and animal protein as you pointed out is higher in essential amino acids, including losing. And so you look at these all of cosmitalities and these cancer related mortalities and there is definitely conflicting data for sure. But there is an overall, like there's a lot of studies showing that there's a lower all-cosmortality in a lower cancer related mortality and people that consume plant proteins. However, when you start to look at the largest observational studies that have been done, those studies that have looked for any unhealthy lifestyle factors or I'm founding factors have found that, oh, actually people that have no unhealthy lifestyle factors. So there are not obese, not sedentary, not smoking, not excessively drinking alcohol. They have a similar all-cosmortality as a plant-eating person. Again, it goes down to that, okay, well, maybe if someone is obese and smoking or sedentary, before you start eating a lot of protein and doing and worrying about that, let's get rid of those unhealthy lifestyle factors. Let's get physically active, and lose some weight, some fat, and then things can fall into place. I couldn't agree more. I think in the broad checklist and people say, so what are you doing to H1? And I said, well, I'm trying to stay at a body weight that's not excessive. I weigh more now than I did when I was 13, 14, no kidding. I'm more than I did when I was 23, 24, but not much more. I'm physically active. I pay attention to what I eat 80% of the time and people say, well, what about the other 20%? I said, that's why I exercise. So I can indulge myself to 20% of the time. I don't need a vegan diet. I don't need a vegetarian diet, but I eat less meat, particularly red meat than I used to. I eat more fish. I don't need as many un-refined, or excuse me, refined, carbohydrates. I don't really have a sweet tooth, so I was kind of lucky in that way. So I don't feel compelled. I'm weak in the presence of chocolate. So, but maybe that's my one indulgence, but I don't smoke, never have. I don't drink as much as I used to. All of those things, and you're going check, check, check, check. And then people go, well, what about air-mitting fasting? And I'm like, you know what? And again, this is the analogy. I love this is to, you dip the water. You dip the cloth in the water. And the first ring is like you get a lot of water out. I'm like, that's maintaining your body weight. I'm like the second one is physical activity. The third one is watch what you eat. The fourth one is, and then you could add subtle nuance things more on that. But now you're, you know, it's only little drops that are coming out of the cloth. That's where I think a lot of the finer details, the vegan versus, you know, omnivorous diet. If you're judicious about how you plan, you're omnivorous diet, can make a difference. Yeah, if you're a smoker, that's a great thing to give up, because that's a bona fide of shortened lifespan, poor quality of life, et cetera. But I understand the power of addiction, and particularly if you started early, which is when most people take it up, man, it's a tough one to break. So, lose the weight physically active. I think what you said is pretty, pretty fair. Like the most important thing. Some products for them, and the little drops that can come out hormones. Yeah. Growth hormone, testosterone, I mean, getting to the sex hormones, um, yeah. I was quite surprised by, you know, some of the data coming out of your lab, that showed, maybe you can explain it, because you'll explain it better than I do. But, you know, looking at what effect, for example, growth hormone has on muscle proteins, and this is, yeah. So, this started to give you the origins or the genesis of this story. We were, I was early in my faculty appointment, and we were doing these studies, where we were infusing people with labeled amino acids to measure the rate of muscle protein synthesis. We were measuring these in cooperation, and these amino acids, and we had people exercising. These were mostly young men, freely admit that. We're making a push to do younger women, and older women, and a middle-aged women, perimenopausal women. So, stay tuned, it's coming. And we would send it in for publication, and they said you haven't measured, you know, testosterone growth hormone, and or insulin-like growth factor, and they go up after exercise, and they're driving this protein synthetic response. And my training is as a biochemist. I'm not a exercise physiometall, I was varsity athlete, so you know, the pairing the two seem logical to me. And I'd actually worked with, you know, some people that were pretty good with steroid biochemistry. And my understanding was that steroid hormones just to hospital, not sort of things, but it's lit across membranes, bound to receptor, receptor went into the nucleus, modified the expression of genes. And that takes a long time. That's not a transitory testosterone's up that do this, and 15 minutes later, it's back down. I'm growth hormone, the same thing. So, we thought, you know, we need to test this. We either need to show that those hormones are important, or they're not, and so that's why we don't think we need to measure them. And it's a journey that it's taken us, you know, 20 years probably about four PhD students, a couple of good postdocs. So it's been a good one, lots of people have chipped in. And we've tried very, very hard to show that those hormones have an antibiotic effect. And we've never been able to see it. And we've manipulated all kinds of experimental conditions, and we just don't see an impact. I think the most damning evidence against testosterone is a big driver of muscle protein synthesis, is to say, you know, if you take men and women, and agree, like men start out with more muscle mass than women, and you resistance train them. And this is a meta analysis now. Guy named Brandon Roberts did this one. And you resistance train them, relative to what they started with. Everybody goes up the same amount. Women get the same amount of muscle growth as men do, but they had less muscle to start with, because, you know, boys and girls are like this, puberty happens, boys become men, manish. And that's the testosterone surge. But after that, they just sort of, they follow each other. So the big T, not so important. Now, this is where people say, but steroids work, I'm like, absolutely. And so this is the normal, diuronal variation and testosterone. This is steroids. It's about two to three standard deviations away. And if the person is taking either early or is an injectable, it's up all the time. And whereas we're talking about transient fluctuations and hormones throughout the day, if you take men and they have diagnosed as a prostate cancer, they're often put on an Android and deprivation therapy. So they're taking from a normal testosterone state to a high-poco-natal state. And yeah, they lose muscle mass. They actually, it's almost a feminizing process for these guys, but it's good news for the prostate tumor, which is a reproductive hormone-driven tumor. And the dirty secret that we're trying to sort of, our lab and lots of others are trying to convince and talk to women, particularly around menopause, is it's not just bone that drops off. It's muscle too. And that's the loss of estrogen mediated stimulation of protein synthesis. So that's the sort of the testosterone story. And I think it's pretty much we can put that one to bed. Now, I will say this, there's a lot of people making a lot of noise and a lot of water about certain supplements that boost testosterone and do this, that and the other. And I just came from the American College of Sports Medicine meetings and listened to a great talk. Good friend of mine, Eric Ross, and said, this is a case of what's old as new. There have been in my 25-year career now McMaster, probably about two dozen testosterone boosting supplements that I've seen come and go. And then it seems like we just can't get rid of them. So there's another two or three hot ones out now. And I won't name them, but let's just say, I get DMs on Instagram, which one should I take? I'm like, save your money. Like it's what? Why bother? Like just get to the gym and lift. And that tends to upset a lot of people. I do think, however, if you go and you look back at, it was an interesting diet, an interesting diet. It was, I think it did this. It was a hormone precursor. I'm having trouble getting my tongue around here. It was plant-based hormones. It was, et cetera, et cetera. None of these, you know, fan you Greek. None of these things have worked. It's, again, look at the sum to a tality of the research. Not one study, not one person talking about this on an Instagram reel. I think you just need to step back. And you know, Phillips quote on quote three rules of supplements taken from a good mentor of mine, Ron Mawn. If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is. If it's too good to be true, it's probably banned. Or you need a big prescription for it. There may be some exceptions. This rule number three, but they're very few. So the growth hormone story is another one. And the easiest way I sort of like to try and explain that to people is the lack of growth hormone when you're young. So high-pote classical high-pote toataryism leads to shorter stature, dwarfism. Those individuals have an amount of muscle mass that's directly proportional to their stature. If you have high-pote toataryism, your agiant, you just tall. You don't have excessive muscle mass. You have it directly proportional to your stature. So growth hormone is a stimulator of stature. You're height. So it's good for bones. It's actually really good for collagen and everybody goes collagen. Your bone is actually about 40% by composition, protein. It's not just a stick of chalk. There's a layer of collaginous protein around it. But this may be where collagen has achieved its sort of notoriety, particularly in the supplemental form for athletes. Is it stimulates collaginous tissue synthesis? And if you think about it, so you take to stoster home, your muscles get bigger. They probably get big enough that you can do ridiculous things in terms of lifting really heavy weights, but to the degree that you can tear your muscle right off of a tendon and it happens. And so where the growth hormone comes in, this is my own personal theory. It stimulates collaginous synthesis and so the tendon becomes stronger too. And laced throughout your muscle are collaginous proteins. So that's where growth hormone is beneficial. So we're in California. I'm vote the Victor Balco and say, you have to get the cream and you have to get the clear. And that's the steroid hormones and the growth hormone. You need both of them to be a big, strong guy. But both of those hormones are pro-anabolic and therefore pro-cancer hormones. Chronic elevations to those hormones mess with a lot of systems that we're only beginning to understand. So excessive testosterone or high levels, great driver of prostate growth, excessive growth hormone, a great driver of lots of different tissues. But it's lack and this is where you've had Dr. Longo on the show before. He shows in certain populations of dors, for example, who have a particular type of dwarfism and lack of growth hormone receptor, they don't get cancer. So do we really want to mess with that system as my question? And I think that us showing that they don't have a particularly huge role at least within the normal variation is a lot different than people coming out to the extremes down here. And if you're clinically low in those hormones, by all means. But for most guys, I'd stay away from that stuff. You have shown that angiogen receptor content increases with resistance training and is correlated with muscle proteins synthesis. I'm going to try to understand it quickly. What do you think then? Because the angiogen testosterone also increase angiogen receptors? So it probably does a little bit as a feed forward mechanism. But I think that there's a little bit of a feed back mechanism in the nature of which I'm not entirely sure. But you can only get so much angiogen receptor. But your entirely right, as I said, the testosterone or other steroid hormones estrogen as well, bind to receptors and those receptors turn on genes. And so the content of the receptors may be we think anyway. Another subshurellum the same thing. The rate limiting action of where the testosterone probably is having any action if it's having any action at all. And the same for estrogen. So. OK. So there could be some and maybe other metabolites that bind into the eye. Where we're scratching your surface with the big one and said there's lots of other downstream hormones that we're not looking at, for sure. Well, that makes a lot of sense with the extremes. Because I would, those were, you pretty much answered my questions, which were, you know, you give, you inject, you know, people with testosterone and muscle growth goes up. But it's super physiologic, dealing with both hormone, though, right? Yeah, absolutely. Super physiologic. Absolutely. So it's not just so much of the transient increase that you're getting from the exercise, but this constant, like where it's just elevated for like hours and hours and hours. And, you know, it's not like, like I said, the diurnal range is so ridiculously small as opposed to, you know, where steroids are or where growth hormone administration is, that the comparison of like normal changes, you know, I'm a high testosterone responder or I'm a low testosterone or I'm a high growth hormone, you know, et cetera. It's not the same as talking about somebody who's taking exogenous supplemental hormones. They're completely different paradigm. So you can't invoke this as proof of that, if you like. The deficiency end is interesting. And I can see the clinical case for treating high-poken adult men if they have low testosterone or kids with, you know, classic high-pupotourism to get them to a, probably not the statuary that they would have if they're completely normal. But certainly not short. Some people choose not to do it. Some people just say, no, that's, that's how I was born, that's the way it is. I can respect that, but at the same time, you could make a case. Where I differ with some of these sort of exogenous, they call themselves anti-aging clinics, is that the anti-aging that you get as a result of taking the hormone is maybe at the expense of over stimulation of anabolic or cell division cancer, et cetera, to the degree that it's doing you more harm than good. And I think unless it's closely managed, you need to be aware of that. Are you talking about like hormone replacement therapy? What about people that are doing hormone replacement therapy that are mimicking more what your physiologic levels would be? And that's the paradigm. So if this is the normal range of testosterone and most guys, they point out that it's quite right wide and it is. So you can be just this side of it or just this side of it and you're at the low end of normal and bringing you into the normal range, that's clinical treatment. And it's the same for women at menopause taking supplemental estrogen to bring themselves back to where they were premenopausily, I understand. But those are closely monitored clinical situations or bringing you, with growth hormone injections back to here. I think where the difference is, you know, the sort of all called the wild west of these anti-aging clinics where people just could take this and there's no monitoring of what happens or it's a physique driven process. And so, you know, older guys say, look at me now and I'm like, that's great. You look great. I hope there's nothing, you know, with your prostate or elsewhere that's growing, that's all. And that again comes down to our lifestyle on physical activity, you know, which as you said, you 20% you don't, you're eating, you're eating, you're bad stuff, you're, you're bad stuff. I indulged, you indulged. Yeah, yeah. A slice of cheesecake is okay. Right. Happed dog at a ball game is okay in my opinion, but you know, especially if you're a physically active person, you're not eating it for every meal every day. Right. I mean, so, you know, again, it comes down to, I think also, you know, back to some of the observational studies where, you know, if you are going to do hormone replacement therapy and like maybe there's a reason evolutionary speaking, like that our bodies start to make less of those growth factors and hormones as we each. Maybe because cancer incident is good up. And so if you're not taking care of the other factors that can lead to cancer, like, you know, like exercise, you know, it was one of the best known ways to lower risk. Absolutely. Many different cancers, including hormone hormones. Yes. You know, then you probably shouldn't be thinking about hormone replacement therapy and to figure out the physical activity part first, right? So, you know, for each other. But yeah, great. No, no, no, I think it's a really relevant point to say that as you say, the benefits of exercise never stop. I mean, it's almost embarrassing to talk about how good it is for you. You talked about cancer. Yeah, 13 to the 26 most common types of cancer or lower in people who have higher levels of leisure time, physical activity. And so that's not exercise. That's gardening. That's walking. That's like, you know, just the general day to day, you know, not yes, moving around yet, not sitting down all the time. So, you know, and we were talking before the show to say, I have a colleague, I give her a shout out Jen Heiss, just wrote a great book on the mental health benefits of exercise in, you know, 15, 20 years ago, if you said, well, you're going to, you can change the size of your hippocampus and your brain with exercise that have been like, right. You can. You get improvements in mood. You get improvements in depressive symptoms, anxiety, and everything. You're almost of the magnitude similar to people, you know, taking pharmaceutical, you know, interventions for those things. So, it's just a win-win-win-win. If it's a pill, we have everybody who'll be on it. Absolutely. I kind of want to just, because it's a good transition into the sauna, the growth hormone type of test. You know, I've been a routine sauna user since about 2009. Yeah. I used to, I mean, I was used to go every day. All right. So, I was like, really, for me, it was like my grad school. You know, I just, I would go into the sauna before I go into the lab and it really seemed to help with my anxiety and help me. So, I started to read about it. It was something's going on here, right? And I came into this whole growth hormone literature. We're like, holy crap. You can do like two or three back-to-back sauna sessions, separated by, you know, five or ten minutes of cooling. And you could get up to like a 16-fold transient elevation in growth hormone. Yes. And so, at the time, I was thinking, oh, you know, because I had used it so much through periods of injury and when I usually lose muscle mass and it was very apparent to me, subjectively speaking, that I was not losing muscle mass. And so, at the time, you know, it's like, growth hormone. That's it because it's an animal hormone, of course. Yeah. You know, net proteins and this is will be increased. And turns out I was probably wrong about that part. So, yeah. Yeah, I mean, I think the way to think about these hormones is that when we're kids and we're growing, you need growth hormone to grow. Your IGF1 is a pro-growth factor. Once you're finished, you're linear and sort of broad growth. These hormones are mostly, in the case of growth hormone, it's actually a fat mobilizing hormone. That's one of its great side effects if you're taking exogenous growth hormone. You notice you get leaner. It probably doesn't do much for your muscle. I do think that there's something to the heat exposure, probably outside of growth hormone, that at the local level, we're beginning to appreciate that the stress of the sauna. So, it is stress, what's a thermal stress? But, I mean, it sort of recreates, quote unquote, mimics some aspects of exercise. And we talked about hot yoga is one of these great sort of not only relaxing therapeutic, but you're physically active. You're stretching muscles, but you're doing in the heat. So, there's a big thermal stress and your cardiovascular system, absolutely is like, we're on the siege here. Heart rate goes up, everything else like that. But our muscles begin to turn on what we call heat shock proteins. So, these heat shock proteins, as the name implies, they were discovered when people applied local heating. And for a long time, they're like, I don't know what these proteins do, but what we understand now, that they shaper on, or they act as essentially, little proteins that bind to other proteins to prevent them from being what we call misfolded. And part of the stress response, and so, as the name implies, could be stressed due to exercise, could be stressed due to sickness, could be stressed, you know, you name it, is that more proteins are misfolded. So, and people, you know, what about misfolded proteins? And I said, well, you know, proteins are string of amino acids, and then it sort of bends in on itself, and then it does all kinds of things. And it twists into a shape that is, it's final shape for it to be useful. But sometimes, it doesn't do that, and it does something else. And let's say it just, it doesn't fold into the shape, it should be. And stress proteins help those proteins maintain and get into that appropriate folded structure. So, yes, I think you were getting benefits. I, you know, I don't know that the growth hormone was a big part of it, but definitely the, the heat shock protein response is, I think, and we were getting to see more and more that you can alleviate muscle atrophy, and even in some patient groups with various forms of muscular dystrophy that actually, you know, heating and exercise could have synergistic benefits. So, again, pulling away some of the, you know, the covers on this, it's a fascinating area. So, and the other part, and we, we talked about this too, you feel good afterwards. And as they said, at the top levels of athletic performance, like the feeling good part is, you can't undervalue that, even if the physiology goes, oh, there's nothing to it, and the athlete says, I feel good, right? And the physiology goes, oh, okay, well, you know, you scored three goals last night. So, look, who might get that, you know, I can't argue. Yeah, it's a feeling good as big. It is. I'm glad you brought up the heat shock proteins because that, to my credit, I did publish a review. All right. Where are you going? Talk to all about the heat shock proteins. For a little bit. For the preventing and, you know, muscle atrophy with, there's been animal studies that I had cited many, you know, many years ago, and they've been sort of redone in a sense in some local applied heat therapy studies where they're preventing, you know, atrophy from disused. Yes. And so, again, back to this elderly population. So, I've been able to get my mother in the sauna, in the sauna. Yeah. And, you know, there's only so much you can do with someone who has not spent their entire life in a very physical, physically active. Correct. And I find that it's easier to get her in the sauna. And so, I'm, I'm mimicking to some degree in a little bit of moderate aerobic exercise. Yeah. And then, hopefully, also getting some heat shock proteins to help with muscle atrophy, which she's battled, everyone, you know, as we're getting a little bit of battling. So, it's really nice to hear that you said that on the, on the field, depression. I'll send you my article. Sure, sure. There's a whole section because there's been a, a sham controlled trial looking at the effects of heat stress on majored pressive disorder. There's a sham control with them. Yeah. And basically, it had an under-depressant effect. And I'm working now. I'm collaborating with someone, I'm a small collaborator. I'm the biomarker person. Yeah. Dr. Ashley Mason, she's at UCSF, she's now running a large, more, a large, randomized control trial on this. And so, that's in the, in the works right now. But the thermal stress side of things, you wonder, you know, so here's exercise. There's thermal stress, but there's muscular activity. So you're talking, I'll call it passive thermal stress. I mean, they must cross over. And so, would it be surprising that, you know, one sort of mimics part of what the other does. And so, yeah. So I have a question for you because as I was reading some of your reviews, something that came up was, you know, looking into the causes of sarcopenia, the many causes. Yes. But even down to like looking at the molecular and the muscle tissue level, there was this degradation or a proteostasis. What? The, the, the basically proteostasis was messed up in type two. Was it type two muscle fibers? Yep. And I was wondering if the heat shock proteins in sauna may play a very specific role in countering that type of. So if you'd asked me that and here's where, you know, never stop learning begins, even three or four weeks ago, I would have to say, you know, I'm not really sure. I had the pleasure of attending the International Biochemistry of Exercise Conference in Toronto. So it was an easy one for me to get to just two weeks ago. And there was discussion about this sort of heating aspect of things and heat shock protein response in what it could do is in terms of a protective measure against atrophy and maybe it's important. And it was in the context of somebody who was talking about the benefits of exercise for people with various forms of dystrophy. But, you know, let's just say it's muscle loss and, you know, the heat shock protein response as in the role that I described as a shaperone protein. But also in other ways that we're probably not understanding as well, could be beneficial. And I definitely didn't want to dismiss that. I do think that there is enough evidence to be at least interested in raise your eye about, say, this is deserving of greater and deeper study. So again, okay, said, honestly, three or four weeks ago, I mean, like, I don't know, but I heard a great exchange between a former mentor of mine and a good friend who is an extraordinarily bright individual. And they both sort of nodded and thought, you know what, this is something that there's something going on. So I'm still learning. We're all still learning. So yeah, never say never. Yeah, I mean, if you ever want to, I got Dr. Deary Lackenon, he's an East up in Linn. He's a friend of mine. And he's got lots of samples and looking for collaborators always. So there's lots of possibilities there because I would love to sort of connect people and try to ask the right questions and see if we can answer them. And then that would be. It's an interesting one to answer because it seems that the heat shock response is something you can locally induce. It doesn't have to be as saunas. So you can heat one leg and not the other leg for an exam. So these are all these things that can pop in my mind and like how could we study that in the most efficiently possible? Do we need to put people in the saunas? That wouldn't be good. Right. Maybe we could do local heating and again, that the cardiovascular effects to do with that and opening up capillaries and so more profusion at them. I mean, there's all kinds of things that are suggested that there could be something going on there, yeah, for sure. Well, before we wrap this up, this has been a really very interesting talk. So I want to go back to your three. If it's too good to be true, probably is. There was the third one, which is their exceptions. And I want to, here's my jam. Go for it. Omega-3 and Vitamin D. I check. Okay. Okay. So my supplement shelf is small. I live a lot further north than you do. So we get less useful sunshine, definitely in the winter months. Vitamin D is, yeah, absolutely. So my question to you being a muscle expert. And me, I guess people would call me an enthusiast. I definitely try to follow the science, but there's widespread deficiency with Vitamin D. Correct. Yes. You know, across North America. Absolutely. And it is a steroid hormone that is doing similar things. Like testosterone in the sense where is binding a receptor going into the cell nucleus and regulating- Changing all kinds of genes, absolutely. Like 5% of the protein-incoding hemorrhage. Absolutely. So it's not just about bone homostasis back to the RDA, but with Omega-3. Yes. So I do read a lot of the literature. And I certainly don't always get things right. But I've seen more than one. I've seen probably a handful of studies now, looking at Omega-3 supplementation and muscle mass. Specifically, there's older women, usually in older populations, but it helping with, I think it may be helping prevent somebody atrophy or having with lean muscle mass. Is that a real thing? It's a real thing. And like in our hands, I had a postdoc, Chris McLory. He left the lab when he came. He has a faculty position now at Queens University. But when he came, he was an Omega-3 guy. And he said, we need to study more of this in human muscles. So we ran a trial. And we ran it actually, younger women. And then a bunch of people said, why don't you run it women? Nobody ever asked you that. Why don't you run it men, right? So we did it in younger women. For a number of reasons, there's not much research in younger women. And we did actually think that it might be more effective in women than men. For reasons, I don't fully understand as you mentioned older women there as well. We supplemented one group with very high dose omega-3 fatty acids. And we supplement the other group with sort of a coronoel placebo. And then we brazed one of their legs for our local, this use-attrophy model for two weeks. And the women on the Omega-3 supplement saw a really mild, disuse-attrophy response. And then returned to normal, much quicker than the other group who saw a much greater atrophic response and didn't get back to normal after two weeks. So we call it passive remobilization. You remove the brace. You don't actively rehab. You just go back, do all your normal things. So it's anti-catabolic for sure. That you can have a nutritional intervention that can affect disuse like that. That's a profound finding. So you can imagine with respect to our disuse, catabolic crisis model, lots more work to be done. That's more Chris's area. He left, I'm like, that's yours, man. What's the still doing it? You still doing it? I mean, here's the thing is that we have this aging population. And it is much easier. It is much as we want to get them to, first and foremost, can we get them to do any sort of resistance training, obviously. But that is struggle, especially for people that are much, much older, getting them to take a pill. Is one of the easiest things that you can do. And I think there's just been more and more evidence that there's a many benefits. And I have talked about a lot of this. But the anti-inflammatory resolving inflammation in so many different ways. I mean, there's the specialized mediating promediating molecules. There's the resolvements, the protectants, the maricens. I mean, it's doing, it isn't just prostaglandins. It's not just this one pathway. I mean, it's doing a lot of things. What role does inflammation, so inflammation? I know from reading your work inflammation in a disease state cancer or textured IBDs or things like this. And it can be catabolic, right? Absolutely. But about the low grade chronic inflammation that unhealthy. Yeah, I think the disclaimer is, we've learned a lot about how to make muscle more antibiotic in young individuals. And then we've extended that to healthy, older individuals. We don't have older individuals participating in our study if they're on and the list of medications is relatively long. So they're probably the healthiest of the older population. And so we're getting, we'd like to think that's a true effect of aging rather than some meds that they're taking. But let me just say that chronic low grade inflammation and what people call inflamaging is problematic. It's probably responsible for some of the antibiotic resistance we talked about. We think so dampening the inflammation beforehand could help you get more antibiotic in extreme situations. So ICU or cancer or particularly cancer caccia where people are swimming in inflammatory cytokines. And COVID gave us a little glimpse of this cytokine storm that some people experience. And the prognosis becomes very poor. So we think a lot of things nutritionally can combat muscle abuse. But if you have a patient that's on bed rest and an ICU and they're massively inflamed, you can throw a lot of things nutritionally at these people. And it's just dust in the wind. Nothing really happens. So the message is you've got to get inflammation under control before you're able to see the full and robust effect of a lot of the antibiotics stimuli that we're talking about. So it is an issue. And it's clearly something that people need to think about as they get older. I'm actually of the mind that the low dose aspirin that a lot of people are taking to sort of tamp down inflammation is probably a good thing. But then also the flip side is to say, there is some degree of inflammation that needs to happen. So if you keep chronically suppressing inflammatory responses in younger people, even, I don't think you get a full adaptation. So some inflammation, good, and necessary, chronic low grade inflammation, probably not good, definitely rampant inflammation in all kinds of clinical states. Yeah, that's really going to take the edge off of anything that you do both nutritionally and probably from an exercise perspective too. Yeah, that and what you said makes a lot of sense with obvious you do want an inflammatory response when you need it. I mean, you see pathogen. And that is also why I think omega-3 is one of the best ways to kind of lower the chronic inflammation because it has to do with resolving the... In so many ways, the resolving of the inflammation. It's almost if you're turning down the burner, right? You're just sort of, you know, it's taking the edge off of that. So no, I agree. Right. Yeah. And then my last supplement to ask you about creatine, on the hydrate is that, like, is that something, I mean, I mean, there's evidence that it seems to be beneficial for muscle growth, for brain health, but is there side effects? Is there worry? Like, is it what do your thoughts on it? Yeah, yeah. So again, short supplement shelf. That's on there for me. I don't take it all the time. I have periods where I'm doing a lot of work. I try and sort of ramp up the volume of work that I'm doing. And I will add creatine in at that time. Now, I know a lot of, I've got friends who will say, why aren't you taking it all the time? And I get it. Probably about 40 years old now. So a supplement's go. It came and stayed, which makes it one of the number three categories. It sounds to good to be true. It's effects are pretty mild on muscle, but they're there. They're potent. They last. Now the brain and the cognitive side of things is, you know, the evidence is growing in that area too. If there were a danger with it, you know, that it was having, there was a lot of talk about its damage in your kidneys. It's doing this. You shouldn't, you know, it's a Guantadino compound, et cetera, et cetera. We've got 40 years worth of data with people on the supplement now. And we're not seeing some sort of right wave of people who used it getting various forms of cancer, et cetera, et cetera, which you would expect 40 years is enough to see the effect. All the data reviewing it from a safety standpoint has given it two thumbs up. The adverse events are rare. Usually in combination because people are taking, not only that supplement, but several others. So, you know, pinning it on creatin' per se. It hasn't shown any creatin' so. It definitely gets an a grade from the effectiveness standpoint. I think it's good for younger and older people. I'm good with the health or the safety side of things, as well. I do think people, if they're gonna try it, should do it sort of gradually, used to be take these big loading doses. And I think most people now, give friend of mine, Mark Tornalpalski, neuromusketer physician, has all of his neuromusketer patients on it. So, I think that that's a fairly robust endorsement of what it can do for people with compromise muscle function. And he recommends that these people just start with a dose of about, you know, four to five grams of creatin' a day. What does he, what does he use in it, like exactly four? Well, I mean, all of these people have is one of their overriding symptoms no matter what they have, whether it's a mitochondrial myopathy or some sort of dystrophy condition is muscle weakness. So, people do get a little bit of a boost. It may not be, you know, something that you were eye to consider worthy, but if you're somebody who's close to that line where, you know, disability is here and ability is here, then creatin' could be what it is that pushes you over that line. So, he's, you know, I think, one, and again, you can go and read his papers. They're pretty robust studies done in all kinds of populations. And so, yeah, try it. See what you think. Most people tolerate it very well. You don't need a fancy brand of it. The stuff they sell at Costco or whatever is just as good as anything else. The monohydrate form is the one to aim for. Don't be fooled by creatin' insert your favorite derivative monohydrate is the one that's been most studied and so probably the one you want to go for for sure. And it's good to know. So, you don't actually have to be physically active to reap any benefits from it. And that was the question I had. I mean, again, thinking of parents and grandparents. Right. I mean, that's the issue with the ones that are not physically active. Or that, I mean, there's people that walk their dogs and stuff, which is good. That at least gives them some physical activity. But you don't have to be pumping iron and stuff to it. No, you don't. Because I always thought about it. I'm like, well, I'm not like a gym or a ads. Yeah, yeah, I need it. I mean, yeah, yeah. I mean, I think the stuff now with creatin' that they're uncovering that makes me think maybe this should be part of my regular routine. Actually, it has less to do with the muscle. And more to do with the brain and the cognitive performance that it's come back several times now, improves. And you mentioned on the director of pace, it has a special place at my heart. And the truth is that you talk to people in pace. Our oldest participant is 104. So I consider him to be the icon of wisdom. And people talk about when they get older from a health standpoint. They want to be a burden. And that always when you unpack it is around, I don't want for somebody to have to take care of me because my physical capacity has gone down. All that my mental capacity has gone down. They all fear that. So it's dementia and then it's physical inability to do things. And so I say, well, you're here working on the physical ability and but you're working on the dementia too. And they say, well, what else can I do? I said, well, here's a list of sort of things. And by no means a dementia expert, but create and might be something that older people might want to talk about for sure. That's awesome. Really appreciate this conversation too. And I look forward to continuing to follow your research. You are quite active on Twitter. So can you tell people what your Twitter handle is? Is your handle? Yes. Yes. I'm Mac Kim Proff, Macy KNPR-OF, the same on Instagram. I'm much better on Twitter. I just must more comfortable with that rather than a picture of me doing something on Instagram. And I do have a Facebook page as well. It's smp.phd.p and that's a professional page. You can find me on Facebook. And I'm on LinkedIn as well. So awesome. Well, I follow you on Twitter. And there's your tweeting useful things so I encourage others to follow you as well. And again, thank you so much to our friends. My pleasure. Look forward to chatting with you again soon. Yeah.