Welcome to today's deep exploration into one of Nutrition's most critical and debated topics. Protein. Beyond its well-known role as the building block of muscle, protein is fundamental to our metabolism, insulin sensitivity, and the prevention of diseases such as type 2 diabetes and sercopemia. But how much dietary protein do we really need? And could too much protein, especially for meat, actually be harmful. Today we'll discuss why maintaining an even building muscle is critical for everyone, not just athletes. You'll discover how protein intake coupled with resistance training drives muscle repair and growth, enhancing athletic performance, improving metabolic health, and promoting longevity by acting as a defense against age-related frailty. You'll learn about optimal protein amounts based on age, activity level, and goals. Whether you want to actively gain muscle, maintain it, or just improve body composition. We will critically examine current protein recommendations, challenging the adequacy of the RDA of 0.8 grams per kilogram body weight. Drawing on the latest research, we discuss why higher intakes, ranging from 1.2 to 1.6 grams per kilogram, are more beneficial for general health, and why up to 2 grams are higher, maybe best for body recomposition. Addressing the contentious links between high protein diets and health risks, we will analyze evidence surrounding proteins association with cancer, heart disease, and kidney function. We'll explore how lifestyle factors, particularly physical activity, profoundly influences risk. Specifically, we'll uncover how exercise modulates growth factors like IGF1, diverting them towards muscle and brain tissue, where they support repair and growth, while potentially mitigating their pro-cancer effects and other tissues. We dissect the differences between animal and plant proteins, and stimulating muscle protein synthesis. We'll provide practical strategies for vegetarians and vegans to meet their protein needs effectively through increased total intake, diversified sources, and the use of plant-based protein concentrates. We'll also dispeel myths around protein intake timing. You'll learn how distributing protein evenly across meals can maximize muscle protein synthesis, and why the so-called post-exercise animal like window may not be as narrow as one thought. Additionally, we highlight the pivotal role of the amino acid loosing in activating muscle building pathways, and how this impacts protein quality considerations. By the end of this episode, you'll be equipped with all of the evidence-based insights you need to better navigate common misconceptions and ultimately harness protein for muscle maintenance, performance, and a frailty free future. So let's get into it. How much muscle we have tells us more about how we are aging than body weight or BMI ever could. Here's the startling fact. After the age of 50, the average person loses about 1% of the muscle mass every single year, and it's not just muscle mass. Strength plummet's even faster, dropping around 3% annually. By the time you reach 75, if you're not engaging in regular strength training, you could be losing up to 4% of your strength every year. So what can we do about this? Exercise, both before you need it, building muscle reserve, but also in old age to slow and reverse the decline. While resistance training is the most important factor for building and maintaining muscle mass and strength, protein intake plays an important role too. A meta-analysis from Dr. Stuart Phillips and colleagues highlights the importance of protein intake by showing that people who engage in resistance training and supplemented with additional protein taking their total daily protein intake up to 1.6 grams per kilogram body weight, increase their muscle mass by 27% and their strength by 10% more than those who did resistance training without additional protein supplementation. So these people were getting around 1.2 grams of protein per kilogram body weight. So dialing in that protein intake matters for both muscle mass and strength when combined with resistance training. Skeletal muscle makes up around 30% to 40% of our lean body mass. More muscle doesn't just mean more strength. It means better metabolism, enhanced insulin sensitivity, and a pretty good defense against type 2 diabetes. It also dramatically decreases frailty and the risk for sarcopenia, one of the main risk factors for falls and fractures in older adults. Research has shown that individuals who suffer from a fragility fracture are twice is likely to die compared to those without such fractures. And between 22 to 58% of people with a hip fracture pass away within just 12 months after the injury. In old age, falling and breaking a hip can literally be a death sentence. A better body composition dramatically improves quality of life and reduces disability risk. Having a higher muscle mass can decrease the risk of early death by 30%. Whereas having a high fat mass can increase that risk by 56%. So what explains are greater susceptibility to lose muscle mass as we get older? There are a few factors that play a role in this, but a big player here is a phenomenon called anabolic resistance. So as we age, our muscles become less responsive to amino acids, meaning they don't trigger muscle protein synthesis in response to protein intake as effectively. So for older individuals, the same amount of protein results in a smaller increase in muscle protein synthesis compared to younger people. Some studies have shown that an older person requires almost twice as much protein for the same response. For example, around 0.24 grams of protein per kilogram body weight or 0.1 grams per pound. That's 20 grams of protein for about an 80 kilogram man. Someley stimulates muscle protein synthesis in some young. But this dose is higher for older adults who need about 0.4 grams per protein per kilogram or 0.18 grams per pound of protein per dose. An older adult man weighing about 80 kilograms would need about 32 grams of protein to maximally stimulate muscle protein synthesis. By the way, for anyone taking notes, this suggests that the optimal amount of protein per dose is between 20 and as high as 35 grams of protein depending on your personal level anabolic resistance. So this means a few things. The first is that if you're older, you need a higher total daily protein intake to maintain or increase muscle mass. It also means that you need a higher dose of protein at each meal to stimulate muscle protein synthesis. But anabolic resistance is not inevitable or only due to aging as some might suggest. In fact, physical inactivity may actually be the biggest contributor. Reducing physical activity worsens anabolic resistance. For example, taking fewer steps for just two weeks causes anabolic resistance and older adults and reduces their insulin sensitivity. Imagine what decades of inactivity can do. That's the bad news. But the good news is that exercise makes muscle more sensitive to protein and essentially negates anabolic resistance. When older adults exercise before protein intake, their muscle anabolic response is identical to that of a younger adult. So how do I interpret this? Active older adults probably don't experience as much anabolic resistance as inactive people. And therefore it might not be such an issue for people that are physically active. The most effective way to combat anabolic resistance as we age is through regular physical activity combined with a higher daily protein intake, ideally around 1.6 grams per kilogram body weight. We do not have to be frail on old age. We can build muscle into our 40s, 50s, 60s, and even our 70s and beyond. And we can definitely increase muscle strength and power output at this age. In one study that recruited adults aged 90 years and older, 8 weeks of high intensity strength training produced a hundred and seventy four percent increase in muscle strength. Muscle strength in size increased even in the ninth decade of life. An age when most people wouldn't even think twice about touching a weight. So let's talk about the optimal protein intake. The optimal amount of protein will not be the same for everyone. Some people want to build muscle mass, some people want to maintain it and others want to improve their body composition by building muscle and losing fat. Each of these goals requires a more tailored approach. The first thing to know is that it's generally agreed upon that protein needs should be calculated based on a lean body mass or an adjusted body weight reflecting a healthy body fat percentage. So for example, 12 to 15 percent for men and around 20 percent for women. This prevents unrealistic targets, especially for those who are overweight or obese. So when I refer to protein intake in grams per kilogram of body weight per day, what am I dealing referring to is your ideal or goal body weight. Let's address one thing up front. The recommended dietary allowance or the RDA for protein of 0.8 grams per kilogram is thought by many to be too low. This is because the RDA was derived from nitrogen balance studies which have limitations due to incomplete collection and inaccurate estimates of amino acid losses. The optimal range for daily protein intake is closer to 1.2 to 1.6 grams per kilogram body weight per day or roughly 0.54 to 0.72 grams per pound. This is based on alternative methods like stable isotope studies which consistently show that higher intakes are necessary to maintain a positive protein balance. Far above the 0.8 grams per kilogram often cited. So aiming for at least 1.2 grams and up to 1.6 grams is what we're talking about for optimal protein intake. There's good evidence to suggest this. For example, older adults consuming at least 1.2 grams of protein per kilogram body weight per day prevented age-related losses in lean mass when compared to consuming the RDA of 0.8 grams per kilogram body weight. Older women were also 30% less likely to experience frailty when consuming protein above the RDA. So what is the optimal protein intake for building muscle while resistance training? For people engaged in resistance training, a protein intake of 1.6 grams per kilogram body weight per day has been shown to maximize gains in lean body mass with a 27% increase and muscle mass over even a 1.2 gram per kilogram intake. That's a lot and it really just serves to really underscore how low the RDA really is when you're talking about 0.8 grams per kilogram body weight. By the way, for an excellent discussion of the protein RDA and much more, see my interview with Dr. Stewart Phillips in episode 76 of the Family Fitness podcast. There are special circumstances where even a higher protein intake might offer some marginal benefit. The first example is people undergoing body recomposition, where they are in an energy deficit to lose fat mass while preserving or even increasing muscle mass. So let's talk a little bit more about body recomposition and weight loss. A higher protein intake tends to improve satiety. It helps you feel fuller for longer and may help prevent overeating. For people who want to lose weight, this is a major benefit. Eating more protein is also essential during weight loss to prevent the loss of lean body mass. When you eat a higher protein calorie restricted diet, more weight loss comes from fat mass than muscle mass. But remember, resistance training is also important to prevent the loss of lean mass. High protein diets may also cause a slight increase in the metabolic rate due to the thermic effective food, helping you burn a few more calories throughout the day. The second example where a higher protein intake above 1.6 grams per kilogram may be beneficial is with professional athletes where extremely marginal improvements in muscle protein synthesis give them an edge on competition. So in this scenario, this is where up to 2.2 grams per kilogram per day or 1 gram per pound may provide marginal benefits. Despite common misconceptions, a very high protein intake is not harmful to kidney health in people without preexisting kidney conditions. Research consistently shows that high protein diets are safe for most people and any concerns over kidney damage are largely unfounded. So let's talk about this myth. Early interpretations of certain studies suggested that excessive protein intake might overwork the kidneys. While protein restriction can slow the progression of kidney disease in some individuals, we now know this does not imply that a healthy people should limit their protein consumption. Higher protein diets do induce changes in kidney function, but they do not overburden the kidneys. The observed increase in markers in kidney function is a normal adaptive response to eliminate urea and other waste products generated during protein metabolism. This is entirely normal for individuals with healthy renal function. So current evidence does not support an association between higher protein intake and kidney disease among healthy adults or those at risk, such as individuals with obesity, hypertension or even diabetes. Moreover, research and athlete has shown that consuming protein intake is high as 3.2 to 4.5 grams per kilogram of body weight per day for up to 1 year does not cause any adverse changes in kidney function and is considered safe. This intake is 4 to 6 times higher than the RDA for protein. And emerging research even suggests that higher protein intake may actually be beneficial for people with chronic kidney disease. Some studies have found that consuming protein at levels above the RDA is associated with reduced mortality risk in this population, challenging the traditional approach of protein restriction. The bottom line, we can finally put to rest the myth that high protein diets harm healthy kidneys. It's time to tackle another important aspect of protein intake and that's how often and when we should consume it. We'll tackle two key points first, how we consume our daily protein intake, whether we should spread it evenly across three to four meals or load it up into one or two meals. Second and related does protein have to be consumed within a critical anabolic window or timed with our workouts. In short, the answer to both of these is that factors are less important overall than you might expect. Emerging evidence reveals that the body can effectively utilize even very large protein doses. This challenges the notion that protein must be meticulously spread over multiple meals to maximize muscle protein synthesis. Even though an even daily protein distribution is ideal, this doesn't mean that consuming the same total amount of protein in fewer high protein meals is ineffective. Protein distribution is important but not vital. When you eat a larger dose of protein, it takes longer to digest but your body will eventually use it. This is contrary to what some people think happens when you consume more than 20 to 25 grams of protein in a single meal. They think that the excess protein will just be excreted by the body and otherwise wasted. In fact, a study by Dr. Luke Van Loone and colleagues found that consuming 100 grams of protein after exercise led to a more robust and prolonged anabolic response than did 25 grams of protein but had negligible effects on amino acid oxidation. The conclusion from this study was, quote, the magnitude and duration of the anabolic response to protein has no upper limit in humans and has been severely underestimated and, quote, this dispels a few myths about how the body can use only 20 to 25 grams of protein at once. As a practical takeaway, a more evenly distributed pattern of protein intake throughout the day is probably what we should be striving for. But evidence like this highlights why more and more experts seem to be aligning on the simple fact that the vast majority of us, athletes or not, should be thinking about protein intake from the standpoint of total daily intake with less overall focus on factors like timing or the per meal intake. Another question that people have regarding protein timing is whether protein needs to be consumed immediately after exercise to enhance the effects of training. This idea is known as the anabolic window. The anabolic window is a period after exercise, typically lasting from 30 minutes to 2 hours, during which the body is primed to absorb and utilize nutrients, particularly protein and carbohydrates for muscle repair and growth. It occurs because the body's ability to synthesize protein and replenish glycogen stores is heightened, aided by exercise induced hormonal changes like increased insulin levels. Consuming 20 to 40 grams of high-quality protein, often paired with carbohydrates, can enhance muscle recovery and growth during the anabolic window. Or so it was once thought. Recent scientific evidence reveals that muscle protein synthesis remains significantly elevated for a full 24 hours following exercise effectively debunking the notion of a very narrow anabolic window lasting only a few hours. Furthermore, supplementing with protein before exercise has the same effects on body composition and strength, compared to supplementing with protein immediately after exercise. In other words, there are no meaningful differences between pre and post exercise protein ingestion. This means that you're free to choose when you want to consume protein in relation to exercise, so long as your total daily intake of protein is adequately high to support optimal muscle protein synthesis. Of course, there is definitely no downside to consuming protein immediately after work out, especially for people interested in achieving marginal gains in strength or muscle mass. To wrap up our discussion on protein timing and distribution, I want to bring up one more strategy to help with muscle building that relates to protein distribution and timing. Pre-sleep protein. There's two ways to look at this. One way is through the lens of time-restricted eating and the other is through the lens of actively optimizing for muscle protein synthesis on training days. It's been shown in studies by Dr. Luke Van Looney and colleagues that protein consumed before bed is digested and absorbed overnight. It also increases overnight muscle protein synthesis rates and improves net protein balance in people who had performed resistance training earlier in the day to enhance muscle recovery. The benefits of pre-sleep protein have also been shown during chronic resistance exercise training. Consuming about 30 grams of protein before bed every night while resistance training appears to increase muscle mass and muscle strength. Another thing about pre-sleep protein is that it does not seem to reduce appetite or diminish the muscle protein synthesis response at breakfast the next morning, which may have been a concern for some people. Overall, I think pre-sleep protein is just one way to increase total daily protein intake. If you don't like going to bed hungry, having a low calorie protein shake on training days may have the benefit of potentially enhancing your muscle gain on those training days. But don't use this as an excuse to go wild. We should still be mindful about the fall and insulin sensitivity that happens as we get close to our habitual bed time. And this is particularly true if you're not actively training. So let's summarize some key points about protein timing and distribution. First, while it's not necessary to consume protein immediately after a workout, there's no harm in doing so. For those who exercise fasted, having a protein rich meal right after may be beneficial. Ultimately, total daily protein intake is the most crucial factor. Second, evenly distributing protein across meals is ideal. But your body can use even large protein meals. And finally, consuming protein before bed isn't essential, but it can be a helpful strategy to boost total daily intake or support muscle recovery, especially in those who are actively training. All this talk about protein lacks context, unless we discuss the best sources of protein, particularly when it comes to stimulating muscle protein synthesis. Is animal protein better than plant protein? What about way protein compared to casing protein? A high quality protein can be efficiently digested and utilized to maximize muscle protein synthesis. Several factors influence a protein's digestibility, including whether it's a whole food source, an animal based or plant based protein source. The presence of other nutrients like fiber, which are mainly present in plant foods, and the amino acid composition of the protein. When it comes to the amino acid composition, losing is a particular importance for protein quality. The main metabolic component of protein is the branch chain amino acid, loosing, which is a potent stimulator of muscle protein synthesis. Loosing stimulates muscle protein synthesis by activating the M-tore pathway, which is our body's central regulator of cell growth and metabolism. In fact, loosing appears to be more critical than the total protein content of food or supplement and determining the muscle protein anabolic response. This concept is referred to as the loosing threshold or the loosing trigger hypothesis, which suggests that a specific amount of loosing must be consumed to activate muscle protein synthesis. Essentially, loosing acts as a switch kickstarting the muscle protein building process. About 0.25 grams of protein per kilogram body weight in a single meal provides a saturating dose of loosing and amino acids to stimulate muscle protein synthesis for up to six hours. That's about two to three grams of loosing, which can be obtained by consuming 20 grams of a high-quality protein like weight protein. Even though loosing might be the most important amino acid for stimulating muscle protein synthesis, all of the amino acids are required to allow the process of muscle protein synthesis to sustain for four to six hours. Loosing is the signal, but we also need to have all of the building blocks to build and repair muscle protein. Exercise lowers that loosing threshold because it makes muscle more sensitive to amino acids. This means a lower dose of loosing and therefore a lower dose of protein is needed to reach the loosing threshold and stimulate muscle protein synthesis after exercise. Aging does reduce the sensitivity of loosing and other amino acids, it takes a larger dose of protein or loosing to stimulate the same muscle protein synthesis response for someone who was older compared to a younger adult. But again, older adult who routinely exercise can help overcome this since exercise increases sensitivity to loosing. If you're consuming a variety of plant-based and animal-based foods, horses, and or supplementing with way protein, you probably don't have to worry about consuming enough loosing at each meal or throughout the day. Focusing on whole foods is the best way to ensure you're getting enough loosing, but of course, if you're concerned adding way protein or branch chain amino acid supplement to your diet is another way to get additional loosing. Now let's talk about the difference between protein from animal and plant-based horses. Animal versus plant protein. Whether your loyalties are towards a plant-based diet or a meat-inclusive diet from a standpoint of just focusing on optimizing for muscle protein synthesis, an animal-sourced protein is better. It is also easier for most people to obtain protein from an animal-based food source for a few reason. For one, animal-protein sources have a greater protein density. Plant-based foods contain less protein per gram than most animal-based foods. For example, getting 20 grams of protein from potatoes means you need to consume more than a kilogram of potatoes, but just 70 grams of meat like chicken or beef contain 20 grams of protein. Second, plant-based foods have a lower digestibility than animal-based foods largely due to the presence of a food matrix consisting of fiber. Fiber can slightly reduce the body's ability to extract and utilize protein-found implants. It also slows the digestion process. Sprouting and fermenting can overcome some of this and improve the digestibility and absorption of plant protein. Third, plant proteins are often deficient in one or more of the essential amino acids, for example, licing, methionine, and most importantly, lucine. Remember, that essential amino acids are needed to be consumed in the diet to build complete proteins in the body. A lower essential amino acid content means that most plant proteins are incomplete proteins and stimulate a lower antabolic response compared to animal-based protein. If you're eating plant-based, you do have options. Protein needs can be met on plant-based diets by supplementing with plant-based protein isolates and concentrates by consuming a larger quantity of protein each day to compensate for a lower protein quality and also by diversifying the intake of a variety of plant-based sources of protein. So creating complementary proteins that have the right amino acid profile. Despite the lower anabolic potential of plant-based protein sources, studies generally support the idea that as long as the total daily protein intake is high enough, a vegetarian or a vegan diet can support daily muscle protein synthesis in gains in muscle size and strength as much as a diet containing animal-based protein. But because plant-protein is lower in quality, you'll have to consume more food overall to reach your daily protein intake. But whole foods aren't the only source of protein. Many people choose to obtain their protein through protein supplements or protein powder, and there's a good reason to think that this is a fairly sensible practice. Way protein is one of the most popular protein supplements in part because it's an extremely high-quality protein source. Way is a rich source of the essential amino acids, cysteine, and the branch-chino-mino acids, looseine, isolucine, and valine. Way also contains several bioactive peptides. The looseing content of way is what makes it stand out. The looseing content in way is 50-75% higher than other protein sources. Compared to the other component of milk protein like casin, way protein is more rapidly digested and stimulates muscle protein synthesis, more effectively at rest, and after exercise making it a go-to protein source for many athletes. The slower digestion of casin compared to way isn't necessarily a downside because this means casin provides a prolonged release of amino acids that can be helpful for sustaining the muscle protein synthesis response for a longer period of time. Way in casin protein are both much higher-quality protein sources than collagen, which has a lower-quality amino acid profile. It's rich in glycine and proline, but lacks essential amino acids like looseine. Furthermore, collagen does not significantly enhance a muscle protein synthesis or muscle-connective protein synthesis at rest or after exercise, making it a sub-optimal protein choice for those engaged in resistance training and wanting to improve skeletal muscle protein synthesis. It should be clear from our discussion thus far that dietary protein, especially when optimized to suit your individual goals and needs, has an array of health benefits for nearly everyone. It's performance enhancing, anti-aging from this standpoint of frailty prevention, and can help you lose weight. However, this might come as a surprise to many, but there is a school of thought within the aging community that too much dietary protein increases cancer risk and contributes to accelerated aging. Yet today, many athletes consume a high-protein diet, and the fact of the matter is being in athlete, even a recreational one, is one of the best things we can do to age well. This is both intuitively and scientifically obvious. How do we reconcile these facts? Let's get into it. Some researchers argue that a high-protein intake, especially for meat, accelerates aging, and even raises the risk of cancer and early death. This idea stems largely from laboratory studies showing that restricting protein intake extends lifespan and animals, and observational data linking high-animal protein diets to a higher mortality rate. Supporting this idea, one study found that middle-aged adults consuming high-protein diets, where 20% of their calories came from protein, where 75% more likely to die from any cause, and four times more likely to die from cancer. This is a pretty shocking statistic, an animal evidence corroborates some of this at the mechanistic level. However, there is more to this story. In another major study, middle-aged adults consuming high-protein diets did show increased mortality rates, but only if they had other unhealthy lifestyle factors like obesity, smoking, heavy drinking, or being sedentary. Among healthy people, this association disappeared, so does a high-animal protein diet really pose a health risk, or is it more about what unhealthy lifestyle factors exist in someone's life? This is where it gets interesting. Protein, particularly from animal sources, spikes levels of a hormone called IGF1, which can help build muscle support brain health, it enhances muscle repair, but high IGF1 levels also come with potential downsides, like promoting the survival of pre-cancerous cells and potentially allowing them to form cancer. Numerous studies have found an association between elevated IGF1 levels and an increased risk of various cancers. So, should we cut protein drastically to lower IGF1 levels? Not necessarily. Lowering IGF1 too much can come with its own set of risks. For example, calorie restriction, which significantly drops IGF1, has been linked to brain matter loss and non-human primates. This raises questions about whether low IGF1 might have trade-offs in terms of brain health. So, is it better to significantly cut protein intake and avoid these risks? Or is there a balance to be struck that gives us the best of both worlds? Muscle strengths, muscle repair, cognitive health, and protection against cancer. A recent meta analysis by Dr. Walter Longo and colleagues highlighted this idea showing a U-shaped relationship between IGF1 levels and mortality. Both very high and very low IGF1 were linked to higher death rates. What was the optimal range? It was actually around 120 to 160 nanograms per milliliter. And to reach this IGF1 sweet spot, researchers estimated a daily protein intake of around 50 to 80 grams, which is not very much protein. Not to mention this study did not specifically look at healthy, physically active people. And that's a critical piece to the puzzle because a strong response to exercise requires IGF1. So, it raises a philosophical question. Are these recommendations aimed at healthy, physically active individuals? Or are they tailored to people maintaining a largely sedentary lifestyle? Physical activity fundamentally changes how IGF1 behaves in the body. Exercise lowers IGF1, the bloodstream, redirecting it to where it can be beneficial like the muscle and notably the brain. Here's why that's important. When you exercise, whether it's cardiovascular exercise or strength training or high intensity interval training, it stimulates muscle fibers and increases IGF1 receptor density in the muscle cells. This makes muscle tissue more sensitive to IGF1 potentially enhancing its uptake. While this precise mechanism is still being explored in research, what's clear is that exercise increases the ability of IGF1 to cross the blood-brain barrier. Once in the brain, IGF1 plays a crucial role in promoting neurogenesis. That's the growth of new brain cells, especially in regions of the brain, like the hippocampus, which is important for learning and memory. Exercise doesn't stop there. Exercise particularly intensive exercise also raises levels of proteins that bind to IGF1 and reduce its bioavailability to damage cells that could potentially form cancer cells. Exercise alone causes more amino acids to be taken up into skeletal muscle, which also has the effect of reducing circulating IGF1. In fact, when protein is consumed after exercise, IGF1 levels do not increase in the ensuing 24 hours, like they do when protein is eaten without exercising beforehand. So by channeling how IGF1 is used and making it less available to potentially stimulate cancer cells, exercise acts as a protective shield. Regular physical activity has long been shown to strongly reduce the risk of many types of cancer, and this may just be one crucial mechanism that accounts for that fact. For the more exercise enhances the immune systems ability to find and destroy cancer cells, a lower chronic inflammation, which is a known risk factor for cancer, and it improves insulin sensitivity, which can further influence IGF1 levels. So in short, higher IGF1 levels are inherently dangerous. It's the context that matters. Exercise and a healthy lifestyle change the story entirely, showing us that IGF1 can be a powerful ally for health, strength and also longevity when guided by an active balance lifestyle. This brings us to another important question. If protein truly is inherently pro-aging, wouldn't we expect a population with a higher protein intake, athletes, for example, to experience reduced life expectancy, but this doesn't appear to be the case and in fact, the opposite is true. Athletes who we can reasonably expect generally consume higher protein amounts, and are known to have elevated IGF1 levels consistently show longer life spans and a better health metric. On average, they live two to eight years longer than the general population. They also die less of cancer and cardiovascular diseases. Let's circle back to the amino acid loosteen, whether we're talking about optimizing muscle protein synthesis or controversies in the aging fields surrounding IGF1 and M2. Loosein is at the heart of it. Loosein is the critical signal driving robust activation of M2. Animal protein has a lot of loosteen, and whether you consider that a good thing or not actually depends on your views of IGF1 and M2. M2 are placed key roles in skeletal muscle growth by driving muscle protein synthesis and recovery. But this brings us to another area where M2 or pathway has also sparked controversy. It's potential connection to atherosclerosis. A study from early 2024 suggested that a high protein intake could accelerate the development of atherosclerosis, which is the hardening and stiffening of arteries. The study suggested that loosein, which activates M2 or muscle tissue to drive muscle growth, might also activate M2 in the vascular system, promoting plaque builds up through immune cell activation. The important thing to remember is that exercise causes loosein to be taken up by muscle where it activates M2 in muscle to build and repair muscle, rather than spending time in the bloodstream triggering M2 in the vascular system. This is yet another example of how being physically active versus sedentary changes the entire equation. It's a different game for people who exercise regularly. Okay, so I hope it's clear by now that the evidence suggesting high protein diets are harmful to health is not particularly strong. When it comes to some observational data, suggesting a potential link between high protein intake and risk like cancer, this risk primarily applies to sedentary individuals with other unhealthy lifestyle factors like obesity. For physically active people, it's a different story. Exercise ensures that protein and loosein are directed toward muscle growth and repair, keeping M2 activation where it's beneficial in the muscles rather than in peripheral tissues. This explains why athletes, despite consuming more protein, enjoy better health and longer life spans than the general population. The bottom line is that for active individuals, higher protein intake supports performance, longevity, and health. All right, everyone, that just about does it for our discussion on the science of protein to wrap up. I want to provide eight of the most important takeaways. Number one, for most adults, a protein intake in the range of 1.2 to 1.6 grams per kilogram of body weight per day should be consumed to support overall health. All the adults, athletes and people who want to lose weight while sustaining lean body mass, should consume 1.6 grams per kilogram per day or more. Protein needs should be calculated based on lean body mass or an adjusted body weight that reflects a healthy body fat percentage. This is typically around 12 to 15 percent for men and 20 percent for women. This means that if you're not at your ideal weight, you should determine your protein requirements using the target weight you're aiming to achieve. Number two, when it comes to protein timing, the so-called anabolic window after exercise isn't as narrow as once believed. Consuming protein either before or after a workout is effective, but also just focusing on total daily protein intake is what is most important for optimizing resistance training gains. Number three, it is ideal to try and distribute your protein intake evenly across the day. Aim for around three to four, protein rich meals each containing around 20 to 25 grams of high quality protein to stimulate muscle protein synthesis. For older adults, increasing each meal's protein content to 20 to 30 grams may be advantageous due to their higher protein needs and anabolic resistance. But remember that total daily protein intake is much more important than how protein is distributed throughout the day. Number four, consuming protein before bed, a practice known as pre-sleep protein intake. This can be particularly beneficial for older adults and athletes. This strategy enhances overnight muscle protein synthesis in aids and muscle recovery. It contributes to better muscle health and performance. Number five, for those considering protein supplementation, high quality sources like weigh and casing proteins are excellent options. weigh protein is rapidly digested and effective at stimulating muscle protein synthesis, making it a great choice, post-exercise or even before bed to provide additional boost of amino acids. Casting protein digest more slowly providing a prolonged release of amino acids. Even if you're meeting your protein needs through diet alone, supplementation can offer targeted benefits such as supporting recovery during sleep or after a very intense exercise. Number six, animal proteins are generally superior to plant proteins for maximizing muscle protein synthesis, due to their higher protein density, better digestibility and complete essential amino acid profiles, particularly their loose-eating content. However, vegetarians and vegans can still meet their protein needs by consuming larger quantities of plant-based proteins, diversifying their protein sources, and incorporating plant-based protein isolates and concentrates to ensure they get all their essential amino acids. Number seven, concerns about high protein intake harming healthy kidneys are largely unfounded for individuals without pre-existing kidney issues. And finally, number eight, despite some schools of thought in the longevity field that higher protein intakes may reduce longevity or promote cancer growth, the available evidence in humans just isn't convincing enough. Exercise positively influences how the body uses amino acids and growth factors like IGF1 and protein-sike M2 are directing them towards the muscle and brain health where they're most beneficial. That brings us to the end of this special episode on all things protein. I sincerely hope that you learn to few new things and have a greater understanding of the incredibly important role that protein plays in promoting physical health.