Over the last couple of years, I've been working really hard with my team to create a unique experience for supporters of the Found My Fitness website and podcast. We call this experience the found my fitness premium membership. It's really just gotten better and better. Members can now join me for live, question and answer sessions each month. They get access to a weekly private podcast we release called the Aliquat. They get access to a bi-monthly science digest where we summarize some of the most interesting science, health and nutrition news. They also get a free t-shirt. To be honest, the found my fitness membership is so compelling now that the only thing left to do is let more people try it out, which is why we created a 30 day free trial of the found my fitness membership. With this trial, you'll get access to our member dashboard and samples of each benefit, including an invitation to one of my live Q&A's. The member dashboard makes it easy to find and utilize all the benefits you'll get with your trial. Here's this sneak peek at what it looks like. Right when you log into the dashboard, you can quickly reference my next upcoming Q&A. You can sign up right away and submit your questions easily. As you scroll down, you'll find instructions on how to listen to our members only podcast the Aliquat. You can easily subscribe by clicking the link to your favorite podcast player or simply enter your phone number to be texted the link. You can also listen to the Aliquat right from your dashboard. On the Aliquat tab, you'll find every episode of the podcast and new episodes will be uploaded weekly. On the member library tab, you'll have access to our previously posted guides, science digest, presentation slides and background notes. Here you can find private articles covering longevity, aging, cancer, sauna, fasting and more. When you scroll down the member library tab, you'll see the complete archive of our science digest emails. Each email is a curated list of the latest studies we found most interesting with notes, comments and related links. As you continue scrolling, you can find our research presentation slides. You can use the presentation slides to quickly skim and digest all of the graphics, facts and figures found in each full interview video. On them, you'll find thoroughly researched illustrations and visual material for each episode of our expert interview series. You'll find our episode background facts sheets with my raw interview notes. On the members Q&A tab, you'll have another opportunity to sign up for my next Q&A as well as the full list of previous Q&A's I've hosted. Finally, in the Get A T-shirt tab, found my fitness premium members can order their free FMF T-shirt. They can pick their favorite design, size and enter their shipping details here. Sign up now to try your free 30-day trial and get instant access to all the found my fitness membership benefits, including an invitation to the next live Q&A with me.