The first thing to know about C-Vat is it is shockingly common. One out of three people in the US has some sort of sleep complete or problem. Untreated sleep app, and you can lead to liver problems, kidney problems, brain problems, because every cell that relies on oxygen starts getting stressed. So I was wondering if you had any tips on some more advanced type of sleep IDA. The enemy of sleep is effort. Sleep is something that happens to you when the situation allows for this. Let's talk about couple supplements. The top of my and top of my people think about one of the things about sleep that they think about. Melatonin. Some people, when they take melatonin, they might be taking the wrong dose at the wrong time. Best evidence-based way to fall asleep and stay asleep. I'll give you two, because one is cheating, which is the... I'm pretty excited to be sitting here with Dr. Michael Granner, who is one of the, I would say, the foremost experts in sleep science, behavioral medicine, and he directs the sleep and health research program at the University of Arizona. His research focus is on, I couldn't even tell you everything. It focuses on all things sleep, but, you know, even, I think you're probably, some of your research is some of the first to really kind of throughout this idea as using sleep as a performance enhancer, both athletic performance, cognitive performance. So I'm super excited to get into that today as well as a lot of other topics on sleep. So thank you for coming to this show, Michael. Yeah, no, thanks for having me. As we were talking about earlier, I kind of wanted to start this episode talking about sleep problems. You know, you've got a lot of patients that come into your clinic with sleep problems. In so many of being probably one of the most prevalent ones. Yes. When someone comes into your clinic and says, I haven't saw me yet. What sort of data points or clinical features do you kind of look at to distinguish whether or not this person actually has insomnia versus all the other things that could just be causing porcelain? Right, that's a great question. The way I think about it is that there's really two kinds of insomnia. I call it sort of insomnia with a lower case eye and insomnia with a capital eye. Think of it, it's kind of like depression too, where it's a word. It's a word that we use to mean a lot of different things, but in a clinical context, it means something specific. So a lot of people will say, I have trouble sleeping and I have insomnia, but is this an insomnia disorder? Is that how we would call it an insomnia disorder? And the way to tell the difference is how they're presenting. So an insomnia disorder is defined as a persistent, difficult, initiating or maintaining sleep or waking up to world. So it can happen anywhere in the night. The difficulty has to be there. It has to occur at least three nights per week. It has to have gone on for at least three months to be considered a chronic insomnia. It has to cause some sort of daytime functioning problem. Could be almost anything, but it's gotta cause problems. You have to give yourself adequate opportunity to sleep, so just sleep depriving yourself as intentsomnia. And when you think about what that means in terms of difficulty falling asleep, there's no hard and fast rule, but a good rule of thumb we use is about 30 minutes. So if it's taking you at least 30 minutes to fall asleep, or you're awake for at least 30 minutes during the night trying to sleep and you can't, that's a good sign that maybe what you have is an insomnia disorder. We're a lot of people will have occasional sleep difficulty sometimes, but that's really the difference where it's crosses the line to where it's really interfering with your function. And how do you just determine, what is the underlying cause of someone's insomnia? I would imagine hyperarous nervous system being one of them, but there's probably others. Yeah, so there's actually something really interesting about chronic insomnia versus acute insomnia. So acute insomnia, there are an almost unlimited number of things that can cause acute insomnia. For a very good reason, I mean, evolution figured out a long time ago that when we're under periods of stress and our survival is question and it's bedtime, we kind of should just keep going until we're safe, right? And we have all these systems in place to protect ourselves. So under any kind of period of hyperarousal or stress or anything, whether it's mental, physical, or both, we have systems in place that can prolong wakefulness relatively safely, especially in the short term. And so there are a million causes of short-term insomnia, but there's only really one cause of chronic insomnia, and that's, there's a switch that flips from short-term insomnia to chronic insomnia, and that switches all around the concept of a conditioned arousal. That's why when someone comes into the insomnia clinic, often the thing that caused their acute insomnia is actually no longer relevant. It's sort of like a ball is rolling, right? And if the ball's rolling down a hill, and with the ball was pushed, shoved, kicked, leaned on heavily, whatever caused the ball to start moving is important, because you want to prevent that in the future. But if you want to stop the ball from rolling, knowing what that is and doing anything about that is largely irrelevant, the problem you're dealing with now is gravity and momentum. And that's what happens with chronic insomnia. It takes on a life of its own because of this concept of conditioned arousal. Can you give an example of that? So let's say someone has work-related stress or something. And maybe it's a project-related or maybe there's emotional-related stress from a relationship. And it does eventually get better, and yet there's still kind of having problems while asleep now, why would be the conditioned stimulus? So this is what happens. Something causes you to lose sleep. And what ends up happening is you exert effort to get that sleep back. Now, when you lose your keys, what do you do? You go looking for it. Where do you look for it? The last place you had it. And if you're losing sleep, where are you looking for it? You're looking for it in bed. But what's happening is you have this activation going on. You have this cortical or cognitive or physiologic or any combination of these arousal systems engaged. And when those are engaged, it is just physically harder to fall asleep. So even if you are tired, even if your natural sleep wake-drive is working just fine, you have this counterweight sort of keeping your mind and body sort of activated. So what ends up happening is the act of trying to fall asleep, whether it's the beginning of the night or whatever, becomes predictably stressful. The brain's a pattern recognition machine. You feed it the pattern of sleep is difficult. Sleep is stressful. Sleep is hard to obtain. Sleep is a battle. You feed it that over and over and over again. Even when you are exhausted and tired and sleepy, just getting into that mode will then wake you up. When sleep becomes predictably stressful, think of something else in your life that's predictably stressful. So common analogy I like to use is a key. Go to the dentist's office. I have a friend who's a dentist who hates that I use this analogy. But people know what I'm talking about. Whatever that metaphorical dentist's office is for you. You go, you're there. Nothing has happened yet. You're already in this heightened state of arousal. You're responding to a stimulus that has it even occurred because you're predicting that it's going to occur. You're in the waiting room. You're already kind of a little antsy. You're delaying making the phone call to make the appointment three months in the future because you're already responding to that future stimulus that's causing you stress. Like being in a place that's predictably stressful, you anticipate it. You can predict it. And by predicting that stress, it creates arousal and activation. The difference is, when you're in the dentist's office, no matter how activated or stressed you are, as long as you open your mouth, they can do their job. Right? But in bed, it doesn't work that way. If you get into bed and you are dead tired, you are exhausted, you are sleepy, you are ready. And you get into bed and all of a sudden your body's like, oh, here we go again, where is this going to be a problem? Or whatever that automatic process starts happening, that predictable process happens. It builds activation. That activation makes it just a little bit harder to fall asleep. You eventually fall asleep, baby. But the connection between activation and sleep is not weakened but strengthened. And so you're a little stressed. You get into bed, have trouble falling asleep, eventually fall asleep. Getting into bed is predictably tied with stress and by adding stress to it, you strengthen the prediction and it becomes a self-perpetuating cycle. So whatever the initial cause of the stress was, it's the stress about not sleeping itself that creates the very activation that makes it harder to fall asleep, which strengthens the connection with stress, which makes it harder to fall asleep and it becomes a cycle. That's why the best treatments for insomnia are in about sedating you. They're about reprogramming that's whole cycle. Wow, you've just explained it's so many had to me in a way that no one ever has. And it's just clicked and I'm like, this is, that's what happens. What happens, right? And so now I completely understand this concept of stimulus control. So let's talk about CBTI, cognitive behavioral therapy, and so many out. And obviously there's lots of components to it, one of them being the stimulus control, which now is making so much more sense to me. But let's talk about what that is, why it does work so well for people. And also back to this whole training, this negative association, this negative stimulus, where you're just the act of getting into bed is making you hyper arous, is giving you anxiety. Is that also true, then let's say you do eventually fall asleep and you wake up, whatever you got to repeat, whatever it is, it wakes you up, you're hot. And then all of a sudden you're still not bed. And it's like, again, that negative association, right? And so it's like every time you wake up. And that's why some people, they fall asleep just fine because something for people to understand is that sleep awake is not a unidimensional line, where you're asleep, sleep on one end, and awake on the other end. There's actually two separate dimensions. There's, think of it like, there's trouble in there's base. And it's not just mono. There's trouble in there's base. They have a wakefulness signal, and you have a sleep signal that are separate from each other. They're related, but they do function somewhat independently. And so, said it is boost that sleepiness signal. A lot of times within somebody what happens because of the excess activation or arousal, your sleep signal could be just fine. It's your wake signal that might be too high. And so when someone is taking, say, a set of medication, what you're doing is you're just, you're trying to drive up that sleepiness signal. So high, it's just steam rolling over whatever activation you have. And often that may work. And the reason it can work long term sometimes is if you steam roll it over enough, you can maybe break that learning. So it's not, so it isn't just the sedation, but for a lot of people, it's not sedation, that's the problem. The problem is in the activation. And when you're doing therapy for insomnia, it's often not about, so patient will come in thinking, like, how do you make me sleepier? Actually, we've got some tools for that. We'll talk about that. But often the magic isn't about making you sleepy. It's about making you less awake. And it's a different process. And that's also why it doesn't work 100% of the time. Nothing does. But that's why CBTI is so effective, because it's actually targeting the problem that the person actually has. Okay, let's talk about it. Let's see. So here's the deal. Oh, a few several decades ago now. So stimulus control was first published in 1972. This isn't new stuff. And it was under this idea. The idea of stimulus control is, if you're in a place where only a very limited number of things could possibly occur there, you will predict that they will occur and you'll get yourself in the zone. So we talked about the dentist chair, but a great positive example is going to the gym, right? Like if you're going to the training room or wherever, you don't do anything else there. So even if you're kind of tired or if you're in a bad mood or whatever, once you start that process, you can usually finish the workout at the end. And then you go back to your life. But when you're there, you can get in the zone. And because being there creates the conditions that are predictably tied with doing what you're going to do. And so when you're in a place where there's a limited number of options, those options become predictable. On the other side of stimulus control is if you're in a place where all kinds of options exist, none of them become predictable. So a great example of this, I found this is especially over the pandemic and the people are working from home more, is the dining room table started also becoming where people work. And it wasn't just a place where you eat. So it used to be you sit down at the dining room table because all you do is eat there, you'd start getting hungry. But if that's also where you work and it's also where you watch TV and it's also where you're socializing, you sit down, you're thinking about work and you want to put the TV on and you may not may or may not be hungry. So like it dilutes the ability of the place to have a response if you start increasing the number of things that occur there. And so the way this is applied to sleep is that if in bed, if being in bed is predictably tied to sleep, you can program that association, but if being in bed isn't predictably tied to sleep, you don't know what to predict. So I got a, so here's an example. If I say bed sleep, bed sleep, bed sleep, bed sleep, bed sleep, I say bed, you say sleep. Correct. If I say bed sleep, bed wake, bed think, bed wake, bed sleep, bed wake, bed sleep, bed think, bed surf. Maybe, scroll. You have no idea. Right. You have no idea what's coming next. You can't predict the pattern. Human brains love patterns. And if you can't control the sleep side of the equation yet, at least to control the bed side of the equation, stimulus control therapy, which is one of the core components of CBTI, was built around that. And since that time, CBTI has emerged as sort of this multi-component toolbox. Demous control is one of the core components, but there's all these tools that we have that are essentially, it says therapy. It's a lot less like psychotherapy. It's a lot more like physical therapy, where we're teaching your body to do a thing if physically can do, it just does it know how anymore, or if forgot, or you need to build it back up again. So you have everything is there inside of you. We want to picture comes in and says, I'm having trouble sleeping. It's like saying, I'm having trouble breathing. When someone says I'm having trouble breathing, it's not just because like they suck at breathing, and it's just a skill they never mastered. Like you were breathing when you were born. No one had to teach you. It's a part of how your body works. The trick is why aren't you able to do this thing you were built to be able to do? What's in the way? What's preventing your body from working the way it's post-do? And in some, your treatment is often like that. It's like, you can probably sleep just fine. You are built with this ability. There's a chance maybe there's something else, but most of the time you have everything in you you need to sleep fine. Something is in the way. Let's get that out of your own way. And I clear that path. So, do you, I was gonna ask you a question about what you think the most important mechanism behind why CBTI works. And it's through the conditioned arousal. It's teaching people that, that, a, they can gain more control over their ability to sleep than they thought. But also paradoxically, it also teaches people how and when to surrender some control. So, like, let's say you have a stomach bug and you have no appetite for a day, right? You're eating like toast and drinking tea or whatever. I just, if you eat anything that would be bad, you don't think what if I starve to death? That's not what you have. You don't think, I have this stomach bug, what if I get a nice and deficiency and have permanent damage because no, you don't. What you think is, I don't have appetite for a couple days, but in a couple days it'll come back and I'll be fine. And when people deal with temporary sleep loss that same way, it's a similar system. The system can correct itself if you let it. But what ends up happening is when we start stressing about it, it starts creating these problems. And a lot of times it's us getting in our own way. All right. Let's say you had someone that has to work on their stimulus control. Yeah. There's someone that likes to get in bed, they have trouble falling asleep, so they pull out their phone, they're scrolling, they're looking at social media, whatever. And maybe they're rumminating. Yeah. What would be your approach that? What would be like your two week fix? Great. So first of all, in addition to stimulus control and in terms of the other tools with NCBTI, a lot of them focus on this idea that you want to drive your natural sleep drive, put that sleep drive in bed. And when you're not, when bed is not really going to be used for sleep, you get up. And so if you're going to be on your phone, the first thing I would say is try and separate the phone from the bed. Have the bed be the place where sleep is occurring, not where sleep is predictably not occurring, because it's not occurring when you're on your phone. See if you can do that. If, for some reason, you have to be in bed when you're on your phone. I would say the thing to do is you still want to create that separation. The best way to do that is maybe stand next to your bed, because I say stand, it's silly and very rarely do people actually do it, but people sometimes do, and I do this, because if you're standing, if being in that proximity is important for your ability to sort of wind down whatever, but at least, A or not in bed, but B, the standing does something very important. And especially people in the athletic space will know this that you don't lose touch with your body's communication to you. When you're standing, there will eventually come a point where you say, but I really want to sit down now. That's your body telling you that you're ready. Or you may be standing thinking, like, what am I standing here like an idiot for? I've been here for a half an hour. What am I doing? That's your other signal that you're not ready. Sleep is not something that you do. Sleep is something that happens to you when the situation allows for this. That's a concept I bargained for a colleague of mine, Lindsay Shaw, who's also a fantastic sleep person and sports like a physiologist. I learned this from her. I used it all the time. It captures it really well. Sometimes sleep is not under your ability to sleep as it's under your control. You're awake. You need to wind down. Maybe you're just not ready. And if you're just not ready, laying there in bed scrolling is going to help. Go do that somewhere else. If you are getting ready, respond to those body signals. If you can't stand next to your bed, if that's a little too silly for you, sit and sit up on your bed. Don't not like just a little propped up. Your head's not on a pillow. You're not under a blanket. Sit up. Again, you're not going to lose touch of your body's signals. And where's case scenario? At least you get the head bob. The head bob is your friend. The head bob means your body telling you you're ready. There's also like if you're watching TV or on the couch or whatever. And you're within that zone where you might be wanting to go to bed, lean forward. When you're watching TV or you're moving or whatever. We're scrolling. Because you'll get the head bob. You won't get it when you're leaning back. You get it leaning forward. That's your signal that you're ready. And what happens if someone wakes up in the middle of the night and then they're reminating? Yeah. Can't fall asleep. So again, sleep is not something you do. It's something that happens when the situation allows for it. And if the situation is not allowing for sleep in that moment, get up. If you're sitting there in your eating and you have no appetite, you don't just sit there and stare at your food till you become hungry and it becomes more appetizing. It actually backfires. So often when people wake up in the middle of the night, it's because it's because something naturally occurred to produce that awakening, whether most commonly would probably be some sort of physical discomfort like pain or maybe you sunk into your mattress a little bit and it's just a little discomforting and you need to wake up and move. Sometimes it's untreated sleep apnea. Super common. You have a respiratory event that you don't know you had. If you ever wake up suddenly for no reason and you don't know why and can't get back to sleep, we'll talk a little bit later about sleep apnea, but that can cause these awakenings. And when you have something that causes us awakening that arose from inside you, wasn't under your control. And what is appalling is that physical activation escalates. And just like a snow globe, you shake up the snow globe, it takes a little bit of time for it to come back down. And when your snow globe got shaken up while you were asleep and you're awake, you can't make it fall back down faster. There's nothing you can do. You can poke at it, make it go slower, but you can't make it go faster. You just have to wait till everything settles back down. And it often doesn't take as long as people think, but what it's appalling is, as your snow globe is settling, then your stress starts rising again. Slowly rising because like, why can't I sleep? What if I can't fall asleep? What if I'm up the rest of the night? Love, love, love, love, love. And then you start stressing and freaking out about it. So now your body is ready, but your mind isn't anymore. And I gotta wait for that to come down and you just prolong it. The, because you don't have control over this part, surrender that control. Recognize that you're gonna get up, you can get up, take a break, wait till you're ready, try again. Just don't prolong it anymore than as necessary. So sometimes surrendering control actually shortens the awakenings. Sometimes it does it. Sometimes you know what, what if you're up for the entire rest of the night and you just don't go back to sleep? That's often people's fear. But the truth is, A, that's unlikely. And B, even if it does happen, you'll be fine the next day. And guess what happens? If you're halfway through your dinner and you just lose your appetite and you just don't eat the rest of it. What happens the next day? You don't die. You just are a little more hungry. And you'll eat a little more the next day and the system will correct itself. Overcorrecting is the problem. So to kind of just, for my understanding, for the stimulus control, like the most important part of it, like for these individuals that do have this like fear of like not sleeping, or like it starts to, you know, they just immediately get like anxiety about it. The best thing is to surrender or is that like the strongest part of the stimulus control? Yeah, it's the performance anxiety. The fear is what's creating the activation that's getting in your own way. So recognizing that it's not under your control, trying to control it is not going to help. Nobody got to sleep faster by trying harder. The enemy of sleep is effort. If you're engaging in effort, you're adding energy into the system. And athletes, especially are vulnerable to this because athletes are used to gaining control over their body and learning how to control their body in ways that most people just don't know how to because they haven't been trained to. So there's always a solvable problem there. Sometimes, it's like injury recovery. Sometimes you can't make it go faster. Like if you injure yourself, you gotta do what you gotta do to recover. You can't, there's no like, against you can do or book you can read that will make that recovery go faster. You gotta give it the time it needs. Similarly, this is at the process that's outside of your control, trying to control it will actually make it go slower. Okay. And so the next part of CPTI that you hear about is the sleep restriction which sounds awesome. First name, I mean, so if you actually look to the original publication, they didn't, they didn't even call it sleep restriction therapy. They called it restriction of time and bed, which is really what it is. It's a simple concept of, I can't, a lot of these things are simple and concept but difficult than execution, but the concept of sleep restriction therapy, which I hate calling it that because it's not about the restriction and that's the thing. Sleep restriction could be part of it, but it isn't always. The idea is let's say you're spending eight hours in bed but six hours of sleep. We know you physically can sleep six hours. Okay, let me give you six hours time and bed. See if you can fill it. Let's get you to the point where you can fill it and then we'll slowly increase it from there. Actually, sleep restriction therapy has more increasing of sleep than decreasing. But there's a decrease at first. The way I explain to people is this. It's actually not super complicated. Let's say you're trying your vegetables and you've got a kid who's not eaten there broccoli, right? You put 20 pieces of broccoli on their plate and they're not eaten. You can eat one or two and then they're like, oh, I hate broccoli, bubble, but then you say, okay, I need you to learn how to eat your broccoli. Tonight, I'm gonna give you two pieces of broccoli. Can you, I know you can eat that because that's what you've been eating every day. I know you can eat that. So you eat the two pieces of broccoli and then they say, but I'm still hungry. And then you say, great, you will get three tomorrow. Let's see if you can eat those. And they can eat the three pieces. But I'm still hungry. It's like, okay, hold off on don't eat anything else. But the next day, you'll be hungry enough to eat four. And then you slowly, you start with what they can already do. But you don't give the other stuff that will, so you don't let them stay in bed when they're not sleeping. At least give them the opportunity they're already able to fill. At first, all the mental blocks and stuff will be there. So it might drive down their sleep a little bit in the short term for several days, maybe even up to a couple weeks. But they eventually, eventually, they get hungry enough for they can eat all the broccoli on their plate. Because you're not giving them anything else. Then all of a sudden, you start introducing other foods back that they actually like, but they've gotten over their broccoli deal. And that's what it is with sleep. You drive up their natural sleep pressure. You separate out the time and bed that's not awake. You make it so that being in bed, you go from not being able to fall asleep to not being able to stay awake. Because you drive up that natural sleep pressure. And it's like, well, you have problems with your appetite. Fast for a little bit. That'll help a lot of problems with your appetite. You're going to be hungry again. And so this idea of not having your phone in bed. It's part of that. Yeah, it's part of that because you don't want to do anything in bed that is not sleep. You want to make it so that when you get into bed, you put your head on the pillow, your under a blanket, your eyes are closed, your breathing through your nose. That feeling is so predictably tied with becoming unconscious in a very short amount of time, that even when you get good at that. So this is the power of this. When you get good of that, you're using the prediction, not just to solve a problem, but to create a benefit. Imagine you're a little bit stressed. You've got a big day tomorrow. But you've so trained yourself that that place is so predictably tied with sleep that you're stressed. You've got a big day. You've got stuff you're working on. You get into bed, close your eyes, head on pillow, under blanket, start breathing, then all of a sudden you fall asleep. You can train yourself to get the outcome you want. And that gives you control. So let's say you've got to wake up super early one day because you're going somewhere. You've got to practice or something. You need to go to bed an hour so earlier than you really are used to. If you've got yourself well trained, you can use the environment as a condition stimulus for sleep when you want it to be. So how long does it take to, for most people to train themselves like through the stimulus control sleep restriction where the bed is really just for, I've heard sleep and sex. Yeah. So sex is fine. That's usually not the problem. You know, do that in bed out of bed wherever you want. That's fine. Usually that's not taking up so much time. I mean, it's not interfering with your ability to sleep. Sometimes it can help your ability to sleep. But that's fine. But it's probably the phones that are the biggest problem. Right. It's distractions. So distraction, the activation, all of this stuff, it's you're adding energy in instead of taking energy out. Relaxation is fine to do in bed. But if it's brief, you know, if you're spending, you know, a half an hour meditating in bed that might be a little too long. I know people who like they have this whole hour long routine that they do, like by the time that hour is done, the bed is no longer predictably tied to sleep anymore. So yeah, it's about getting this stuff out. It doesn't, I'm not saying don't be on your phone. But I mean, I actually think this, the sleep field, telling everyone get off their phone for an hour for going to bed is not a helpful recommendation because no one's going to follow it. We should be talking about how to do it safely in a way that's not going to get in your way. And that comes down to what you were saying earlier, either being in another room or sitting upper standing. Yeah, and also it's what you're doing that's important. You might want to create sort of boundary. So like maybe within a half an hour of when you're planning on going to bed, maybe switch to something that's not to mentally activating. Like if you're the kind of person where you watch the news and it gets you all worked up in angry, don't do that before going to bed. Maybe do it the hour, you know, in the earlier part of the evening. I mean, the great thing now is TV isn't live anymore. Back when I was a kid, you had to watch it when it was on. And that was it. Now we can watch, we can gain more control over what we're exposing ourselves to, media-wise. The rule of thumb I use. And this is what I used for myself. If an alarm went off right now and said, OK, time to turn it off, could I? If the answer is yes, then it's probably OK to do within that time frame. Because I can easily disconnect from it. If the answer is, do it in about five more minutes. I want to see how it ends or I want to, you know, whatever. That's probably not the thing to watch in that buffer time. Watch it before the buffer time. But don't do that in the buffer time. Like if you're scrolling and you can easily put it down, I don't know that that's that big of a deal. But if you're scrolling and like half an hour will go by and you wouldn't even notice and you lose that time. And then you say you don't have time, but you just threw away some time. You know that you didn't need. So those are the sort of things you want to make sure that you're curate what you're doing so that it's not too activated. Why are a lot of people that have that have in Somnia, why are they prescribed these sedatives, like, you know, ambian or? Well, if they don't not work. I mean, like, I was saying, like what they do is they drive up that sleep drive so much and overpowers whatever's in the way. And it's kind of an easy solution. The thing is, honestly, it's much easier to write a prescription. Like you can go to any primary care anywhere and they can write a prescription. But if you look at every medical organization that has any recommendation around in how to treat insomnia. And for athletes, you know, this includes like NCAA and IOC, who've put out sleep-related materials. They all say, CBTI first. And that's because every study that has ever been done shows that when you compare, when you pool the data from CBTI trials, it works shockingly well. Not only does it work reliably well, it works when you have other, like, well, what about if you're in chronic pain? Like, the pain is keeping you up. How is that you don't have condition or else? You have an active thing going on. It still works in fibromyalgia. Works in chronic pain. Works in cancers. It actually might be better in cancer survivors than people who aren't cancer survivors. So they don't want to take these medications or more motivated. It works in sleep-a-appnea. It works before your sleep-a-appnea is even treated. It helps with your insomnia. Find me a condition. Works in older people, works in younger people, works in, so like, it's a blunt instrument. It's retraining yourself to sleep. It doesn't, and it works well by helping people gain control. It doesn't necessarily add hours to your night, but neither do sleep-a-pills either. What it does is it removes some of those barriers. But again, about 85% of the time, not 100%. But it's also some people don't know how to get access to it. Or they read about it online, and either the information they get isn't great, or they have exposure to it in that, maybe they're doing it by the book, but they might need a little flexibility with it or something. But there's lots of adaptations. I mean, we edited a textbook on how to adapt CBT-IT into different populations. But a lot of people just don't know what exists, and the people who do don't really understand what it is, or how to find someone who knows what they're doing. Is that the key to you? Do you have to find someone that knows what they're doing? Or can you try this yourself? Yes, and yes. I mean, there are many people that I've talked to who've tried it. Don't it with themselves? I mean, because it's not rocket science. There's an arch to it, but the basics of it are relatively simple. It's bed equal sleep. Get out of bed if you're not sleeping. Compress your window of your giving yourself too much opportunity. You're not filling it. Compress your opportunity, but then expand it again once you can fill it. Some basic stuff like that. And some people could just do that on their own, and that's all it takes. Some people they need somebody who knows what they're doing. The problem is, there's not a whole ton of people who are trained in this, despite it's being around for a long time, despite the fact that it's really well supported, there's not a ton of people who are well trained. There are some online versions available where they can automate some aspect of this. It's a very, it'll be very by the book, but for a lot of people that's all it takes, you can do this over telehealth, any state that you're in. I can promise you there's someone who can do this via telehealth in your state. So it used to be a very geographic lyricist. Did it's not anymore? There's a couple of good directories online of if you're looking for somebody. We have a board certification. You can see who's board certified in this. And it exists because it's not part of normal training. So to be able to say that you're good at, you have to prove that you know what you're doing. But yeah, you can look online for people. And again, there's telehealth options too. So whatever state you're in, you can find somebody. What percentage of the US population has in Somnia? It's a great question. For decades, any population level study has generally found kind of the same thing. Mostly, and it doesn't seem to have mostly changed much. That about one out of three people in the US has some sort of sleep complete or problem, or something, whether it's falling asleep, staying asleep, not feeling refreshed. That seems to be about a third of the population at least. And it seems like about one in 10 people probably would meet the criteria for an insomnia disorder, if you assess them. And then what ends up happening is they start trying to fix it on their own. And they start going down paths that end up being unhelpful. And then they get more frustrated. And then sleep becomes more stressful. And they give up. And they say, I'm a hopeless case. I get one of these a week in clinic. So I'm the worst sleeper you've ever seen. I've tried everything. I've had this problem forever. Then six to eight sessions are better. Yeah. One in 10 is a lot. And I definitely think we're going to talk about some of these substances people then turn to, because they think it's going to help treat their sleep problem, which they don't necessarily know is even insomnia, right? And so they're turning to things like alcohol. And that doesn't really help. So but before we get to that, sleep happening, I you mentioned. And that's another one that I wanted to talk about. I've known a lot of people, it seems, that have had sleep happening. I wonder how you can tell me how common that is as well. But first I kind of wanted to ask you, like, what are some of the non-obvious presentations that you know, of sleep happening? That you see, especially people who like maybe don't even report feeling sleepy. Right. So the thing was sleep audience. The first thing to know about sleep out, yeah, is it is shockingly common. It is very, very, very common. The most recent data I've seen estimates that about one out of four or five men over 30, probably has at least some sleep related breathing issues, especially if there are BMI as over 30, it's more like 50, 50. It's really high. Women get it less often, but it's also shockingly common in women too. It might be more like one out of every 15 or 20 women. And then as BMI goes up, it gets more common. So it's shocking the common. It's so common that my threshold for screening for it is very low, especially among otherwise fit people, because the normal risk factor, so as you gain weight, you get it more because it can crowd out your airway. Masks will too. Yeah, muscle too. It's because it's taken it this way. So most mammals, their airway is a straight line, you know, from snout all the way up and to their lungs. It's a straight line from snout to their lungs. Humans, by moving up right, we solve the lot of problems and we've gotten a lot of benefit from being upright. But we created a problem with us in that our tube now has a 90 degree angle in it. And if you're designing a pipe and you put a 90 degree angle kink in your hose, where is it going to start having problems? It's going to have problems at that. And that's what happens. So like right around that spot here, that's where we get narrowing of the airway. So like any mass, whether it's muscle or fat or whatever, any mass, I mean, there are people who look at MRIs of like tongue fat, like cheeks, like anything here, whether even skinnier people with smaller airways, you know, where it's a little more compressed, it's a vulnerability in the human physiology for breathing issues. And it's actually mostly fine in that you can have four or five breathing pauses per hour in the night and be in the normal range. It's actually a sleep apid, as a begin, five is mild. Begin is the low end of mild. And it's not even till you get to 15 per hour that it becomes start being coming moderate. So many people who are in the mild range don't even have any symptoms and might not be causing any problems. We have a lot of flexibility in the system, but as you get older and neuromuscular control changes as we put on more pressure here in the airway by getting weight or whatever, it just becomes more and more common. And my guess is it's actually been common through history. It's just we've written it off of something else, especially in people that don't have those obvious signs. So what are some of those less than obvious signs? If I have a patient who comes in, I say, if they say, I fall asleep just fine. Actually, if I'm anything I'm a little tired during the day, whatever, I fall asleep just fine, but then I wake up in the middle of the night because of stress. My stress wakes me up and then I have a hard time falling back asleep. When I hear that, I think there's greater than 50, 50 chance in my mind that that was a respiratory event. Stress doesn't wake you up. What happens is if you wake up and you're thinking I'm stressed, your brain is reading signals like elevated heart rate, elevated respiratory rate, indoor the endurance of the muscles, getting tense, you're treating these physical signs. And then because we live in the society we live in, stress is readily available. We can fill that space really fast. But what was happening was, what's in the stress that woke you up? It was that your breathing was starting to get a little bit constrained. So then what happens is your airway tries to open itself up. And it wasn't successful. So it tried harder. Still wasn't successful. Tries a little harder. Still not successful. Worst case, you wake yourself up and you can wake up with a gas because you can breathe when you're awake just fine. It's a different neuromuscular control system. So as soon as you wake up, you sort of get that sudden awakening because you just got that little sort of a shot of adrenaline to wake you up. And like if I just shot you up with a little bit of adrenaline during the night, you'd wake up and you would not be able to fall back asleep. Your mind would start racing and you'd have all these physical signs. But it wasn't the stress that woke you up. The stress got superimposed on it later. So when I have a patient who comes in and describes that sensation of, I wake up in the middle of the night either because of stress or for no reason. I don't know why. Something wasting up. I have no idea, but I cannot get right back to sleep immediately. Like within a few minutes. I mean, something just happens. Some flare up just happens somewhere. That's what I look at. In athletes often when I'll look at is, I feel like my sleep is really shallow and I don't know why. Because what's happening is you might be having lots of these low level respiratory. That's the thing when you get the more severe sleep at, like 30 events per hour or more with these other presentations. But you get a lot of the mild to moderate cases in people who, you know, don't have a lot of extra weight. Or an older and have neuromuscular control issues. Like it just happens with age. They're younger, they're healthier. But they just might have a narrow airway. And so like I'll never forget, like there was a, and a little bit of level athlete I was working with. She was she was in the trials. And she's like, just not meeting the times I think I should. She was still faster than everybody else. But she's like my intuition is telling me something is in my way from reaching what I could be doing. I don't know what it is. And like how you sleep. It's like I feel like my sleep is kind of shallow. I fall asleep just fine. But I feel like I'm up a few times during the night. And I don't really know if that's a problem or not. So like, well, let's see what's going on. Turns out she had mild sleep apnea. Got that treated better. And she's like, oh, that was it. And in the real world, it would have been missed. It would have been someone just slogging through their day. They would have just been like, oh, you know, life is hard. I'm tired, not sleeping is good. And then probably in 30 years, she would have gotten diagnosed by the time it was more obvious if she weren't an athlete. So what should a person do? Like, how many is this an every night thing where people are getting woken up? Like if they're having apnea, is this like an every night thing? Like what sort of symptom clusters biomarkers can people look at short of like going and getting the thing on your finger and measuring the oxygen and, you know, the whole thing. Yeah, I mean, so here's the thing. It's normal for people to wake up in the middle of the night sometimes. Actually, the typical adult will wake up 10 times a night or more during the night. They just don't remember. It's very short. I mean, again, evolution figured this out a long time ago. You wake up, no bear, back to sleep. Like that's normal. But if you're remembering more of those awake, if you're remembering three, four awakenings, if you have an awakening, especially waking up like with a gasp, like if you wake up like that or you wake up with a snort, like, if you wake up with something like that, if you, if, or if you feel like, you just can't get enough sleep. Like you try and sleep a little bit more, but it doesn't help. It's like, it's just empty calories, you know? Like it's not about the amount anymore. There's like something that's keeping it artificially shallow. There's lots of things that could be. It's just sleep apnea, so common. Why not take test? Why don't you just get tested? Just go get her a furl, get tested. You can do them at home now. It's easy enough. In turn, there's no real good biomarker for it yet. I know people are working on it. There's no real good biomarker except that, that sleep is shallow, it's fragmented, and you don't know why. I mean, it could be something else. It could be inflammation, it could be pain, it could be environmental. There's lots of things. Like if you're not breathing, is there a problem with your lungs? Is there a problem with your airways? Or a problem with the pollution in the air? So like is it, is there something that's preventing your body from being able to sleep? Or, and, and if it is sleep apnea, it's so common. This is why my threshold for screening is just ultra low, because if it was that, and I do all the tips with you, and I work out this, and I do all this, and you're still feeling like, oh, but my sleep just isn't good. And I knew one day one that this was a possible reason why, then I'd feel like an idiot for not even checking, because I knew we did all this work, and we maybe we didn't even need to. So I do those at home, kind of, if I remember doing one once like years ago, when I was in graduate school, I was, I think that's why I ended up because it's stress, but the test came out negative, but I wore this like, ox pole thing, I think I don't know what it was in my fear. So there's a bunch of devices. They've gotten better and smaller over the years. There's still people who do need to come into the lab. Those are usually reserved for, when there's like another sleep disorder, you're also looking for like an Arco-Lepsy or limb movements or something, or if you're medically complicated, like you need supplemental oxygen, or if you might have heart failure or something, where you need to kind of be monitored in the hospital while you're doing it for safety. Other than that, or the test you did at home was negative, but you still have a lot of symptoms, and maybe it missed it, because the home tests aren't as sensitive. Like you won't get false pauses, but you might get false negatives. That's the only time you'd really need to come into the lab, most of the time. Usually they just give you the thing to take home, and these days you can wear it as a strap. They have ones that just go on your wrist, and they measure your oxygen levels during the night, and what you can see is, how is your respiration tied with your O2, because respiration drops during the night too? And so does O2, a little bit, but if your respiration is dropping, and then your O2 starts dipping, and then it opens back up again and gets recovered, like you look at these patterns of what's happening during the night, and you can see in one night, if someone's clearly has sleep apnea or not. Okay. It's easy enough. If you're working with someone who has obstructive, it's the gaping out. How do you go back to differentiating if it's caused by allergies or positional, or something like nasal congestion, I don't know, like... Yeah, yeah, especially when it's more on the mild to moderate side, where, so the great thing is, the ones that are on the strap, usually have a gyroscope at it, and they can measure your breathing separately on your side and on your back. There's a lot of people where it's just that it's on their back. That's the issue. And for those people, there's actually really simple fixes. You can set, they sell these devices where the truth is the strap you wear. In the old days, these to sew a tennis ball in the back of a t-shirt, and that's all it's like, whenever you roll down it, you just roll off it. And they have like fancy versions of that now, where it's essentially what it is, where there's a couple of them where it's a strap, it's like a belt, but like the back of the belt has a little bump on it. And so like whenever you roll on it, you just roll off it. It's just stays off your back. That's it. You can't force yourself to stay off your back when you're asleep, you're like, well, I just gonna fall asleep on my side while you can't control it when you're unconscious. So like, you can see if it's positional easily in the diagnosis, and if it is, then just try and treat it positionally. And then what I would do is retest using the positional device and see if it all goes away. Because it might not. If it's allergies, this is why the sleep docs, we get a lot of training, and I've gotten some of this too, when I rotated in sleep medicine, like you see what to look for. So like you look at nostrils, you look at their nose, you have them breathing, you look inside the airway in the mouth, and like you can see where their soft palate is, you could see their tongue, you can see some of these things. And sometimes, there's a lot of sleep medicine that's using, you know, flown-a's and some of this stuff to sort of clear up the nose, but remember the obstructions, almost all the time are back here. In that 90 degree angle in your airway, it's not up, like people think snoring is a nose-based thing, it really isn't. Sometimes you get sort of flopping nostrils or whatever, but almost entirely, the issue's back here, it's the back of your tongue. That's also why on your back, it's worse often, because gravity starts pulling stuff back. Or like when you open your mouth, and your tongue falls back and can block the airway. So, so like you can do that in the physical exam, when you go to the sleep topic and take a look at your mouth and take a look at your nose, and they'll be able to see, but I'll tell you, it is a vast, vast minority of the time where that's actually the cause. People want it to be because it's an easier fixed, but that's usually not it. It what happens if someone has untreated sleep apnea? So, I mean, what happens to their sleep architecture? I mean, first of all, maybe we should briefly mention like the sleep stages, but like, does it affect their sleep architecture? So, here's the different sleep stages. So, when you fall asleep, you enter stage one. Stage one is super ultra light sleep. If you look sort of like not off and someone bangs the table and you're like, well, what was that? That's stage one. When they say, you're asleep, and you say, no, I wasn't, that's stage one. It's very light. This is also where you get hypnick jerks. And if you have one of those, you were in stage one sleep. Totally normal, medically harmless, everyone gets them. So, I've stage one. It's a light-transitionary stage. Then you drop into stage two. Now, stage two, when you first drop into it, you're in it pretty quickly, but for most of the night, that's actually what you spend the most time in. Stage two is sometimes called light sleep. I don't like that name for it. I like just calling it normal sleep. It's regular sleep. It's vanilla sleep. It is more than 50% of the night, most of the work that your brain does, in sleep is done in stage two. But then you drop into stage three, which is also, in our world we call it slow-avesleep, because the brain waves are bigger and slower. A lot of people also call it deep sleep. It's not called deep because it's the good one, or the most restful one even. It's called deep, because your arousal threshold is the highest, and it is hardest to wake you up from that sleep stage. Because the thinking parts of your brain are largely like detached and offline. You're not thinking during that time, your muscles are very relaxed. This is, for athletes, it's super important, because this is when growth hormone is secreted in n3 sleep, but stage three, or non-rimstate's, three sleep. But it's also highly protected. Even sleep deprived people are mostly getting all of the stage three sleep their body wants. Like it's actually, again, evolution figured this out a long time ago. You, it's the hardest to wake up from, and it front loads into the night. So usually in the first few hours you're done with it anyway. So it's not a, sleep deprivation doesn't actually eat into slow-avesleep or deep sleep very much. And people also, so they don't need to worry about it so much. So I think you get into that, and then you come out of that into an episode of REM. REM sleep, a lot of people have heard of now, is weird. REM sleep is just fundamentally weird. So like this is where dreams and nightmares happen. Peak blood flow in the brain is actually REM sleep. Like their brain is extremely active. It's actually more like waking than many of any other sleep stage. But the waves are very different from waking brain waves, but it is more like that than other stages of sleep. You're also your arousal threshold is different in that it's easier to wake up out of REM sleep, but there's also a couple of other weird things that happen that you're paralyzed. So if indeed in the deep sleep, your muscles were very relaxed. Nothing compared to how muscle, relax, your muscles are in REM sleep. Not because they're recovering, but because you're actively paralyzed. Your alpha motor neurons are hyperpolarized. You cannot move. Even if you wanted to, that's because otherwise you'd be acting out your dreams, because you think they're real at the time. It's just part of your brain has its foot on the brake while it's jamming on the accelerator at the same time, and that's why it's not going anywhere. That's why sometimes you see twitches where it's shorter brakes through a little bit, but that's it. It's fascinating. And then also that's also why you get sleep paralysis sometimes where you wake up at a REM sleep, but you're still a little bit paralyzed, but you're also conscious and that switch for God to get flipped really briefly. So anyway, see, got that REM sleep. You also get the eye movements, which might be looking at things, but might not be, the data are very mixed where when you go looking to match eye movements in REM sleep to dream content, you can sometimes find it, but then sometimes you can't, it's fascinating. What seems to be happening between deep sleep and REM sleep, there's a really, really interesting dichotomy where they're both important for different reasons, where one of the things the main thing that seems to be happening in the deep sleep is synaptic pruning and synaptic homostasis. So and in REM sleep, there's a lot of synaptic strengthening and connection building, and those two things work in concert with each other. Think of it this way. When you're experiencing the day, you're taking in lots of experiences and information. Some of those experiences and information are important, you will learn from, are related to important things, maybe they're not super important, but they're worth keeping, and a lot of those are not that important. Like that piece of equipment over there, I don't need to remember it tomorrow. It's not, I will remember it for the next few minutes, but it's not that important to my life. It will get filtered out. So what ends up happening in slow-avesleep and in the deep sleep, the experiences from the day and all those new things floating around, they sort of get sorted and the things that are important are kept and everything else gets let to fade. Interestingly, this is similar thing happens where the spaces between your brain cells actually increases. And like sort of like a filter, the it increases and actually waste products can start clearing out of your brain. Is it because you're thinking, Bart, you're brain are working a little bit less and it gives it the chance to do that? Who knows? But it seems to happen specifically during that time. Just very protected the beginning of the night. So when you're after a few hours into the night, that cleaning out process is done and then the cycles toward the end of the night. So drop down to deep up into RAM and then you cycle through, but the cycles change. The second cycle, you'll have a little bit less deep and a little more stage two and a little more RAM. By your third cycle, you might have no deep left. It's all just stage two and RAM. Maybe a little stage one interspersed in there if you wake up. And the RAM episodes get longer. The dreams get more interesting. That's why the dreams in the first half of the night, you probably won't remember them anyway. But if you did, they usually little more boring with the dreams at the end of the night or the cool ones, the ones with the stories, with the characters and then the blurring of reality and all the emotion in the later parts of the night. Like nightmares, nightmares to a sleep scientist, a nightmare is a dream that wakes you up. That's the definition of a nightmare in our world. The dream that is so where the emotion is so powerful and that overcomes that process. Sorry, it's a sleep state. You go through these during the night and in REM sleep, it takes those important experiences that you segregated and deep sleep where you got rid of all the junk, kept the good stuff and REM sleep, but the dreams are doing is you're witnessing the brain rewire itself using what was left. So basically, the dreams are, among other things, essentially what's happening is, okay, here's what's left. How do I, what do I do with this? How is it, how does it connect to other things? How do I sort it? How do I file it? How do I process it? And the other stuff that's floating around that I was thinking about during the day, where is that? Where do I do it that? How do I process that? So dreams are, you're witnessing your brain rewiring itself, speaking to itself in its native language of ideas and metaphors and concepts, and feelings and how they relate to each other without rules. And so that's why all of the stages are important. And in stage two, that's not happening, but in stage two, it's happening. It's a lot of the recovery and repair stuff is also happening, is it? Because in REM, your brain's active doing the stuff. And in deep sleep, your brain's also active doing this other stuff. And in stage two is when everything else gets to happen in a more particular. So all of the stages are important. You cycle through them, and it's about every 90 minutes, anyone can Google that, but it's not exact. It's different across the night. And that's also why it's easier to wake up out of stage two and REM than deep sleep. But so if you woke up and you remember a dream, it's because you woke up at a REM. That's all, that's all that means. So anyway, how does sleep act in a effectiveness? Can I before you do that? Yes, so fascinating. Particularly the part where you're talking about all the new information that you're learning every day, you're during that transition between deep and REM. You kind of your brain is sorting it out and getting rid of the things that you don't really, aren't really that important to remember. And then during REM sleep, you're using what's left and somehow attaching it to other memories and enough and concepts. And sometimes they don't even seem to make sense. Like you'll, like, they may not make logical sense, and maybe they're wrong. I mean, you're sorting through your plan stuff out. And that's also why like, when you're awake, a person is a person, a house is a house, the car is a car. But when you're in a dream, the rules of the universe don't apply. The concept of a car can also be the concept of a person. And that person can be somebody else too. And then it was me. And then it was my sister. And then we were in this house that I grew up in, but actually, no, it wasn't. It was really a mall. Like things can happen. It's because you're not bound by the rules of the universe. You're just bound by how your mind is organizing that information. Well, based on what you just said, I have now a new hypothesis for why we dream, but I want to ask you, why do you think we dream? I think we dream, because evolution figured out a long time ago that you can learn a lot by reading all the words on the page. But you can also learn some really important things by reading between the lines on the page, by reading things that aren't on the page, and reading the concepts behind them. But when you're engaging in the day, so the way the brain works, which is fascinating, is the brain works by shortcuts. It's extremely efficient. It's extremely efficient because it makes a gazillion guesses and shortcuts without actually doing any real work, except when it absolutely has to. So for example, it's like, when you take a picture, your brain doesn't store every pixel. Your brain stores this line here, this line here, this sort of pattern of colors, and a set of instructions, and fills in the gap. Your brain stores the blueprint's not the house. And the blueprints are rolled up this. The house takes up the building and take up a whole city block. That's why the brain is super efficient. It stores, it figures out what is the minimum amount of information that actually needs, and then what are all the assumptions it needs to make to fill in all the details. And the good thing is, the universe works. That when things go farther away, they get smaller. And there's all kinds of rules of the way that you are, and you will be you five minutes from now, and I don't have to assume making assumptions that that can change. There's rules to the universe. And when you're engaging with the world that way, it could be really efficient. But maybe there's connections that aren't explicit that might help you navigate your life. So like let's say we're having this conversation now. Maybe you remind me of somebody who's a friend of mine from years and years ago. And what you're not that person, like conscious mind knows you're not that person. There's no question about that. But it may change how I speak, or my body language is going to look like, or how much I choose to ramble when I tell these stories, like these sorts of things. Dreaming is about, I think, it's about taking the actual written words on the page of life and sorting through those connections and sorting through those unspoken and details that don't actually exist but do. And inform our life. So dreams are the difference I think between memory and experience, where it's a difference between what you did and who you are. Like the dreams are sort of make you that person who reacts to things based on your own history, that forms those connections. But I don't know. That's my ramble of what I think. Well, thank you. Okay, so back to the sleep arts, yeah, because people having these awakenings, where there are multiple wakeings in the night, obviously this happening during different stages, what how does sleep apnea untreated sleep apnea affect the sleep, this sleep architect? That is one of, sleep apnea is one of the few things that can artificially reliably dramatically reduce your slow-wave deep sleep. Because it prevents it because you can't detach because your bodies keep trying to get your attention. The other thing it does is it dramatically increases, it can dramatically increase stage one and it can also, because your sleep is more shallow and you have more of these arousals in a wake but even if you don't wake up all the way, your brain is still sort of moving around. The other thing it can do, it can dramatically reduce your REM sleep, because remember what I said about muscles and REM sleep, even your respiratory muscles get weaker. That's why snoring is worse and REM, and or worse at the end of the night, because you have more REM at the end of the night. So if you're already in a floppy tube, trying to breathe out of this floppy tube, that's already having an issue, and then you make the muscles go extra limp, and your brain is going to get worse. So you're going to have more awake getting out of REM, you're going to have less sleep sleep, and you're sleep just going to be more shallow overall. So that's why people sleep apnea, they wake up, and they feel like it's sort of like, I just ate a whole meal and I'm still hungry. Right, yeah. I wonder if anyone's, maybe you can tell me if anyone's ever looked at, because you mentioned deep sleep is really important for this cleaning out that the toxic waste, or protein aggregate, how can we debate a 42-1? Yep. I wonder if anyone's ever looked at people with Alzheimer's disease to see if any of them have sleep apnea, like the untreated sleep apnea is my fault. I'm pretty sure that sleep apnea is a known risk factor for neurodegeneration, especially when it's more severe. So this is the thing, mild to moderate sleep apnea is a gray area. Severe sleep apnea seems very, and that's 30 events are more in hours, seems very reliably tied to bad outcomes. It seems like it's really only tied to bad outcomes when you also have daytime symptoms. Like you're mostly treating like the fatigue and the memory issues, whatever, you can still get cell death and you can get neuronal problems, because you're thinking about this way. Every time you have one of these respiratory events and you're having it, maybe dozens of times per hour in the night, your oxygen drops. And it's not the hypoxia that's the problem. This is what a lot of people get wrong about sleep apnea. It's not really the hypoxia. It's the intermittent hypoxia. So you're not hypoxic because what'll happen is you drop a few points, most people, unless you have some other lungs, most people with sleep apnea, their O2 doesn't drop a lot for sustained amounts of time, unless you have like emphysema or something. It'll drop a few percentage points then your body wakes up and then it recovers, then it drops again, then your body wakes up and it recovers, and it drops it. It's like it's constantly putting out all these little fires all over the place. The fires are never burning any houses down. They're just sprouting up all over the place, but when ends up happening is, all of these cells are releasing reactive oxygen species every time this happens. So you're releasing these reactive oxygen species that this oxidative stress is happening, and then it's quelled, and then it's stressed, and then it's quelled, and then it's stressed, and it's quite, and it's stressed, and it's all night, four days, or months, or years, or decades, usually. Imagine the stress, like your cells are trying to do their job, and they're constantly dealing with all this nonsense. Instead, imagine trying to do your job, and you're constantly having to do all this other stuff. So you're not getting the recovery function that you were built for, and so your trajectory goes slightly off. So that's why sleep, not just sleep deprivation, but also sleep untreated sleep happening. I can lead to liver problems, kidney problems, brain problems, heart issues, immune system problems, because all of the every cell that relies on oxygen starts getting stressed, and some of them are more sensitive than others. Right, and you're also disrupting your sleep architecture and not eating enough sleep. So people with untreated sleep apnea, then probably do have problems with working memory. I mean, emotional regulation, emotional regulation, executive function, attention. So this is the thing, when your sleep is poor, whether it's sleep deprivation, or sleep apnea or fragmentation or whatever, the first brain function to go is vigilant attention. Your ability to maintain focus, especially when whatever you're focusing on, isn't super excited. That is usually the first brain function, that's the first warning sign, that's somethings up. And the, and that can start creating memories, but a lot of the memory issues are memory issues, because sleep is really important in memory. Remember, you're taking all the supposed time, I was all memory connected functions, it's about sorting through information, processing information, consolidating information, integrating information. And if you're not able to do those things, you're operating inefficiently, you're not performing those functions. But memory is also a function of attention, where if you're not able to focus and attend, even if your memory machinery was working perfectly, you have nothing to process, because it never got in there. This is the thing with people taking sedating medications, sometimes it impairs memory, sometimes it impairs attention, which also impairs memory. You mean, sort of, it does that not while you're on it, but like, that's it. Wow. So, I mean, that's why a lot of these medications and stuff, and really anything that is impairing your ability to focus will have ripple effects to memory and decision making as well, because the information you took in informs those other processes. I mean, just like, because most simply, you can't recall a memory that never got stored because you're working memory, couldn't process it, because you didn't attend to it in the first place. Is this why men have a lot more attentional? They sure are the same. Maybe? Maybe? I mean, there's a lot of untreated sleep acne out there. And then there's a lot of other sleep problems too. And they all, I mean, sleep does a lot. Sleep, you know, we live in this society that sees sleep as an unproductive use of time, especially people who are training, especially people who are like trying to maximize their day. And sleep is not an unproductive use of time. Sleep is an extremely productive use of time. I mean, if you're working out, and you're trying to get stronger, when you're working out, you're stressing the system so that it rebuilds back stronger, right? When do you think that other part happens? Not while you're working out, it's when you're recovering, it's the recovery. Sleep should be your number one recovery protocol for any kind of performance driven person, whether it's physical performance, mental performance. I mean, when you sleep to private people, they trade sleep for work all the time, but you actually get less done. And we've actually measured this. You actually accomplish more on less time if you're well rested and your brain is clear. Right. Okay, well, let's talk about treating, you know, to sleep apnea. I know we can talk about CPAP and what that is and it certainly works. Yeah. It's a blood instrument, it works. Long-term adherence, maybe not so great. What do you find to be some of the best evidence-based non-CAP interventions? Yeah. So the thing about CPAP is it's a blood instrument because it's thinking that it's just to split the keeps open your way. It creates a pillow there. So if your way wants to collapse, it can't. And CPAP, it's continuous positive air pressure. Continuous because it's blowing continuously. Positive airway pressure, as opposed to negative pressure, which is sucking positive airway pressure is blowing. So it's just continuously blowing air in your airway to create a pillow there to keep it open. That's all it is. It's a blunt instrument. If your airway wants to close, you blow enough air in there, it won't be able to close. But for some people, it's too uncomfortable or whatever. So there's other approaches. The one I tend to use the most, especially with athletes, who are often presenting with more mild to moderate CPAP in any way, are what are called mandibular advancement devices. With these, that's essentially a retainer. You wear it at night. Mandibular, like your mandible advancement. So essentially, it's a retainer that pushes your jaw forward. And in a nutshell, that's all it is. There's obviously a science behind it. But what it does is it creates a little muscle tone here. Even when you don't want, even when you're trying to rest. So usually that's not a good thing. But it creates not enough muscle tone to keep you awake. But enough muscle tone to keep this part of your airway open a little more than it normally would be. And for a lot of people, especially more mild, sleeper-related breathing issues, does the trick. That's all it takes to knock out at least enough of those events so that you don't end up noticing it anymore. And you don't have to plug it in. You don't have to switch out your hose every couple months, like it's a little easier. You do have to get it adjusted. And as your jaw remodels, you might have to do some adjustments. You do it with a, there's a whole field called sleep dentistry. It's sleep medicine dentistry, not sedation dentistry, but sleep dentistry where it's about people diagnosing and treating sleep apnea with these dental devices. That's a very common one. There's also, musculos, myofacial therapy. So you can use the musculoskeletal system and essentially exercise these muscles so that they just carry more muscle tone. That can work. I mean, there's very famous work done with people who play the didgeridue where they have to do the cyclical breathing. It ends up strengthening certain muscles that even when you're asleep, they're a little stronger and they can maintain a little more tone. So sometimes that can help, especially for more mild apnea cases. There's a device called excidoSA, where it's, you put it on your tongue when you're awake and it's sort of electrically stimulate your tongue muscle. So then you go to bed, it keeps a little, it's like a tens unit kind of, where it stimulates your tongue muscles so that when you go to bed, there's a little more muscle tone in there. That seems to work okay. There's a new device, people maybe seeing commercials called Inspire, which just means breathing, but it's sort of like a pacemaker that they install. So it's an implantable electrical device that they do surgery, but it's sort of a pacemaker for your tongue muscle. And so what it does is when it detects that your tongue is falling back, it zaps it to open it up. And that also for people for whom it's a candidate for, that can also, you don't have to, again, there's no equipment to replace, but you do need surgery for it and there's complications there sometimes, but seems to work okay. There's more options now than ever. And the technology's always getting better, even with CPAP, there's more than 200 different kinds of masks out there. So for people who don't like their device and don't like their mask, because it's uncomfortable or whatever, it's rare that I find a mask problem that can't be fixed if what you need is one of those. What about mouth taping? mouth taping. So, all right, mouth taping. So mouth taping for decades in the state medicine field, we've been using chin straps. Just like a elastic band, who's from a host at night, for people who are snoring, that don't, that, where it's just mild snoring and they don't have sleep apnea, or their sleep apnea's mild, or their sleep apnea is due to them opening their mouth at night and their tongue falling back and they can breathe through their nose okay, chin straps have been great. They've been used for decades. mouth taping, I think, is just sort of the same thing, where you're essentially just keeping your mouth closed. You're just keeping your mouth closed. In a way that you can breathe through. Like it's, it's special tape where air flows through fine. If their problem is that you're opening your mouth, I have no problem with it, and it probably may help those people, but if the problem is that you actually have sleep apnea, and if you don't open your mouth, then you can't breathe, like in your opening your mouth to gasp for air, then that's probably not what you want. It's probably the opposite of what you want, if you need to open your mouth to breathe or else you're going to have, your oxygen's gonna plum it. Don't do that. But if you're like more mild snoring case or for people who are mild enough or if it helps you keep, maybe you're using a nasal device or like a more extraps or rhino med makes these nasal splints, we can keep your nose open. If you're using one of those, and you just need to keep your mouth closed, I have no real problem with it. I just don't think it's gonna, like, cure cancer and save the world. But I feel like it gets overblown by people's health. Yeah, it's gotten overblown, and it sounds more like maybe for snoring, than anything. And it's, if you keep your mouth closed during the night solves your problem, go ahead. But if that's, but if you're hoping that keeping your mouth closed during the night will solve your problem, and it doesn't, there are other options for you. Are there any for people that are experimenting with some of these perhaps the retainer or the myofunctional training? Yeah. I, we're gonna get into sleep wearables soon, but like, how do they really know it's working? What's that? Yeah, it's tough. The best way to know, and this is not a perfect way. Second best way to know is, are you, how do you feel during the day? How's your energy level? How's your ability to focus? Are you falling asleep whenever you stop moving? A lot of people sleep after you. They can, they don't stop moving, because then they'll fall asleep. They can't watch TV. They can't watch a movie. They can go to a dark movie theater without nodding off. Like, they have a hard time with that, or meetings. They hate meetings, because they have trouble keeping away. If all of a sudden that's just not a problem for you, it's like your appetite isn't ramped up because you're starving all the time. You're actually getting good nutrition, so you're not starving. That's a good signal. But it's not a great signal. It's not a perfect signal because there's a lot of people where they're sleeping after the scenes to be treated just fine, but they still have some of those daytime symptoms. And no one really exactly knows why, but it seems just means we need to learn more about what this condition really is and what it's doing in the brain. Well, what's permanent and what's not permanent? We don't know yet. And I say that's second best because the best is just get retested. And a lot of people sleep after you have, if it's been a couple of years, get to do it to do the test again, do it while you're using your treatment to see. And for a lot of those devices, insurance requires you to do that anyway to make sure it's working fine. See if you need to get adjusted. Because sometimes they need to get adjusted and they're not working great. Because your mouth changes or something. So that's one way. I mean, really, really, there's no other way besides either looking. I mean, you might in the future might even be easier to look at the wearable data. Check your auction levels during the night. Check your heart rate during the night. See if you have these spikes that you used to have. We're seeing most importantly, see how you feel the next day. All right. I kind of wanted to shift gears. We're going to get into the supplements because that's something everyone wants to know about. Before that, I kind of wanted to ask you a little bit about, you know, we've a lot of people have heard about seepaging the most important things for seepaging, you know, rapid fires. I do want to seepaging. I do all that's seepaging. Yeah, it's the same. Or mostly, paging is bad. Like people talk about this all the time. But yeah, but there's a difference between seepaging and behavioral seep medicine. There are different things. Right, exactly. I mean, obviously, people need to have sleep good seepaging too. That's important. But like, like, everything you were talking about with seepety eye, like that's different. Yeah, the seepaging is just something that already needs to be done. Yeah, but like, aging is hygiene. Hygiene isn't medicine. So like washing your hands is hygiene. And everyone should wash their hands more than once. You know, you should be, and if you're sick, wash your hands more. But washing your hands won't cure an infection. Right. But for people that perhaps don't have insomnia, right. Have apnea seepety. But everyone should still be washing their hands. Everyone should still be brushing your teeth. Even if you can't brush your way out of braces, doesn't mean you shouldn't be brushing your teeth. So sleep hygiene is all about setting yourself up for success or dealing with some of these more minor problems. Right. So I was wondering if you had any tips on some more advanced type of sleep hygiene. Like we know we all know dark, cold, quiet. Like it's either, right, it's either rocket science. But like, are there any other sort of more advanced sleep hygiene techniques like, oh, maybe you're resting heart rate or respiratory rate or something like that, like people could. So my unconventional, the stuff, this, you know, if you Googled, if you Googled sleep hygiene, what's some stuff that might not come up on those initial lists that are still useful? One of that, one of the things that you'll see often on sleep hygiene lists is keep a regular schedule. Because predictability, the brain loves predictability. So if you keep a regular schedule, time itself becomes a cue. So like, if you want to eat lunch at noon every day, start eating at noon every day, and your body will learn to get hungry at that time. But what if you can't keep a regular schedule? Well, an alternative approach I would take is find other ways of building predictability into your sleep, for example. So like, so one of the groups I do a lot of work with is Major League Baseball. And a Major League Baseball, when they're in season, they're constantly moving around and playing in different time zones and sleeping in different hotels. How do you keep regularity when you're constantly moving around? And so like, for people whose lives are like that, what do you do? Well, I usually say, OK, stop trying to keep a regular schedule, but find other ways to build predictability. And so maybe have a nighttime routine that is highly predictable. Were you do the same things in the same order, even if you do them in different places in the different hotel room or whatever? Especially if you can bring things with you, like bring the pillowcase with you as a condition stimulus. Use the same toothbrush, whether it's at home or on the road if you travel a lot. Use do the same things in the same order. So even if they're at a different time of the different place, find alternate ways to build predictability. If time itself is not the predictable one. Another one is avoiding bright light at night. What if you can't? So blue blocking glasses are great for this, because by blue blocking glasses, they have to be or injure red most of the time. Some of the other ones will work. Some of the yellow ones are brown ones will work. But if you put the glasses on and you look at something blue and you know that it's blue, it's not going to do its job for a circadian perspective. So some of them block blue for eye stream, but that's different thing. So if you put on say orange tinted glasses and you can't see the color blue, then the environmental light is not going to interfere with their sleep in the same way because it's not going to send a daytime signal. Another one that even fewer people know about is bright light in the morning can help set your sleep up at night in three ways that are actually a little unconventional. Number one, by having that morning be a regular timing and a strong daytime signal. I'm talking about daylight, I'm talking about like outdoor light, not just turn on light my bedroom light. That's a couple hundred locks. Step outside, it's thousands of locks of light. Getting that strong daytime signal in the morning at a predictable time starts a clock. And that clock, just like when you finish a meal, you'll start getting hungry a certain number of hours later. If you don't really have a really strong meal, you're sort of hungry all over the clock. You don't have that rhythm. But if you have a strong morning signal with some bright light at a predictable time, about 16 to 17 hours later, your body will expect to be ready for sleep. And if you can make that a little more regular, it makes, it's like if you want to be, if you want someone to catch a ball down field and you throw it the same amount about the same distance every time, but you keep moving, the person down field doesn't know where to stand. But if you stay still, they can predict where the ball is gonna land. So like by setting that time it creates, it sets you up for success by starting that timer. The second thing that it does is that it creates a circadian amplitude. So your circadian rhythm, this 24 hour cycle, it's like when you're on the couch in the dark all day, you don't have a strong daytime rhythm, so you don't have a strong nighttime rhythm. But if you get a strong daytime signal by being active and getting, especially outside light, especially in the morning to start that curve going by the time nighttime comes, you'll have an even stronger nighttime signal. And then the third thing that it does, that even fewer people know about, is everyone knows that light at night is bad and that light in the morning is good. But light across the day, matters where the more outdoor light, the more bright light, but it's mostly means outdoor light. The more light you get during the day, it annoculates you against light at night. Because if you've got a really strong light daytime signal, you can get all kinds of light from screens or whatever at night and it actually won't matter for most people. You can actually, so again, it's lesser known, but because the system knows where it is, it's not looking for information anymore. And conflicting information will get thrown out. As opposed to, like, I don't know, it's light now, but I didn't get a ton of light during the day, maybe at a state time, I don't know. But you can enoculate yourself against nighttime light by getting plenty of daytime light. That's fascinating. I've noticed that, of course, when I'm traveling and I'm outside all the time, and then it's like being in my hotel, I don't usually have my dimming lot, my dimmers and everything that I usually have, but it doesn't matter, because I'm dead tired. Right. Yeah. This is, human's lived for most of our existence, an equatorial, bright days, dark nights, relatively little seasonal variability all around all around, like the Mediterranean area and that part of the world. You know, we saw all kinds of problems by creating these walls and buildings and artificial lights and everything. We saw a lot of problems. We've created some new ones too, and we're still running the same code. Right. A couple of questions, follow up questions for that. Do you think the time of morning light matters a lot? Like you wake up in the morning and like, is it like first thing you go outside and how long should you have to go outside for 30 minutes? Yeah, morning light is key. Earlier, the better. I mean, honestly, earlier, the better. And how much, I would say 15 minutes is probably fine. 30 minutes is probably better. Like a morning walk or a morning run is actually probably perfect. And because what's happening, it's not only that date time, so the other thing it's doing. And we'll talk about this one when we talk about selfless, but Melatonin. So Melatonin naturally, your natural melatonin will drop in the morning down to like almost from its peak to almost nothing. Light suppresses Melatonin. Naturally, that's what it does. And so the early, if your melatonin is still kind of hinders dropping by getting that light, you accelerate its ability to drop. It's like coffee. Yeah, kind of. And actually, this is also why I don't recommend that people caffeinate as soon as they wake up. I recommend people wait an hour because if you caffeinate as soon as you wake up, the amount of a denys scene that that caffeine is blocking is still very low. You haven't produced enough yet to really have much of an effect. But if you drink caffeine as soon as you wake up in the morning and you feel more alert, it's probably your sleep inertia, what naturally coming down, and your melatonin naturally get a block and you're feeling the effects of it and you're attributing it to the caffeine. When actually you could skip the caffeine, you probably would have felt mostly the same. It's just the caffeine is still having effects later, but you've missed the caffeine peak. So like actually, it's time to caffeine a little bit later. So you're saying you want to use the caffeine for when you basically need it, when you're working maybe adjusting the filter. Yeah, use the caffeine. So the denys scene builds across the day and you're at your lowest levels as soon as you wake up. Why are you going to block something that you know, caffeine works mostly by blocking a denys scene and your lowest levels of a denys scene the first thing in the morning, why would you recommend someone block it first thing in the morning? Wait till it accumulates a little bit, especially if you for most people that natural sleep inertia will wear off within 10 to 60 minutes as soon as they wake up. And my favorite way to tell this story is that you know how you wake up and you smell the coffee and then even that kind of perks you up a little bit, they say, yeah, and I say, did you know that there's a term for that? And they're like, oh, there is. And I say, yes, it's called placebo. And then so they laugh and like what do you mean? And like coffee doesn't work all factory. It doesn't work through the nose. If you smell it and you start parking up, it's because you're predicting what its effects are going to be before you even ingested it. And which means when you're drinking that coffee, it's giving you a placebo effect as much as it's giving you anything else. So like, wait a little bit, because you don't need it. That's why I drink D.C.C.F. Coffee, like 11 am and I feel like it's totally working. And I'm totally fine with that placebo. Because you had it in you all along. Right. So it sounds like the morning routine would be wake up. Go outside, whether it's water. You probably see it in the face. Get some water. Go outside, whether you're taking your puppy or dog out. I just got a new puppy going for a run. Yeah. But go outside for at least 15 minutes. And then wait a little bit, then you make your coffee. Obviously, there's some people are rushing to get to work, but you drink your coffee in the car and wait to work. Or wait till you get there. Or wait till you get to work. OK, I'm going to try that. Yeah. And also, you got to remember, caffeine doesn't reach its peak effects for at least like a half an hour after you ingested it. So and then it'll last for a few hours afterwards. So if you want to, if you... Wait, say that again. So it doesn't reach its peak until 30 minutes later. Until about 30 minutes later. So if you feel it, it was sort of right away. That wasn't that was sort of the effect of caffeine. OK. And then, yeah. And then it'll trail off. Like it'll have some effects. It'll build. So it's something there. But it's actually the peak effects of caffeine for alertness or about a half an hour in. So that's why a lot of people will do is they do the whole calf nap or the napachino or whatever they call it. We're like, they drink the coffee, take a nap for 15 to 20 minutes, wake up, right when the coffee starts ramping up and then they go. Never heard of that. Oh yeah, it's a thing. I mean, I don't do it, but not because I have any moral opposition to it. But it's a thing where because they leverage the delay in the caffeine reaching its effectiveness. So and they use that to limit their nap time. But we can talk about strategic naphing and we'll be able to do that. Before we continue, I just want to mention something important. If you're finding these episodes valuable, please consider subscribing to the channel and clicking the notification bell. It's the only way to ensure you'll be notified when a new episode goes live. Many people assume they'll be alerted automatically, but unless the bell is clicked, they won't be. We cover a lot of detailed evidence-based content here and I want to make sure that you don't miss any of it. Now back to the episode. Okay, we'll just talk about supplements. I mean, obviously we're talking about the behavioral interventions being absolutely the best. The most likely to actually help. Okay. That's the way I think about it. It's like, they don't always work. And other things may sedate you more faster, but there were the things that are most likely to solve your problem long term with the least negative effects. What about, you know, you were talking about early light exposure, the timing of going to bed at the same time versus waking up in the morning at the same time. How does that play a role? I would say focus more on starting the morning than timing your bed time at the same time because the morning will set up the evening and usually people have more control over that anyway. And the way I like to think about the evening is I think about sleep as my commute to tomorrow, where instead of thinking, so if you had to go to work, you don't think, well, I'm gonna wake up when I want, I'm gonna do everything I need to do around the house, pay all my bills, do all the dishes, do all my chores, and then when I happen to be done, hope that I make it into work in time. And then like shoot, I ran out of time. Like, that doesn't work. Instead, what you do, you think, what time do I need to leave the house? How long is it gonna take me to get ready? What do I wanna do in the morning? What do I wanna go for that walk or whatever? What time do I need to wake up to make that happen? And that's how we should be thinking about sleep, cause then you should be thinking, keep going and think, okay, how much sleep do I wanna get? How much time do I need to budget with a couple of wakeings during the night or whatever? That's normal to get that amount of sleep. When do I wanna be in bed to be able to fall asleep when I want to get all the sleep I need so that I wake up naturally when I want to be woken up, fully refreshed. So when do I need to start winding down? So you think backwards. And so the nighttime routine, regularity, I think is important, but I think more important is thinking strategically about it and start thinking, based on my goals for tomorrow, when do I, when do I need to be up and when do I wanna go to bed? But the morning routine building regularity will help set you up to be tired at the time you want to be. But going into bed at a regular time when you're not ready for sleep, that's bad stimulus control. That'll set you up for problems later. So that's also why I don't stress the nighttime getting into bed. Because what if you're not ready? If you're not ready, if you're not hungry, don't eat. Like if you're not ready, don't sit there and count sheep for an hour. That'll just make you stressed. So that's why I focused the regularity on the morning. So you think people should try to have a consistent wake-up time in the morning. It's impossible. But not everyone can. And like maybe your wake-up time during the week is uncomfortable early and you wanna sleep in on the weekends. I got no problem with that. Regularity is good, but like if it means you're getting a little bit of extra recovery on the weekends, it's a trade-off. There might be an positive there. But if they do, if they are waking up early in the morning during the week, then you think they're building up an up-sleep pressure to fall asleep earlier. Right, you think, and it's just, that's the heaven's command. If they, and if they, that assumes they're giving themselves permission to go to sleep at a time, that is ideal for them. A lot of people don't give themselves permission to go to sleep. You know, we have this whole concept of revenge, bedtime procrastination, where you're only taking, you're taking revenge on your own day, right? And your own resentment of your life being too full of junk and crap to have no time for yourself. And it's tough. And the way I put it though is, I think you're cutting off your nose despite your face at that point. When people say, I know I should be going to bed earlier, but you're asking me to give up the one hour in my day that's mine that I need for my own mental health. What do you say to that? And I say, you're right, I am not gonna ask you to give up time. What if I could give you some more of your time back? What if the reason why that is the only hour in your day that you have is because you could be more efficient and productive during the day and you won't need as much buffer time on stuff if you were a little sharper. And actually, that's what the data show that actually instead of asking you for time. So we did this, I went to the university into the division one of athletes, cross all the different sports. And I said, look, I'm not gonna ask you to sleep more, but if you want to fall asleep faster, here's how you do it and we'll get into what I said. So I'm sure you're gonna ask, how do you fall asleep faster if you want to be? If you need to wake up early, how do you fall asleep earlier than your body wants to? How do you get moving during the day? Let me teach you how to do this. So that you become your own sleep expert. And if you wanna get more sleep, peers with some of the benefits would be if you're not getting enough, especially in students, especially in athletes. But I'm not gonna tell you what to do, like I don't know your life and I can't control your schedule, but here's how to make an informed choice. On average, time and bed increased by 40 minutes. Total sleep time increased by over an hour. Most of the time they needed, they were already in bed anyway. And they gave up those extra 40, I didn't ask for it. They found what was useful for them and actually they were rating themselves as their grades were better, they were more productive. Their social life was better after they were sleeping better. And so what did they do? Well, it's the product. So, first of all, I hammered stimulus control. I normalized some things like, they would, what would happen is they would freak out when they wake up during the night and they have trouble getting you back sleep. I said, don't freak out. Take a break, five, 10 minutes, get a drink of water, whatever it go back to bed. And like reducing that performance anxiety, hammering stimulus control, winding down routine stuff, like dimming lights, gave them blue blockers, you know, we'd like, and then in terms of morning routine, talked about getting light first thing in the morning. A lot of that basic stuff, but really it was, and it also coupled it with some education of a talked about how the different sleep stages work, talked about how sleep works, not as like this is sleep on a one class, but it's more of a look, you're an athlete. You're trying to do all the stuff with your body and have it in peak condition and understand what's going on to the hood. Let me teach you what you need to know about what we know about how the system works, so that you can make the most informed choice that you can make. Teach them about how circadian rhythms work. Teach them about how sleep propensity builds across the day, dissipates. And when they're awake in the middle of the night, it just because they haven't built up enough sleep pressure yet. So you've got to give it a little bit of time before you can go back to sleep. Like teach them how these processes work so that it demystifies it a little bit. So even if they have an awakening, it doesn't become a stressful one. And if they want to fall asleep earlier, they can learn to program that in and create those conditions. So we all like, we hammered the don't lay down in bed. So like if you're going to college students, their bed is also their couch and it's also their desk and it's also their whatever. So we had a sleeping part of the bed, wake part of the bed. You know, when you're in the wake part of the bed, you're sitting up. You can lean back, but you're not going to lay down with your head on a pillow unless you're playing it. So we separated these things out. Work beautifully. How many weeks? We did it for a semester. So it was like, it was like eight to 10 weeks. That's amazing. Yeah, that's like typically six to eight weeks is normal. That usually even people who come in and say, my sleep is terrible. Often, you know, and I'll say, like, look, it's extremely unusual for someone to walk in. Unless they have some other major medical complication that's getting in the way. That within six to eight sessions, they're usually sleeping way better, often by then they're like, you know, this is my problem anymore. And I'll say, you know where to find me if you need me. Well, that's awesome. Yeah. Okay, well, let's talk about, let's talk about a couple supplements. Yeah. I definitely want to get into jet lag in a little bit later, but you know, obviously the most, the top of my and subpoena people think about when they think about sleep, I think melatonin. So melatonin is a hormone. It's a very old molecule. It's in plants, it's in other stuff. It's not a sleep hormone. Except by association. Melatonin is the hormone of darkness. Melatonin is a nighttime signal. You produce it at night. A great example of how it's not a sleep signal has no sedating properties whatsoever. Melatonin doesn't. You give melatonin to a nocturnal animal. It wakes them up because it's a nighttime signal. To agree to which your body gets a nighttime signal and that makes you sleepy, yes, it can promote sleep. Melatonin can promote sleep in humans. For that reason, it can help you fall asleep faster. It can help you stay asleep. It can help you sleep more restfully because it's strengthening that nighttime signal. That's what it does. It's also why it is almost universally useless for insomnia. Because if you have a conditioned arousal, remember now, now everyone knows what conditioned arousal is. If you have a conditioned arousal, your body already knows it's nighttime, still can't sleep. So taking melatonin is almost never going to work to treat an insomnia condition. But if you don't have conditioned arousal, if you just need a little bit of a boost, actually melatonin probably works just fine, it's also you produce it natural. During the day your levels are almost non-existent, they start rising in the early evening, they pick up, they peek during the night and then they drop off right about the time you expect the sun to come up and light suppresses it. So even if you're at peak levels during the night, turn on a bright bathroom light, plummets, then you turn the loft the light as long as the clock still thinks it's nighttime, it'll regenerate them again. Might take a delay, especially the older you get, the less flexible the system is, but that happens naturally. Now some people, when they take melatonin, they might be taking the wrong dose at the wrong time. So the way we started using melatonin as a treatment for something was, our natural rhythms are about 24 hours. So some creatures they use light from the sun to like when you put a blanket over a bird's cage, they'll go to sleep because their natural melatonin starts spiking as soon as it's dark, and then it suppresses as soon as it's light. Humans, we have mammals, we have our own internal clock that guesses what time it is, so we could be an cave and still keep a roughly 24 hours cycle, otherwise the systems in our body would get all out of the clock. But it's not precise 24 hours, it's a biological clock that is slightly longer than 24 hours and almost everybody. Not quite 25 hours, but somewhere in that gray zone. But what happens is, so it's like if you wanna, if every day of your life is a string, and every day is gonna be 24 hours. And you had to produce the string to be the exact same length. What you do is you make all the strings slightly long and trim the edges off that way you can guarantee they're all gonna be the same. And that's what physiology does to your rhythm. It makes it slightly longer than 24 hours than resets it in the morning to start it all over again, with the morning light, does it hits the reset on the rhythm. So blind people who can't see light, they get this, their natural rhythm never gets reset. So it's slightly more than 24 hours. So if you were living a slightly more than 24 hour rhythm, you woke up at six o'clock today, you'd wake up at 630 tomorrow, you'd wake up at seven the next day, and eventually you're waking up at two in the afternoon, it's miserable. And then it cycle around. It's called non-24 hours or cated rhythm disorder, where you just can't reset your rhythm with light. They found is you give someone a third to a half a milligrams of melatonin in the evening, in a blind person fixes the whole thing. Sends the nighttime signal at the time, but it needs to see it, and the system responds beautifully to it. You're not trying to replace their natural melatonin. That half milligrams dose is the signal. It's a clock signal. It's what tells your body, hey, nighttime now. And if you give it a little bit before, you're naturally gonna start producing it right around that time. It sends the signal a little early. So it's sort of like your body responds of like, oh, I didn't realize it was nighttime yet. Better get started, and it starts your own natural process a little early, so that half milligrams dose in the evening, like five hours before your bedtime. That's the evening signal, where your evening hasn't even really started yet, you're giving your evening a little bit of boost. So it's basically like jet lagging yourself. Where you're telling your body it's nighttime, before it's actually nighttime. It's not your really tiny, you're telling it it's evening, before it's actually evening, like right around dinner, or like usually two to three hours before your typical bedtime is when you start producing melatonin. You give it a couple hours before that. It's in the zone where you're looking for it. Like, given the middle of the day, your body's not looking for it. It's in the zone where your body's looking for it, and you can confuse the system, and think it's later than it really is. That also means you'll wake up a little earlier, because the whole thing got shifted. Same thing is if you take that low dose melatonin as soon as you wake up in the morning, that drop gets delayed a little bit. So it ends, so that ball lands a little further along than it was expected to. So your day started a little bit later than it thought it was going to. So you'll stay up a little bit later the next time. So you can use that half dose, half milligram dose, as a clock shifting dose. So why is everything over the counter? Like five and ten? Well, A people think more is more, and sometimes more is less, especially with melatonin. If it's just a nighttime signal, more does it, is it more? Five, you can take closer to bedtime. That's a little more of a sleep promoting dose, where it's more of like a hay body, idiot. If you didn't know it was nighttime already, I'm gonna scream it and all cap it'll letters for you, and get your act together, and it'll boost that net, whatever natural sleep drive you have, that is an interfered with by insomnia. It may boost it. So people who take that three to five milligrams with it, close to the bedtime, it can have that sleep promoting effect, not because the melatonin was sedating. Was it sort of got, was that strong enough signal to keep you into gear a little bit? Now a lot of times people will feel groggy in the morning with it. That's because you just couldn't metabolize it fast enough, that you gave yourself such a big dose, you already were naturally producing it anyway. So you were overfilled your bucket. And so by the morning, you still have melatonin floating around, backfiring. So now you're telling your body it's nighttime when it's daytime, because you couldn't get rid of the nighttime signal fast enough, and it had built up over time. So often when I say if you're taking melatonin at night and it's helping you, but you're feeling groggy during the day, cut your dose and half. And then there's the other problem, there was a few studies that have been published where I mean almost all these melatonin supplements that are out on the market have huge variations. Some of them have like a hundred times more melatonin than actually what's on the, like, so that's the thing where there's a lot of them out there that can be unreliable, especially from some of the manufacturers that don't have the good quality control. It is regulated by the FDA, it's just, you know, there's just not enough money for enforcement. So there's a lot of ton of enforcement, but any of the larger companies, they're actually gonna have pretty good quality control. And if you look at those, the ones that are the bigger companies that are on the shelf, they are almost always right on target for what they should be. And I say that because what's on the bottle is actually not what's supposed to be in the bottle. And a lot of people don't know this, but the bigger companies that have the higher quality and the higher quality control are following the law. And the law says that the amount on the bottle has to be within a certain percentage of the amount that's in the pill at the expiration date. That is the definition. So if you have a supplement that's sitting on a shelf with a three year expiration date and you're working with a company that's trying to do everything really well and correctly, your chemists and food scientists have to calculate exactly how much they have to put in that pill so that as it degrades naturally over time, how much will it degrade to the point to hit the target two to three years out? That's actually the calculation they're making. So in melatonin, that answer is usually 30 to 50%. So when you buy melatonin off the shelf and it says five, it's probably closer to eight, seven or eight, when you buy it. And then two to three years later, yeah, it's five because they did their job, they followed the law and they had really high standards in their manufacturer. But it's still, you're probably taking a much, you're probably taking a higher dose and they can't tell you because the way the law's written, it's like if you tell people what's in there is different than what's on the bottle, you've now changed the label and now you have to beat that. It's complicated. The law was written in the way that I think they didn't foresee this problem. But people need to know that actually, if it's a good brand, it's actually gonna be higher than what's in the bottle because they're gonna calculate in the overage needed to be able to degrade to the point that hits the target. Is that correct? People don't know this. So that's is more for sure with what I have. That's also why I say, if you're still having effects, actually your dose might be too high just cut in half. The other thing that's worth mentioning about melatonin is it's actually a very potent cellular repair molecule. Those effects don't really seem, those effects need to be stronger at the higher doses, actually. Like closer to the 10. But that's where you get more side effects too. So most people don't need it. Like we have an immune system. Melatonin as a recovery molecule is a very old molecule. Our immune system probably does the trick, but that's also why. When people take melatonin supplements, they get sick less. It was seen as an adjunct treatment during COVID that didn't conflict with any of the other treatments, but actually made illness recovery better. Melatonin's a very is a really cool molecule. It's just misunderstood. Yeah, it's a hormone. I think it's a regular like 500 different protein encoding. Yeah, it's a lot. It is a hormone. What other hormone do you just like buy over the counter and sort of unlimited amounts? Like it. We are. So when it comes to melatonin, I know there's a lot of questions I get from people is well, if you're taking melatonin supplement, are you going to then stop making endogenous? Yeah, there is to my knowledge. There is no evidence that that actually ever happens. To my knowledge. It's a worry, but melatonin is so, is so old that like you're going to produce it. Like the way to stop producing natural melatonin would be aging that reduces it. But to my knowledge, there is no data that shows that continual use of supplementary melatonin changes or reduces your ability to naturally produce it at night. What about, and that's also what the conclusion I came to. What about the ability like your melatonin receptors? Like, is there remodeling? I don't know. I haven't seen anything that's concerning in any way. I just haven't. Like no one has, there's no finding that's, that when people have looked, it doesn't really seem to be doing that. It doesn't seem to change the same way other receptors do it. Again, it's a very old system. It's an old built-in system that isn't, that is meant to adapt, that is meant to be able to deal with flexibility, rather than respond to it. Super quickly. I haven't seen anything either, but it's not clear that. I've seen anything either. Maybe like maybe findings will come out in the future when people look at it. Is the other thing that other people need to know, this is about supplements in general, that research on supplements is scarce, especially really well done research in highly controlled conditions, not because there's any sort of like conspiracy to keep the information out of people, just that research is extremely expensive to do. My day job is in research. That research is extremely expensive to do. In Pharma, it's because you can do some of that basic stuff with research in Pharma has the deep pockets to do this. The reason they do is because they have IP, racked around this wide drug, just so expensive, because it costs about $2 billion to bring a drug to market and 10 years at least. In supplements, you don't have that IP protection. You can't patent a supplement that naturally occurs. You might be able to patent a molecule as an additive or something, but that's extremely rare in the supplements base. So, the sub-living companies have no, they can't, they can't charge what drug companies can charge. They don't have the deep pockets to pay for this research. They don't have the IP protection around it, which would incentivize them. Why would a manufacturer spend $2 million on a clinical trial at their competitor or could just take the results from and claim as their own? Like, and NIH, who funds, I mean, people need to understand how absolutely fundamental NIH is to all health research in the US. I mean, every bit of health research in the US absolutely depends on a healthy NIH. And NIH, as much as they fund, whatever, I mean, they're dramatically underfunded already compared to the need, but supplements don't seem to ever rate as high enough priority, where they're dealing with trying to cure cancer and Alzheimer's disease and other at sleep apnea, and other major health conditions, and supplements by definition don't treat medical conditions. They promote health, but they don't treat... And my dish that helped right back. They might could, they could. It's just, people don't understand how competitive grant applications are for NIH. And so to survive that competition and studying supplements is really hard. So that's right, like, the deep pockets don't have as much of incentive to study it. So it's not that it's not that anyone's trying to hide the research. It's that it's really expensive to do and no one's stepped up willing to pay for it. Yeah, it's why there's not a lot of high quality studies out there on supplements and you always have to take it with the greenest salt. Right. And it's not the supplements fault. It's not the company's fault. It's just, you know, I would love for there. I would there love for there to be more investment, or if there was a public outcry that like, look, we need these studies. Yeah, hopefully we'll get them. Well, with that said, are there any other, I mean, I've heard of a variety of supplements, like magnesium, lavender, glycine, healthy anine, any, I mean, moderate evidence that... Yeah, I mean, these were... So a lot of them have evidence that they're definitely not nothing. None of them have beaten placebo to treat insomnia. The closest that came was Valirium, but when you pool the date, it still doesn't beat insomnia placebo for insomnia, I can't, but it's the date. It can be calming. Magnesium also does seem to promote sleep in a number of different ways, actually, more than just one way. Doesn't treat, and doesn't usually treat insomnia, but it can help promote sleep. Glacine also, great data on glycine, showing that people who take glycine, it can help fall asleep, help stay asleep a little bit better. A lot of these supplements, it can help you fall asleep as to stay asleep a little bit better. Some of them don't do anything to sleep per se, but they work in terms of calming. So calming isn't sleep inducing, though, for people who don't have insomnia, because if you have conditioned arousal, you can become and still not sleep. But for people for whom a little bit of calming and relaxation is really helpful, that's where things like the alphineine and some of these other more calming things, like the camony, and some of that stuff that can be calming can actually be helpful. Even if they don't actually technically do anything on the sleep side. Other things that can help promote sleep, things that have anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidating properties. Remember, your body's doing a lot of that healing at night, and so if you can help give it those raw materials, so this is where there's certain supplements out there that actually seem to have some of those anti-inflammatory properties and when you take them, you might be sleeping better. I mean, people take ibuprofen, they can also sleep a little bit better, because like it, it, those awakenings and arousals do to discomfort might be just a little bit less, and might help you sleep through the night a little bit more. There's a few things, but that's a difference, where just because something is not nothing, doesn't mean it is a cure all. It's like not black and white. A lot of these supplements can be helpful. I recommend them for all of the things that they do, but I also recommend them for none of the things that they don't do. And I think there's a gray area that I think people have a hard time wrapping their head around. Yeah, no, I've definitely not talking about insomnia, and some people just like to have a little bit of help, and glacing is interesting, that's when I've been interested in, and have you seen any of that thermal regulation stuff on that, like, even slower and more regulated stuff? Poor body pressure. It's seen, so it's unclear to me whether that's a cause or an effect. Right. But either way, does it matter? If that's what you're taking it for? It's more of a GABA and more of that inhibitory. Yeah, it does seem to promote those inhibitory. But so a lot of people who are taking work out supplements at night for recovery, like take one that's, if you're taking a meenows at night, brand-shayner amino acids in general could be good for recovery, especially after trading, and if it's got some extra glycine in it, all the better. But if it's got a lot of glutamine in it, you want to not be using that, because glutamine is activating. And so I mean, I've had athletes I've worked with who, like, complain, complained about their insomnia, turns out they're taking these nighttime supplements and the whole bunch of glutamine in it, and that's sort of what's counter, that's what's getting in their way. So it's not just about supplements at night that can be helpful, it's avoiding stuff, they can get on with, like, B12. B vitamins are good to take it night, because they can help with recovery. B12 helps boost the ability of light to suppress melatonin. You don't want to take that at night. You want to take that in the morning. B12 is great in the morning, so it can help wake you up a little more for a bunch of reasons, including its ability to help light suppress melatonin. But you don't want it at night when even a little bit of light can get and start getting in the way. Fascinating, so take your multivitamin in the morning, not in the evening. If I have this dream one day of having like an AM vitamin and an opium vitamin, where like some stuff might be better at night. Like if sleep is all about recovery and repair, put those raw materials in play at the time you want to use them. If they're going to degrade, or you can just take them in the morning, if they're going to hang out all day anyway. But yeah, I mean, some of the multivitamin you might want to take in the morning. Okay, let's talk about substances that affect sleep. This is another one. I mean, a lot of people, will get into CBD because that's like the biggest thing now. But I just hear it in peer groups. I hear it on the internet. I hear it in just everywhere, in the audience. Yeah. But kind of even a step ahead of that was marijuana, like which has CBD and THC. Right. They're two separate compounds. Right. And so I kind of want to start maybe with a THC. Like if someone's doing the whole thing. Yeah, it's basically a good place to start because THC seems to have pretty reliable effects on sleep. So, price is nobody who's used it when I say that. But it can help you fall asleep, can help you stay asleep, can help you feel more refresh, THC does. However, there's three downsides of THC. Four if you're an athlete. One is that the sleep promoting effects fade over time. Over time. So often, it works great for a period of maybe a few weeks. But then you'll notice that it stops working in the same way. And so people start escalating doses for that reason. And so maybe, you know, it's short-term benefits and long-term benefits are different. That's number one. Number two, in a lot of people, not those things need to be everybody, but in a lot of people can be a very potent REM sleep suppressor. Let me know, don't realize that anti-depressants also, most anti-depressants are potent REM suppressors. Like you can knock out 50 to 75% of all your REM sleep of the night by taking like Alexa Pro or an SSRI or THC. Does that affect memory? Because isn't REM important for, in format? We're weird, huh? Like, why is it? If REM sleep is so critically important, and we'll get to this when we talk about sleep stages on wearables, if REM sleep was so critically important for what it seems to do, why is it that when all these people who are taking anti-depressants are not falling down, not being able to remember things? Don't know. My hypothesis is, these processes are way more complicated they'll be realized. And when we see a decrease in REM sleep, what we're not seeing a decrease in the process itself, we're seeing a decrease in an effect of the process. And in a down, like, REM sleep, as these physiologic signals and brainwave patterns, maybe it's downstream of whatever's happening under the hood. And just because you don't hear the downstream signal anymore, it doesn't mean the thing wasn't still happening to some degree. But then again, with depressed people, if their ability to process information is fundamentally flawed, and because you're, I mean, when people are depressed, they see a neutral stimulus that feels negative to them. And it makes their life more miserable. Well, stop processing things emotionally then. Like, at least coming to neutral and blunting is better than, it's like, who knows? The answer is who knows? Is that a benefit? Is it impacting memory? Might that be part of what's going on in terms of THC's impacts on brain neurochemistry and some of the negative effects? Maybe? I don't think anyone's been able to take the time to study that pathway. So anyway, that's a second. The third one I just did want to mention is when you stop using THC, you get just like any kind of sedating medication, you get an insomnia rebound. And with that insomnia rebound, because it was a REM suppressor, you get a REM rebound. So you can get vivid nightmares and like really unpleasant dreams. And the worst insomnia you've ever had. So then you're like, I need to take this or else by insomnia comes back. When the insomnia was over with draw symptom. So, so like, so that, so you can become dependent on it. Well, well, it's like a logical, so where it's just like you get that tolerance. So like you're taking it and you're sleeping sort of normal and then when you take it away, you're in somnier Ramsup, but then it'll usually fade back to baseline. It was just a reaction. But you don't know that. You think that you're using the THC to keep the bad it's on the away when really, whenever you pull that bandaid off, it's going to hurt for a little bit. But then it'll be fine. And then the only other thing I was going to mention for athletes is the increased injury risks due to THC because of the amodivation and the coordination stuff that you get sometimes that like whatever your sleep problem is. If you're thinking of using THC for it, there's probably a better option. That's less harmful. But is that if they're using the THC at night, is it the THC directly affecting the coordination or is it the indirect effect of... I don't know, I'm asleep. All I know is that people who are using it more, I mean, we don't have great data on the timing of use. That would be a cool, cool study to do. But it just does seem to be that there's more injuries, there's more, there's the daytime amodivation, there's the, and able tovation being like not just like, the stone or sitting around like, I don't want to do anything all day. But if you're an athlete on the field, you need every split second to make these choices to be paying attention to be thinking ahead and all that stuff. And if you've got just a fraction of a piece of a cloud there. It gets in your way. And one wrong step, you know, could be twisting something. You know, I guess just one of those things of like, there's probably a better option out there. I mean, I'm just saying. But that's THC. So THC does have effects on sleep. They could be relatively short-term. They could produce a rebound when you stop taking it, and there could be remphets. And but having remphets doesn't sound like it's a good thing now. Maybe not. Is it, is it the same remphets as you get with an enterprise and it's not clear? It's murky, the literature is murky. You gotta remember, until very recently, researchers were almost not even allowed to study it because it was a scheduled substance. And you weren't, it was federally illegal. So anyone who takes federal money for research and is again, NIH is the lifeblood of all research. You were essentially forbidden from even studying it. Now we can sort of start and that work is being done. Canada started it because they legalized it first. So they're actually doing a lot of really great THC research up there. Watch the space. Next 10 years, I think more stuff is going to come out. Okay. What about CBD? CBD? Much more murky of a story. CBD is a legit molecule, especially in terms of the things that it does, but the sleep data from CBD are extremely murky. About half the studies that have used CBD have shown that it could benefit sleep. The other half don't. Some of them actually show that it makes sleep worse. The dose and the timing seem to matter. The individual differences seem to matter. It also seems, so it's one of those things where like, if I have a patient who says, should I try this? I would say, I'm having any objection to you doing it. I just don't have super high hopes and to be totally honest, most of the patients that I've had. So yeah, didn't really help. And or maybe help the little bit. It's also the difference between relaxation and sleep promotion. So if you have insomnia, little bit of relaxation isn't going to be enough. But if a little bit of relaxation is all you need, maybe it'll help. What kind of dose and timing are we talking about here? I don't know. Lower dose better. Yeah, it looks like there's a sweet spot for dose. You can have a dose that's too high, which can actually make sleep worse. But then again, if it's too low, then it won't be doing anything. I don't know all the doses in the different studies. So that's also why there's such murkiness in the literature where people are using different doses. Different combinations. Different times a day. I don't have any clear answers about CBD except I would keep. I would keep an open mind with it, but expectations in check. How does it work? Does it just reduce anxiety? Is it like an elthianine kind of thing? Yeah, it's from a sleep perspective. It doesn't. I haven't seen any strong data that shows that it does much to sleep wake regulation itself. That it's a fax on sleep or usually secondary through anxiety and stress. I could be wrong. I am not like there are people who know way more about cannabis and sleep than me. But from what I've seen, it seems to be going through that indirect path. And does it affect sleep architecture at all? Does it have the REM stuff? I haven't seen anything that shows that it does in the same way. I mean, it's like most of the studies show it doesn't do much of anything to sleep anyway. So unlike THC. Yeah. OK. Another one that people use to help them self-sufficiency is alcohol. Yeah. I mean, that's like. Alcohol is probably the most do-sleep drug in the world. Right. So the thing about alcohol, alcohol, it would surprise nobody to tell you that alcohol can make you fall asleep faster. And actually sleep a little bit deeper in the very beginning of the night. But the thing about alcohol is, sorry for the fact that it's not good for you for all kinds of reasons, it gets out of your system very quickly, metabolize it relatively quickly. And so what often happens with alcohol is, when the alcohol leaves your system, it creates activation. It creates a rebound. So often when people are drinking to fall asleep, they fall asleep fast, but then they wake up in the middle of the night and can't get back to sleep. I mean, anyone who's had sort of too much to drink and fall in a sleep will they have that experience where you wake up and you're in your up. And you're just like, oh, I don't want to be up, but you're not falling back asleep. And it's because the alcohol creates that reaction. One of the reasons it does that is as the alcohol molecule metabolizes and becomes acid aldehyde, it can become a neural stimulant. The acid aldehyde could become acetate, which could become a neural stimulant. And as the liver is processing the alcohol, it can create a glutamine rebound, which can be activated. So like there's all these things that can end up being activated from the alcohol couple hours in. That's also why it's not a great sleep aid. I mean, a glass of wine after dinner is not going to, for almost everybody is not going to be that big of a deal. But if you're drinking enough where it's making you sleepy, that's how much it's going to be waking you up later, probably. Do you think timing it earlier helps like if it's your hot? So if you've viewed earlier than your, if you're having wine at dinner and then you still got a few hours, alcohol is probably out of your system by the time you get to bed. The only thing you don't want is to time it so that the activating part of the alcohol being out of your system is it when you're going to bed? So like that's sort of a tricky part too, but usually to be honest, the amount that most people are drinking, it's really not, that's not so much the issue. But what's really cool is that you can see, if you drink before going to bed, which great is some of the newer wearables, like you they pick it up right away. You see that heart rate data, you see that that lack of recovery happening. It was still a toxin that your processing. And I've had a number of patients come in thinking like, well, I used to drink some wine before going to bed and I thought that would mellow me out. And then I looked at my wearable date and realized, it made my sleep crappy. It made my sleep terrible. And so I stopped. And so getting that feedback can sometimes be helpful. Yeah, no, I mean, I, I'm gonna talk about wearables. Yeah, well, I definitely get into that. Okay, I mean, any other of these, there's caffeine we could talk about. Yeah, I mean caffeine probably the most used psychoactive substance in the world. There's a reason why people use it. It works, it's relatively safe. Coffee is actually a great source of antioxidants and phenols, especially if you're actually just, if you're drinking it from coffee, not just the isolated caffeine molecule, it picks up peaks at around 30-ish minutes and trails off for most people four to six hours before bed is the last time they should be caffeinating in any way. Some people they can drink and espresso go to bed just fine. People metabolize it differently. For some people tend to 12 hours is actually too much where they need to stop in the morning or else. There's just just enough floating around their system in the evening where they're not like jittery from caffeine, they just might have a harder time settling in. So that's a real thing. People can actually, because doesn't caffeine shift your circadian rhythm over as well. It's not a circadian signal as much as it can be like an alerting signal, at which can change your activity rhythm, which is more of the circadian signal. I don't think, I don't know, I haven't seen anything. I could be wrong, but I haven't seen anything with caffeine itself as a potent circadian marker, except that if you drink caffeine around the same time every day, you can make it one. And it increases activity, which is itself a circadian marker. I thought there was one study maybe. Maybe, and it was like they were giving men kind of caffeine, it was like nighttime, like close evening. And I think it somehow shifted there. My mind, my mind. 45 minutes or so. Like it might have shifted. Well, my guess is it would have shifted, it would have delayed, they would probably increase the activity level, increase their exposure. Yeah, it's delayed every five and a half. So, yeah, so that's why I like, it delayed sleep on set, but I don't know what it did to endogenous circadian timing. But I don't have to look, I don't remember, I don't remember a paper looking at, so like in my world, there's a difference between behavioral rhythms and circadian rhythm. Because there's like a circadian patterning, but like if did the melatonin rise at the normal time, it just got blunted because of the light you turned on and the activity you were engaging in, for example. Right, yeah. Yeah, so I just, I never, doesn't, does caffeine not do anything to sleep architecture if someone drinks? Yeah, I mean, like it'll, I mean, increases fast frequency eG activity. So it'll make your sleep shallower, so it'll probably, I mean, I have to look at the literature, but like if I had to make a prediction, my guess is it would dramatically reduce slow asleep and deep sleep because you can't, you can't get into that stage if your brain's sort of still wired and active. So for those people to say, I can drink a cup of coffee and then go to bed 30 minutes later. I may be opting to sleep, but it might be, it might be, but also, again, people, there's huge variability in how people metabolize caffeine also. So some people might be more resistant to it, some people like, I'd be, for those people, I would really be curious to see their data. Yeah, I mean, what's the quickest you could metabolize caffeine though? I mean, I don't know, or I probably, I mean, no, that's when it's peaking. Right, like I don't know. They would never feel it. Or maybe, or maybe just the way it interacts with the denocene is different, or maybe they're just so sleepy, their sleep drive is so high. It's the way a denocene is interfacing with their sleep wake because a denocene itself isn't sedating. It builds across the day and interfaces with that system. But the denocene itself, like you can't like take a denocene and fall asleep, like that's not how it works. So baby, differing, you know, humans are humans, we're all different. And you know, are wired, some of the sometimes some people their system might be hooked in in a different way. You're talking about like one person here and a person there and like out like getting 20 of them to come into the lab all at the same time and look at a systematic evaluations. I don't know that anyone's ever really done to be honest. Right. It's more like clinical work, I could do this and sleep fine. And I've seen people who drink coffee at night and their sleep looks fine. So like, who knows? Another one that I've talked about with Dr. Sachin Panda, who's up in on the podcast a few times, is late night eating. Yeah. And obviously food is a substance. Yeah. And at least with my conversations with Sachin, it seems like a good sort of on average time to stop eating before you go to bed seems to be at least like three hours. Yeah. So before you go to bed, how does food affect sleep? Yeah. I mean, so he is the world's leading expert on that, on that issue of the timing and he tells these incredible stories about how just the cellular machinery of transporting glucose fuel into the cell is partially clock dependent. And from the first bite of the day, once that machinery starts, it has a certain window of maximum efficiency that just that only fades. Like it's fascinating work. But as a psychologist, I have other perspectives on this as well. Where a lot of times people don't eat at night for metabolic reasons. They're eating at night for emotional reasons. They eat at night because they feel like it helps them line down. They eat at night because they're stressed. And what's interesting is when you in a sleep deprivation study, if you take somebody and you sleep deprived them, they're going to number a size of it did this. And they look to see what calories they're consuming. And on average, people tend to consume about 350 to 600 extra calories per 24 hours when you sleep deprived them in the lab. Not in the morning, if anything, the little bit less first thing in the morning, not in the middle of the day, not snacking, not dinner, but after dinner. That's when all the snacking, the extra snacking, seems to occur. Especially when people are kept up, pass the point that their body wanted to go to sleep. So if you're up and all of a sudden, and it's getting late and all of a sudden, you're really hungry. You probably should have been in bed already. That was your brain telling you, what are you doing up still? I guess you're going to have to have another meal. If you're going to keep going bug, because you're supposed to be a bed already. I was done. We checked out. Like, are we doing another shift or what? So there's reasons for this, but people start craving, for a lot of years, people in the sleep room were talking about, is it carbs, is it fat, is it, I just think it's energy. People are craving energy. They're craving calorie dense food. They're craving pleasurable food. Food that feels good to eat, a pile of palatable food. And especially, sort of like the later it might get. I mean, there's a reason why people generally don't crave a salad at 2 o'clock in the morning. Even if they would during the day, it's your thinking and your emotional reason and your choices are fundamentally different, especially between 2 and 5 in the morning. That time seems especially vulnerable. In our lab, we're studying that vulnerable time. We're calling it the mind after midnight. Like, on how you make different choices in that zone. All kinds of bad things, like suicide spikes in that time. Four times greater than you would expect by chance than any other time of day. Spikes in that time. Bionic crime also spikes during that time for maybe different reasons. But unhealthy eating. Also, like 3 a.m. food. If I tell you, this is the kind of food you want to eat at 3 a.m., you know what kind of food I'm talking about. And it's not healthy food. Why is that? Why is that that there's this? And I don't think this is a pathological thing. I think this is a normal human function that when our brain is awake, when it wants to be asleep, especially when it's right there in that circadian dip of all kinds of other functions, it's this perfect storm of bad choices, where we, it's rewards seeking, but decreased reward processing. So we seek the thing that feels good, but it feels less good when we do it. So we seek it more. And our decision making is we're not thinking about tomorrow. This is also why people wake up in the middle of the night and they're all freaked out about stuff. And then in the morning, they look back and they think, ban, I was all worked up about that, but it's really not the end of the world. I can solve this problem. Our brains, when we're kept awake, when we don't want to be, that we're not our best self, and it applies to food too. So how does this apply to shift working? And people that have these irregular schedules? I mean, no, I don't know. I mean, we've known for years that, so like if you ask a circadian scientist, is shift work worse for you than smoking? They will usually have to stop and think, can be like, ha, good question. And then you're supposed to say, I didn't realize that was a hard question. I thought it was obvious that smoking is the worst thing ever. Like if you smoke, whatever else you do, it's the smoking, it's probably going to kill you. Shiftwork isn't good for you. Shiftwork is a problem. You know, we're the only species that shift works ourself on purpose. Like anyone who has a pet knows, like they might be up for a bit during the night, but not because they have to be. Because, you know, mammals sometimes sleep in bouts, and humans also are awake in the middle of the night for a certain amount of time. But, you know, it's forcing a square peg into a round hole, and there's consequences. Some people may be more resilient. People who are more night owls, they might be more amenable to taking a night shift as long as they're able to go home at four o'clock in the morning and go to sleep. People who are early birds might be more amenable to taking a night shift as long as they can sleep between like night 8pm and 2 in the morning. So for that, maybe it's not as extreme as shift work as it's not as extreme, but shift work in general. It's a known course of the genic. It increases diabetes risk, increases dementia risk, but shift work isn't good. But yet we live in a society that demands, someone's got a man in the phones, someone's got to drive the fire truck, someone's got to work the hospital, do all shift work occupations require shift work? I don't know, that's like do all factories need to run 24, seven, like I don't know. But it's a trade-off. There's this phenomenon in the hospital. I mean, it's just, that's the shift work that's closest to my life. Where someone brings the box of donuts at the start of the shift and no one touches them because everyone knows that like they're bad for you, but by the end of the shift they're all gone. Decision making it gets impaired, especially when, and what food is available in the middle than I do? Why would happen if we go into a shift working setting and set up palatable but healthy food? Why don't we have nighttime snacks that are just healthier, that feel good to eat, that satisfy those cravings, but just don't do the same kind of damage. And why don't we make those available? Oh no, I mean, I don't know why this isn't, why everyone isn't doing this. It seems obvious to me. Just don't buy the bad processed food stuff and don't have it in your house. That's a good solution to not have it available. For shift workers, is there any way they can use these strategic kind of napping strategies to improve? Yeah, so the first thing for shift work is if you can keep a reliable shift, if you wanna turn your day in tonight and make that permanent, that will actually minimize the damage. You're just in a different time zone. But if you stay in that time zone, it's the shifting around that causes, though it's the unsettling the system that causes the problem. So the more, the more infrequently you keep shifting. So those are the things that people have families and they don't stop doing it. Yeah, that's the problem. But anyways, so napping, napping can be great. Think of a nape like a snack, where our snacks good for you were bad for you. Well, it depends. Healthy snacks are great. A healthy snack in the middle of the day can health stay off hunger, increase your energy, increase your focus. Especially if it's kind of a healthy snack, high protein, some fiber, you don't maybe a little bit of sugar, something in there to make it palatable, but you don't wanna load it up with calories because you don't need them. Same thing with the nape. A nape on purpose, that is restricted in time. But you wanna wake up before you drop down into that deep sleep. If you wanna make it sort of like a power nap. And, remember, you're dropping down the stage. You wanna wake up before you drop into stage three sleep. Because how long would that nappy? So in the middle of the day it could be an hour. If the closer you get to where your body is trying to drop into it, that window shortons. So it could be just 15, 20 minutes. The later in the day. Sometimes you're gonna drop, like you shouldn't map when you're in your biological night, don't expect to nap because you're gonna drop straight into it. But the further out you are, the longer you can make it. And so that it can increase reaction time, increase focus, increase learning, increase training recovery. You can, there's data that shows like even in sleep deprived people, a decent nap in the middle of the day can dramatically improve metabolism, muscle strength, all this stuff. It can be, they can be great. And that's sort of a power nap. If you're napping all the time, it's like if you're snacking all the time. It's not the snack that's the problem. It's why are you snacking? There's also a different kind of nap that shift workers can use. And I call that a sleep replacement nap. It's like a meal replacement shake. We're no one looks at that and thinks that that looks like a meal. No one's confused that it's really a meal, but it does the trick in a pinch. And what a sleep replacement nap is. Athy's through this too when they, especially when they have late games and they have to wake up in the morning, college students do this one all the time where you go through a full cycle. You actually make it all, and you get a whole cycle of deep sleep, which does exactly what it does at night too. It's not quite as good, but it does the trick. And you want to wake up after you've made it all the way through. In the middle of the night, during your regular sleep period that'll take 90 to 100 minutes. During the day, it might take two to three hours to make it all the way through, because you're not expecting it. You have a system to protect yourself from dropping into deep sleep during the day. You're buying it as it won't there, because it's trying to protect you. But if you stay in your nap long enough, you're buying it like, all right, I guess we're doing this. And so it gets in it and you get all the way through. And if you wake up out of that feeling pretty good, that counts almost the same as night timeslee. It's just most people don't have the three hours in the day to do that. Shift workers do. And so they can do it like either like right after a shift or before a shift or something you can do that. Or even a strategic nap like while you're on a shift, you can get a little bit of a nap and be, sometimes be a bit of function. Sometimes you're too much in the middle of your biological night. And that one little nap, it's like you're starving and you only get one bite and sometimes that's a little worse. Just everyone's a little different. But think of a nap like a snack and use it strategically like you strategically use a snack to stay off hunger and to make it through a shift. OK, that's great. As long as you're not drinking a lot of coffee. Right. Well, that too, because then if you're a lot of times you could be drinking a lot of caffeine on your shift, but then you get home and you can't sleep. Right. And which makes you more tired on your next shift. So how should shift workers use coffee? Strategically. I mean, you should use it as think of it as I will drink coffee in about 30 minutes. It'll have its peak effectiveness. And I end about six for at least the next six hours I will not be in a sleep window. And so the higher the dose, the longer that window goes. So what you might want to like caffeinate at the start of the shift, but not in the second half. OK, that makes sense. I want to kind of shift and talk about jet lag. And we're talking a little bit about this sort of strategic timing of melatonin, if I was going to. And like, right and light. But I've heard you talk about jet lag in a way where you've talked about like when you get on a plane and you're going somewhere to a different time zone. Yeah. As soon as you get on the plane, you need to mentally be in that time zone that you're going to be in. So I'd love for you to kind of walk us through, like how does this relate? Let's say you're going to the east versus the flying east word versus west word. Yeah. Like I'm going to be going to China soon. A 17 hour difference from that. I mean, how am I going to get to that time zone? So yeah, let's talk a little bit about how can we help ourselves adjust to the new time zone if you're only going somewhere for a day or two, should you try to adjust or more? So mostly, the answer to that question is like mostly now. Travelling a couple of time zones is totally different than traveling a bunch of time zones. It's like going to China or going to Europe is very from the west coast, US anyway, is very different than going from New York to LA. New York to LA, it's a few hours. And you'll adjust within a couple days. You could adjust probably within two to three days. You're probably fine. Travelling that far, the circadian literature would say that it takes about an hour per day to adjust. Obviously, faster going west, little slower going east. But when you're 10 to 15 times zones away, like what is Dave's four versus day 12 look like? You're not going to slowly adjust. It's going to be in, it's going to be jerky. So what I would say is when you get on that plane, think of yourself as having had maybe just a very short day. I like sleep depriving myself a little bit before these long flights. And you get on the plane. I like to try and schedule my flights so that it would be great if I challenge your epithesia to do this where you time the flight so that it lands in the morning local time. So you're taking off in the afternoon from the US. And it might be three, four, five, six in the afternoon. But you're landing at 10 a.m. local time. So as soon as I get on that plane, I'm like, OK, it's nighttime. I have this eight hour, eight, nine hour flight. This is my night. So I'm going to have crappy sleep. I'll sleep, trust sleep on the plane when I can. I got my earplugs. Got my I'm asked. Got my melatonin. Got like, you know, whatever. I will do whatever I can to catch a little bit of sleep on the plane. I'll have a crappy fragmented night of sleep on the plane. Land the morning local time. Wake up. I'll make it through my day just fine. I'll power through the day. Because my sleep's generally good beforehand. So I'll be pretty resilient. Make it through the day. I will be exhausted by nighttime local time. And I'm essentially brute forcing my sleep wake home in the Osteasis. Even though I'm essentially my circadian rhythm is way off. But I'm tired when I want to be asleep. And I am awake when I want to go around during the day. And I'm getting the light exposure during the day. And I've spent a lot of time outdoors when I travel. And so I'm sort of brute forcing it a little bit. It's like, I'm not going to be fully adjusted. And maybe if I'm there for a week, I will be. But those first few days, I mostly make myself sleepy when I want to be unconscious at night when it's dark, even though my body thinks it's daytime. And be awake when the sun is out and be moving and don't nap. I do not nap for that reason. Because I would be, it's sort of like, if you're taking a snack, if you're going to have a light snack, don't have it be at the end of time because that snack is going to be miserable. Because then you're going to wake up and you will have dropped into deep sleep. And so. So no naps when you're when you're traveling. Yeah, I would. Especially as you're still in the adjusting period, don't give yourself mixed signals. But try and if the, and if traveling to Asia is more complicated because the fight's so much longer. But think of it as local time. Think of when you're going to land, when do you want to wake up before you? It could be a few hours off. That's that's probably fine to adjust to. But like, you know, if your flight is going to be landing say like in the afternoon, but you're going to be taking off like the day before or whatever on the clock. Think of it as you're going to be landing the next day. Have some crappy sleep on the plane. The other thing that will help is planes are slightly hypoxic of an environment. And oxygen rhythms, actually there's some great data. There's there's there's there's there's a lab in Israel that's been working on this especially showing oxygen itself is a circadian signal because oxygen dips during the night when you're asleep. So being in a slightly hypoxic environment for extended period of time, it's easier to trick your body into thinking it's nighttime than it's daytime. And then as soon as you leave the plane and they open the door and now it's normalxic again, that can be an alerting signal. So timing it that way is also helpful. What about exercise? Exercise is a awakening signal. So there's not much exercise you can do on the plane without annoying everybody at least I guess. But as soon as you get off the plane, that's a great time to be moving because you want to send that daytime daytime daytime signal, even though you're in your biological night. Say no, no, no, it's daytime daytime and get light suppressed whatever natural melatonin you have, take the melatonin at night to, because you might still be producing some of the melatonin during your biological night, which is the environmental day, and not producing that melatonin at night when you want to be. So that's when you might supplement. Yeah, which is why being outside is so important during the day when it's your biological night. Yes. Great, all right. Well, that's the thing with jet lag. Send yourself a daytime signal when you want your body to think it's daytime. Send yourself a nighttime signal when you want it to think that it's night. And so you can block light as the daytime signal. So give light as a daytime signal or an use melatonin is the nighttime signal. So no sunglasses in the morning. Right. Yeah, or if you're going to use sunglasses, make them kind of blue tinted. So even if it's even if like it's blocking the UV or whatever, at least the light, so it's the blue green frequency of light that sends information to the clock. That's why the orange lens is block it. But where like a blue or green or tinted sunglasses, if you're going to wear sunglasses in the morning? So that actually works where you can see it. There's no data on this. I just made that up. But it should work because as long as you're getting that frequency of light, it's the blueish greenish light that sends the information to the clock. But it's also, I live in Arizona. Some to sunglasses, if you don't want macular degeneration, you need to wear sunglasses when you're outside. So how do you get enough light to influence the clock without doing retinal damage? And so that's why, I love to see data on this. I don't know that anyone's actually studied this if they have. I'd love to see it, but that's my hypothesis. Yeah, because I would imagine like you were saying earlier, obviously the early morning light, it's not as damaging so you play the meat sunglasses then. But you're talking about being outside long hours during the day and how that also protects you from the blue light in hitting melatonin later. You want the blue light to inhibit melatonin. Right, sorry. Where it. In the morning, you want it to. Exactly. And the evening you don't want it. Yes. OK. So let's talk about where we do have a lot of data. And this is definitely an area that you're an expert in as well. And that is these sleep tracking devices. Yeah. Lots of them out there, or the woop. What do we have? Apple Watch, the Fitbit, and Pixel. You and I are both on the scientific advisory for the Google. We love which is where we first met. But I want to know what metrics do you think are truly good at seeing captured accurately, and which ones should we interpret with caution? Yes, excellent question. People need to know that using wrist-based movement to estimate whether someone was asleep or awake across a night has been around since the 1970s. That data has been well worked out. Those algorithms are pretty robust. It's actually shockingly good. You can predict with about 90% accuracy using movement alone. And this was analog devices with that we're on a tape back up or eventually 64 kilobytes of memory on the whole watch. With that level of technology, you could get over 90% accuracy minute to minute, where you awake, or where you probably asleep relative to brainwave activity. A sleep versus wake. That's what these devices are. Best at. They've always been best at. That is the data that I would trust the most with the asterisk of it's going to be different from the brainwave activity and that the brainwave activity will pick up lots of little awakenings that the movement detection probably won't. So it will underestimate wake time relative to looking at brainwave activity. But it will overestimate wake time versus yourself report. So if I asked you how much you slept and you said seven hours and you're watching six and a half, that's not a problem. You're measuring two different things. Because the watch is probably picking up awakenings that you don't remember. So were you physiologically awake during that time? Probably could it have picked up stuff erroneously? Yeah, maybe. Were you awake during that? I'm probably. Does it matter? Probably not. So because all of the guidelines and recommendations, the seven hours of sleep guidelines, I was on one of the panels. I was on the ASM and SRS, the CD, the panel funded by the CDC to develop time recommendations. We were there in the room. We were arguing over this. And those recommendations are not based on wearable data. They're based on an average how much sleep do you feel like you get? Because that is what's correlated with the health outcomes. The wearable data is a lot more murky in terms of its correlation with the health outcomes. It's different. So if you're targeting a certain amount of sleep, based on guidelines, the wearable data can fall under that and you're totally fine. Like up to maybe an hour even under that and you're totally fine. So that's, I trust it to be correct and accurate for what it is. But it doesn't mean it's measuring the same thing. And so I expect it to be a little different. So that's, and that is what it's best at. The heart rate data are also really good. Separate world in that the heart, you know, photo-pluff isography for getting heart rate data. That science is really well developed. And you know, you can get really good heart rate data with pretty good resolution from the wrist and even from the finger. You can get pretty good heart rate data. So yeah, terms of the other stuff. There's sort of two levels of other stuff. One is the sleep staging data. And the other one is other metrics like recovery or readiness or sleep score, and all that sort of stuff. The sleep staging data. It's a ballpark. It's actually better than a lot of sleep people assume that it is in terms of its level. It's probably between 60 and 80% accurate. So it's not nothing. It's also not perfect, but it's also not garbage. Like it's helpful. It's probably ballpark correct. Kind of remember what sleep stages are. We were looking at different patterns of brainwave activity. And then in 1930s, people looked at these squiggly lines on paper and put them into four buckets. And then it became five, and it was back to four. Just, are you stage one, two, three, or REM, based on the pattern of squiggly lines. This is human's radiance. They exist in nature. No, we made them up. This is how humans categorize stuff. Based on patterns of brain activity on the outer layers of the cortex that are fluctuating during sleep. The fact that you can look at heart rate fluctuations in combination with movement and get a really good estimate about which state of brainwave patterns you happen to be in at that moment, even though two humans can't always agree but looking at the same squiggly lines is that stage one or stage two? Is that REM? Is that REM where did they drift into stage two or stage one at this point? Yeah, it looks kind of similar. I'll call it REM. I'll call it stage two. You see this all the time. This is why we don't even use AI yet to rate these things because humans don't trust them because they can't even agree with each other. There's no gold standard that equally can even train all of these AI's against because even the humans can agree. So it's a moving target anyway. It's the fact that you can get that close from this stuff on the wrist. I think it's a miracle, but you gotta keep your expectations in check. It's like playing two games of telephone going in opposite directions and using the result of one game of telephone to guess not what the source was but what the other game of telephone came up with. So the fact that they're even in the same ballpark I think is great and useful. But what that also means is, don't read too much into it. If it shows very little deep, first of all, I can't distinguish stage one and stage two at all so they call it light, and usually. And as I mentioned before, those are very different things. If you have a lot of stage one, that's bad because you're super super shallow. You have a lot of stage two, that's normal. That's what it should be most of what sleep is. And the deep sleep detection is only about 60 to 70% accurate at best in most people. So when people say like it's not showing, I'm getting enough deep sleep. They're saying, well, the algorithm is in picking it up. It doesn't mean you're not getting it. And be, if you weren't, as long as there's no barrier to your body of tin, if you don't have untreated sleep app near a chronic pain or an environmental stimulation to prevent that deep sleep from occurring, we're drinking alcohol or whatever. Your body is doing whatever it wants to do. So if it doesn't want to take more because as people get older, they take less anyway, growing people, healing and recovering people, usually need more. But if you're not getting it, A does it matter and B, how do I know you're not getting it? And so it's, you gotta interpret it with that caution. So that's the caution with the sleep stages. If I show you a brainwave tracing of sleep stages and a wearable tracing, that you can, you could, if it's a good device, you can easily tell, these are the same person on the same night, if you looked at them. But if you actually counted the exact number of minutes, you would probably find that 20 to 30% at least of those minutes didn't exactly agree with each other. But you can tell visually. That's why clinically I look at it visually. I don't actually count the minutes because I don't depend on it. And actually one night of data is at worth much. It's more about the weekly trend or like trending and changing over time. That's what I care about. So that's the sleep stage of data. The third bin is the metrics like the scores with very few exceptions. Most of those scores are, I give almost no attention to those. I can be ungenerous and say they're mostly made up nonsense anyway. Can you repeat what scores we're talking about here? I'm talking about anything that's called like sleep score, sleep quality, sleep needs, sleep readiness, recovery, any of that stuff. If I'm being ungenerous, I'm saying it's mostly made up nonsense to sell devices, because telling people what they want to hear. But there's not the truth either. They're not nothing. They have a lot of these companies, not all of them, but allow these companies have smart people working for them who are not idiots, who know how to work with the data and are trying to make prediction algorithms are actually useful. Thing is, none of these things are published. None of these things have been vetted. None of these things, it's kind of like at the trust us level of like, well, how do I know what you're putting in your algorithm and how to interpret those numbers? So like, if I drink alcohol that I'd be for, but I'm otherwise totally healthy, and the number looks bad, should I worry or not? Is it actually impairing my ability to perform or not? Or is it look like it is because of how the algorithms using heart rate data? I don't know because none of its transparent and forget the transparent. I know Google did a study on the, that was a Google's Fitbit before it was Google, I think, where they had their sleep score, and they correlated the actual global sleep score to outcomes and they presented the data at a conference. As a global thing, I don't think they ever really followed up with it, but I don't know that that's, even that baseline level of, is this correlated with anything remotely useful? Is a step that, I mean, that they did, but I don't know that anyone else has ever really done that much. So as the literature's coming out, as more and more people are using these metrics and seeing what's it related to, what's it not related to? What is it predict reliably? What is it predict unreliably? What is it not predict at all, even though a thing's it does? As a researcher, you give me a number, I don't know what to do with it. Unless I can, unless I understand how it works. So I guess what I'm saying is, I don't trust these numbers almost at all. I almost 100% of the time completely ignore them because they don't give me any information I can use because I don't know what they mean. And at worst, they're made up, but at best they're really good educated guesses made with assumptions that I don't totally know so I don't know what to make of it. I mean, I'm trying to be fair and not throw them all under the bus. They probably aren't useless. They probably have value and they're probably not all incorrect either. It's just, you gave me a number and I don't know what to do with it. So I was gonna ask you what the biggest misconception about these wearable devices, you kind of wanted people to know right now and I'm thinking maybe this. Yeah, that's the big one. I think the biggest misconception is that accuracy matters. It's not about are they accurate or not accurate to relative to what? Accurate relative to your memory of the night or accurate relative to the physiology, those predictive different things. And even if it is accurate relative to the physiology, does the number give you a useful metric that you can actually use to do anything with it? What do you wanna do with that information? And you're gonna make the decisions based on it. You better know what it is. And I feel like a lot of companies, like they're stuck in a bind because if they're too transparent with their algorithms other people are just gonna copy and scam patting an algorithm. So what are you gonna do? How do you maintain your competitive advantage? And that's a line to walk. And as these companies, they're just gonna try and come up with better metrics and better metrics as a researcher and as a scientist and as someone who cares about public health who has family members who ask you what to do with this information, give me the data I need to make choices to make it in form choice of what to do with this information. So that's probably a big misconception is that these numbers are what they say they are. Okay. Well, well let's talk about actionables then. How can you practically advise people that are watching or listening to this to use their data? What data can we use and how can they make it actionable? Excellent question. So another saying that I should be to a colleague of mine, Amy Athey who's a sports psychologist who's a colleague of mine and she's helped me a lot on a lot of sleep stuff. And I was explaining this wearable stuff to her and as we were developing our own trainings with this. And she came up with this way of thinking about it as a bathroom scale is not a weight loss program. And just because these are measurement tools, measurement tools are not interventions. People, if you're buying this to give you information to make a change and you don't know what to do with the number that's giving you, how is it gonna make a change? You know just because it gives you a number which is because it's a bathroom scale that has an app and has all kinds of other metrics in it. Doesn't mean it's giving you useful information that you know what to do with. So the way the first thing in terms of creating actionable steps out of this is first to realize that it's spitting you out of number it's measuring something. To make it in a form choice of what to do it that information, you have to know what that number means. So first is I got to teach you a little bit about what these numbers mean and what these numbers don't mean. Then just like when you see the amount of sleep you got, what does that number mean? Does it mean a meeting guidelines or not? No, doesn't mean that. But does it, if I see it over time, if I see I'm usually hitting six and a half, six and a half, but today I was at five, what happened? It's like that is the number it's probably best at. So if I'm gonna make a decision based on wearables, the first number I'm looking at is the how much sleep did I get and where did it detect the awakenings because those were probably correct, especially if they were more than a couple of minutes. And are there discrepancies between what my memory of the night was and what the device found? And in those discrepancies might be some wisdom. So sometimes people within Somnia feel like they were up all night, but they actually got more sleep than they thought because they were up and down. So they could use the wearable device to sort of destress a little bit and find the sleep that they may not remember. On the flip side, if it's detecting awakening, if you're trying to figure out why you're tired, then you feel like you slept okay, you can look at the device and say like, oh, I see what's that. Like I'm up and down a lot, or the night, this seems very fragmented. No wonder why I feel kind of, it's like you use that information. So like the continuity data, the wake of versus sleep data can be used for all kinds of things that might not even be totally conventional. That's what I'm looking at the heart rate data sleep stages data. Then I'd look at the heart rate. Heart rate should start relatively low in the evening compared to your resting and it should be dropping. And then at some point, you should have an inflection point where it sort of starts picking up again, probably around three or four in the morning. When a lot of people wake up around that time, maybe you're just kind of sensitive to that shift in your circadian rhythm where your daytime is starting up and as some people get older, they might be more sensitive to it. Or you might have a natural awakening around that time, but you don't have the same sleep pressure to get back to sleep. So also in that heart rate data, so like if it's staying, if your heart rate staying high during the night, what's going on? If it's not dropping, what's going on? If it's rising during the night, what's really going on? If you see your heart rate data looks normal, and you have a couple of periods of intense fluctuation, what's going on in those periods of time? They might give you some insight that there's something under the hood that's causing activation that's going on. If you see your sleep stages, irrespective of what it gives you, if it shows that they're highly variable across the night, something's up. If it's putting deep sleep in the second half of your night, something's up, if it's putting a big bout of REM sleep, and you're first three or four hours of the night, something's up, it doesn't belong there. Could be, but it's unlikely. And if anything that tells me that, I don't know what's going on under the hood, but something is apparent there, not that your sleep stages are in the wrong place, but that the algorithm is finding them where they don't belong. And so why? Well, what's the algorithm? Use it. If it's using movement and heart rate, it means there's something unusual going on with your movement and your heart rate in that time where it doesn't belong. And then you could start thinking about what that is. Could that be sleep-happening and you're jerking around or something, or you have limb movements, or maybe it's a bed partner who keeps rolling over or making noise. So it might give you a window into, I was in conscious during this time, but something was going on during that time, and then you can start looking into what that could be. So let's say someone is like their heart rate isn't dropping like it's supposed to, or what sort of things can people do to try to help with that? Yeah, so first I would look to see is there anything chemically in the way? Is there all cause their medication that you're taking at night that you should be moving earlier in the day, for example? I actually see this not uncommonly where people have trouble with sleep because of medication that is perfectly acceptable to prescribe in the evening is being taken in the evening is just your sensitive to it in a different way. So I see this a lot. So first see if there's something chemical or if you're eating, you're eating a food that's too metabolically active, too close to bedtime. Or you caffeinated too late. Yes, it was four hours ago, but it was still too late and it's still hanging around in there. Or something like that. Or you have something, something active going on. So like do you need, is there a pain issue going on? Is there some inflammation going on? Is your mattress 10 years old and needs to get replaced? Is just uncomfortable and is creating too much activation during the night? You know, there's all kinds of reasons for that. And then if not, what's your relaxation, wind down routine like, why is your heart, are you exercising too late? And your core body temperature and your heart rate is high because of what you happen to be doing, where it's not dropping, why not? Or maybe you need to introduce some more relaxation techniques and to the evening, whether it's physical relaxation, like breathing exercises or stretching or yoga stuff or mental stuff like, you know, there's imagery exercises and other stuff in body scans or mindfulness exercises and meditation or like a mind body approach, like like on a huge fan of progressive muscle relaxation, where it's especially done right and false both. Maybe you're going to bed too hot and you need to chill out a little bit first whether it's mentally physically or both. What about, I know we talked about the accuracy of these sleep state being able to measure sleep stages anywhere between maybe 60 to 80% which isn't terrible. No, it's not terrible, but it's nothing too, but it's not called standard either. No, it's not called standard. But, you know, let's say that someone is, we're not just talking about a night but we're talking about weekly, like months, like we're seeing it consistent pattern of not getting enough either deep or REM sleep. Right, and so the way I would interpret that is, you may or may not be not getting enough, but you're definitely exhibiting a pattern where the algorithm is saying you're not getting enough. Why is it the problem with the algorithm? Is it a problem with maybe you are getting it, but there's something in the peripheral system that is like maybe your heart rate is just too variable and it's not picking up for other reasons or something. I would say the way I do this is, just like the breathing example, where it's like, if you're having trouble breathing, okay, do you have a problem with your lungs? You have lung disease of any kind. Let's figure out what that is, treat it. Okay, lungs are fine. Do you have an airway disease? You have asthma, you have airway inflammation. That could be interfering with your ability of your lungs to be transferring oxygen correctly. Are those fine? If we'll identify any problems there, fix them. Okay, that's fine. Okay, well, is your air vary polluted in that case? In that case, maybe you need an air purifier. So from a sleep perspective, it's, is there anything physically that's preventing you from getting deep sleep if you wanted it? Do you have some sort of systemic inflammation going on? Do you have untreated sleep apnea? Do you have chronic pain? Do you have some, are you taking a medication that could be suppressing this? Like, is there something that's a physical barrier? Let's go down the list and rule them out. Because if there's something preventing you from getting deep sleep, let's get it out of the way. Let's unprevent it. Let's treat that condition. If there isn't, and we still see that there, then it's like, okay, well, maybe it's environmental. Do you have, is your room too hot? Is your bed too uncomfortable? Is your spouse too snoring too loud? Or roll it over too much? Are you just too sensitive to light? Do you live on a street where you're asleep, but there's still cars driving by and that's creating this? Like, is there something in your environment? If we go through with somebody and their environment is fine, their sleep continuity is fine, their falling asleep fine, their sleeping through the night, there's no medical reason that's preventing them from getting deep sleep at all. My perspective on it is, don't worry about it. Your body's doing what it wants to do on its terms. If it wanted more, if it needed, more, it would take it, but it doesn't. So forcing it may or may not be a good thing anyway. Well, this is kind of leads into the next question, which is the pitfalls of these sleep tracking devices. And I've known several people that have fallen into this pitfall. And that is obsessing over their sleep data, which may not fall into what they want it to be, or think it should be. And that actually causing sleep, because they're just obsessed with it. And I've heard you refer to this as worth of Somnia. Yeah, yeah. So that was a term developed and meant by a colleague of mine Kelly Barron. She's at the University of Utah. She's like me, she's studied sleep and sleep health and wearable and stuff. And so she came up with this idea, putting a name to what we would see in clinic of people who overly fixated on the data, to the point of sort of like orthorexia, was the idea, where people are obsessing over food ingredients. Where it's like, you're missing the point here. You know, like the degree of information that these data are giving you is not the level of precision you should be using that could even give you to be obsessing to this level of detail. These are rough estimates that's a fuzzy picture at best. It's a fuzzy picture that's probably true, but it's still a fuzzy picture. So, because you see things in there that might not be perfect, doesn't mean they're not fine. And sleep doesn't have to be perfect to be perfectly fine. So, as you're talking about condition or arousal, what do you think is gonna happen when you start obsessing in bed over your sleep metrics? You're gonna start developing arousal and so orthosomniac can be a precipitant to insomnia. And it's gonna make your sleep worse and then you're gonna worry about it more. Actually, for a lot of those people, a lot of times we'll just take it off. Let's take it off. It's not, it's a net loss for you. It's not a net game, but I want, but I want, you know what? You can't handle it, truth, I guess. It's sort of like, let me teach you how to be happy with the sleep you're getting. Then you can put the device back on and you're approaching it from a place of happiness and you know your sleep is fine. And this is just giving you more information. It's not, and you know your sleep is fine. As opposed to relying on this information for what it can't give you. It can't give you those answers. We don't have that level of precision. So there's nothing worth worrying about. I mean, at least, I mean, if you're, the way I think of this way, if your device is giving you information, you think it's bad news, come see someone like me. We will probably, I'll look at your wearable data, but most people in my world don't even do that. They don't look at your rubisix, they don't care. If you have a problem with your sleep, I will ask you the questions I need to ask, do the tests I need to do to figure out what that problem is and use all the tools I have to fix that problem, irrespective of whatever your wearable sets. And if that wearables got you into the clinic in the first place to say, hey, I thought my sleep was okay, but this, but now I'm a little worried about it. I will say, okay, well, I'll tell you if you need to worry. Well, I'll ask some questions, figure out what's going on. Sometimes I'll say like, you know what? You have what we call normal, and I can't fix normal. I might be able to optimize a little bit. Can work on that. And actually, destressing your sleep is more impaired because of the stress around your sleep than anything else that you're doing. It sounds much like the stimulant negative stimulus. Yeah. And so often that's the case. So like if you're looking at, if you're looking at your wearable data and you're not happy with what you see, if there is a problem that needs to be fixed, come to a sleep specialist, we will find the problem we'll fix it. If there is no problem to be fixed, if you're within the normal range, a sleep clinician is probably not going to fix it. It's not going to have anything to fix for you. You might have to come to somebody who has a little more experience with optimization, if you really want it. If your question isn't, is this bad, but could it be better, then you might need to go to somebody who has more experience on the performance side who can read those numbers, read those TVs and say, yeah, no, this is totally fine. I couldn't make these numbers better if I wanted to, or we could do something about this. Let's talk about making these numbers better. And I know that we've kind of talked, we've touched on it a little bit. So you tell me, like if there's more information that you want to share about it, but like using sleep as a cognitive performance enhanced, you talked a little bit about this. Yeah, I mean, think of sleep as sleep should be a choice. Sleep should be a friend. Sleep is what helps you face the next day with as much resources and resilience as possible that a colleague of mine Teresa Aurora, she led this project that I also helped on. We looked at, we basically scoured the entire medical literature on resilience and sleep. Because everyone talks about not getting good sleep as bad, but is getting good sleep good. And basically what we found was cross the board, people, if you can sleep better, your resilience will improve. You can improve your level of resilience, whether it's physical or most sure whatever. It was very, it was to find however the study, whatever the study defined it. Any study, if you improve your sleep, you could improve your degree of resilience. You could improve your reaction time. You can go from normal to better. You can go from good to great. There will be a ceiling, but especially athletes, especially younger athletes, like adolescents, young adults, most people in elite sport are under 30. Younger people will benefit more from more sleep than older people will to be honest. If you're 20, I'm not saying more is always better, but too much is very rarely a problem for adolescents and young adults. There is such things too much sleep, especially as you get older. If you've ever slept 10 hours in a row, and woken up feeling groggy, they call it the rip-than winkle effect. You know, like you didn't, it's a real thing. You can't over sleep, but it's kind of hard for a 20 year old to over sleep. I mean, there have been studies where you take, where they're sleeping maybe six, seven hours. If you get them up to like nine, 10 hours, they're faster. They're stronger. They're mentally sharper. So, first of all, just sleeping a little bit more if you're younger, that's probably the easiest thing you can do, and that's about budgeting time, and that's about planning your wind on routine so that you land where you want to land when you want to land there. So it might be thinking a little ahead and giving yourself permission to put stuff down. Is that harder for younger adults? Because they're, at least I know as you hit adolescents, you're circading rather than later. It shifts later. So you're, I mean, I go to bed at midnight so like when when a typical adult looks at a clock and sees midnight, clocks has midnight, their body says midnight. When a five year old looks at a clock, clocks has midnight, their bodies like, oh my gosh, it's three o'clock in the morning, why are you awake? Right? Little kids go to bed early, wake up early. When an 18 year old looks at a clock, clocks has midnight, their bodies like it's only nine PM, why are you going to bed now? And when they have to wake up at seven, they're like, oh my gosh, it's four in the morning, why are you trying to wake up? So yes, they are shifted. And it changes with age. So yes, you can use light behavior and melatonin to physically shift that. You can do that, but they are more naturally inclined to stay up late. I mean, high school should not start before 9 a.m. Totally, 100%. College should start before 9 a.m. 100%. It's developmentally inappropriate. It's a lot, I mean, colleges I can't speak for that, but for like high school, since it's about the parents' work schedule. Yeah, it's it's logistics. It's not about what's better for learning, or it's not about what's better for the student. I mean, and all of the data that shows that when you delay school start times a California, led the way on this. California took the step and at least pushed it to 830. Right. Noah, I don't think any other state's followed yet. And there's a tons of data on this. My colleague Wendy Trucks, she has a fantastic TED talk on this on school start times. It's just it's wherever you look, when you delay school start times, you improve everything, not just academics. Why do you think kids are so sleepy? Why do you think teenagers are falling asleep? You know, all these ADHD diagnoses, how many of them are just sleep deprivation? You know, mental health problems depression and anxiety. How much of it is just, is just insufficient sleep and circadian phase shifting. So like you can actually improve these outcomes by getting kids at a time that actually works for them. So there's that. So yes, part of this is we live in a world mostly designed by old people who make all the rules. You know, if you look at who's in Congress, who's making all this legislation, it's not 20 roles. And they weigh, they're like, I wake up at five, six in the morning, just fine, you know. So what's your problem? You're just lazy, you know? Like I'm not saying they say that. I'm just, we live in the society of like, what, early to better, early to rise. Well, it's nice if you're 60. But if you're 20, early to better, early to rise, you know, you might have a circadian rhythm problem. But you said you can sort of you can. You can. You can. You can't. You can't. You can't. You can help with it. You can give people a melatonin to, you can give a melatonin, low that low dose half milligram melatonin is a phase shifting dose and light as a phase shifting dose of bright light. You can, you can do that. If you, if you get a 20 year old, that early flood them with bright light and movement, physical activity exercise movement is extremely powerful, also as a phase shifter. What time of day? Early, early, early exercise. Yeah, early exercise. Get them, get them up, get the moving early. They will get tired a little earlier. They're circadian rhythm, might still be a little bit off, but they'll be able to sleep. And over time, especially if you get the, have the dim lights in the evening, though, though, those dim lights in the evening can help pave the way for, you know, even if they're natural melatonin is in going to rise, give a little bit of melatonin the evening, force that rise a little early. You can, I mean, you can essentially jet lag yourself on purpose without traveling by doing that by giving light and melatonin at the time that you wouldn't know, right? I mean, yeah, some people are more resilient to it than others, some people are more sensitive to it than others, but you can do it. And actually, it peaks, this delay seems to peak in the early 20s, like, 22. But then after that, like, you can get, I mean, I work with athletes all the time, athletes tend to be pretty good at getting up in the morning because they wake up, they get light, they get movement first thing in the morning. And we did this study at looking at, this is called chronotype, which is like sort of where in the 24 hours, are you chronotype in athletes? Athletes, maybe it's also self-selection, where the teenagers who were just super late people were less likely to survive the training schedules to make it to the elite level. Who knows? Or maybe they've adapted to it a little bit more. But yeah, athletes tend to be on average not as much of a night owl as typical people there age. Right. What's the most, if we're talking about athletic performance, what's the most consistent sleep hack you could, you know, get a little more, get a little more and see how you perform, because the data show over and over again, that extending sleep, especially in younger elite athletes. I'm gonna talk about 60 year old, I've been talking about like 20, 25 year olds, 19 year olds, 29 year olds, like doing experiment, get more sleep if you can. And there's some strategies for doing this. Because if I just say spending extra hour in bed, we just talked about how you can't fill that time, you might actually create an insomnia. So you might wanna slowly increase amount of time you're spending. But unless you're tired enough that just spending an hour in bed, you'll knock out any. It's like 15 minutes and I really like that's how I like to do it. I like to extend it by 15 minutes, see if you do that, extend by another, because also you don't have to find an hour in the day. You could always find 15 minutes. And that 15 minutes, my buy you enough productivity where you could find the next 15 minutes. And do you go to bed earlier 15 minutes? Usually that's what people have more control over. Okay. Usually when people wake up is not what they have control over. Usually they have to wake up at a specific time. So it's about advancing bedtime little by little, but the point is you're ready for it by the time you do it. But anyway, so sometimes it's like go to bed an hour earlier and if you're exhausted enough you could do it. But over time that might make your sleep shallower and you might create more arousal if you can't fill that time. So you don't wanna just, I don't wanna just say like, get more sleep because not everyone needs it and not you don't know how much more and you don't know if you can fill that time if you haven't saw me anyway. But the data consistently show that if you can bank a little extra sleep first of all on average, you might show up it'll likely show up in your performance, but you might need to track it objectively using something like a tracker, like, or a stopwatch, are you getting faster? Are you being able to lift better? It might not be perceptible by your memory, but if you are 5% faster you won't notice, but the stopwatch will, for example. So that's the first thing I would say. The other the other most important sleep hack for athletes is sort of comes after that and it's sleep banking, bank good sleep. Get as much good sleep as you can while you can because if you have a competition tomorrow and it's high stakes you're not gonna sleep great, probable, maybe you will, but many athletes don't. Even at the very elite level, they are not sleeping well right before competition. But if you've banked good sleep up before, like if you're already off balance and barely keeping on two feet and someone bumps into you you're gonna fall over. But if you're well planted and someone bumps into you, you can recover pretty well. So one to two nights of short sleep does not dramatically impair performance. It might stress you out and you might psych yourself out. That might impair your performance. But if you're coming from a place of strength, one or two nights dropping your sleep from eight down to like six or five hours, you might have some cognitive impairment but it's gonna be quite minor. A week out, it's gonna be very pronounced. It builds, it's cumulative. But one or two nights isn't gonna be that big of a deal if you're coming from a place of strength. Is this, so it's really about the week before, yes, your week or two, a week or two. Okay, come from that place. Is this the same for a cognitive performance as well? So sleep banking really, it's not just about the night before. Right, it's not about night before. And that's great to know because so many people stress about the night before. If they know that at that time, come in with confidence. It's like with nutrition. It's like, it's not about what you ate today. It's about what you've been right. It's the same thing with the sleep on the weekends where when people say how much sleep do I need to make up on the weekends to make up for being sleep to private during the week, like, well, that's like saying how much kale do I need to eat on the weekends, but to make up for eating nothing, but cheeseburgers and pizza all week. Like, well, it's like I was saying in Po weekend. It's better to do that than just having cheeseburgers and pizza all week. But that's not the answer. You know, and that's also why you don't recover right away. That's why it's not like a sleep debt isn't like a financial debt. It's not like you don't have to pay it all back, which is good. You just have to get back in balance and your body will start taking care of itself once you're doing the right thing. For in terms of recovery, injury prevention, how strong is that data that you really do? So yeah, it looks like sleep, first of all, sleep is critical for recovery. And everyone knows it. Like when you're sick or when you're injured, you actually have an instinct to rest more. I mean, yes. But from injury prevention standpoint, sleep to private people injured themselves more. We see this from all occupations, like you crash your car more. And actually, if you ask people how well rested you think you are, but you see how much sleep they're getting, it's how much sleep they're getting, not how well rested they think they are the predicts drowsy driving, for example. Like even if you say you're fully well rested, if you're getting five or six hours of sleep, you are three times as likely to not off behind the wheel. Even if you say I am 100% well rested, data don't bear that out. People are not a good judge of how impaired they are through to sleep deprivation. So how much sleep you get is important in terms of those sorts of things, in terms of athletic surgeries, what seems to be a bigger driver actually is our two variables in Somnia and daytime sleepiness, which are very common in college students. But actually, if you're sleepy during the day, even if you're getting, if you feel like you're getting plenty of sleep at night, if you're nodding off during the day, if you're having trouble staying awake, you're more likely to hurt yourself. You're more likely to wink out, you're more likely to not focus on something, you're more likely to hurt yourself. Same thing, if you have really bad insomnia, irrespective of how much sleep you're getting, that inability to sleep when you're trying is predictive. So one example, so we did probably what is the biggest controlled study of this where what we did was, we again went into a division one school, measured everybody over the summer before they showed up for classes and training. And then we just combed through every interaction with any healthcare person and in this school, everything from, I feel stressed too, I twisted my ankle, gets documented in their record, everything. Every headache gets documented. So we just combed through to see what over the summer predicted concussions. And what we found was, prior concussion history, being male and being in a high risk sport where the three biggest predictors of concussions except for the sleep variables. Insomnia, having a high insomnia severity, and it's like, which is a question where we use to see how much is your insomnia interfering with your functioning during the day, and how much is it stressful for you? And daytime sleeping, as saying at least two days a week, I think it was a week, at least two days in a period, I'm having trouble staying awake. Those two, not amount to sleep, but those two were better predictors of whether you were gonna get a concussion than in the even the concussion variables. Has it been replicated? No one's been able to do something this large since, I'd love to do it, I'd love someone else to do it, but this is consistent with the literature that's coming out. That shows that it's not just, the amount of sleep sets you up for a cute sleep deprivation effects, but it's gonna bear out in terms of daytime functioning. And if your daytime functioning is bad, then you're more like it into yourself, and getting better sleep is the best way to not be sleepy. That's very interesting. Your study. Yeah, well, and it was actually inspired by a study that was done a bunch of years ago by a guy named Ben Potensiano, who's actually a sports person, as a sports psychologist. And he did this project, and I read it when I was a post-doctor, who was brilliant. He worked with Major League Base, while he still works in pro sports. He's a great guy, but he did this project where he gave sleepiness questionnaires to a whole bunch of MLB players, followed them up a couple years later. I don't remember exactly the timeframe. Just look to see who's still in the majors. And you could see dose response. Every one point extra increase on that scale, the likelihood of no longer being in the majors. Wow. And the ones who were in the clinical range, who scored over a 10 at that baseline time, 75% of them were not in the majors anymore. Incredible. One simple questionnaire, more than a year in advance, could predict someone's career trajectory. And so that's what gave me the idea of like, wow, what other simple questionnaires can predict just at screening? Who's that risk? Yeah. I want to ask you before getting onto the rapid-fire audience questions. Sure. The cognitive performance when I'm very interested in just personal reasons. And I'm wondering, is there, let's say someone's getting pretty good-ish sleep? Yeah. Like, would you have a couple of your top tips that do you think they could still improve cognitive performance with a couple of sleep tips? Yes. And if so, what are the things? The first thing I'm going to say about the cognitive performance is caffeine could dramatically improve performance in some domains but not others. You can, you can caffeinate things like attention, focus, reaction time, speed, all that stuff. But data show over and over and over again, whether it's military samples, whether it's sport samples, you cannot caffeinate a way complex decision-making. You just make bad decisions faster. That's when happens when you caffeinate a sleep deprived person. Over and over again, the data show this. You can, so like, a great example, there's this great story where they did in tennis players. Samy pro tennis players. Serving, when they took them down to five hours of sleep, impaired their serving accuracy by a five-rounder correctly, something like 35%. It recovered about a third of the loss was recovered when they caffeinated. But not all of it because there's other higher order stuff that's happened. Like, that's the sort of stuff you see in the literature that it's not fixed by caffeine. Some stuff is some stuff isn't. So caffeine is not the answer. But what one of the things that would be the answer is actually, and there's actually data on this, insulate yourself a little bit. Bubble wrap your sleep a little bit. What does that mean? If you can protect yourself against minor environmental disturbances during that I am protect the sleep you are getting, you can make it a little more consolidated, especially the deeper sleep and get a little more benefit from it. Here's a great example, the simple example. Some of the best sleep technology on the market, simple cloth eye mask. There was a study I think was in Switzerland where they'd had an eye mask, just a plain old cloth eye mask, and they had a placebo eye mask where they cut the holes out in the middle. Same strap. Just cut the holes out. Improved sleep consolidation during the night. These were in college students so they were in sort of noisy environments anyway. But consolidated their sleep better in the night, translated to better test scores the next day. That's just one example. Like I'm a, I'm asked in earplugs, some of the best cheap sleep technology that exists. Yeah, so darkness and darkness. Well, but it's not, but it's also, you might need to just the extra layer of insulate. I feel like a white noise machine could be good for something like that. Don't have a puppy in your room. Yeah, something like that. Yeah, anyone who has an animal in their room, another mammal in their room, like moving around. Yep. You're gonna have more fragmented sleep. Okay, awesome. Okay, let's get to some of these rapid fire audience questions. Yeah, let's do it. Best evidence based way to fall asleep and stay is sleep. Fall asleep faster and stay sleep. Yes, I'll give you two, because one is cheating. The one is stimulus control because if you can be rigorous about stimulus control, you can get into bed anytime, anywhere. It's like when I travel, like when I travel to a different time zone, even if I'm in a totally different time zone, I'm so rigorous about stimulus control. I can be at a very off time zone, but the lights are out, my eyes are closed, my heads on a pillow. It's a condition stimulus, I fall asleep fast. So you can train, if you can train yourself that that situation is reliably paired with sleep coming soon thereafter, you can make yourself, even if you're stressed, you can fall asleep faster by putting yourself in that situation. Riggers highly empirically supported lots of data support this. The other one I would say is allowing sufficient wind down time with nighttime signals, dimming lights, literally and metaphorically for at least a half an hour before bed. Literally meaning you want them orange, you don't want them bright and blue, and metaphorically, I mean, give yourself time and space to detach. That is actually usually, if you're going to bed at the right time, or within your window of time, if you're having trouble or your mind's racing, it's because you're trying to go from 30,000 feet to park at the gate right away. Just put a little bit of space in there, let yourself come to a stop, and you'll find it's way easier, and you don't have to fight so hard. That's like, if you're trying to stop at a stop sign, start breaking more than one foot front of the stop sign, you will find it's so much easier to break wherever you want, if you're coming in a little slower. I definitely do number two. I am definitely now going to, I'm going to be on top of this, this control thing, this is a, I'm the jet. Super interested in it. Thanks for your buck. Yeah. Sleep tip in the world. Great, okay, awesome. Most effective pre-bed routine you've seen to shorten sleep onset. Yeah, so that I would say is orange lights, putting screens down if you can, if you could put down screens, reading, actual paper books is great before sleep. Unless you're me, I actually suck at reading before bed because I get into it, but for most normal people, the data actually support reading because it's self-paced. If you can't maintain muscle tone, you'll learn you'll know it, and you'll tap right into your body signals, you won't be overstimulated, and as soon as your body's ready, you'll know it and you can put stuff down. So reading, dimmer orange light, the way to go, and that's sort of the way to go. All right, best strategy to fall back asleep quickly after waking in the night. If I were going to turn this into an algorithm, step one is, if I wake up in the middle of the night, what do I do? First step one is, okay, can I fall right back to sleep within the next two or three minutes, I try? And if I don't, then I evaluate, okay, is there something going on my body right now that I actually need to get up or not? Is this something I can, and let whatever activation was right out if it's gonna be short, let it do not, and I guess the answer is, do not add performance anxiety to it. Read the room. If you are not in control of your ability to fall asleep, if it is outside of your control, don't try and control it, let it be. And don't panic, you will fall asleep just fine. If it's possible to fall asleep fine, if you didn't panic, you will. As soon as you start panicking, you're adding energy into the system. All right, don't panic. We're gonna recap, one proven method to increase deep sleep in healthy adults. Proven methods, so there is some really, not that I think anyone really, whether or not people need it, I don't know. But there is some data you can improve the deep sleep, not improved, you could potentially get more of it, get it more consolidated. Besides the obvious is, if you have a barrier to get rid of it, if it's sleep apnea or whatever, but it helps the adults. There's some actually cool data on neural stimulation where you can induce more deep sleep activity, using auditory stimulation by sort of tricking your brain to create those waves. Juries still out on exactly is it just creating the wave forms or are you actually getting the extra benefits of what looks like more deep sleep or does it just look like you're getting more deep sleep because your brain's creating the wave forms? Not quite, I'm not quite sure yet, but there's actually a bit of data you can do that. And actually like I said with the imask, the environmental bubble wrapping of your sleep because if anything is gonna prevent you from getting more deep sleep, it's extra stimulation. With the auditory stimulation, is this something that you listen to while you're... Yeah, it's like the binoral beats kind of a thing where it induces, it basically sends waves that are in the wave forms that you want your brain to sort of create to echo them. Okay, cool. Yeah, it's like biofeedback, but for brain waves. Most effective way to reduce nighttime urination and wakeups. Most people when they are peeing a lot during the night, it's not because they have to peel a lot during the night because they're awake during the night. So what I would say is first of all, see if there's something that's waking you up, untreated sleep app, or probably the leading cause of nocturnal frequent urination, because you're keeping these arousals at night and your bladder's like, okay, well, you're awake, bite as well. That usually comes afterwards. The other thing is if you're used to getting up to go to the bathroom a lot, maybe you don't need to, and you might want to do an experiment and see if you can go back to sleep without going to the bathroom if you don't need to. And then you can get used to that too, because if you can hold it till the morning, just hold it till the morning. I've done this before. In fact, I used to go, I used to get up to go to the bathroom one time in the night, and now I don't get up at all to go to the bathroom. And you know, I'll usually wake up and it's probably like around five ish or so when I feel like, oh, I can go pee, but then I just like close my eyes, I go back to sleep. And guess what? You're fine. I've made it. I've made it now months without having to do that. See? And that's the thing. It's actually you might have accidentally programmed yourself to do that. Remember what I said? The average person will wake up 10 times a night or more. That the awakening occurs is not the problem. That it's blossoming into something you're remembering as stressful as the problem. Take the stress out. It'd be like, oh, I just had one of my hundred awakenings during the night that I just happened to be conscious of this one, but go back to sleep. And if you can train yourself to do that, it's actually shockingly effective. If you reduce that performance, things are exactly like you talked to. Yeah, no, I'm going to be all over the stimulus control thing. That's going to be a menu, my new thing. OK, one actionable change that measureably improves overall sleep quality. Overall sleep quality. I talked about a lot of stuff, whether it's nighttime routine, getting having the bed be a good place for sleep. But in terms of sleep quality, actually daytime morning, have a day, get activity. Don't sit around in the dark all day. Humans are not built for that. Eat well. People who eat like crap, especially late at night, their sleep is more disturbed at night. Reduce systemic inflammation in your body. Your sleep will feel better. If you're sharing a bed with somebody, and that somebody has sleep issues, drag them kicking and screaming to get tested for whatever it is they have and get a treated. Or get to twin XLs, put them next to each other. Sleep in a set of, you can sleep with somebody, but not in the same mattress. You can just put them next to each other. People underestimate how much this environmental stuff is shallowing out their sleep quality. My husband and I, we have our own separate blankets. Yes, on our base. Because there's nothing wrong with that. There's people who talk about this as if it's a bad thing. But actually, from a sleep science perspective, you get all of the social, positive, human benefits of sleep. Humans were not really meant to sleep alone. But at the same time, you get to be in your, essentially your own microclimate and environment where you get to be under control and not have it be. It's best to both worlds. Right. We're not feeling the movement as much. Exactly. For sure. OK. How can you quickly assess if you're getting enough sleep without a lab test? You couldn't even do that with a lab test. We don't have a good test of are you getting enough sleep? Test number one, if I put you in another, as quiet dark room for 20 minutes, could you stay conscious? If the answer is no, you're probably not getting enough sleep. And it's not might not be amount. It might be about quality. Because for people with a sleep disorder like Apnea, more isn't always better. More might just be, you can get an unlimited amount of sleep and still feel tired because the quality you're getting is poor. So it's just like nutrition that way. It's multi-dimensional. But by more, I mean, more quality or quantity. So one is, if you're having trouble staying awake during the day, or if you, if you put yourself into situation or it would be really easy to fall asleep, could you? Like, would you fall asleep right away? If the answer is yes, something like, why are you so hungry? That, like, if you, if you, if you put a plate of food in front of you, can you resist it? If you can't, what's up with your appetite? If it's not meal time, you should be able to resist it. The other thing is, you can experiment and get a little more and see if you feel better. If you don't, okay, good to know. Another way to tell is if you fall asleep as soon as your head hits the pillow, you probably waited too long. It's just like saying, I cleaned my plate in 30 seconds as soon as it was put in front of me. Should have taken a little bit of time. So, so, maybe you're going to bed too late. Maybe you're waiting a little too long. Yeah, that's, how do you know you're getting off? Unfortunately, we don't have a good test for that. I like those. I like those. Yeah, it's practical. Do you really need eight hours of sleep? No. First of all, the recommendation these days is seven because when we looked at the data, there was no distinguishable difference in almost all cases between seven and eight. Plus, people don't tend to have that, it's all based on recall anyway. So, people don't have that much resolution. Sevens kind of the new eight. At six people were starting to show problems on average. Are there people who sleep six hours on our fine? Yeah, I'm sure, probably. Are there people who are sleeping five hours in our fine? Possibly? Is it you? Probably not. Think of it as a bell curve. Or you're probably somewhere in the middle. The chances that you're on an extreme outlier or low. Just because you're an outlier and one part of your life doesn't mean you're an outlier here. And athletes, especially probably need more because they have a higher load on their recovery system. So, you want to recover. You need to give yourself the time and space to do that. Do you need eight, though? No. Do you need seven? Maybe. But then also need for what? How much sleep do you need to not die? Is different than the amount of sleep you need to be optimally functioning? Yeah. Optally function. Optally functioning. I would say most people probably need seven. Bicell report that might mean six or six and a half on your wearable. Right. Okay. And then one practical tip for aligning lifestyle with your chronotype. Yeah. I mean, give yourself permission to schedule stuff out in different times. You may or may not have control. I mean, if you're a night owl and you have a job that works early in the morning, I don't know what to tell you. But if you could control your day such that maybe you're doing certain things at certain times, we're adjusting meal times or adjusting where the heaviest workload of your day is, scheduling meetings at certain times, like you might be able to do that. I mean, if you're a heavy night owl, but you have to go to work in the morning, just wake up as suit, give yourself as little time as possible to get there so you can stay up as latest possible and do all your household stuff at night. And keep that schedule as consistent as possible seven days a week. Well, this has been very, very enlightening and interesting. I've actually learned quite a bit today. So thank you so much. Oh, it's just climbing on the show. You have a book coming out in, I think, October. Yeah, it's a text book. So it's an academic book, but it's all a bit. So it's a wearable book. We also have. It's all about wearable sleep tech now. Yeah, yeah. We also have, I've also edited a few other text books. There's one on sleep health, another one on sleep in sports. And another one on adapting CBTI for the day. Oh, great. Like, I'm an academic, you know, like this is what I've got. But if people are interested in them, they're not priced like a regular book. They're priced for libraries and for academics. But so if people have any questions about anything in them, just shoot me an email. I'm actually easy to find. And I'm happy to be responsive. Yeah, I'm looking forward to. A book on wearable sleep tech knowledge you written by an academic who actually knows about it is sounds interesting. It'll be fun. So great. So people can look you up. You got your lab at the University of Arizona. Yep. Thank you so much for coming on the show and sharing all this really, really knowledgeable, you know, important information with everyone. And thank you for everything that you do. No, you're very welcome. Thanks for having me on.