Worry! You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. So we're here at Umbra. Hi my favorite gym in Michigan right now. Our TV is really great too. Totally different vibes. I love some of the equipment here. I love the music and our TV and the energy, but this one like RTB is probably the only two gyms in the state where you can record and film. In fact courage at the action we have a tripod and stuff and they have sick posing room just like RTB does. So we're here today to do arms and legs. I'm going to focus on Tricep Bicep Super Sets. Two pairing and I'm going to do the usual hamstrings, adductors, leg extensions and then I'm going to do two sets rather than my one set of a squat variation. Also, them 12 weeks out right now. So we're done with the first super set. I'm going to try to remember what I did just now. 180 for 20 slash 34 18 19 and then the next set was 180 for 18 and then it was 30 for 10 9 and then it was 180 for 12 plus 5 comma 34 5 plus 5. I'm going to get my Vulcan and then we'll get started with the second super set. Arms now it's on the legs. I have a beginning sore so I added an extra rest pause set to my hamstrings. I've added an extra press set to my quads. I added an extra rest pause set to both biceps and triceps. Both exercise is I'm adding a third set to add ductors and I'm going to add rest pause to calves. One rest pause set to calves. On chest I'm going from one exercise with three sets to two exercises with two sets and on lat I'm going up to I believe nine sets of back. So I'm adding volume to everything except I'm adding I'm going to be adding a high next to rest pause sets of both middle and rear delts. So pretty much everybody parts getting an extra set this week because I'm so ahead of schedule. The medium days have been starting coming up the low days are staying low. So I think that we're at that point where I'm going to start doing this with the calories because the gear is so much higher now that it was up when it was over here and then as the more gear gets added in and I start introducing a rest of the Volkary I'm still going to burn fat and I'm going to make progress probably. So I expect that I will refill whatever glycogen fullness I've lost. Maybe I'm going more to chew and micro-scopic amounts but really it's about filling out the quads the chest right now because everything else is pretty full. I forgot I'm doing two exercises the fact that I did the five sets because I did three with two rest pauses on that I forgot this this fucker God dammit well we're going to see what over training does totally forgot what I was doing and I told you guys what I was doing first too. Oh shit like you can do it in the hall. You're still still tight. Look how creepy this pimonculus of a human supposed to be look how creepy that is. Her head doesn't match her forearms or her humorous her humorous in the forearms or weird lanes her hands don't match her elbow size like her wrists is bigger than her elbow and though weird expression on her face it's like a baby giving birth to itself and you're not going to get the hamstrings with your knees bent like that. I mean you should but it doesn't really feel like it. Look at how this is arranged. It turns this is supposed to be comfortable but your legs articulate here and there's this thing in the way so there's no way to see like if your feeder up here it actually is comfortable but you're not going to get your adductors you're going to go down here for your adductors but then there's this in the way so what you're going to do is scoot all the way forward like this so that 8 plus 2 on the second set I think I got 17 here 150 was way to have me I felt like I was going to rip something once again that's why you should never listen to Paul Carter it's because 4 to 6 reps I'd be ripping shit out of the I've torn this growing twice this group set of the growing three times this hamstring five times this hamstring twice do I've never torn anything doing sets of 15 or 20 so this whole 46 reps is more hyper trophic if you're 11 if you're like 5 foot 11 150 pounds and you're lifting with less than your body weight go ahead do sets of 5 but if you're using gear or your over 40 or you even remotely strong you're going to tear your shit right off the bone no you People realize how much harder it is when you do the stretching at the end. Oh my god, 25 reps is so much harder than it sounds. I've been on the rest of the ball three, a quarter dose, one capsule out of the four, appropriate capsule for my body weight for three days. I have lost three pounds and I smell like a trucker. I don't even recognize my own body odor. It's disgusting. I can't believe women like the women smell because it is disgusting. I put on the odor and you saw me put on the odor and weird. So we need a small intermission while we collect our forces to do the main event. Oh my, I forgot my fucking ear apps. God damn, I don't want to have to walk all the way back on their mother. If you were a thud you go to the gym to exercise. You can't walk across the gym. All right, I got to go pee and get my new raps. What a pain in the butt. God damn, you all do one warm upset while I'm here. You all do one warm upset while I'm here. You all see said it's all about the angles. So that's why I use two heel wedges and that bitch. So there ain't no glutes. It's all quad because at least for classic you want the tiniest waist and glutes possible to your quad and let's look that much bigger. Plates last time, which was too much and I actually hurt my knee a little bit, which is a really pathetic thing to say. But it's true. Now I have a special track for squatting. It's always my squat music. No matter what, always. It felt so light at first and they got so heavy after some. It's all quad. I didn't feel any hamstrings. There's no any glutes. It was all quad. It's so humiliating to be on camera, struggling with just little weight. But I mechanically disadvantaged the quad so extensive. I'm doing little stuff you can't see either. Like I'm internally rotating the humorous. I'm pushing down with the big toe like this and trying to spread the floor apart while pigeon pigeon towing my feet on the press. Doing everything you're not supposed to do to be as strong as possible to deactivate the hamstrings, deactivate the glutes, deactivate this part of the quad thigh. So it's all this doing the work. Just like if you saw when I was doing the leg extensions, I was rotating at the top. That's how I was doing this spot right here. Like all of your type, puratory PhDs with the exception probably is retail. I'm going to say that's wrong. It doesn't matter if you feel it. All that matter is to see it load on the bar. Five reps, three reps from failure. That's what the study show with 135 pound 20 year old children never lifted before. Shilled no improvement with 20 reps, sets over five reps, sets. But none of that applies. You probably anyone watching this video. So I'm like the leading scientists who say that are anybody. So it's like why would anyone listen to them? It's like taking stock tips from a homeless person. Like Brad Shownfeld has a lot of research. But Brad Shownsoil looks like you break in half in a stiff wind. Not that I'm the biggest guy, but for fuck's sake, if you're going to be a researcher about hypertrophy, use your research and be credible. That would be like imagine if someone was a steroid expert and they were 150 pounds to five a lot, but we also make any sense. No one would listen to that guy. Like why would you listen to the hypertrophy experts if they're built like girls? It doesn't make any sense. Obviously the exception of this would be girls, but I don't know if any hypertrophy PhDs are girls. Ella scientific snitch. She's pretty much equivalent to a PhD in any field. She chooses to look at for 30 minutes. She's smart enough to outdo all the professors in their own subjects with an half an hour of research. She's so fucking smart. So if Ella was saying something, then I'd listen, but all of these dudes that have 12 inch arms, not that I've got the biggest arms, but still, if it's like an adult man with 12 inch arms, I'm not going to single fucking thing and says I don't care how many PhDs he has about how to lift weights. That's just fucking insane. And at the idea of the acidity that they're going to say that more than five reps doesn't work, it's just stupid. Again, it's being penny smart dollar stupid. If you get hurt, you can't train at all. So you're always safer with 12 to 20 reps than you'd ever be with less than 12 reps. You never more likely to tear something with 12 reps and you would with five. That's never going to happen. So you could say that I'm overcompensating for inferiority complex that I'm basically rationalizing why I'm using such lightweight. But I was doing eight plates at a hacksquat for 12 before I listened to Paul Carter's 46 rep bullshit and went to eight reps and hurt my quad right before prep started. So all prep I've been playing defensive with legs three times a week, three sets of leg extensions. First, to start with one press sat every seven days, then it was one press set every five days, then it was one press set every two days, now it's two press sets every two days. And had I never listened to them, buddy. And I just did what I knew was right, I probably would be doing eight plates in the hacksquat for 20 reps by now. My legs are probably three inches wider, like they were the offsies. But when you listen to the scientists that don't have muscles, what you get is hurt because I don't have any common sense that heavier the weight more gain薪 and five reps is always being薪. This is no matter how good your form is. I think that was 13 or 14 reps. A lot of Paul Carter's information is good and I've never seen him training legs though. So let's try the most important thing I ever say is, don't ever listen to that guy. I especially want to come to the rep range. If you could be that wrong about one thing, can't really trust anything that says about anything else. Now the person he takes his information from Chris Beersley, that's a smart guy. It was his graph that he made. Well, I don't know if it's accurate or not. They convinced me the three times a week training was better than two times a week. But the logic is this, let's see you're doing six sets a week. You have to admit that if you're doing three sets twice a week, the third sets worse than the second set and certainly worse than the first set, right? So you get two first sets a week. You do three times three training sessions a week, two sets each and seven and two third sets, two first sets and two second sets. You have three first sets, three second sets and no third sets. So you're just going to have higher performance for the same amount of volume. So if you can recover in forty-aours, train forty hours. So we're done with quads. Now we've got calves. And then we got abs and we got posing. And it's been four hours and 15 minutes as well as new. And it's been five reps. He even says doing five reps is better for calves than doing 20 reps. And anytime I go 10 reps on calves, I feel extreme pain in my Achilles tendon. Doesn't make any sense. Why would you ever do some do something in her's theological? They're going to argue that you progress in strength faster with five reps than you do with 15 or 20 reps. Who gives a fuck? The goal isn't to get stronger to get bigger muscles. Strength increase is a byproduct of hypertrophy. If you train for strength, you will get stronger faster due to neuromuscular adaptations. It doesn't result in the muscles getting bigger faster. That's when you get hurt and you will. Now you have to take time off. And if you tear some in bad enough, there's scar tissue. And you're going to look worse on stage. Now if you're a power lifter, never do more than five reps. But if you're not a power lifter, you're not a fucking utriding for strength for it. It's not going to help you move furniture. You're not going to punch people in the face of any harder. And in fact, hypertrophy training is more functional than strength training. Because power lifters, they accumulate a skill. Neuromuscular adaptation where you're able to contract all of your two x fibers simultaneously is skilled at having. So if you're stronger at the bench press, it doesn't mean you're going to be stronger at the squat or something. With power lifting, it's all specificity based, which means it's skill based with hypertrophy training that's not the case. That out stronger muscles, just a stronger muscle no matter what you do with it. So that whole thing about functional training is retarded. Nothing's more functional than hypertrophy training. It's just as usual, the science-based people don't have a fucking science degree. They don't know how to read a study. They don't get the perspective. They don't want to see the validity. Today is the first day in months that it's actually got hard. I think it's because I forgot to take my matcy this morning. I don't like who one million matcy every day. And I have unlimited energy today. I'm fucking exhausted. Even though the squats weren't hard, doing two sets, white me the fuck out for these calves. I know that this is going to sound like a bitch thing to say, but I'm like, I don't know where I'm going to find the energy to do the abs and the pose. I know I will, but this is my first time where I felt doubt in the middle of a workout since the off season when I wasn't using the matcy. It's funny you could be eating all those carbs and they're not going to actually help with energy if they're just turning into fat because you're in some sensitivities poor. All these motto-condule up regulators really make it effort. It's kind of embarrassing, because like you don't want to say that you rely on peptides or antibiotics or shit like that. You like to think that you're conservative or you're being health conscious, you're playing it safe by using less stuff as well as you know. Your productivity goes up through the roof when you do everything right. So I mean if I was going to say like the most important shit that isn't like test in GH, it might be Thomas Sarton, Reddit, TUTE and probably MOTC and fucking GAMCHANGERS, GHKCU if you don't want to get older. GHKCU is like a great adjunct to GH for longevity or vitality, I guess, is the proper term. Oh shit, that's rough. How you see gets abspasm, it's actually one set. Now I can get through three, I can do in these like three times a week round. That's not such a week. All right, posing time. I'm so thirsty. I didn't drink enough water during this workout or before I can grab it. Great news. I'm not partnered with Talon Wellness. That will get you your medication delivered to your home. So there's nothing that changes on your part. All you do the same thing. You get the consult with me. Link is in the description box and I take care of everything. It's just that now it is now a different HRT clinic and the lab process is going to be even smoother. The prices will also be lower than they were with the previous HRT company. So this is all good for everyone. You'll love it. Click the link in the description box. Set up your consult today and on with the show.