Hurry! You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. I'm trying to do this for the right weeks. When I come back next Saturday, it's the right week. 90 on the planet was so heavy I didn't feel any of the right sides of the last three reps that 70 was perfect. So if I get 15 with 70, I'll just go up to 75. Today, I'm this 140 was the perfect weight. I got 12 on it, so I'll try to get 15 if I start with that. And once I get 15, I'll go up five pounds. Well, the next question is, do I want to do the prime? I guess I should do the prime. You should do the prime. I'll go up five pounds. I'll go up five pounds. I'm looking for some of the blackheads, but I'm actually going to a lot of traps in this. So I'm not going to fuck with my grip because if I may have to hit my lats, my rhombides and my traps with one grip, I'm going to machine. This is like a perfect finisher. We're done with back now. I didn't weigh too many sets that I do like 12 sets, but now I know exactly what I want to do when I come this gym. Now I'm going to try these chest machines out. Normally I do like three working sets for chest, but there's more chest machines than there are back machines, which is ridiculous if you think about it. Because the back is like seven or eight muscles, lower lats, upper lats, people argue that that's not two different muscles that are wrong. That's like seeing the delts when muscle is seeing the lats when muscle. There's your rhomblides, your lower traps, your middle traps, your upper traps. That's four, that's six already, weird lats, seven. So there's this chest machine, this chest machine that's two. There's this chest machine and this chest machine. Feel like trying this one first. I'll like right from the start it's perfect. It's fucking amazing. Perfect. The first thing I did was I'll try this up and then after I had knocked out my triceps I was able to stretch up my chest, obviously it's super lightweight, but I didn't really rest after last machine. The other thing that you'd just try this up, this hit my triceps amazing, then when I went to this it was still triceps. Yes it is just a, but every chest exercise I do is still the primarily trice up workout. That's why on my volume, this is 18 plus nine. Plus nine is because at least nine of my sets for lats are at the week, I really try up and lats and I want you to three sets of chests, but since they're all pressing they're all trice up and chest and I leverage the triceps and upper chest. Okay. I think we're done with chest. I figured out what machines I like. Well look at this. So how much give there is? You can't do both arms at the same time. You never get the bottom 15 degrees. So what I do is I brace here like this. Now there's tension at the very bottom. She only has two half as many reps. It doubles the weight that for a 15 degrees. Now I'm focused on taking the full rest. Well, the power lift is your here. Time to show off how we're not strong. All right. You never get a burn like that in your middle delts on half the fucking lateral machines. If you use this machine wrong in the right way then it works fucking amazing. Oh man there's that much give fuck. Why do they do that? Why is there that much give? What the fuck? So let's use this now. Fuck. All right. Look at this shit. What the floppy shit is this? To the engineers like loose pluses and why the fuck would they like loose machines? Doesn't make any fucking sense. Great news. I am now partnered with Talon Wellness. Talon Wellness will be able to provide you your medication. So you get your consult with me. I will review the blood work you got through M&M Labs and Talon will be the HRT clinic that will get you your medication delivered to your home. So there's nothing that changes on your part. All you do the same thing. You get the consult with me link is in the description box and I take care of everything is just that now it is now a different HRT clinic and the lab process is going to be even smoother. The prices will also be lower than they were with the previous HRT company. So this is all good for everyone. You'll love it. Click the link in the description box to set up your consult today and on with the show.