Hurry! You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. So I'm all set for arms. Now I'm going to do mobility stuff and then do legs. That's just like doing legs three times a week. It's not much of a leg workout. It's just enough to get them slightly sore. To hang on to them, launch and prop. I mean, it's not like I'm going to be growing legs right now. I might grow arms because they're small muscles. Doesn't take a lot to grow an arm. These are a lot of stimulus, but this is going to be a lot of nutrition. But if you can easily lose your legs if you over-trained on prop. So by doing three times a week, I'm doing a three sets of leg curls. I would normally do three sets of adductors and one set of press. But even that press is a cluster set. But today I kind of want to try out. I thought I wanted to try to bunch a different if you did equipment. I don't think I want to. I think I'm going to try out a pendulum squat and their power squat. But I'll try loosening up with the leg extension. My lower back is fucked right now. I don't know what happened to it. When is that ever happened? You got the scoop around top rather than buried in the ship. So this might badl mean the intro work I developed on the lids. I mean everything's wet but nothing works. I can make the sexist choke play. I don't think any more trouble than Maria. Alright, death all I better. I thought my backpops. That probably was what it was. That was too heavy. Wow, 60 was too heavy. So it's funny. My goal was to one set on each piece of equipment. But this is hitting so hard and so good. I almost don't want to roll the dice on anything else. I got to work so it's already. And I feel like I've got I haven't got it just right yet. I think setting to in 50 pounds. That's going to be the sweet spot. We're never going to make it home for food. Do you want to stop and get sushi in the way? Okay. Because it is my medium game. I'm able to actually have food today. I could just like get three rolls. And that might actually fill me up enough for the car right home. This is so weird. It's so heavy. But it's heavy in like a good way. Like it's not heavy at the bottom. It's like perfect. Heavy. I'm sorry, medium. Medium heavy. Heavy. Medium heavy. Heavy. Heavy. Medium heavy. Medium. So you don't feel like you're going to tear anything. But you can get a full contraction. And so you can't. And then you're just fucking done. Alright. I still feel like I have to try this machine. Oh, this looks like it's going to be awesome. I feel like I'm on a ride. Oh my god. This is so good. It was like no weight on this. It feels amazing. Oh. You're doing it. You're doing it. You're doing it. Oh, I need to. You need to. You need to. You need to. You need to. You need to. You need to. You need to. You need to. You need to. You need to. You need to. You need to. Holy shit. I was a perfect set of 15. I just guessed. I guess in all the settings. I guess in the way. Perfect set of 15. I think I got like 16.1. I think I got a little bit of a 16th rep. That is one of the best. That is the best one I could ever use. He met his way. He went to best. See the hamstring. So remember how I said. I'm not coming here for arms and legs. I'm clearly coming here for legs. I guess maybe I'll sit arms on the way. And then I'll come here after arms. I'll hit arms in the morning. Come here. Hit legs of night. Does that arm work? I kind of sucked. Maybe I was just too hungry. Get in there. There you go. Wow. This is too like though. But this is still going to warm up the knees a little bit. I don't like how this flaps around on my ankle. I like the depth that I get. I got the stretch. But I don't like how it flaps around my ankle. I'm getting there bitch. Definitely not easy to use this one. I'm not loving this machine. It's not bad but I don't like how flaps around my ankles. I want to try to pet between here and here. I don't want it on my foot. I would say that this on a one to ten even though you can get super deep. The ankle thing makes it down from a ten to like a three. Now for a taller person. This is probably like a ten. Let's try the other one. Oh that's nice. Oh that's so much more comfortable. The other one is so uncomfortable and they ain't cool. I'm going to try and get the other one. I'm going to try and get the other one. I'm going to try and get the other one. I'm going to try and get the other one. That's it. The two sets here once at there. Technically I have met my quarter for quads and ham. Normally I should be doing a ad dr before quads. Now I'm going to turn these shoes into better squat shoes. This is from squat university. This is the medium verset wedge. This is the heavy verset wedge. Heavy verset wedge goes on the bottom. It creates a much steeper slope and these shoes are already have a hole through them. Notice there's already a three inch gradient. I've also got the soles from squat universities. They've vanished to these reboxes. These are Nike's. They don't have narrow ass feet. All the squat shoes are made from narrow ass feet. People make sure wonder what kind of people by squat shoes. None of them figured out. GH makes your feet wider. It's like all the science is done on natural people. That's why it's useless. Like that four to reps, four to six rep full shit. That would only be useful on natural people. Let's see here. I'll get my head out. Where is it coming from? What the oh it's that. Not gonna lie even with a little bit of weight. Even with no weight. It's still uncomfortable. I've 46 years old. I don't think chances. It'd be very hard to do a cluster set on this because it's so much time to rack it. If you only get 10 seconds between micro sets, there'd be no way to rack it. You can stand up with it, but they're not really relieved yet in that much tension. So I'm better off going for one straight set. I know what you're thinking. You're thinking this motherfucker's not gonna grow any legs. Doing three sets of leg extensions and one squat at some machining press. You're right. But it's three times a week. So I really do in 12 sets, not four sets a week. Are you doing 12 sets? All right. Those are 11 reps. Which is pretty pathetic if you think about it, but boy did I feel it all right here. It was all under a squat. Didn't feel anything here. Didn't feel anything here. Nothing here. Nothing back there. It was literally all right here. So I could go for another set. But honestly, priority one is not being sore on Sunday and fucking up my second work. So I did three sets of leg extensions of failure. One of them was beyond failure because I did a rest boss. And that was very near failure. Maybe I had one more rep in me. And I want to keep going. I want to go for another set. I could do another set. But I might not be fully recovered by Sunday. And that's gonna negatively affect my logbook, which means I'm gonna have to reload Sunday. So is it worth it to get one more set today in those three sets on Sunday? No. So if I under did it today, probably not, but if I did, that's okay. Because I know exactly what I did. I can do more next time. I do legs here. So I like the hamstring machines here. I like that leg extension machine. I like this squat press. Now let's go try that add up here. So this is in the way. What's the point of this thing? Oh. Is that over estimated it? It was too late, and I jumped too many pegs, and it was too heavy. And ergonomically, it's made for you to do this. It's not made for you to do it the way I was doing it. But the problem is when you do this, I'm not really getting your add up. You know, a whole bunch of shit. See if you're add up just yet, because you're like something like this. Yeah. That's add up just. So rest three minutes and go for one good set. I'll leave you two sets of these three times a week, because I tore my groin at the end of the offseason. I've always doing three sets every five days. I was doing four sets of hamstring, three sets of add up. There's three sets of like extensions, two sets of. The presses either. Hacks it was hack squats specifically every five days. And the best leg progress in my life. Then I listened to Paul Carter and he said to do at most eight reps. So I took the safety band off the hack squat machine. And I was doing sets of eight. And I started doing sets of ten or twelve. Not sets of like eight, but since it's like ten or twelve, we can hamstrings. Start doing sets of twelve with add up. I didn't chip all the way to his crazy four to six shit. But I was like, I can go from two on either twelve reps. Tear, tear, tear, tear. So no, I didn't chip all the way to the four to six bracket. I didn't even jump into eight. So I feel it's my public duty to warn people. If you're over 40, if you're strong or if you've ever used gear, do not listen to Paul Carter, but the four to six reps. So I feel it's my public duty to warn people. If you're over 40, if you're strong or if you've ever used gear, do not listen to Paul Carter, the four to six reps shit. I'm not saying that anything else he says is false. But the four to six reps is bullshit. If you're on gear, your muscles grow so much faster than attendance. That, yeah, some natural guy this four to six reps with a certain weight. And in hand, sky might be doing twelve to twenty with that weight. You don't see any of the pro body, but there's other than the tearing, shruff and doing four to six reps. So we're done here. Now that you see it, calves and donkey cap machines right there. If I don't do calves after you lugs, I get plantar fesiatas. It's busy. It's full hook. Oh, we got some room. We got lost room. All right. That's too much. There. This looks like I can get up to about eight hundred fifty pounds on this. It started with six hundred and seventy from my warm up sat. Let's see. A little deeper. Right after I tell you not to do four to six reps, I guess six reps. But that's different because I just got twelve reps to set before. It's not like my prime set was four to six reps. That's this in count if it's your second son. I'm going to give it a full three minute rest. I think that was twelve reps. In my experience of bass sets are twenty to twenty five. Obviously I just went with what was on the machine and went to failure three times. You're first in the gym, you're just feeling shut out. So I'm not going to cap this as a loss. Great news. I am now partnered with Talon Wellness. Talon Wellness will be able to provide you your medication. So you get your consult with me. I will review a blood work you got through M&M labs and Talon will be the HRT clinic that will get you your medication delivered to your home. So there's nothing that changes on your part. All you do the same thing. You get the consult with me. Link is in the description box and I take care of everything. It's just that now it is now a different HRT clinic and the lab process is going to be even smoother. The prices will also be lower than they were with the previous HRT company. So this is all good for everyone. You'll love it. Click the link in the description box to set up your consult today and on with the show. I'm with the show.