Worry! You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. If Mommy was close to committing sin, I would be a fool silly old man, I wouldn't beaph All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. It was the bass set of pull ups in my life. Let's see if this second set looks good too. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, now we're gonna do something else. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so that was really hard even though it's very light but I felt it really good. I'm having a hard time staying awake. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. It's not even heavy, I just so tired. I was 179, today's ago. I was 174 today. I'm going to board this shit. I'm going to switch up her back. That's just too much bracing. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. I should have used the massage gun on my pack and my neck before I came. But what's the point if you're this dehydrated, it's not going to release. Everything's got glued down, nothing's oiled. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. A We'reateurs of Echo Trees Our racing team beni Le Kuerdalla van fraha, Sanber van, Das Bertanz Who will recognize you without any motive? Who'll see me? Why don't you be Ore? Give me your way, guess which one? Who will change your mind? It's too dangerous to leave what you truly addressed Are you really contre someone? You're here to Flow! words, words, words, words, words, words, words, words, words. words, words, words, words, words. I just have that is a way to go. That's the only other way. That's the only one that is needed to go. That's the only way to go. That's the only way to go. That's the only way to go. That's the only way to go. That's the only way to go. They don't have my usual machine for the chest. So I'm using this shoulder press with a really big arc to get my upper chest. Now normally I would go and setting four and do 150 for a lot of reps. But after training with Janekki, I've now retot myself how to stretch the chest. So I'm going to seat one, some game much deeper, and I have to use a lot less weight. I estimated one ten would be appropriate with two heavy. So I'm going to 90 now. I take my shoes off because there's no grip on those shoes. That's the only way to go. Those perfect sets. I'm going to do one more set here. Then I'm going to call it for chest. I was supposed to do four sets. Two RAR. I've just done two sets, zero RAR, which means instead of getting nine effective reps. I just got ten effective reps. Workout all prep was like a three out of ten. This is like a zero. If the perceived exertion on workouts got up to nine on leg days and these workouts were like a four or three. This workouts like a ten in hardness. This is like harder than a leg day. I'm going to see if I can just do middle delts and arms tomorrow instead before checking. This is brutal. We're going to go over there to that table station where the energy is going to be better because there's lots of people staring. We're going to go over there. We're going to go over there. We're going to go over there. We're going to go over there. We're going to go over there. We're going to go over there. We're going to go over there. We're going to go over there. We're going to go over there. We're going over there. We're going over there. We're going over there. We're going over there. We're going over there. We're going over there. We're going over there. We're going over there. We're going over there. We're going over there. We're going over there. We're going over there. What do you think about when we finish up with arms here? I stand where you're at. We can still do it again when we get to the hotel. We're going over there. We're going over there. We're going over there. This sucks. I'm making shit for this. I'm not so stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid.