Hurry! You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. It was just, oh my god, dude. All I did was say that four units is a baby dose. And I think the reason why people were so angry is because what they subconsciously feel is a shame that they can't afford more. So they are basically reacting to me. I make them feel bad about themselves. They can't afford more. So they're mad at me and they also have rationalized to themselves. They don't want more, not because they can't afford more. But that it's the wrong thing to do more because they're convinced they'll get cancer. They're hands and feet will grow, but not their dick. And that, of course, they're going to have bad blood sugar. When the whole point was, if you're going to use more than four units, split it up throughout the day so you get more spikes in IGF1. But they fixate on these emotions that they're feeling and then lash out about it. And it's like, it doesn't matter if I look like Jordan Hutchinson or John Jewelter not. I look better than I did before. So therefore I'm successfully building the body. So it doesn't matter, it's just so weird at this culture. And what's funny is the previous video about training didn't get nearly as much anger and hatred out of it. The full length interview got incredibly positive responses. Only one or two people were upset about it. And he would just comment over and over and over again. But for some reason the term baby does for four units, it's just freaked people the fuck out. And they had to lash out and I think it really has to do with income and and or they're afraid to use more. And so they've convinced themselves they don't want to use more because they can't afford it. I keep looking at this David bar and thinking it's a dog bar. I had my first food cravings. Or I have what? Dandruff? Okay from my beard. I might look like shit, but I don't look like shit for 46. So a little bit of new programming. Only got two weeks left. And I really can't handle the volume. So it took two days off. And now I'm just going to basically split arms and legs up into two different days. So on an optimal perfect world scenario, it'd be upper body than the next day as arms. And then third day as legs than the fourth day as off. But nothing's going to work out like that. Like for example, I'm starting with legs right now. So I'm going to do legs today, upper body tomorrow, arms Monday, probably Tuesday, off than Wednesday will probably be upper body again Thursday. I'm supposed to have a meeting with the guys from advanced games either Thursday or Friday. So hopefully that what enhanced games basically the juiced Olympics that I'm meeting with them Thursday or Friday for a video conference call. I'm going to ideally hit legs on Thursday, but I'm going to put that call first because this is a big deal. So if I have to take Thursday off, that's fine. Then I'll do the legs the next day. So in theory, worst case scenario. No, I really don't want to do that because I want to be able to hit legs Saturday and make it the last last leg day. So today's Saturday and we're hitting legs, ideally I hit legs in the middle of the week again, like Wednesday. Yes, that would work better. Hit legs Wednesday, then hit upper body either Thursday or Friday, then hit arms Friday. Legs again Saturday, Sunday would be another, either upper body or legs depending on how it worked. I just forgot what I said Monday. I want to leave really early, leave like early Monday, drive all day Monday, drive all day Tuesday. Maybe get there, then sleep nearby, then Wednesday will have the time to train, check in, probably upper body, Thursday, arms, and then Friday is the show. Everything subject to change because Dom is changing my food daily right now. I had two back to back medium days, today's a low day and then he's going to give me another medium day tomorrow. So do I have all the fat off? No, but at this point peaking is more important than just getting off a quarter pound of fat or half a pound of fat. I still got some glute striations at the bottom of the glutes, which you're peaking through and since it's classic physique, the trunk cover all my glutes anyway except for the very little bottom at the bottom. So as long as the part that's showing his striations, having striations in the part of the glutes that isn't showing, is it a priority. You know, I mean, like I'd rather be full with a nine point with a nine conditioning than flat with a ten conditioning when you can't see the difference, which is glutes. So do I have all the fat off? No, but at this point peaking is more important than just getting off a quarter pound of fat. So do I have all the fat off? No, but at this point peaking is more important than just getting off a quarter pound of fat. So do I have all the fat off? No, but at this point peaking is more important than just getting off a quarter pound of fat. So do I have all the fat off? No, but at this point peaking is more important than just getting off a quarter pound of fat. So do I have all the fat off? No, but at this point peaking is more important than just getting off a quarter pound of fat. So do I have all the fat off? No, but at this point peaking is more important than just getting off a quarter pound of fat. So do I have all the fat off? No, but at this point peaking is more important than just getting off a quarter pound of fat. No, but at this point peaking is more important than just getting off a quarter pound of fat. Two Rappin Cries. One up two Rapps. So that two Rapp stays made a difference. I was definitely overtraining. That doesn't mean that my volume was wrong. But we were a couple weeks where we did six load days in a row on a medium day and I think I dug myself in the fucking ground. Now that I'm getting like, it was two medium days, three load days, two medium days, three load days. Now I got two medium days loaded and then I'm going to get two more medium days. I think that with spreading the volume out. So I'm hitting everything once every four days, rather than once every two days, my strength can explode. I'm going to fill right the fuck up. It's going to look great. I'm really impressed with Tom's ability to peek. Me bring me in right, just right. And yeah, I'm two weeks out from the first show, but I'm five weeks out from the third show. So I don't, I care. I care that I'm not the most conditioned member of my entire life, but my hamstrings glutes. My quad definition. I mean, I've got a really good look where it's usually the lower body looks kind of soft. It doesn't look soft right now. So I got a little greedy because I got 13 with 70 and it started training to a long exercise. I increased the load to 80, which is most of my everything. Then I got five, which is the dad minimum amount of reps you want to get. So next week, which I'm next Saturday, specifically, I will do eight reps, probably maybe 10 with 80, and then I'll back it off to 70, try to match it. I love when you dress whether appropriate for the gym, that it's actually the same temperature inside the gym is outside. The ice top from your fascia sale. heavy Okay The wise put him alone intricate surprises and challenges To ace the platform of your mission Flesient I think that was a lot of, I'm not sure. So last week I did two things I increased from five total plates, the six total plates, and I dropped the semi roller and moved my feet further down the platform. There was two big increases at once, and I didn't like the way it made my right knee feel. So this week I'm backing off to five plates from six total plates, and it felt much better. It felt like it turned the music off completely. That's amazing. So on paper I got the same amount of wraps, but I bet if we went and looked at the three-week out video and compared it to, oh you weren't here for that. Well if I had a camera set up last Saturday I'm pretty sure that this would have looked better even though it was less load. And I did get a lot of quad stimulation on this, which ironic is even though I've been completely training around my glutes, so every press is all quad's no glutes. My glutes don't look worse if anything they look better. Three minutes might be enough of a rust. I don't really feel that tax because during legs right out the gate rather than coming in here doing a 30-bit or 45-minute arm workout, then doing legs I've had feel like I have so much more energy. Maybe because I had two rust days, maybe because I had two medium days with those rust days, but this is so much less miserable than I have been the last few weeks training legs after you arms. Plus I don't have to scream over the music because this nice man turned off the music for us. So my hips went out of post-year public tilt and to anterior public tilt. Recruiting glutes, that's how I know I was done. It's bikini pre-introducing 2009. When I got 7 reps, there's some reason I counted 9. Actually always memorize your sets, settings. It's one of the most important things you can do even more important than the load and the wraps is the settings because you're never going to get hurt. I'm going to phrase this. You can easily get hurt if the settings are wrong. 10 plus 1. I went up 10 pounds too. Let's see what I did last time. Guilty because I did the Sissy squats in the Hacksquad. Not traditional Hacksquads. So I didn't use that much weight. So I feel like I'm a pussy, but I got right in the rep range I want to be in. 10 to 12 for the first set and I definitely went to failure. Now the quads failed. It feels shameful to use such little weight, but the goal is to make the quads bigger, especially with sweeps. The inside of my legs. I could use bigger adductor, my rectus, my vasarrectus, my medialis, my sartorias. They all look good. It's the sweep that needs the work. So in case you didn't know the structuring, I go to ham to quad to ham to quad. Three adductor, three calves. This week, I'm going to pull down the adductor in the calves, the two sets. Even though we don't need to, I'm not going to be growing more adductors or calves. This week, the third sets the least important set. That's it. Nothing really intelligence to say down there. Just goes to show I can feel completely energized, relative to other workouts, but squeezing out that last half a rep murdered my second set. Had I stopped at 10 reps on the first set, I probably would have gotten the eight reps for seven reps on the second set. But because I forced that partial rep, I only got five reps a second set. So in case you didn't know the structuring, I go to ham to quad to quad. This week, I'm going to pull down the adductor in the calves, the two sets. The second set is the same, but it's the same, but it's the same. So in case you didn't know the structuring, I go to ham to quad. So I'm really excited about after the first show when we're driving a Texas from Florida, and we're going to stop at New Orleans. So I was watching a creepiest things in New Orleans on YouTube. There's a cemetery that's closed, so I'm going to try to figure out a way for us to make it not close to us so we can get some exclusive footage from inside, said cemetery. I'm not staying the name of that cemetery because that shows permutation, but maybe bearing some material be there and opening it up for us when we get there. Also, I wanted you to like an ant rice tour where you really get taken to the different sites. Like this is the swamp, let's not stop body, let's dump them cool stuff like that. To me, a lot to do in one day, but I don't think guys have ever been in New Orleans either. And I know Kai is like me, parties and beads, this is really his thing. I'm going on coast, haunted ghost tours and seeing good food stuff and like the graves of famous foodoo practitioners would be way more fun. I feel so good. Oh shit, look right there. Just saw some feathering I'd never seen before. It just occurred to me that I've got endurance posing after this. That's really intimidating. The endurance posing is going to be different now because I mastered the other form. Now it's three front poses in a row, then I think I get like a 10 second rest, then three side poses. Let me phrase that, it's three front poses with a 10 second hold in a row. It's a pretty much 30 seconds to continue as vacuums. I'll get like a little breath in between each pose. Then a 10 second rest, then three side poses, same formula, then three rear poses, which fuck me, that's not hard at all because you can breathe in the rear poses. It's the form of it, it's the place of the way of the night, it's the thing that you're not seeing in the whole world. It's the world, it's the place of the year this night. What's the difference between the world and the truth and the truth? What's the difference between the world and the truth? You're a good person, but you're a spirit, but you're a spirit. What's the difference between the world and the truth? You're a world, it's the place of the year this night. What's the difference between the worlds? And the world is the place of the year this night. I'm part of our war, war, war, war, war, war, war, war, war, war, war! No sometimes... Thanks for watching. We're gonna set your power up and take that into the corner. I'll be your criminal, I'll be your criminal. I'll be your criminal, I'll be your criminal. You're gonna kill me. I'll still return to my touch by the way, You're in space, what's the point? What's the point? I'll turn over to my arms forever. I get it. I get this all out, I get it. I'll still come over to my arms forever. I'll be your criminal, I'll be your criminal. I get this all out. So this is a perfect example of when the judgment plays a factor. If I got 14 the first set and seven the second set probably don't need to do a third set. Not a sheet. Need is a relative trend. The juices of worth the squeeze. Not two weeks out. So like let's say I got 15 reps the first set and 14 reps the second set. Absolutely you should probably do a third set. Those were hardest fuck those seven reps every one of them was hard. I'd rather make a little bit of progress and do two sets twice a week than make no progress doing what I was doing which was three sets three times a week. If I can make progress in four sets and I wasn't making progress in nine sets then nine sets is clearly beyond MRV. 40 for 15 for set one. 140 for 10 for set two I still packed it away. This time I got 150 I think for 13 and then 150 for seven. So I started off this workout strong but I am fizzling out hard already. I'm only five exercises into it. So taking arms off of leg day was smart. I'm only five. I'm only five. I'm only five. I'm only five. I'm only five. But it's just like the way you say. I'm only five. I'm only five. I don't even know how many I got but that was a fair amount. Now all we got is abs and pose and we've been doing this for like an hour or ten minutes. So rather than this being a three hour workout it's only going to be like a 90 minute workout tops because the arms took so much out of me that I had to drag myself through the leg workout whereas I was half with you the leg workout before I even realized that it was in the leg workout. It was way more energy. I'm only five. I'm only five. I'm only five. I'm only five. I'm only five. I'm only five. I'm only five.