We're here! You're watching Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. We're not going to make it. There is no point to this. I should just make the right meal and ten ourselves. Since ten years, I was just going to be better than them, ten anyway. I hate conformity 45 from wherever the fuck I'm going to. I cannot remember anything right now. 60 minus 26. There. 4.5 plus the two is just meal too. I have this is so small. Who the fuck writes in the cathartis model? So four, okay yeah that's fine. Okay so I can substitute. No. The fuck is going on. We're not going to make it. I can't think straight at all. I made this for nothing. I guess I made this for you 25 grams of fat. So that's like three thin layers on six rice cakes. A little bit of chicken. And there and off. It's in here the night. I guess it's just a fucking man. Honey how much honey? It's like 11 ingredients for a meal when you have no ability to think. It's so much harder. I can't even measure the honey. I'm going to have to eyeball it. So what am I even stressing about? So six rice cakes. We're going to miss this. Four six rice cakes. Honey. I'm going to butter it all that. So it's one piece of chicken is the only thing that matters. This is such stupid. I'm going to put my chicken in with your chicken because otherwise what the fuck am I doing? I just need to call him because this is just too much. Man my brain's not working and I'm having a hard time assembling this meal and we need to be there in eight minutes to get. Yeah, meal two is what I'm trying to cook but because I'm cooking meal two I'm going to miss at 845. So should we just say fuck it? Make the meal right and then do the top coat here or should I just go there and hopefully they'll just find and make it happen. No, so if you're eating the one that's done right. Right. Okay, so I would just not don't worry about cooking the rice and I'm just going to give you more rice cakes and more honey for meal two and said. All right, so my calculations is at six rice cakes instead of two rice cakes, the same amount of honey and I would just be using the almond butter on the rice cakes for the fat supply. So I'm changing the whole meal as we are on the phone. All right. So I'll send you a screenshot of the meal and then we're going to go. But what I'm worried about is I'll get there and then we'll like fuck you, Chad. We're not going to pay you. All right, cool. All right, thanks man. All right, thanks buddy. Reason why they say 845 is last call. Are they leaving at 845 so that everyone gets right at 830? I'm sure they will stay after. And that's what he said. He says, Todd, you're a prod. They're going to pinch you. So okay. 1060 in four seconds in a station wagon. You're the soccer mama can. I am never like and the reason why I relate is because the rice wasn't ready. I should have cooked all my meals for the day last night. That's completely different from the only. So what we're going to get six rice cakes with about six grams of almond butter each and about five grams of honey. So what I'm going to do is to make the almond butter last, I'm going to make a sandwich. So I'm going to have three rice cakes sandwiches and one chicken strip. And I don't remember putting a metric fuck time assault. I'm like God damn thing but I suppose you're so right, I'm just going to pour them in my mouth. What the fuck? Why am I in the hands? What is going on? All right, go. Nothing pisses me off more than fucking indecisive bitches. I always find it weird like when women have a eye with a man's voice. I'm more like, I thought you guys hate them. This mark is, I have a man's voice. Just in using a eye, just as they're on reliable. They're on reliable. They're like having a very unintelligent person who sounds like who's a no-one on. Yeah. They give you very clear definitive confidence answers that are wrong all the time. Hey, one of the girls called me boo, we just today wanted to choose a candy way. Yeah. What does that mean? What do you mean? It's funny. Okay, so if you're completely naked, you're a dick-sing-a-mail and they're on their knees in front of you, taking your socks off and they call you boo. That's about a than average sign right here. I think so. It's a very specific circumstance and they're seeing a lot of like naked dudes in that so whole out of dicks, it's a whole out of dicks. So see through my face, my body, or the combination of the three, unless you call it's everyone boo, so that we feel more comfortable being naked. All right, all right, all we gotta do is walk in and get painted. Oh my god. It says it's like all the way over there. Do you know how to get there in foot? It's showing us how to drive there. That was that before a keyboard warrior. And like, but you would have gotten a ticket. I don't give a fuck about your tickets. How much does the ticket? 100 bucks? Fuck you. I don't live in Florida. What are they going to do about it? They're going to be like, well, you had to get here at 845. I was like, I told you yesterday I would not be able to get here at 845. It is not going to happen. Not a fucking chance. I'm going to make it here at 845. We could have done a better job at home. Now we're going to have to turn on and go all the way back and get hand painted. Anyway, fucking hate these tending companies. They're so unprofessional. The show is at 12. Let's get painted at 845. Said no one with a brain ever. When I checked in for the North American, I pulled up. I'm the red curb walking side checked in. Walked out. Took the ticket. Ripped it up and drove away. I was like, nobody thinks no one has a brain. I don't live in Pittsburgh. What are they going to do? Look at all the parking spots. I'm so glad I parked a half a mile away. I don't need exercise. I don't want you to know a parking lot. Right there. You drive North Tammy, Ammy Trail. Yeah, look my balls, bitch. There's a fucking business right there. But it's free parking. Well, I know. I want to save money on parking and then not get painted. That's the smart thing to do. You're ready into the show for 12 grand. Why not just blow it all for 20? There's a parking lot right there. I don't think this is the right fucking hotel. This is worse than expected it to be. I thought that this would be a nightmare to have to go to a third location to get painted. What is a nightmare? And it's not even going to be as good. Thank you, sir. We were 22 minutes late. We have five or six. I don't remember. Okay, we'll hit them both. We'll be that kid. We'll be done, believe me. Time was your appointment yesterday. Yesterday, 515. A lady told me to park your captain Jack. And I hope I brought all the food. I think I brought the salt. I think I brought my shaker empty. I don't remember if I did or not. Pick a dirty shaker out of the trunk and put that gross ass element. I don't know if I even put salt on this. I don't think there was a meal to put salt on. So it's supposed to get four more grams of salt as well. Oh my god, it's cold. What the fuck? I'm pretty sure I brought a lot of bottles, but I may not. I don't normally rush out the door like this. It's a bad choice to come here for tanning. I knew it was about a choice to tan our selves. We would have saved two hours and we wouldn't have forgotten anything. Well, we'll see how it looks and then we'll do our tanning tomorrow and we'll have comparison. It's better to experiment with the low probability success than experiment with the high probability of success. Although they're both experiments. This is the sheep way. Tomorrow would be the innovative way. If I knew I'd have to walk up, I would have just fucking pulled up my car. Got out and left it there. We'd be done before they could have told it. You're like, you're such an asshole. I'd rather be an asshole who succeeds. This is frustrating. I think this is diaside. This crushed up shit. I can't let them fucking get stared at you here. Here's one archfire aggro. Here's an amoeir. That fucking damn it. It's hard to separate out the whites, but I don't know what they are from the colors that I do. Whatever idiot manufacturers pills that are white needs you to shot. Right, half of an anagro. I don't know half of a win or something. So 25, 25, 25, and then 50. Now in here and they I got a half of a tamaxis fin. A half of a diaside. I'll just show him. But like this one, I think it is. This is why phone calls are so much better than tax messaging. As I just needed a quick answer. Do I eat in the heat and sweat off my pain? Or do I wait 15 minutes and eating the air conditioning and that's what I'm in my pain and not getting my car covered in honey. Which is it. So in the event that I didn't respond to me, I'm just going to do what I would do normally. That's why phone calls with a coach is a million times better. All right, I wonder if I can set this up so it will work flow. I'm just taking a quarter, one of those quarters. Uh-huh. That take that with take that now and then so we're assuming is a quarter of a hydro chloro. Right, six milligrams. Yeah, that's all I want to use. So just take that and then drive over the venue, eat your meal. You probably won't be on a safe to like on most 12 anyway. So we're good. All right, I can't take it right now and I'm because I'm driving. But as soon as I pull over, I'll take the six point two five hydro chloro, walk in with the cooler and then sit down on the floor and eat my rice cakes, honey and almond butter. Yes, sir. All right, but you still have water. You still have that water from the meal. I have meal to his water and I have all the salt from meal to that I haven't put in anything yet because I didn't know where to put the salt and it's supposed to go on the rice cakes or the water. Either one's fine. Okay. And you want 30. Put some of the salt like on the rice cakes and then just use the honey and almond butter to make it stick and then then obviously puts it in your then put salt in the water like I have for you. All right, sounds good. Yep, and I'll be there soon. We're about to leave. Okay, cool. See you soon. All right, see you later. See how much easier the phone call is rather than the fucking tax messages. We wasted eight minutes trying to get a response from a tax message. Phone call was like the ones minute. I don't understand why anyone tax messages is the worst way to communicate with anyone about anything. Oh, I guess if they've got a siv brain, I may can't remember. I don't know. It's the book, but you just said it could have turned green. But you could get a ticket. I get pulled over all the time. I've gotten like two tickets in my life for a day. But excuse me officer, first of all, I roll the window down and I hold my driver's license registration and strings out the window so that they have no concern for their safety at all. I'm like, hi officer, how are you today? Doing good. Do you know I pulled you over? Not a clue officer. Well, you were speeding really. I was. The autopilot supposed to be set. I don't know what's going on with that. Why does once you know I really appreciate you for keeping the road safe? Okay, well, if your record's clean, I'm just going to give you the warning. Thanks officer. You're the best. And you don't get a ticket. Now, if you like, what you want? Why you pull me over? Then you're not going to, you're going to get a ticket or a rest of it. That's simple. What's up? We're here. Time to kick some ass and need some rice cakes. Everyone thinks it's funny that I do shit like this. Just so people don't think I'm a keyboard warrior. You're so arrogant. Who are you to take this empty table and use it to eat? I don't know. Like, I have been a thousand dollars to do the show. Okay. Which disgusting flavor will we use? Let's do citrus salt. This grapefruit of in the giant of flavor. Let's do that. This is like the highlight. This is like my favorite part of the show is getting to munch down on my favorite tree. That was enthusiastic. The salt kind of ruins. Luckily, I took salted caramel. I was trying to anticipate everything. I forgot the hot stuff, which would have caused more basketball there. So tomorrow we're going to our own coat and do hot stuff. They've just got the normal glaze here. At some point this booth is going to show up. You're like, you're in my booth. My guy, I'm I'm going to stay in your booth. I'm done eating. Well, tell me, protein bar should get to sample today. Enjoy finding gluten free ones. Normally, go a little bit thicker with the almond butter. Bad on me. Let's mean my first time getting to use battle meaning for battle. I've never such a compliment makes it that he liked my formula. I'd like someone telling you your kids are pretty. Well, let's start with the outfit. I've got to have to have the adopted kids that were pretty. I wouldn't give a fuck. I figured someone pays 500 dollars for this booth. I shouldn't spread salt all over it. This smidge, I'm glad you said, how much is this smidge less than a bit? I just think it's beautiful. That would drive me nuts. I could not work with Christophe's. You know, he like, he, uh, I've so crisp, total and I are good friends. And we were chill in at the hotel one day, uh, one of these shows. And I go, I go, how was it working there? He's like, bro, you'd wake up and he'd be like, you look great. What's he yesterday? And he'd be like, oh, whatever, I eat the one. He's like, stew it again today. Go to five guys. Have two burgers, one fry in a coke. What size fries? What size coke? What goes on the burger? I would be so stressed out. My core is all going through the roof. I'd rather have you be precise and I'm closer minus 10%. Then you give me just like, oh yeah. And I'm like, like, what are we doing? Okay. Oh, you asked if I sat down. Oh, you asked if I sat down. It's actually a little bit. What's your name? Amber. Amber. Big fan. All right. Cool. What's up? They're like, we saw you from the Nile video. I'm like, oh, people thought I was an asshole. They're like, we did. I was like, so if you're doing three shots, two, three shots. But if I'm taking 26 drugs, I'm like, and do you be doing three shots? I mean, I'm like, I'm going to be doing 26 shots. Or am I going to load the syringe and just up with as much as I can fit? And they're like, well, I guess when you put it that way. I was like, well, it looks like somebody didn't watch the video. They just watched five seconds I'm going to decide they were big. And I was a big. And then I walked past the first premiere and like, hey, what's up, Chris? He's like, yeah. So he's still mad about the debauchem and I guess. Why would you say? I said, debauchem is the Florida man of animal Alex. You know that you know that someone uses debauchem that they've been brain powers enough to where they think wrestling and gators are a good idea. And then thumbnail was a one arm dude wrestling and alligator in like a hockey chunk bar because he commented he's like, oh, he's debauchem. It put on 20 30 pounds. I was like, did you also not have access to testosterone at the time? He's like, yeah, I'm like, well, then there you go. It was a estrogen pro hormone that's all debauchem. But all they hear is you use debauchem stupidness. I didn't say that. I just said the dumbest people on the planet you Steve was not. I even seen the video just because you use debauchem doesn't make you stupid. Chances are. Yeah. You pull it up. I can't remember exactly. It was a good one. Oh, I got amazing. Play him the trend spucking awesome. What are we up to? 50,000? It was 13 hours, 50,000. I'm on the phone with Dina and I go, yeah, Todd took a claw, a Sarah cool, the dress that only sleeps. She goes, what the fuck? She knows her primary college. Is it MP? Okay. At this point, I don't know what the fuck I'm feeling. I either am raging or I'm fucking happy. There's nothing in between. Well, you're happy today, so that's good. I'm like, not on the drive over here. They told us to park a captain's jacket, right? It was three fucking blocks away in 90 degree weather. I'm like, well, this was bright. I'm gonna melt off the top coat. Good thing I'm missing needles to melt off my top coat. I was like, I should have just done this in the fucking hotel room. I was like, well, we'll do that tomorrow. We'll do the top coat in the hotel room tomorrow and see how I look. Yeah. Because I had a 17 people, my probability of getting top 5's a lot lower than today, which is probably 100% with five people. Yeah, that worked on the night. We're going for a win, brother. Really? Fuck yeah, you crazy? You think open? No. All right. He's master's class. Yeah. Sorry. I love you, but no, no. Now you're just Logan Franklin. No. Dude, I would never trust you if you said yes. I'd be like, if you said, yeah, we're going to go for win for open. Yeah. I was like, this guy's lying. I'm fucked. This entire peaks were targeted. All we need is over 41st place and we got the Masters of Olympia in 2027. Dude, we'll go in there with one kidney, a quarter liver. I'll have like an eye. By your labs? Good bro. I know. Well, it's 388. Well, now that we've tracked down that we are on, we're going to go a long to clue to the ion. Yeah, but even then you'll be fine. You really not worried about it. Because you do the, you know, more about blood work than I do. And that's not really about it. It's a short term issue. Yeah. I don't think I have cirrhosis of liver. My dad's autopsy is liver was the only organ that was fine. Yeah. You're probably doing Moss version. Yeah yeah. The moment you look at me, I'm sure that I'm using ringing the O- curse as time goes. I'm not gonna show you it. Your hand is pulling the down, you're not kidding? I think we're gonna be in the middle of the house. Top League, great job. Beautiful, congratulations guys. Great job, Top League. If we were in our hurry, I wouldn't charge my credit today. Goldbot, Tamu, fucking charger. So, fuck, how do you do this shit? There's supposed to be in the after. Guys, wanna see my gun. Since we're in Florida, you just brought guns with us. Here, it's not loaded. We're gonna do a press check, like on terminal list. There you go. Drive fire. I know everyone likes that. Like you don't know fucking gun safety. Hey buddy, I got a question for you. I have never used a Tamu truck. It's the slittle thing, this in life that makes things possible. Open glove box. Get the right hole. All right, all right, step two. Now what do I do? Okay, close the app. Get the app open. I'm tied by the way. Hey, Tom, nice to meet you. Hey, how'd you do it? How'd you do it in the shit? I did shit. I came in dead last three times. You still did it. Yeah, I came in. What's your spec? What do I do? Okay, so you gotta get that charge point. Okay. So you're downloaded? Yeah. All right, so I go to the app store. I appreciate taking the time and 100 degree weather to help me. But it's ready to throw my phone in the ground. This is so hard. Why can't you just Apple Pay it? All right, we got dead last and three different divisions. It's not a good oven. It seems that in the attempt of biasing my quads for a couple years, my glutes got smaller and my quads didn't grow. In the attempt of biasing my triceps, my chest got smaller, but my triceps grew a little bit. So overall, even though I improved symmetry, I look worse. So I'm just gonna go back to more traditional training. That's pretty much it. My bad conditioning, my glutes is partially due to three things. One, I was over squeezing them because they don't have the muscle anymore. So there's a little skin from when they used to be bigger and from when I used to run estrogen. Oh, shit, I've heard that when they have a game run going. So the plan is to use more traditional stuff like do the pendulum squat, then the cissy squats, then the leg extensions, one day and then the belt squat, then the leg extensions the other day. To bring the glutes and the quads to back up to when I'm used. Because like hacksquadding 800 pounds, they were big. Cissy squatting with the hacksquad 300 pounds. They're not big. So we'll go back to what works. So I started re-incorporating pull-ups and the lats are ready looking better. And we're gonna do after that the jenecky style stuff. So a little bit one more compound old school movement and then the new school optimal stuff. So we're not taking away. We're just adding back in what grew the glutes, quads and the lats in the first place. My training for delts and arms is working great. My hamstrings is working great. I kind of as nerfed it on the chest training. We're gonna re-incorporate the old chest training. Backdacks with process. Nothing fancy just to go back to what I know works. And I gave up a lot of size in my two best body parts, chest and glutes to create symmetry. Now that I have symmetry, I'm just small everywhere. So now I just train everything appropriately. It should work. Can experiment with men in the off season. Just do a single drug treatment and just start ramping up men. Now because I made weight and high, but I had to come in at 173 to make weight at 177, now that my official cutoff is 182, tomorrow we're just gonna try to bring me and it's full as a house. And then if I spill over, use some dyes I to pull it out. This isn't the right way to do it. It's just a dapped day of measures. If it doesn't work, it doesn't work. When are you gonna do worse than dead less? But if it does work and I don't come in dead less, or if I come in top 10 and the open, then I'm completely redeemed. Then come San Antonio. We've got two weeks to really reverse me out and get me full. Bring me in it look 180. That way if I show up and they want to height me at 64, then I have an hour to drop three pounds of water with that as I'm not a problem. And then you can re-hydrate with saline or some shun. Chances are if I was over 5-4 in Texas and I was over in 5-4 here today, I'm gonna be over 5-4 in San Antonio and we're locked the fucking in. For whatever reason, I don't make it, then we still have Daytona and Denton to come in at 177. Just to guarantee that my 180 to use locked in forever. If you're confused, it's okay. Every single fucking person I talked to is confused except for the state chairman of Florida who actually knows the rules as well as I do. So that's it. Mission 1 accomplished. Get over 64.0. Mission 2 accomplished. Get way in. Mission 3 accomplished. Get video of me doing my posing routine. Mission 4 accomplished. Have fun. Mission 5 accomplished. Got lots of good content. Mission 6 accomplished. Did 3 shows in one day, which is most of the night I've ever done. Mission 5 or whatever was to win over 45 failed miserably. But this is what it is. Final mission is tomorrow. Practice a different form of peaking and see if we can get a better look. Then the other mission for tomorrow is coming top 10. And then that's it. What is this for irrigating your nostrils? Is an animal. We're going to go back to the hotel room and we're going to get some food in. I've got meal 3, meal 4, and meal 5 from tomorrow. And then I'm going to call the manufacturer and see if we can swing by and do a tour of the facilities. Flavor test, Bizarre Forensic. Because it came in a little different than Fender's Fury and the two were supposed to be added together. Everyone bitches and moans that Fender's sure doesn't have caffeine in it. So I'm making an energy drink that these acts in flavor as Fender's Fury so you can add the two together and you got a STEM pre-workout rather than an honest STEM pre-workout. And that's it. And people are who is married, you need me. It's like now when you buy Fender's Fury you'll have the option to buy them as a team and a much reduced rate. Then buy them into the drilling. That's it. And if you want to know those people who doesn't lift weights, you just like playing video games. That's perfect gaming fuel. That's why their categorizes an NO product on Amazon and as an energy drink on Amazon is because the pre-workout market is stigmatized and saturated. So I've got two different pre-workouts, one's pump, no STEM, one's a STEM no pump. And then I've got an intro. But the way they're going to be categorized on Amazon is one is an energy drink, one is a metric oxide and one is an endurance drink. It's called marketing. Not good at it. But I'm not bad at it either. All right. I think I've got about that's about all the energy I have for being sociable. We're actually on time. Have meal to at 11. It's 11. It's six. I'm time. I've real bad at her. I have rough pie. But I wanted to let him sleep in for the last minute. I should have walked in the 15 minutes earlier because I forgot to let him go in 15 minutes when he's like asleep. Because I have a procedure. A ritual, if you will. I know how to get ready in 15 minutes. So I had to let myself in this room and wake him up by touching him. He was troubled. But normally, you're not kind of doing he wakes up. But no, I had to actually wake him up. So I know he's such good. He's like, how many miles home is this? Six? Here's like these are 10 milligrams. I'm like, yeah. Are you groggy this morning? Fair. All right. Did you take your normal stuff? Yeah. With that. I didn't have that. All right. Well, I can't find who's a new prototype. But here, it's take a full serving. I'm the old prototype of our visitor friendship. You want orange ice? Fruit punch? Fruit punch. Right. To the full scoop. That's 400 milligrams of caffeine. 600 LGPC. And it's got some other shit in there for the works so just like, voss and he's right. Spoon is that your head. Water is so right. Some people would say, I'm vossing. I should have my fish. Because I know exactly what someone's thinking before they think that this is everything I need. You just had a huge meal. So you should be good for a couple hours. Because you're a very baby either. You didn't even finish your dinner last night. I just fed you last night's dinner. And you thought it was a fresh meal. New potatoes. Yeah. You don't need it. Yeah, you didn't eat all your food last night. You eat like a baby. So on top of this thing, on top of you, it may can sure you take all your pills and watching you eat your pills. I have to also watch you eat your food. Which is weird, because you're like twice my size. All right, I'm going to bring an orange for you. That's an work. I'm going to bring an orange for you. There you go. And I'm going to bring a banana for you. I'm going to bring another banana for you. All right. How's that? I'm going to bring a sweater just in case. I get cold in my headphones. Just in case I get bored or I get a schedule. Because I'm a so meticulous with time. They're not going to get them because they're backlit. They're shimmering and they're not super tight. I think I'm wearing the 32's. I want to bring more pair. I just can't find them now. Oh. We're driving to the venue to compete in the open division of class. This is the second day of the show. A lot of people push your own if they got to do back-to-back shows. Whatever. I've been doing that for almost 20 years. What I've never done was do three shows in one day and then a fourth show the next day. How bad is my hair? I'm not bad. It's terrible. It's okay. I'm getting the second transplant. People are like, oh, I thought, man, I did encourage here those. It's like, oh, my fucking God. I didn't have the hair before I used the master. I knew fucking cunts. I'm 46 years old. If you live to 46, you won't have hair either. I can write it off because I'm using videos to make money. If you did taxes, you would know that. But you'd rather have the government tell you how much taxes you owe. And take it out of your paycheck. That's not me. I want to tell the government how much I think I owe them. Which is less than what they think. You owe them. Keep in mind, I said, I am you. We are not the same. And then there's going to be those authors. He thinks she's better than those because she does his own tax. I don't think I better than you for doing my own taxes. I think I'm better than you. For a myriad of different reasons. One of them, but just that I have an expert accountant who does my taxes. Some of you are better than me. We have to handle these on a case by case basis. It's better if you're smart or rich. What matters is Jesus loves you. But Jesus loves you more if you're smart or rich. If he didn't. I mean, if Jesus really loved you, it wouldn't have been more stupid. He would have been like, oh, this guy was a dick in his last life. I see blank career in this future. Notice I said blank instead of alienated you based off of a Yorker. This is the new and improved Todd. This is the tactful type. Tacticus. The number one turn base warhammer 40k game for your phone. I'm not sponsored by Tacticus. Because I say the F word too much. And I'm not woken off. Not that I have a problem with female custodies. I think that would be hot. The emperors bloated zombie corpse. Having a thousand psychors a day being sacrificed to him to keep the warp open. And just having, it's like half naked, female custodies hanging around. That'd be a very interesting piece of art. Maybe I should get it on my wall. Maybe I should get it tattooed on my back. Can't come in any worse and dead last. And before you say, oh, it's because you use this death metal as why you didn't win. The judging was predetermined before the metal happened. And when people got off stage, no one fist bumped them for all the little R. Kelly, Aaron B. Shit. When I got off stage, everyone clapped and fist bumped me because they'd never heard anything that had me before. I like music that makes vagina's bleed. No, most of them are imposing. It's just like, I want to know what it is. I want you to show me. I can naked that 55 year old dude with jiggling butt fat and a women's underwear. It's just not doing it. It's just not doing it. Not that I look a lot better. But at least it was heavy. I hit those guns. Okay. No one's ever heard me sing before. I can ham it up for silly singing. I can't like take real vocals seriously. Like if I do ham or smash face right now, it's not going to hit right. Come on, it's the fucker. Maybe it's the fact that you're trying to sing something like ham or smash face. It's supposed to something with a more simple fight. Play ham or smash face. Little Ramos. Man, it doesn't. Alex Webster, Bass Basel. My first set of pull ups I always do ham or smash face. The low Ramos version. Because it's so much heavier than the original one from two men in the middle. Many don't realize this. But ham or smash face was featured in Asventure Apat Detective, New England, Chicago, the White or the Red. And it was so offensive that Tipper Gore had the parental advisory sticker stuck on albums. Ever after. It was cannibal corpse and two-lifed crew with a two-band that determined that music now needed a parental advisory sticker. So I every time 11 years old would go to the store and I would find anything that had parental advisory on it. And then I would take a warm sponge and wipe off the sticker and then that's what I would go by. Because that was letting me know what was cool. If they're conservative Republican party so there wasn't a lot of listen to it, then it's got to be worth listening to. Same with video games. And see what we're there. M-A. That was way later. You mean AO for video games? I thought they called M. There's a Perman and then there's AO. What's AO? Adults only. We didn't have those when I was a kid. GTA San Andreas. We just thought it would've been. That was a unit of an A-20. I was one. I could buy whatever the fuck I want. I could give me this car. Fucking big. You got to fight with it. It's like this is my car. He might dick car. 1147. I don't like it. I'm going to drop you off. I'm asking you move. Why does it just just part? I just part. Because the charging station is all the way over there. You look like you have to carry your big ass camera. This is a small camera. Dude, when are we getting painted? One of the girls is like, I think you need to wear a sock. Because that shit's hitting your knees. And I was like, wow, she's really flirting with him. She said, sock or nude. And I was like, ah, I fucking all go nude. I haven't had that off for an awhile. I'm not going to pass that up. Yeah, for a while, Prochanne was like, all of our spray painters are female. You can wait. Wait. Just keep going. All right. What the fuck? You want to lose your fucking teeth. You've always accused me of being keyboard warrior. I've got a battle axe in the car. I don't feel the fuck. Oh, Todd is fighting the off-brand charger again. All right, cool. As I trip on everything, come on. God, dude. Tasteless superchargers are so much better than this ghetto ass shit. Boom! Eat it, dick. People like, God, this Todd League, like, compiling so much. Why can't you just be cheerful? Small sip of Tassie. I'm very little water in it. You put the battle in me, though? Oh, it tastes better than just potassium. I'm going to show you what I brought. And so you can audit me while we have time. But I'm more bad on me in case other athletes need it. I got a bunch of trunks in the mail last night. You got one of these? Yeah. That's a lot better, yeah. All right, cool. I got five pairs with three different cuts, three different size. All right, back up. I got my phone. I've got lots of drugs. Here's my button. So that bitch doesn't give me a hard time for no medallion. I call it a coat of these bitches. Oh, what's all? Sorry, got an ockerside. Reds, anovire, blues, anovire, and a draw. And I should have been a windstrop, and I forgot. Well, you already took everything. I took 50 windstrop. Yeah. 10 men. Do you have a bit of awkward bandage, champs? No. I don't do that. I wish I did. I brought a fire grip, but I haven't taken it yet. You take the fire grip now. Okay, inhaler, extra music in case they fucked that up. Bananas and the oranges are his. Here's our salt. Here's our cinnamon. Here's our guacamole. This is your, I'm going to go fill you up some more water. I'll give you more battle meat. But I want, this is me. That's three. That's three. For me. Yep. That's me. For Kai. Yeah. And then I got rice cakes. And then I got the painting of stuff like gloves. And oh, no, it's upside down. I got the muscle juice and the hot stuff. Well, you taught stuff on you. Yeah, that's why I figured. I brought tombs for Hartburn, honey, marinatha, forks, and knives. Extra tombs. That was excessive. Lots of rice cakes. All right. And then I'm going to take my bagger and you're going to get me water. I think you need it. All right. Leave the battle meat out. So it's day two. Saturday the six we're at the venue. Stress is alleviated. We've got everything done. Kai did my paint. I think my paint looks a lot better than the way Kai did it. Then the professionals did it. I'm having a hard time hearing myself over the squeaky women with the Annabar voices in the corner. But I made sure that check my cooler five times. Dom checked my cooler. I've got pockets. My cargo shorts have pockets. They're not fashion symbols. They're utility bills. Everything is where it's placed. It's supposed to be. Just like you would have a special forces person. I bet he knows where his extra clips are. His extra night vision goggles are. Where his arm rehearsing rounds are versus his hollow point rounds. I know what all I've got. I've got my comfy trunk signs. I've got my head over nighted me for different types of trucks. I didn't like the trucks that I was on stage with. The trunk side wore yesterday. For the night show, we're made by CJ. She had passed away recently and there's a candle in her picture backstage. So it meant a lot to me that I got to wear and retire. Her trunk's at a memorial show for her. Right now it's a hurry up and wait thing. The love it Apple Watch cracked. I went for a swim in the pool. The phone started calling my Apple Watch started calling 911. And I was able to talk that I don't want to out from coming with an ambulance. I'm sure that would have cost me money. And that's pretty much it. We're going to wait until it's time to go on stage. And so it's a very chill thing. I'm super excited that the guys that like in the left are going to come into Tomorrow and we're going to get to tour the facility for the Hell Labs product and the top VMB supplement. We're going to flavor test. It was your friend's and guys are going to come with us to check everything up. I thought it was cool that Tom watched the two day out in the one day out video. It's like it's almost like my coach is starting to come a fan. Which is a feeling I've never had before. And even though I did terrible, everyone's been really supportive. It wasn't like at the Texas Pro last year where someone's like, your glutes are soft, kill yourself. Now it's like got some really cool people like Bill Tolko. We mentioned the average style of all. Our answers you move through reached out, just say it. They gave positive affirmation. So I don't want to put words in their mouth because everyone had something a little different to say. So I'm earning the comments from my new trend as awesome. Real Todd Lee and B. clips as Victor Sittnero with the 24 to 40 hour half-life. The flections would still be over 25% per day, which is counterproductive from a muscle growth standpoint and a safety. Because God damn, these people are done. Thank God for Todd Lee and D. clips. My fan account to take care of that. Maybe this won't be a smart one. So hi, I need to tell you that the calculators that's used online to see the half-life of drugs don't take into consideration the absorption time of the oil. That's why we always use our CT oil. Only a fucking more on wooding. So I'm going to keep reading because this guy clearly doesn't know what he's talking about. Jerics says not quite in general most is, absorb more quickly than the ester, blah blah, especially when you use MCT oil. So here we go. Jerics and 292 comes in to save the day again from the retard brigade. Then Todd Lee MD clips comes in and says regardless, daily injections will always be better in every circumstance. Good. Thank God that guy knows he's talking about. This is painful to read because it's just the same stupid questions over and over again. And then the right people correctly them. This guy is an idiot. He says daily injections on a workout days only or seven days a week. As if the term every day was unclear. So Todd Lee MD clips comes in and says seven days a week. Building muscle doesn't happen only on workout days. Incredible. God. Off Bentley. I thought hex use over an athlete. Okay. More expensive, hard to find, longer, slightly than E. I've seen lower concentrations in hex. Then finally someone smart. You just convince me to try it. Trending on social media every day is best. Four months ago. He tells you your life story, but it's not a consult. Narcissism. Christopher John is there a way to do an athlete with minimal sides effects without printing daily or EOD. No. All right. So this is irritating me. But we did get 182 comments in one day and 70,000 views. It's really disappointing that people could watch a simple video that using trend and an athlete for 10 milligrams daily is safe for than 100 milligrams of acetate every other day. There's really no way to get that confused, but they managed to. Tell me what's going on. I can't promote the action. Or I'm hurting the right. Or turn the right. Or turn the right. Thanks for reading. I'm going to read the dance switch. Read the dance. And pour the release switch. Four, ten and twelve switch. Let's just do it. We're going to read four key switch. John, I've run to a live now. We're not excited. We're not excited. Last turn of pace. We are doing back double-bice. Relax. Relax. Last two of this. Relax. Your favorite, classic pose. Great work, gentlemen. Great work, gentlemen. Great work. Two and eleven switch. Two and eleven run the other side. Right double-bice. Like John. Relax, lion. Relax. Turn the face for your guys. Back double-bice. Relax. Your favorite, classic pose. Relax. Absolutely beautiful work. I'm eating my rice and walk them only. I've got the last for the fourth time. I'm going to have to fix the peak. I'm going to go back to school, leg training. I'm going back to having a try to learn how to master quad training. I'm not handling enough weight to make the quad grow and the glutes shrunk. Once I'm able to squat 400 reps, my glutes are in quad speed full-sizing. The waist was pretty shitty. So bad waist control, saggy glutes. My vacuum wasn't great. I find that my vacuum looks the best for a single morning at empty. Like roll out of bed. Go to the venue and empty. Maybe just rice cakes and almond butter, sunny, whatever. I don't need to be in white rice. I'm going to do whatever Dom says. I'm just as just my thoughts. My weight was 174 this morning. So I was lighter today than it was yesterday. We just didn't load me enough last night. I was rather... It's a learning process. That's why I do all these shows with Dom. In one season, so you can learn how to peak me. I didn't expect a grand slam the first time. I'm a 40-sick-sural man. And so I'm just saying, how might be as old as the competitor? All this in the least talented. He's right now back there with Chris and John. And then when that's over, he'll probably have a little meeting with me right now. People who don't know what the fuck they're talking about are always like, what are you going to eat tonight? I don't like him a fuck about his water right now. I'm so thirsty. This is 15 ounces of water. There's a little bit left in my meal. I got a rice cake and almond butter. So I'm going to go eat that now. I'm just going to leave this here and go get my shit rather than give up my table. This is Kai's food. I'm not going to let him not eat it. Because he's really bad about eating his food and eating his medication. Kai means like a mom or a wife with him at all times. This is in derogatory. This is in derogatory. This is in derogatory. This is how I'm enduring. As I was saying before, I'm a cancer. So I'm the mothering sign. It's my job to take care of my boys. But I have the tough love dad approach. But the heart of the mom. If that's not gay, I don't know what is. So I got the shit salt goes on this meal. I had to have the water and all that. So I already have the right rice. I already had three and a half grams of salt. I already had the chicken. I've already had the avocado. So all I've got is almond butter. One rice cake. Kai is not even worth the effort in this salt. It's so messy. From one rice cake, this is so messy. Because it's so messy, I'm going to clean as I go. Because you never know what to use when you have to get up and run. Like hurry, tornado drill. We're done with this. Alright, next. This is particularly messy. So it'd be smart if I brought a plate. But I didn't. I'm just going to make a fucking mess. A little trick about the playmates. You can turn them into a mini table. One, two, three. Alright. It's a bit superfluous when you've already eaten. I've already eaten. It's a bit superfluous when you've already eaten. It's a bit superfluous when you've already lost. But we're still collecting data. I might look really good tonight. And then we know what we did was the right thing. I'm not wetting it, weighing anything right now because I don't have the skill. What's up, Chris? How'd you do? Second one. That's good. How'd a how many? Okay. She got better than third. Cool thing about coming in last place is you can't do worse next time. So that's the word thing about being on the middle. You can easily get better at different things. Well, you're not coming to get worse. No, I just, I don't know my head right now. No, just. Really? No, tell me about it. I just got dead last four times. And I'm happy to shit because I just had water. Some folks are getting 20 grams of this. This rice cake is not going to take 20 grams. No, we're going to make do with that. I didn't bring a food scale to measure how many grams. Oh, sugar. I should have. If we were gunning for first or second, I would have. I talked to Logan Franklin. We're going to train with him on either Monday or Tuesday. So we got Martin and Logan to hit up when we're in Houston. And he trains at LeBrautau, which means we got to get to see. Hunter or Terence. This is better than any Oreo. No cookies is good as this. I wish all my meals were just this. I think of all my meals were just this, not rice. They would look even better. I went every day's one in walking by with food. I'm staring at their food and they're holding it at tick level. And then they give me these looks. Like I'm looking at them. Like I don't want your boobs. I want your food. I want another one of these so bad. The salty rice is not good. The only thing the salt doesn't make worse are these rice cakes and all my butter. Now it's time to put things away creatively. So I don't make a mess and get any schmutz on the outside of the plastic. Then we get mouthful of paint. I didn't pack paper towel, which was stupid of me. I'm just going to sit here. I have a feeling Dom's going to give me more food soon. I don't have meal for with me though. He might tell me that that's my meal for. In which case you're food. That's your food. Meal for. All right. Yeah. It's pretty much identical. Yeah. It's an identical meal. So theoretically that's either your meal and mine meal for it depending on Dom says. Meal five is totally different. I'm going to go wash my hand. I'm responding to Roman Fritz. He's asking how pretty Judge you went. I'm telling him how I got dead last and all four divisions. It's nice to have Roman reach out to me. I really care about that guy. Karina, she's apologizing because she assumes it hurts. It really doesn't hurt. It just means that I got to work harder and get better. I thought I would do better but it's a pain isn't the expression or emotion I'm feeling. It always makes me feel. I always feel weird when people tell me they're going to quit after doing badly. I mean you should just expect to do badly. And then you're never disappointed when you do. It seems really normal to me. I say I need an app and I'm not so sure. Part of me once is just check out tonight and drive down to Moko. But I know I don't have it in me. What we're going to do is we're going to organize and pack everything we can tonight. So we can just roll out tomorrow morning early because having Jeremy, David and Adam come in in their days off just for us. I want to get them in and out as fast as we can. I'm really excited and I'm a really excited for you to meet them. Plus we made a verbal agreement with Martin and with Logan Franklin to train in Houston. But for driving to Boko Sunday and so 14 hour drives to New Orleans and a six more hour drive to Houston. That we would be spending Sunday in Boko and driving towards New Orleans. Crash landing somewhere like Alabama Sunday night. Monday would be New Orleans and driving to Houston and then Tuesday would make sense to train with either Martin or Logan. That means Wednesday we would train with the other one. Then we would head up to Dallas. All right cool. Juju Cash only or you do card. I'll do it. How's it look? Does this fit? Yeah, it's quite a little wide in the ears. I can tighten it. Oh my god I feel so good out here. It was so cold in there. Oh no it's hot. It was over. I got one minute of pleasure. This is hot like week. So I tied this to me cool hat though. This does not go with this outfit but I will make it go with some of it. Who do you have for today? I Brandon Brandon who I always miss pronounce his last name. I can't to low. Brandon can't to low. He said I should probably get him out. I don't know. It's too much more fun to talk shit a lot of me behind his back video. Watch it later. He is a handsome devil. He's got like shizzle jaw and like eyes blue eyes. Dude if I was gay you're not gay. Oh it's a secret. You're the only one who knows. Good thing we're in the same town right now. Yeah. We're Florida. When we're only a couple miles north of South Beach. We gave Brad right back some of the. So Brandon by the way you know who we're here reminds you of. The Chad name. You know what the really good is. Draw line and the cheekbones and everything. Crazy thing is like speaking my amy everyone's getting like jaw and plants and stuff like that. Just chew more exactly. Yes. The jaws are size. Yeah. I think he had a classic surgeon tell me he wanted to read my jaw down. Down. Down. I can fix this. I'm like what make me look more feminine. I'm gonna. I'm a sales. Mr. right and food. I'm so emotional. Like you're like I take more steroids. You try to make a wider. Yeah. He's like you know how you got that right. I'm like chewing. He's like chewing and I'm like unsterious. You actually live with the barbell with your mouth. It's actually what I do too. It practices you for being gay. Yes. You can't get me off gay practice. I'm gonna be canceled too now. Danger. No you're on my channel. You're completely bulletproof. Because I've not monetized. Oh yeah. It's true. We're like stealth plumber. We fly under the rainow of the radar and censorship. So don't have a bodybuilding or just gave us. We can talk about. We're not about bodybuilding. Or do you want to talk about like toldy or something? What you think about the competition for the men's class so far. So I didn't get the walk all men's class. I saw basically the top two. It was Logan versus I actually didn't recognize the guy that was second place today. But Logan is so good. Honestly, I love if you have like a top 10 contender. I think Logan and walk on stage nearly 80% of when I show. Yeah, but I thought he was good. You see me up there. I didn't get to see up there. It's good. So it was probably very embarrassing. I don't really like when I look like on stage. Do you ever like what you look like on stage? Six months later when I'm fat. I look bad. I can't wait. I was like, how's he? He's a jogger, I like it. I can drive that. But there's so much cheap meals. Yeah, the angioteins and starts climbing a little bit. So how do you feel though? I'm actually really curious. I always ask this. Like when competitors are getting ready for show and stage. I say if someone isn't like enjoying the process of feeling good, physically and mentally, something's all for you. I think my smile was fantastic. I was there to have. You know, my goal was to get high to the 64 point one. Okay. So that I can have a weight cap of 82 going forward. One or two for the rest of my life. So I didn't give a fuck how I placed as long as I got the right height. Because you have to get high in three times. So I'm doing three shows. I'm coming in super flat to make sure I make weight. Yeah, in case they underhide me. But I did get at least one good height. And they goes with the highest height. So I got a 64 point five. So it means for the rest of my life. I'm a one a two. So you have to get two. So it's two out of the three. You have to be the high height. No, one of the what? You only have to get the highest of the three heights. Is the one that sticks. I think. Okay. So my understanding is when I did get two already. Okay. So my understanding is it's two out of the three. Whichever one it is, it's lower higher. You get which will one ever is the two. But I got a 64 point one Texas a 64 point five today. Okay. So that means that the work is going to bring me in at 182 for Centennial assuming I'm going to hit it. And if I don't, we'll just pop a diuretic and get down to 177. Yeah, be like that, right? Mebleau the kidney really. What happens to the fuck? I have two. Yeah, doesn't work fine. We'll show you starting to I have two. I can blow it out. They both blow at the same time. That's okay. You're. Minor details. Yeah. This is my. The analysis division. You know, we'll hook it up from my wheelchair. So. So. On life support. Yeah, but I'm a red button when Casey falls for the first Him ever I got to pose in life as a pro. And I actually heard cheers. So instead of the cricket to the R and B, which is what everyone does, they want to play it safe. I decided not to do the sheep thing. I decided to do the heaviest fucking shit possible. I actually reached out to the band. The band so unpopular they don't have a drummer. And it's like that's they're too heavy that no one He'll be able to play for them. Let alone listen to them. And I was like, you have to be a shit on earth. I want to play your music. I do my posing machine. So it'll be heavy a shit that has ever happened to look Fuck yeah dude. So I got full rights to use the music. So we don't have to do the bullshit where you're doing like the Makarina when you're closing. Dude I'm YouTube. I can actually play the real music. And I from understand I didn't nail it but I didn't. Not nail it. So you were in Florida. I'm a little bit disappointing. You didn't do no speaker Maricana. Ah that's okay. I don't know that kind of music. It was named that's that battle. It's Deers area, which is named after one of the ships in Warhammer 40K. Dude Warhammer is solid. Dude. Oh wait you don't play the video game. No I just read the books. I'm like that much of a nerd. See I've played the most recent Warhammer game it was solid. And white. You're blind. I'm legally blind. Oh see I just can't read about it. So I have a Tesla that drives me around and then I just bitch at it. Like my married to her. So that's like avert your place in a series. Yes, series is a little less dumb than my car. And then Nova is a step up from there. So they're having the three. Nova's said to me today she goes, Sorry. I'm not Siri that's your other AI. I'm like, I'm major jealous. She's like, you don't you can't make me jealous. You know what you want on Singware right? Well I don't know if Elon would date me. Oh man. I gotta work on my jaw straight. You're just recently released. Yeah. Yeah. I got a pump off Ashley's saying Claire to make room. Yeah. Who's that? The one that's the surrogate that he decided not to pay. Wait boy. Yeah. Well too much shacks. I don't fucking know dude. It's just like throw the bitch a million in college. Yeah. I got to be stiff in her. So I said her a message on Instagram. It's like, hey, if you learn to once you buy will. And then she bit respond believe it or not. Who's a whole imagine that? No. It's like, I'll pay for your baby. I don't know if you should. Your hot. It's like no. But she didn't block me. So it's like, you think I'm kidding too. No, I know you're not kidding. That's it. Why do we? We were watching me and my dungeon drag is because watching interview a few years ago with Charlie Spair on and she's like, nobody will ever date me and I just pulled up my phone and I start texting and then some girl like Amy who's in her game. She's not going to respond to you. I was like jealous much. You know, is this like, hey, Charlie's. I thought you were awesome. Three to two days in the valley. Did you respond? Fuck no. His basic lens. He only movie. She showed her to it. So she probably thought the wrong thing. I was trying to say that I've been your fan since your first movie. She heard that I like your tips. I mean, read him between the lines. Well, it's better than me saying, hey, I don't like your tips. That is factual. So speaking of bodybuilding. All right. So what did you do to Pete Brandon? Speaking Brandon. So he's we still in a hit weight cap, right? So his weight cap is two or two. We started the week. I actually dropped under weight cap leading the week, which we weren't expecting. We were in labs two weeks out. Low functioning thyroid. So. You're going to see three. Huh? T4. You're going to see four. Yeah. So you're using in prep. You get done really. You're a thyroid hormone. Right. Most commonly T4. Because of the T-D, I'm three pathically uprunulates. Correct. And yeah, usually you get it free in a thyroid hormone enough for a most of the Androgens that are being grown and it's like that. So we plug the whole at some inactive thyroid hormone in. So we're getting a drop functioning. And then as soon as that happened, we dropped nine pounds in seven days. And we were adding food in. So it allows for refutes. So you did it. And one of the metabolism tablets in a pickup. No, I did. You're going to add T3. You're going to add T3. It just depends. Right. Because the T4 is going to convert to T3. You still get all the T3 out of that. If the D3 pathways are ready to be activated, then the D4, T4 just converts into reverse T3. I still haven't seen it in practice. Usually. Usually 50 micrograms of T4 is enough to cause enough T3 to get the ball rolling again. And now GH is in the mix or anything like that. And the most common that C down ready to listen to T4 is growth hormone. Because the T4 can decrease the TBG. Forcing the T4 and T3 conversion. Yes. Okay. Correct. Yes. Yes. Yes. Because you already have that eight already in the mix. So that's usually that was at least my methodology behind it for a long time. And so that's really good. Even because of the antigens that are being deployed in the freeing of the thyroid hormone. Either way, T4 and things just start to click off. The biggest thing is like when your thyroid is in a good spot and you can add more food in, especially carbohydrates. It's like adding fuel into the fire. But it starts dropping cortisol levels down and starting information down. The D3 converts to T1. So we start getting T4 to T3 conversion to hydrate. Yes. Correct. So dopamine release before bed. So ketone and improvement. They start sleeping better and the ball starts rolling. So that's like one of the biggest issues that I see is like thyroid hormone gets too low. And you can't feed enough. You don't get enough micro nutrients or hydrates to really actually aid in like biological functions. And neurotransmitter health is something that people don't talk about. So I also use my knees. I'm going to soric acid or peak. I try to avoid that diabetics at all cost. No. With meals. I use my knees and glycinated at nighttime. Yes. We have prep right and 3 and 8 to get the blood brain barrier through it by 3 and 8 in the morning. A nighttime. So good. I still do before bed. And then what do we make sense to do in the morning too? Are you getting all this? Girls coming through. No, by the beginning of the girls. Because that would be ironic. I don't think people understand what we're looking at when you're getting a spot. Yeah. So during the whole time we were talking about the camera was controlling this. Oh, okay. That's the best. That's still important. You need to know. I don't think people realize. And every judge has a different subconscious mind. It's just a threat. Every judge has a different subconscious mind. So depends on the light. So I think this is it. I'm going to lay now now. That interview too. That I mean. Is this my phone or your phone? It's mine. All right. 13 Charles and 15 Derek. Let's go, John. Let's go. This is your switch. Go John. Let's go. This is your switch. Go John. Let's go. Number one. Angel come out. Join him and forward. Number one. Relax, child. We're so tired. Yeah, but yeah. Turn the face or your fat double license. Sit boys and girls. I'm going to pack up for tomorrow too tomorrow. Boca with tone, Florida. So that we can taste test. Good shit. The Bizzaker Friends.