You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV, where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. So, I'm going to prepare my intro workout, IGF1. This is 3 weeks out. So, I haven't made this IGF1 yet. I'll use this too. So, then we're going to let it all have to do two shots. It's not like my substance try substance rich for a shot. This needle still cleaned because it's still sterile. So, we put this back. These are half CC 30 gauge. One for each lat. So, this is 50 micrograms. This is injectable pre-workout. The sample is sent to me by heavy research. And I should put more air into it because this is going to come out slow as fuck. Hopefully that gets edited. Because this is a half a milligrams per millimeter. In this is else, citrillion, else, large mean, or nothing else. else, else, else, carnitine, carnivore, and glycine. This was done. I should have put air in this fucker. I'll put air in that X1. And then I'll put that up. This one will put air in a coma faster. Or that was the plan. I think it's not really happening. So, in the future, I'll probably put either you just a thicker gauge syringe. So, it's not 30, or I would put a lot more than this. Like, it could be five CCs with air. People are like, oh, he said, CCs. I thought you would. She sees, well, I'm not going to be putting in any amount of milligrams of air, fucktards. Because it is appropriate to measure gas by volume. It's just not appropriate to measure medicine by volume. Oops. I should have you had the actors. That would have been a pain in the butt. So, if you want that, and then forget the actors. All right. More often, the races. These are my pockets. Those are my own pockets. There you go. We're here at Planet Fitness, because it's really chill, and there's no power left or slamming their weight. So, it doesn't get in the way of filming, and the music's that super loud. So, it doesn't get in the way of filming. So, I'm actually able to give instructions. So, this is my new upper routine. I'm three weeks out. There's these different grips up here. That one right there is going to be mostly upper lats, rhomboids and rear delts. This one right here is going to be more lats. This one is my favorite for lats, and that hurts my elbow, but would be good for some people's biceps and lats. So, today I'm going to do two sets right here. And I went back and I looked at pictures from me from the stage, and in 2012 my lower lats were amazing. And in 2024 my lower lats were pretty much non-existent. And I think the biggest difference is I, in 2021 I still had pretty good lats. And I was able to do 15 pull-ups of 215 pounds. And then this offseason I was able to do like six pull-ups. So, I'm going to basically re-incorporate pull-ups as the primary motion. And then from here we're going to go do the single arm cable thing that Genekki showed me, which is my new favorite way to train single arm lats. Alright. Now I'm also going to let the hang after every set. It's all been a lot of stuff. It's all been a lot of stuff. It's all been a lot of stuff. That was a good set. I mean I got 8 plus 1. Maybe it was 9 plus 1 I don't remember. We'll have to look at the tape and find out. But I felt a lot of lats stretch deep down the lower lats. And I could feel that contraction. If I do the other grips, I feel it on the upper lat, but I don't feel it down that lower lat that really matters where I put my IGF1. Because that's what matters right now is lower lats. Lower lats and quad sweep of course bigger arms. Probably at least another year or two before I get better symmetry. But I think the symmetry is better. And my skill at hitting the lower lats when I skill at hitting the quad sweep. My skill at training arms is improved and it shows. But Rome wasn't built in the bay. So we got at least another two minutes of rest. I don't count the stretch as a rest because the muscles are still activated. It's a something great. You can't just stretch for two minutes and then start another set and get the same amount of reps as if you completely get off. The machine. Hopefully nobody has a problem with this using a camera here because it is such a better environment with our power lifters. Slamming their weights. Eyes been two minutes. I think that was six plus one. Holy shit. John Jewett. Hey man, it's been a while since we chatted. Wanna finally make this happen and see if you want to come on our podcast and we can talk about drugs by the way. I think that was 6 plus 1, Holy shit. John Jewett, hey man, it's been a while, since we chatted. Wanna finally make this happen? See, if you wanna come on our podcast and we can talk about drugs when I would love to. No podcast, I'd rather be a dead soul-fucking cool. I look up to John Jewett so much. I would say that aside from me, John Jewett is probably like the best there is in the PD space when it comes to a smartest body builder in the world, best body builder, the educator in the world, it's John Jewett. So I think that he invited me on his show rather than just asking to come on mine, but he actually invited me on his that such a big deal, Holy shit. So we're gonna move to the next station. So it took me a couple weeks, but I really got the hang of this Genekki style of training, specifically this exercise. This is not my favorite way to engage the last. So I'm gonna do a set, I'm gonna talk about what I did afterward, because it's so technical, it's unlikely anyone really figured how to do this, unless they were instructed, because I tried to teach myself from watching Eric's videos, and I sort of got it, but until he showed me a person, I'd really feel it right. So I'm gonna do a warm-up set really quick. Symmorow? Me? His name is Ne subscribed it's me. Is he my name? Yeah! I think I'm gonna do this for a second. Lose strength by doing the pull-ups first. But I figured out Thursday was I use the exact same weight whether I do this first or second. But obviously if I did this first I couldn't do the pull-ups. This pull-ups are super fucking hard. So I got eight and then six plus one over there. Typically I can get 12 here, a good 12 for two sets. So it's so technical. You're about wrong muscles will jump in. So first of all, if you pull straight it's gonna hit the bench. So it's gonna be pulled out an angle. Which means the way that I get in this is I get my knee here. My calf is leaning on this. My butt's completely off. My body length, my body, the position out here. Really. I'm not pushing on this to brace. I'm pulling the support my weight. And I'm letting it pull me forward and I'm pulling it back. So I'm not allowing internal rotation. I'm keeping it externally rotated. I'm not straightening my elbow because if I straighten my elbow it has to externally rotate. So the elbow stays bent and I'm pulling the elbow down. And then I'm arcing my back to bring the elbow back. Then I'm striving my elbow forward that I'm letting it up come up. So it's like this. Super technical. But that keeps the tension on the lat the whole fucking time. And never let it up. If you do full range emotion like this, you're getting rhomboids, rear del, tryse up. Everything's getting involved. Your lower lat, I don't feel it. Certainly not on my right side. My left side a little bit but not my right side. You know what? We're gonna try 85 pounds. So we did pull ups, neutral grip. And this is my first day of this. This is a brand new logbook. So I'm not ego-lifting today. I was 180 this morning. Eight reps of first. Six plus one the second. And then this is Jamaica single arm pull down. And we got we got on the bar 85. Alright, let's see how this goes. Hopefully that'll be all it gets 12. I don't know if they look good to you. But I felt total stimulation in my lat. The whole time. And the third rep I thought maybe this is too heavy. But I just hung in there. And I think I got 12. I don't know if they were good on the outside. But I felt lower lat stretch. And on the stretch position felt the lower lat, the entire contraction phase. The whole isometric phase. And I drilled my elbow away for me and drilled my chest down. So I got a good stretch. And the eccentric. I would say from with the third or fourth rep on. I had constant tension on the lat. All the way at the very bottom work matters. That could have been the best right lat set of my life. That was hard to shoot. I got to catch my breath and then I'll do my right side. My left side. I think I got 11 on that side. It is a finesse move. So if I want to get 11 reps with the left arm, that means that I want to get at least 12 reps with the second set. I don't want to lose reps on the second set. We're close enough to the show to where works at back offset. Per exercises, plenty volume. If you're doing four exercises, I don't need to be doing nine straight sets to failure with the same load. Now you're the first round. Yeah, yeah, yes, yes. Well, give the fuck what you say. Now give the fuck. What the? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. So what? I think that was their team. Exercise is definitely the most technical thing. I do all week this and a Sissy Hatch Watts is super technical. The belt squats with your feet on the semi roller. This also really technical too. This is all my dancing moves. I'm going to play the right to my solo dance. Yes. So what more does that do now? Who's losing me dance? Who's losing you? Who's losing you? You're mine. You're mine. You're mine. You're mine. You're mine. You're mine. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. Yeah. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. So we're going with this. Now on to low roll machine. There's never as much stretchers I would like. But it's really good. I think I've been getting like 12 reps. You're so with a stack. So what I'm going to do, I'm not going to wrap around and get a lot of upper back. I'm going to try to stretch the lat out. Drive the elbow down as I drive my chest up. Ark my back and try to pull my elbow behind me a little bit. Whether it's going to happen is to give him story. But that's the idea. Trying to keep it on the lat. By driving with my heel down and my butt back, I'm able to stretch it out through the lower lat better. Oh, nine reps. I got ten. I'm sorry, why not? 200. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh. That's how it's 11. That's why I will come here. Is that the machines count your reps for you? And it's also got a timer. 11 reps. 19 seconds. I'm trying to do the whole stack if he's only getting nine reps. I was getting 12. But every time I go up weight on the previous exercises, I'm that much more tired when I get here. So I have less than the tank, which is something you do. Like if you are wrapping out with the stack, it doesn't mean that exercise is bad. Just move it back in the roster. The best explanation would be this. Like in Final Fantasy, if you had 12 people, you could assemble for a party. And you have four people use all the time. They're going to be like so many levels ahead of everyone else. So what you should do is whoever's the highest level, you rotate them out and rotate in someone who's the lowest level. So your first stringers, you get four first stringers, four second stringers, fourth third stringers. Pull out your leader first stringer, the captain. You've got your second third fourth and 12th best person. At all times, you see how that works, then no one gets left behind. No child, what is it? No child, I'm like no character left behind. Because I found that on Final Fantasy II, where I couldn't use my first string team. I had to send my bea string, my bea team in. The bea team sucked ass. There was so underpowered. All right. So this is my all time absolute favorite machine for upper body. I don't know why it's so great or why no one else is ever thought of doing a chess-supported cable. It's so good. You want to get lower lats, bring it up. You want to get upper back, bring it down. You could do this with the seat on one. You do this with the seat on seven. We're going to do this with the seat on three. So good. People really like to wipe them, put them down with cyclohaxane. Cyclohaxane's a known character, a gentleman, especially if it's in your eyes and your nose and a mouth. And people are going to say, well, so we'll don't put it in your eyes and nose and mouth. Well, if you didn't inadvertently touch your face constantly, you wouldn't have to worry about viruses going in your eyes, nose and mouth, now would you? So if you're going to touch the equipment and get viruses and then touch your eyes, nose and mouth, why wouldn't you touch your equipment and get cyclohaxane in your eyes, nose and mouth? So I personally would rather not get cancer and have my immune system fight off viruses. So I never, I always hope people not too wiped out in the equipment. I don't want cancer from the cleaning system. I never let the life of cancer out. I never let the life of cancer out. Some of you noticed how slow and in control that was. That's because I'm in the end of the workout. And so my nervous system's like, ready to do perfect reps. There's no anxious stimulus to hammer the weights, but um, whatever it's called. So this is the matrix upper back cable. Ruh. Is that what it's called? Fuck if I know that's just what I call it. And then we did 130, 69, I'll put nine plus one because I thought I got time. And I'm going to drop it down to 120. Now I should you not. You'd expect my rhomboids to be sore from that, right? After one said, it's plausible. My upper traps, my upper lats are also hit like that. So even like you're like, well, you kind of ignored your upper lats. This whole workout. This thing hit them so hard because I was internal. I was, what's that? I was adducting the humorous, externally rotating. And then I was driving down with the elbows and I was driving back with the elbows. I wasn't just pulling. I wasn't just retracting the scapula. I was, I was adducting the humorous, externally rotating, driving the elbows down as I was. And then you'll notice I sat back and leaned forward to do that better. It's murder. Even without weight, just flexing the muscles. Matt, big range is a motion, but big, it's my muscle connection. Big stimulus. Okay, here we go. Last set of back for the day. I was just going to do that. That's it. Three reps. I've never had that much of a drop off between the first and the second set. I'm this exercise before. I've done from 12 to 8, but never dropped the weight and then only gotten three reps. So that wasn't even an effective set, but holy shit. My upper lats are on fire right now. So we're done with back, technically chest is up next, but we're going to do rear del. So I don't have to stay in the line for the equipment twice, because nothing's more popular in the gym than a fucking pack deck. Because people get to work their chest while they're sitting, which is their favorite thing to do. Everybody's so hyper focused on chest. I'm so excited. So there's mixed feelings about stretching. In theory, if you stretch while you're training, or before you train, the sarco mirrors are opened up past the zealine, I think it's called. The acting, myas and filaments are longer in contact, which allows mechanically the calcium to leak in from the sarco-plasm with the curriculum, which decreases the ability of the X, the two X fibers from contracting, maximally, however, if you've got tight muscles that aren't allowing it to release in the first place, you have to stretch the muscle enough to where it can actually contract. Think of rigor mortise. Like a spider that's curled up on its back like this. If you flipped it over, it's not going to be able to walk around. You got to stretch it out enough to where it can actually articulate. So if I've got a really tight right side, and I keep stretching my right side, I'm trying to get them as a limber as the last. That's not what I got. But this is a trick that I used to use, that I didn't have it in use, but I'm going to start using today. There's no reason you can't superset your rear pack deck with your regular pack deck, especially if you're doing it before a chest. This is how I felt all my chest strength, and I don't do it anymore. Just like how I don't do pull-ups, and my lats disappeared. When I had a really strong big chest, it's when I would do reverse pack deck, superset it with pack deck, and then go Smith bench. I used to do it guillotine style, and that was my all-time strongest. When I was 42. I was so happy. Not a lot of weight, not a lot of reps. Not too long ago, after seeing Eric, I got up to 140 for 20, but I wasn't feeling the stretch is good in the packs. So I lied me up, focused on holding that stretch. When I'm in the stretch, almost pushing my scapula out, keeping my hand as extremely rough as possible, elbow straight, and bringing it across like a karate chop. If it hurts up in here, I'll make some adjustments. But the goal is to stretch the stuff so it stops hurting before I get to the press. The chest information, the lat information, the tricep information, definitely the quad and the hamstring stuff from my training video with Eric, was well worth the money of flying out to LA to train with him. That was probably worth, that was probably like a 30 grand value. It's probably one of the best training sessions I've ever had. So if you haven't checked it out, check out the video nine weeks out with Eric Janicki, and memorize everything he says. Because that was extremely extremely, extremely valuable. So three sets of riddles and two sets of pack deck. So riddle pack deck, riddle pack deck, riddle pack deck, you're done. How many vice versa? Rear pack, rear pack, rear pack, rear. I just didn't wrong this time. Very humbling. Even though this set, people will say it's humbling but they won't say it's humiliating to me. It's the same thing. So this is a shoulder thing but with the amount of arch I do, it's an upper chest thing for me. Just stretch the chest out, got a good limber. This semi roller is going to get me a better range of motion. So I can really stretch out the packs. These are really comfortable grips. I really can get my chest better here than I can at almost any machine in Umbro. And then right here, I'm able to really get the arm in so close. It just explodes that tricep. I only get like five or six reps with it but holy shit, it's like a GM press that's machine loaded. It's so good. This is one of the best ways to hit my triceps. So I've got one set of two sets of flies, four sets of presses. So theoretically it's six chest sets but you're getting a little bit of triceps here and a lot of triceps here. So I'm getting a little bit of tricep volume even though there's no direct tricep work today. I do triceps before legs and it's all isolation shit. The downside of the semi roller is that side of the arm is that side of the arm. Over the fucking place. If you look, you can see that it's off center. Joe Bennett gets around this by banding it down. Joe Bennett also has a private studio. So you can leave things where he wants them. Then my triceps on fire right now right in through here. Because the lats tight. So I'm going to have to stretch my lat out to loosen up my tricep.� So that second set didn't hurt my elbow nearly as much because I stretched out my lap really good. Now we're doing the closer grip. I usually go through this too fast because my lungs recover before the muscles do. It has compared to back chest to soy. That's why everybody in their brother comes into the gym and does chest first because it weighsy. That leg is in back is hard. The rest of it's just if it was in for this fucking machine counting my reps I would have no idea how I did. This machine is a little awkward to get into. I kind of caused my upper right trap to spasm trying to use it. My massage therapist can't figure out how to work this trap and release an at so it's just getting worse a week after week after week. I'm excited when we go to Texas because the massage therapist down there lifts weights so I think she'll be able to understand what I'm doing. Whereas in Michigan there aren't any massage therapists who actually lift weights. They think they know a strong man but that doesn't need shit to me. I don't have a fuck about strongly. If you don't do bodybuilding you don't know how to lift weights. This is not a technical piece of equipment but it's highly technical how I do it. First I go to setting three I put on one twenty and I'm going to push my knuckles out and scrape out. Chastah with a little bit of internal rotation and that's what's going to get the middle down. Some of you are wondering why do I do one arm in a time? One, these are the full cramps. My clavicles are not that narrow. My full cramps would have to be here and here. Two, see how much give there is? There's no tension in the stretch position. So in order to create tension in the stretch position I have to take the slack out. Now every time I've ever tried this to show someone they do it wrong I'm using the length of this bone to support this. I'm not using any muscles to do it. I get my arm my leg out of the way so I get more range of motion. Which I stop, push my fist out. It's 11 plus one maybe. Ah, right there. This is where the knot is. I can feel it. Making a good time man. When we get here like one we got started right around one. We're almost done. We got two more sets here and then three sets in there. We already did the hanging because I incorporated the pull-ups and hanging together and we already did rear belts because I supersed the red belts with the peck deck. Super efficient training. Nobody's in here. It's a Sunday at 2.30 in the afternoon. No one's here. We're here. No one's in here. No one's in here. No one's in here. All right. Intensity is now at A0 which is what sucks about long-ass workouts. Is that after about 90 minutes there's no way you're still in it. After about an hour you're not even really in it anymore. But if you're really tired you don't want to go home and because you can't relax after the workout one knowing you got workout two to go back to. So you better off just so then the common sense of approach would be then to do six one-hour workouts but then you don't have any rest days. So probably the optimal way to do it on paper is upper lower off upper lower off and keep your workouts under an hour. I just don't know how that's even possible. The reason why I like doing the basing curls here is that I'm not only going to do two you're like flopping all over the place. Here I can grab one post and do one arm and then grab the other post and do the other arm. On 17's the best way. Oh you can't because it comes out of where that angle. Oh wow try this. Oh That was 27, not 17. Fuck. No wonder why it felt so heavy. It's 27. Well I got 11 with 27. It felt like shit. Yeah much better sensation on the bicep. Normally I would want to hang in between sads but for some reason every single time I'm ever here doing this, there's a line for this and there's a line for that, pull-up station. But they're not doing pull-ups, they're doing some ab thing on their phone. [♪ Everybody singing song in the background plays together and sung läanges</b So I want you to think about what you want to listen to in the car because we could listen to J3 University and just I don't I have it on the app so it's downloaded to my other phone my droid. So I sign in and play that you can watch it I can't watch it with a lot of drive but you can watch it and could put it on the laptop could put on a tablet the other thing is I can listen to audible through the car so if there's a certain book you want to listen to that you think it would be productive for us. Surprisingly there's not only body builders who write books about being body builders there's is retails book about body building but not like someone like John Jewid or Derek Lundsford or Hottie Chupon they don't have books talking about a prep like the motley crews the dirt I could write a book on every prep and it would have crazy dramatic shit involved in every prep like I could make a story and everyone thinks they're interesting I actually am interesting that I would and I'm actually a good writer but that's one idea is or we could listen to the dirt you know are like anything we want last one prep I listen to a fortitude by Dan Crenshaw American sniper by Chris Kyle you can't hurt me by David Goggins and that really helped me get through that prep that was a really hard prep got one set left I think did I do to write to left already yeah when I did this with the 27 pounds it hurt like how I thought well I'm obviously overtrained because doing by a step five times a week and try a steps five times a week is too much even if it's just a little bit three six off three six three off I buy some of your slightly sore for the first time in months when I was doing six three times a week my arms weren't sore at all when I started incorporating these here at the end of upper body day so I've got like three direct sets of biceps and four indirect sets of triceps on upper and then six and six direct on lower maybe that's too much but it certainly is a two level so I've got thirty minutes of cardio you left today I like the cardio equipment here and I'll explain why in a moment so I like this because I can go backwards or as an abnormal electrical machine you can't go backwards and I'm getting a lot of lateral quad when I do this so one could argue well whatever you're using doing cardio is gonna burn off if that was true the stair male wouldn't be the preferred flimocardio by people like honey rambod the idea is that whatever you're stimulating doing cardio you'll eventually burn it off well the counter arguing be whatever you stimulate doing cardio you're gonna reach retain so if one or two days a week I get twenty minutes or something post upper body workout in here I don't think it's gonna really hurt my leg performance it has it so far so you can also adjust the incline and make it more like a reverse stairmaster I just love this piece of cardio equipment usually my phone gets a lot of phone calls while I'm training and I just put on my headphones and I get over here and this is like my office and I call patients back and answer their questions while I'm doing my post workout cardio then from here I can then go and do the tanning and then from that I can do red light therapy or the massage chair which those are amenities that are not available at other gyms now this particular planet fitness I don't like their leg equipment but the one that's closer my house and what's one field I don't like their upper body equipment but they get great lower body the best leg extension the best lying leg curl ever and then all the planet fitness is to get scotted hack squats so I can start doing scissy hack squats and they also have ham restraints leg press which is a particularly easy leg press but if you put the semi roller on it it shouldn't be that easy likewise you could do the horizontal leg press and put the semi roller on that and it won't squirt you out like the normal leg press does squirt you out I could in theory do every workout at a planet fitness and be completely content many props many many many many props and the year at a planet fitness because it much less likely to get approached the planet fitness and I would be at powerhouse people ask questions and stuff or people want to ask you about your show or they want to tell you what they think of your look and I think too much positive reinforcement makes you lazy and none of those gyms except for Umbra and RTV have posing rooms but powerhouse gyms there's no filming there's no posing I mean you can pose in the corner with your shirt off and no one complains but they don't have a designated posing room they have an aerobics room but we're not allowed to use it for posing which makes no sense in the end if you're going to be at a gym that you can't pose but it's got tanning it's got phenomenal cardio equipment it's got massage chairs it's got red light therapy I mean the planet fitness is worth 20 bucks a month for anybody even if all you do is you come in and you tan and use the massage chair or you do fast cardio whatever if you don't have cardio equipment at home one of the best decisions I've remained was buying a liptical for my home so I can just wake up and do fast cardio at home it makes your life so much easier when we're out of town rather than aerobian being it because we're going to have cardio to do I'm just going to go to the extended stay-hole towels with a kitchen and a bedroom for each me and chi so that I can go downstairs and use the elliptical machine downstairs before the every morning fastened and if someone's on the elliptical then I'll use the stairmaster or I'll use the treadmill or the bike until they're off the elliptical for upcoming perhaps I'm probably going to do the stairmaster instead because it's just so much more lateral quad stimulation I have a feeling it's either going to debt drastically hurt or drastically help quad development to use the stairmaster I'll get Dom's take on it see what he thinks I'm sure he still say it probably doesn't matter I'll have to know are you tan right I try to tan every workout and I stopped using planet tan because it was giving it a headache so I'm probably getting tailor even though am I getting tailor even though I'm tanning every day you look a little bit okay I gotta start using the lantern again I'll start today I still got two and a half weeks that's plenty because I got down to like a quarter milagrement it was still making once we were in LA I got out of the habit of taking it so I've only been off for a moment for a month but this is when it really matters what are your calories on right now it's 285 protein on a low day 135 carbs on a low day 41 grams of fat on a low day so what is that that's 420 1680 1680 plus 360 91750 2050 2000 now it should be like 1900 I it should be under 2000 it's like 1980 calories on a low day high day is 3300 high day is 4440 carbs and 56 fat so about 1200 extra calories for carbs and an extra 135 calories from fat yeah that was a while ago once we concluded for sure 55 was what the DHB was not affecting estrogen I put in 30 EQ to bring it down further it came down to like 14 then brought the test from 80 down to 70 which probably brought the estrogen down to 12 and then recently the EQ went from 30 to 45 so that will probably drop the estrogen down to like 6 or 7 and then considering that there's 50 wind straw on board there's almost no I'm basically very dry and brittle right now but I'm also very strong I thought I got I know like overnight and I couldn't figure out why I thought maybe it's because I did a loading dose of trend when my trend went from 30 to 40 I ran 60 for a couple days to get it up to where 40 would be then pulled back to 40 I thought maybe I thought so and then yesterday I noticed you could see it through the skin and then it's gone today so I think it was just a pimple but I blasted 40 to my oxiphon for two days so I don't know if I just fried this instant gino I created by front loading the trend increase or if it is because I switched from oral wind straw to liquid wind straw and the liquid wind straw wasn't mixed right because I switched from the liquid back to the oral wind straw the same day I put in the tamoxid fennel within two days it's completely gone like completely gone it's crazy so I don't know why tamoxid then we clear up a pimple that fast but either I got the fastest case of breast cancer in the world or I had a pimple anybody else would have no idea let to do they look I go to pull up from the show or they would sell over do everything and it's like nah I got this I almost took a needle and stuck it through it this is see if I could drain it because tumors don't drain but I was like let's give it three days because the only place I could get gino would be the nipple because that's the only place where there's glands left so it's like literally below the right nipple there was like an extra nub I was like I got a witch's nipple like I didn't know if I made a pact with the devil and I was sleeping to win the show or some shit and I got a witch's nipple I love people don't know what that is but a witch's nipple is like the number one way to tell if a woman was a witch which really just meant that there is a way for these puritanical Christians to like rip women's clothes off to look at their tits because they had an inspect them to see if they had three nipples ah got to love the buckles the buckluckl had it assholes there's nothing like strict religion to make men abuse the fuck out of women