Hurry! You're watching Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. Oh, hello there. So this is But day in the life of me. You'll get to see a full day eating. I've already done my morning medicine and it's hit my inhaler. Now I'm doing my fast cardio. I haven't done my vacuums yet. Normally I do those before this, but I'm saving them for you. Then we have a meal. And then we have posing with my posing coach grass-fed. And after that, probably have another meal. Normally my massage therapist Becky comes at 12. And then my nurse Rake hummus at 1.30 to do my IV with glutathione. But Becky's coming later today. We're not sure when that's going to be, but it'll happen. So you'll get to see what I do during the day. As you can see, I have it set up. I'm doing my cardio with my TV, like a theater. I have the blackout curtain so that it's dark like a theater. I've got more lights on right now than I normally would. I'm watching the offer, the story of how the godfather was made. Because my buddy Kai has big into film. And I thought it'd be something cool to do because he might come over later in Hangout. And you'll get to see me make some meals. Now today is my medium day, which is what you might call a hidee. And it is pretty much normally four identical meals. Because the rest of the week on my low day, I eat pretty much four identical, three identical meals. And one slightly different one. So on a regular day, I have tuna on rice cakes, three times. And then I have just chicken tenderloins with vegetables for the last meal. Today is going to be Kingco gluten-free breaded chicken tenderloins. And rice with peas and carrots mixed in, you'll see how I make that. That's it. It's four of those meals. Not today. Because you're here, I might have the tuna on rice cakes as one of the meals. So you can see how I make my tuna. People will be surprised how many ingredients I put into the tuna to make it so good that something is boring is tuna and rice cakes. I can make really fucking good. Something is boring is chicken and rice. I have so many different ways of making that. I could have it four times in a day and it's different every time. Depending on the marinade you use, if you barbecue it, or if you grill it, I mean barbecue it, or if you cook in the air fryer. Some of you might think it's some pedestrian shit, but everyone who's ever had my cooking, even if they're someone who's a fatty, bombaddi, it's too dull and it's say. Can't believe how good it tastes. Because if you tell someone, oh it's healthy, they don't want anything. It's healthy. It's in T-Sixet. And then they have and they're like, wow, that's just amazing. But if you don't even tell them, it's healthy. You just give them food. They'll be like, wow, this is amazing. And then you're like, oh, it doesn't really have zero grims of fat. Then they think it now what tastes worse to them, that they actually think that excess calories equals flavor, rather than just simply the skill of preparing a meal is what directly proportional to flavor. Anyway, someone's a little, this is not true. You definitely think it's due, but it was curved. It's like, there's a certain minimum amount of carbs in fat that need to be an every meal to make it good, but it doesn't need to be a lot. So come with me if you want to lift and today we're not lifting because that's all you ever see as lifting videos. Or of course, everyone's fucking favorites, videos about steroids, even others, nothing to it. There's absolutely nothing to steroids. Unless you're a professional body builder, all anyone ever has to do is an HRT dose of test as much GH's their body can handle before the knuckles hurt. And maybe maybe a third compound. And you choose the compound based stuff of which of your organ systems is the least fragile. And then you leverage that one. So if your liver is really strong, you use DHB or if you have really low APOB, you could use master on. And then those are the two most pure and symbolic compounds that have no other negative effects or side effects. They're necessarily adverse effects. They're just side effects. Like a side effect that's a stoster on is an increased intelligence synthesis. That's a good thing. Some side effects are good. Anyway, that's nothing about steroids. I don't want to have a certain secondary level of stress. So this is me doing my fasty cardio as you can see. It's not particularly hard. It's supposed to be because it's fasted. I have already used all the stuff that I would cover in the advanced fat loss stack video. All right, so I'm going to go back to my show. Have a seat. Watch some of the offer with me. I only bred one side of it because if you bred both sides, the side that's on the bottom just comes off in the air fryer. I never clean my air fryer because a lot of the junk at the bottom gets stuck to food and it tastes delicious that way. Okay. This is how I have it arranged from there. I'll put this away so it doesn't get wet. I don't use the range so I that's usually a staging area. That's about three grams of fat. I've actually waited out before. This is garlic. This is black pepper. I do four pinches and then it scatters down that way. If you try to go to Iraq, it's going to be uneven. It's going to make it taste too strong with some bites and not enough with others. I think flavors have to be consistent. So every time you have a food it's the exact same. That's something the market research worked for back McDonald's. That's onion, salt, that should be about 2,000 milligrams of salt which would be about 800 milligrams of sodium. Here's some parsley actually. You know what? I almost forgot the best ingredient. So I use the sugar-free tai chili, wing sauce. There are a lot of jihu's of sauce. This is by far the bus one with this dish. So I do about 10 grams each breast. I mean each tenderloin. Now you're like a touch not weighing it. When you make something for years, you get the hang of it. And I estimate this will be 240 grams cooked. Now the parsley. If you use too much it tastes like seaweed. You know it's enough, you're screwing yourself because parsley really changes. I got that trick from evidence on a potty. Using parsley, oops. This trick is so good. So depending on how clean the air firs you have to use more or less I'm going to do 11 minutes right now. All right. I have one, two, three chicken, four chicken strips left, which is enough for chi. So I'm going to defrost another bag of chicken. All right. The way I do that. I normally use my scissors, but I can't get to it right now. There. Open this up. Leave it in the bag. Put hot water in it. That would weigh more amounts to your skin. It's because you're watching. There you go. So that'll defrost in about 20 minutes. I might have to change the water, put hot water in again. So now it's vacuum-chilling. Hopefully I don't trim this makeup. I've got 11 minutes. All I have to put the veggies in. One bag of Walmart piece of carrots. Back up. Six and a half minutes. Now my bag is. It's easier when it's on empty stomach. We are going to die. We need you to go and go and lift the rice. We are going to wash the rice. We are going to wash the rice. We are going to wash the rice. We are going to wash the rice. We are going to wash the rice. We are going to wash the rice. We are going to wash the rice. We are going to wash the rice. We are going to wash the rice. We are going to wash the rice. That should be enough one day. We got four minutes left and the chicken. A minute and a half left on the rice and that rice on the veggies. I need to get my plate out. I haven't had a medium day in a week so I haven't had my favorite meal in a week. And the irony is I'd rather have this than anything. There's not a, it's been so long since I've had any restaurant food. I don't have any variety thanks to redotruteide. I just want my normal life. I just want to tell you, I'm not going to have a meal. It turns out it's probably one of the only people I watch when it comes to like, when he's in the kitchen. Because it's a very contemplative guy. I used to watch Seabon the lot too but Seabones style of this video is became too avant guard for me. There is this one time where Calvin was recording ice melting. And I'm like, I'm done. I just want to watch and lift some waves, man. Why am I watching ice-mobile? It's, you know, it's like film. And it's like, that's great. But I'm not a film student. So it's like a tar work. You know, like, I like really technical death metal and like highlights more of the slam death core. But like, I know that the major, super technical guitar work would be boring for almost anybody. So for example, I'm distant is more slam death core. Whereas I'd say, um, spire of Lazarus is the polar opposite in the spectrum where it's super super technical death core with like, Lauren is sure of being a perfect balance in the middle or shadow of intent. Let's see what's going to happen. So 62. 72. I should use a smaller spoon. There are 87 close enough. So that's 65 carbs right there. Now the rice, I didn't make fresh rice because I just made that yesterday for my buddy Brad. So it's going to be close enough. Normally I'd only eat fresh rice. I would never eat reheated rice. But I've here with Kai here, it's going to be eating two after my eyeballs. So we're going to tear through this. And the rice isn't even 18 hours old. I mean, it's, it's pretty fresh. And if it tastes like shit, I won't have a meat it. I'll make fresh rice for a second. 30 seconds on that. Five seconds on that. I'm going to run in P. Well, I got 25 seconds. Perfect. I hate the sound of that. I hate the patchy look microwave. It could be every two minutes. It doesn't need to bake every minute. Like mom, mom, mom, mom, mom, mom, mom, mom, mom, mom, mom, mom, mom, short of, you know, like, all right, microwave. They got it. The food's in there. Shut the fuck up, perfect. I normally use another blade. And not my finger actually. Excuse me. I hate breaking the breading. The bread breaking the breading pisses me off. Go in through there, boom. Some is a cute two-in-all. Blub, blah, blah, blah. This is like, you know what? If most people, they cheat on their diet and they eat out because they're miserable when they eat their diet because they suck as cooks. And the smell and the vis-a-built, the plating is a factor subconsciously. If it wasn't, we'd be eating off a paper plates and restaurants. These little crispy things are so good. That's why I like it nice and dirty. Same thing with my grill. My grill is filthy so that when you grill stuff on it, there's grill marks on the meat that actually tastes different than the air fryer. Otherwise, there's no cognitive difference and you don't feel like you actually had a different meal. Because if you really ate the same thing several times a day, for months, that's when people look, I need some variety. That's whenever you have a client, it's like, I need to have some variety in my diet. But almost only women say that. And I always say like, do you have a husband? They're like, yeah. I was like, do you sleep with the same dude every day? And they're like, yeah, like then you can eat the same fucking food every day. And what might have underdone it with the sauce, but we'll see. I don't like breaking the breading. So you're using all-christ sharp scissors. You're like, well, you could use scissors, which room with you, it's like if you use a knife, it's gonna drag and it's gonna break the breading off one. Two, in surgery, you only use scissors. You don't use knives. The scalpel is just made for the skin and so on. That's why that's what you see in movies. That you use an electrocardiobo to cut or to cotorize. And you use scissors for other forms of dissection. All right. So we've got a little bit of rice, some peas on this fork. Pick it up. You can see my hands shakes from Plen, not excitement. You might pretty good. I should use a little bit more of the Thai chili sauce. So the fresh rice is butter. So for kai's, I'll make him a fresh rice. And then we'll have fresh rice to rest of the dough. But this is still delicious. We're gonna get the malindas sweet Thai chili sauce. If I don't use a dish, I'll just use a spoon. I'll just use a spoon. But though malindas sweet Thai chili sauce, if I use the winged sauce after it's cooked, it's not baked on. It's not gonna be right. This is a better one to repair. Oops, there's one drop. And this piece is too big to treat it with a spoon. A lot of people like to go out to eat. I find that ruins the meal because the other person is talking. Which is fine. I can listen to someone talk and tell me about what there is going through or some shit. But when they wanna ask you questions, what about this? What about that? What about this? Why about this? It's a fucking nightmare, because you can't eat and talk at the same time. And if you try, you run the risk of biting yourself. And then if you bite yourself, now it's gonna ruin your ability to eat. It's so stressful when people are talking to you when you're eating. I don't even like when the waitress comes by and ask if your meal is going okay. I was like, I usually wear headphones so that they don't talk to me. But luckily I'm in prep so I don't have to eat out. But in the office, and there's certain go to meals. I'll have a bit of very standardized. And on a certain days, like often I'll get sushi from meal alone or pads for you, white oil, double pork, pulse workout. If I turn it north, though, there's a really good type of place there. I always think it's so weird when I see these other guys they're having like creamer rice with protein powder. And that's their meal. Like there's no way, well, they just, maybe there's a pre-workout or a pulse workout. But that is not filling at all. You're gonna be starving if you eat that. I'm in 2020, in 2021. I just drink all my meals. I put chicken and rice in a blender and just mix it up and throw them on a scoop of protein powder. And I would just eat that and drink that. And I'd have like that four times a day I didn't eat any food. When I started getting cavities, believe it or not, that the active chewing scrubs the teeth in the certain way. There's pockets between the gums and the teeth. And if you don't have food going in to push out the food that's there, it just collects there and bacteria grows inside your face. Plus, all the water actually stretched out my way is to have, you're not supposed to drink water, but I only had like this much left in this. And when you're eating it, that's supposed to drink water because then you get bloated and it stretches out your stomach. Makes it harder than I just the food. Well, I think I would enjoy this more if I waited and had the rest of it later. I'm pretty full right now. I mean instead of me forcing it down, I'm gonna go make high-suit and I'm gonna let it settle. And then I'll probably eat the rest of that when he's eating his food. So back to the back cave. I realized I gave mixed signals because I said I don't like talking and eating and I was talking eating. I think it's because when you're, I'm able to chew and then talk. But if you're talking to someone else, you're expected to prioritize responding to them over chewing. But you're not supposed to talk with your mouthful. But it makes signals. Making good time. I like to be done eating at least a half an hour if not an hour before posing practice. Otherwise, posing is a nightmare because you're burping and you can't vacuum. Got to rinse the rice, of course. Minimal starch lines. If you want to take the time to make sure you know starch is left, you could do that. I actually do that like five star restaurants. So for Jasmine rice, I'm doing a wonder one. I'm gonna go a little bit more actually. It's been a little dry lately. So two cups of rice, two cups of water, put in any other eighth of a cup. Now, this is where the magic happens. I get Celtic sea salt. For the rice. For two cups, I'm going to use about 16 to 20 grams of salt. 20 grams of salt. It would be eight grams of salt. Let me stir that in. You can't use too much oil. If you use a tiny amount of oil so the rice isn't sticky, otherwise, you're stuck in your throat. But you shouldn't use too much. So, it's six grams for two cups. It's the perfect amount of my phone. What the fuck? There was not 19 grams. That was four grams. Then I was six grams, whatever I'm gonna fuck you. Fuck it now. You need a battery? No, there's a fucking caripel. All right, so I'm gonna put in like two grams. The three more were done. We're gonna air in the set of caution. Because if you put in too much oil, you're fucked. The rice is every single grain is independent of each other. There's no cohesion at all for the rice. 10 grams is usually way too much. And we want the turmeric to stick. The turmeric makes it yellow. Now, saffron's better, but saffron's a hundred dollars in the works. And there's no flavor per se to the turmeric, but you definitely notice when it's not there. Kind of look the parsley. If there's no parsley on it, you can tell there's something wrong. But if you put in too much, then taste like plan. That takes about 20, 25 minutes. We'll see. Never time to, it's 955. I expect that'll be done by 10, 20. So I'm gonna do my foam rolling now while I wait for that rice to finish. Actually, I'm gonna prepare a water. So I preload my shaker cups with water and baking soda. Why the baking soda? Because the baking soda is kind of like a disinfectant. And it also gives it a, it's almost like, I say pop, because I'm from Michigan, but people in California would call it soda. So it's like a carbonated beverage, because the sodium by carbonate has sodium. So I don't have to add salt to it. And by carbonate is carbonated, so now, it's like a strawberry watermelon carbonated beverage. And the salt prevents you from eating the heartburn, like normal water gives you. And it also helps you retain the water in your body. So as you notice, I put two grams of salt on the chicken. Eight grams of salt in the rice. No, I'm sorry. There is two grams of salt, 20 grams of salt, and they're gonna be three more meals. So that'd be two times three is six, six plus. I usually eat about half that much rice. By the end of the two thirds of it. So I'll have 15, 15 plus. Eight is 23 grams of salt. 23 grams of salt comes out to be able to eight nine grams of sodium for the day. Plus they're sodium in every one of my waters. That's delicious. It's basically you made your own soda or pop. And you can make it whatever flavor you want. And you can make it just as salty if you want an extra salt or just as carbonated. If you want to put an extra sodium by carbonate, I don't know why I didn't want to actually buy soft drinks, especially regular coke. Well, now it's time for the full rolling. I've got my full roller, and I've got what I call my thermal detonator. So the thermal detonator is a massage thing. It actually vibrates. I call it a thermal detonator because we're trying to deny it. Where I think is that just here. Oh my lat, here it is. I found the spot on my lat. That's extremely important for releasing my lat. And so, boy, watch this and share it. We'll see you in the next one. You're so beautiful. You're so beautiful. You're so beautiful. You're so beautiful. You're so beautiful. You're so beautiful. You're so beautiful. I think you guys should. So there, and I'm still the hydrogen. I haven't had much water today. So this is way more painful than it needs to be. I'm going to abort mission on these legs. But I am going to try to pre-suffin' them up before Becky comes at 6.30. The advantage of her coming so late today is that I'll be way more hydrated when she comes. And I'll have had the IV before she gets here. Usually when she does the massage first and opens up all the tissue, it absorbs all the water. And my veins collapse. Then Ray has a hard time getting a vein. But this time I'll be so hydrated when she gets here. It'll be a much less painful experience. The long term goal was for Becky to master doing the IV. Since she is also in nurse, but she's out of practice. Because of course she makes more money as a massage therapist than as a nurse. I try to get myself an IV, but I can't. Because you have to use two arms pretty much to do it. And one of, unless I'm doing my leg, I can't really do it. And I don't know how I would, I guess I'd have to do it like this. This. And then thread it through like this on my calf. That's probably how I could give myself an IV. But then the tubes come in this way. It's going to be a shit show. Normally they have to just do my calf. It's my calf's way easier to get a vein when I'm collapsed. If you go to lab corps, those phlobotomists aren't. I guess license to do. Um, legs, they're only licensed to do arms. And my God, dude. This country is so fucking weird with their rules. I think Australia is the only country in the world with more fucking rules in America. Like how fucking dumb is that? Like you could do the legs. The veins in the arm, but not the leg. Alright, so what I did different for Kai is that he's more garlic, more onion, more of the sauce and loss of the salt. So I made adjustments based off of how my and came out. I usually go to heavy on the garlic, to heavy on the onion, to heavy on the sauce, to heavy on everything. So I made mine moderate. And it wasn't enough. Kai loves how I make it normally. So I went 75% as hard, rather than 50% as hard. So I used about 50% more flavor than I did with mine. And the rice will be done before that. Because I think the rice is seven minutes left. We'll see how accurate I am with my assessment. Alright, so what I did is my rice was gross. So I took my chicken off the plate, put a little bit more sauce on it. And I'm going to stick it in the microwave for 30 seconds. I also took my rice. I weighed what was left after I took the chicken off the plate. It was 137 grams. Now I used 150 grams of rice and 85 grams of peas and carrots. So I'm going to estimate that it's 100 grams of rice and 37 grams of peas and carrots. Just because it's simple. I could use a calculator and make sure it was perfect. But it's if it was 270 total, it would have been 180 and 90. So 85, if you 170, it's pretty much a 33-66% situation. So what I got to do, I don't know if you can see from back there, is before I eat the rice, we have to fluff the rice. Otherwise, what happens is, it's going to get stuck to the bottom. So this is very hot, so I have to do this. And what I do is I rotate it. And people are like, this dude's so anal, he has a system for fluffing rice. It's not so much that it was, it's just you've been doing it that much for that many years. I've been doing this 17 years. I've mastered a lot of different techniques and abandoned a lot of different things for different things. And this is what I'm doing right now. If you watch YouTube didn't ban my channel in 2018, you would watch the cooking shows I did, you know, 10 years ago, and they were funny because everyone complained my kitchen was so dirty. And I would just do shit like I'd crack an egg and just roll the shells at the wall and see if they stuck to it. I was just wild as fuck. My old cooking show was fucking awesome. New audiences are so sensitive, you can't have a sense of humor because they don't get humor. Like I'm basically doing Tim Dylan comedy in a bodybuilding context. And nobody knows that because they don't watch Tim Dylan so they don't know what funny is. Alright, so they think I'm like Alex Jones is like no bitch, I'm like Tim Dylan. Alright, so that's 158, that's too much. That's 127, that's too much. 119, that's too much. 100, alright good. How about the dot? We're going to add 37. Too much. We'll put in there. There you go. That's close enough. I always rinse out the bag of chicken before I throw it on the trash. So that it doesn't stick off the plates. Oh there's another chicken shrimp. Alright, so that's mine. We're going to add this. This is going to be a little way. Now, Kai, I don't know if he wants to have me do his ratios of peas and carrots and shit and rice. Or if he just wants to just grab whatever he wants. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to put his chicken on the plate first and then let him, this is mine, repaired about and I fucked it up by flipping it over. And it lost half of the sauce I put on it by flipping it over. All that work wasted with one mistake. All it takes is one mistake. I've learned that from vampire that if you could break a vampire and you've been running a city for like 400 years and then a one person does one thing that fucks up a plan you've had in place since the Truman administration. And you just were fucking snap and start ripping motherfuckers throw up. This came up so good. I can tell already Kai got hooked up. Here we go. I'm going to do as I'm going to. But if I'm going to be a real chef here, I'm going to play it for him. I'm not going to make him play it to the south. Now this is for flavor. This would be the perfect ratio of rice to peas and carrots to chicken. And I got a little bit fucked up a little bit in your back there. And this is for him. I fucked up a little bit there and a little bit there. But overall that looks pretty good. All right. So we're just going to eat our meal together and watch some of the offer. And we'll check in with you guys in a little bit. What are you doing? Not too bad. Let's get you set up. All right. I'll get straight to it. All right. I'll start with the purple. Let's get those claws a little bit sharper. Let's see. Now I know we can get more from the quad today. Reset them quickly. It's going to let it go more time. Remind me really quickly. What are the cues? You're thinking I'm to get the quad sensation. All right. Big toe down. External rotation. Then you drive towards the pinky. Let's go a little less only knee bent. Um. Imagine like you're not just driving towards the pinky, but also driving slightly forward. So she'll be like a diagonal ankle. All right. Is that better? Let's see. It's almost there. We're just missing that rectus femoris area. Um. When you're doing this right now, where are you feeling most of the tension? Let her apply knees. Okay. Pro means. Imagine. So, because I do this straight in your legs on all the way, not 100% but like say 90. And let's see if that shifts the pressure a little more into that like right. So. Getting there. Missing him. I didn't like yesterday. I'm really flat right now. Um. 81.7 a day. Do this. Let's go instead of the majority of the pressure is going out. I'm going to get you to the right. It's going to be a little more than the right part. Well, it's going to be a little more than the right part. It's going to be a little more than the right part. It's going to be a little more than the right part. And the right part. I'm going to put the majority of the pressure forward like in the, like if you're trying to slide your foot in the direction of the toes. Like extension. Think like almost like leg raise. Okay. That's getting there. That's going to be a little more than the right part. Now, we're going to get some of our reset. Let's see that a couple of times you get used to that. What we're going to do is you're going to have more like leg raise feeling. And then we're going to use more of the. Um, external rotation to actually get the. And like you're going to use the external rotation. In kind of in place of the pinky pressure. All right. Let's come up with a right then order like a sequence. So you go down hips back. Yep. Leg raise external rotation. Yes. Once we three four. Okay. Yep. Like it was a, an instrument or something. All right. So picking. Top other. Way better. Way better right there. Last thing I want you to do, bring your heels closer together. Beking the toes where they're at. Quarter turn to the right. Get that. Take a little tighter. And quarter time. Oh. So there's a little lower just a little bit right. And quarter time. Hold here. Give me a little more on the right. And you can get some more. Front up the box out. Is that better or is this better. Let me see if you're first going. That or this. There. It's six and one. I've just. If you're going to. That part. I do want to get that left quad fire. The state straight now. I'm going to the leg a little more. Let's let's actually try a 15 year hitch just a little bit less to the left. Yeah, a little more centered. It's also take your right foot, step back like an inch. Drop the heel down about halfway. A little lower with the heel. Fair. Now reset. Let's put it a couple more time. Let me see your side chest. Hold here. Just take one step to your right so I can be centered in front. Pretty happy with this one. Give me a little more on the hamstrings. Good. It's abs and thumb. Legs. Twist out of that right knee. One minute just a little more to get a little more from the left quad as well. There it is. Any classes post? Relax. I don't even look at these real quick links. You can see the legs and legs are going to be working. It's going to be that way. I've never liked doing it on a posing in the morning. I was always on that time pose as well. It was so easy last night. I'm probably just because you're not stiff. You're full of water. It's post workouts. You're all little bit up. I feel you look better in the morning. You're so you're in public. But practicing your endurance poses weighs your night. You're glad you're doing it. You don't have to squeeze this hard because you're full. Go back to the core training facing to your right. It's okay. How much of a least do you want? Do you want this? Or this? I want more actually actual rectus abdominus. Keep going. There are that for you. Hold that one. Let's see that like two more times. Relax one more time. Relax. Relax. Good. All right. It seems to me say, and my body already lets go. I think that's the signal. That happens a few times. I try not to, but sometimes as I'm watching, I'm like mentally saying, and then I'm like, I should. Let's play with your routine next. Do you want the music? Let's do your music. My 45. Yes. It's got a little light. Okay. Can I see your side tricep one more time? Just get that little bit extra activation on the midsection like we did in the side. Relax. It's almost there. A little less of Lee country than you do. A little more rectus abdominus again. There it is. That's what I'm looking for. Let's do that two times just to get that part down. A little more. There. One last time. A little more. A little more. Good. Relax. All right. Catch and rest for a quick second. The brogg high this is gone, but I want backwards by not doing it for two weeks. Yeah, I will be conditioned and expected, but it will come back way faster than you expect. All right. Play with your father's team rather music. Actually, the most only. All right. Let's see. This, which is what we have been doing and there's a dimple on the right scapula. Yep. And then there's that. Is the dimple gone? To a certain extent, pop your chest tall when you do happens. Ween back from the lower back harder. And then turn out your knees a little more. Let's do that a couple more times. If you can make that happen, the key is just lean back extra hard as you do it. Yeah. That better? Uh, let your elbows come back a little more. There. We set more more time. Yeah, I'm happy with that. Better than that? Go back to what you're doing before. I like that one more. Okay. Okay. Breathe for a second and then one more night. Okay. I need to say that. So we're losing all the thickness to get rid of the dimple rather than having a all that thickness in the dimples bigger on the right than the left. But, holy, when the elbows come back, I feel like we'll keep these some of that thickness there. Right. Wow. It's how I can, uh, the best of both worlds of that makes sense. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you, real quickly. I mean, we hit it. We hit everything the way we need to. One, two, three, four, five specialty poses. Right up the gate. Then we're doing side chest, side tricep, rear lat, rear chest. Hey, front, front, black. The only thing we don't have is front double-by and rear double-by. What if we zoom in the front double-by set right after the front lat? That's what I was thinking too. Yeah. I'm with that. The other option? Okay. What if we actually took the rear lat and swatched it out for your rear double? Because it's so much better and the rear lat sucks. Yeah. Yeah. Just picked a little better. And then we can turn, still go to the front lat's break because the same footwork. It just means that you drop your hands down your waist, turn to the front hand, hit the front lat's break. I'm trying that accent for my world quickly. Now the other thing is we still have time. So we could just throw in the extra two poses and we'll be at one, one, three. We could do that. The question is, do we want to keep the last bread in or would you rather swap it? It's up to you. So, pretend I'm not here and you're talking to someone else. How shitty is the real last bread? It's not terrible. It's not terrible. It's something that we could keep. It's something we could keep in. If you really want to, especially after memory, it's not sport. So it's something we could keep in if you really wanted to. I want to showcase. I don't want to have any meaty, meaty, meaty, meaty poses. They are the two. Let's switch it to back up. All right. For the again, it's not terrible, but it's not 80. Yeah, but all it takes is for that shop to be the one that's used. And it's just people be flaming it. If we don't give them ammunition, they can't shoot me with it. But must go with you. I still want to keep back up. So I can slow that shit down. down we worked swapped out one post and in two poses we can get light at the 90 second mark. Yeah if I slow it all down. Yeah I like that right there let's let's keep that going. All right before we finish up here can we really quickly ride on one condition round. We can do two condition rounds. Let's do it. All right. Sorry here from the x where we know 12 seconds. One two three right quad a little more external rotation five six seven eight nine chest all 10 11 12 quarter turn. One two three four five core six seven time that eight nine ten eleven twelve order try. One legs two drivers knees out three four right there five six seven eight nine ten eleven a little more hamstrings and quarter-shurder. One two three four five six one section seven eight nine ten eleven and twelve one two three four right quad five six a little more leg extension and there we go. Eight nine ten eleven twelve side chest one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve take a look at your back up. One two three four five six knees out eight nine ten a little more right hamstring eleven and twelve add and five. One two three four five six seven eight one two three four five six seven eight one more back in nine ten eleven twelve relax six seven six that four seconds left. That 20 seconds left here. All right, for all I'll see you in. One, two, right, quad, three. There it is. Five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, and four times. Five, six, seven, eight, and six, nine, ten, hold that eleven and twelve. Three, relax. One, two, right, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten. One, two, right, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, two back a little harder and quarter. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 5, and front of. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, and a little more back here. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, and a little more back here. 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and a little more back here. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, and a little more. Rho 상 mer Yeah? 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 5 and 6. Class of pose. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. 8, 3, 4, 5 and 6. 8, 4, 5 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6, 6 and 6. 8, 6, 6 and 6. 8, 6, 6 and 6. 8, 6, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6, 6 and 6. 8, 6, 6 and 6. 8, 6, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6.