Hurry! You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit.ку shit… Oh, for your weakness, oh, for your duty, oh, for your weakness, you're the most you know. Oh, for your weakness, oh, for your weakness, you're the most you know. The power of the sacrifice, the need of the world to die, the need of the world to die. The power of the sacrifice, the need of the world to die. The power of the sacrifice, the need of the world to die. The power of the sacrifice, the need of the world to die. The power of the sacrifice, the need of the world to die. The power of the sacrifice, the need of the world to die. The power of the sacrifice, the need of the world to die. The power of the sacrifice, the need of the world to die. The need of the world to die. The power of the sacrifice, the need of the world to die. The power of the sacrifice, the need of the world to die. The power of the sacrifice, the need of the world to die. The power of the sacrifice, the need of the world to die. The power of the sacrifice, the need of the world to die. Yeah. I'm not a fighter, I'm a star, I'm a star, I'm a star, I'm a star, I'm a star. Yeah. Fuck this. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. So that completes the ion portion of the workout. This is in a d-load per se, but the six-ton one-off is a workout anymore now that I've been incorporate an air chimichyase plant. What four sets, three times a week for instance for quad's, was very doable before now it is not my right back, like my right lat, my right tricep, both quads. I've got overlapping soreness. Controlling the negative isn't the same thing as working the negative. So now that I'm working the negative, what was for us that's as hitting me like six. So rather than just reducing the volume and still training 60s a week, I'm gonna cut out my Thursday workout. So yesterday was Saturday. I skipped Saturday and today I almost skipped today but I wanted to shoot this content. So there's no set extenders. I'm almost resetting the logbook. Got the arm workout done. I've gotten incredible pump. Five out of five pump. Even though it was as impressive. Numbers wise, if I looked at my logbook, it looks like I went down. I felt it better because I'm, and I'm using just as much weight. So if I'm getting 12 concentric, and 12 eccentric, it's more than 19 concentric and effectively zero eccentric. Even though I was controlling it on the way down, I wasn't fighting it on the way down. Yeah, I only got seven reps, but I got a sick pump from him. Whereas before if I'm doing this, and then this, it's not the same thing as going up here, coming down, coming up here. Maybe it works better for you that way and maybe in a month or two, I'll go back to doing that. But this is what I'm doing today. Now we're gonna go into the legs. We're gonna be legs and I'm gonna be doing twice a week, or I'm three times a week. So instead of upper lower, upper lower, upper lower off, it's gonna go upper lower, off, upper lower, upper, upper, upper off. So I'm still getting about three times a week. I'm gonna move a little bit of biceps to my upper days. So I'm only gonna be getting triceps twice a week, as opposed to three times a week, but all of my pressing is still triceps. So instead of getting triceps, six times a week, I'll be getting triceps, five times a week. And because four sets of quads, three times a week, was too much, I'm gonna start with four sets twice a week, then I'll go to five sets, and if I can handle five sets of six sets, so six six twice a week is not as good as four sets three times a week, but if it allows me to have a rest day, it's worth it. So now I'm gonna go to my stretching and mobility, it's a whole nother workout. Jesus Christ, this can't get any rougher. Fuck, I count on this equipment. CHARGINER'S SNOW AHあれ! Stacey Tr każdates hypert falou I'm taking the Junkie pad. I actually have sore hamstrings for the first time like six months. I'm taking the Junkie pad. I'm taking the Junkie pad. Oh, it's not a big improvement but it's an improvement. It's nice to have sore hands here for once. The same now. We're at a back side of the team total wraps again, just in reverse. Last time it was seven times, this time it's seven times. Let's go. It's more to the percent of sore hands with infinity for right. For your fingers, for your fingers, for your fingers, for your fingers. You're the most you know. For your fingers, for your fingers, for your fingers. The moment you said it's a raise, we are the only times you've done. We didn't see you, though. Starting tomorrow tomorrow morning to work. All along the second day, I saw you. Until its night and by again soon. It won't show. You'll see there will be a year. All along the second day, I saw you. So deep yourself. killi It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. I forgot what I was doing until I halfway through the set. And then I was like, oh yeah, I'm just just to drive my hips forward. And then it was so much more quad. I have to go heavier. I've seen reps was too long. I was dying from this burning quad. I go heavier. I have a friend going to feel it in my knee and not my quad. It's this balancing act that I so sick of. I can't Turup pendant me. But I understand that I want your soul to explode. I know I'm right to know. I know So many times I want it and I want you to die. And I thought I was going to defy the first thing I said. Everything is? Ah! Ah! You're a pro! You're a pro, you're a pro! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Oh! That's sixteen both, Sat. By my count, I don't know if the table show. Which tells me this is way too light, but I've been defensive with my knees. Since this is a new technique, so I went up 25lb, 45lb, last week is 180, for 16, this week is 2, 2, 5, So next week will be 2, 70, because it's making sense. 135, I'll say, 2, 25lb, it was 2, 25. So next week will be 2, 70. I said, doing 3 sets of hamstrings, or 4 sets like here, and then all the quads, I'm going to go back and forth from that one. I'm going to do 2 sets of lying leg curl, 2 sets of a press, 2 sets of seated leg curl, 2 sets of leg extension. And then if I can tolerate that as I said out there, I'll do 5, and if I can tell that 5, I'll do 6, but legs twice a week, I think it will work better. I said the best result, I also added legs every 5 days, 5 sets, every 5 days, get the best results. When I went to twice a week, legs, that's when I got hurt. Then I went to 3 times a week, legs didn't see much improvement, so I think this will be a better way to do it. This is a really smooth leg curl. And what I found was by breaking it up, doing hamstrings quads, hamstrings quads, it's way more productive on the second exercise, which is common sense, but I'm not losing the pump like I thought I would. Oh, my hands are so blocked right now. I don't even remember what it felt like to have fucked hamstrings, but this is working so well. My Jojoffries didn't interview with Dave Tate, where he was saying that 4 sets twice a week is the absolute maximum he would program a body part. I was like the fuck, that ain't shit. I do like 9 sets 3 times a week for back, but my back sucks. So maybe 4 sets twice a week for hamstrings and quads as we were saying. I don't remember what it felt like to have fucked hamstrings, but I'm not losing the pump. I don't remember what it felt like to have fucked hamstrings, but I'm not losing the pump. I don't remember what it felt like to have fucked hamstrings, but I'm not losing the pump. I don't remember what it felt like to have fucked hamstrings, but I'm not losing the pump. I don't remember what it felt like to have fucked hamstrings, but I'm not losing the pump. I don't remember what it felt like to have fucked hamstrings, but I'm not losing the pump. I don't remember what it felt like to have fucked hamstrings, but I'm not losing the pump. Fight behind her, follow her Anotherron Pick up the shot. Oh, that's cool. All the hair out. Everywhere. Oh, that's cool. Oh, that's cool. Oh, that's cool. Oh, that's cool. Oh! Oh, that's cool. Oh, that's cool. Oh, that's cool. Oh, that's cool. Oh, that's cool. Oh, that's cool. I think it's not the best. I want to let you pass in the arms. I think rather than doing the superset shit to try to rush through it, I should probably go back and just take him at time and you try to survive. So if I set exercises, but usually here by the time I get here, unlike today, we're here earlier, and no one's here, so the supersettings these. Oh, that's cool. You squeeze it up, red them, and it's loading it up, and then you bite the negative all the way down and every rep, it makes a 20 rep set 7 reps, and you feel it better. It's just a bitch to log it, because it's so imperfect. And when you do log it, you're very disappointed a lot of this night. And it's just a bitch to go to the table, and then you're very disappointed a lot of this night. And then you're very disappointed a lot of this night. It's hard to stretch any shoes, but on the same notion, because they're softer souls, they don't slide. I feel like I put more thought into which shoes are the right shoes for every exercise, than most people put into their entire workout. It won't perfect for the hacksaw on the first set, because it's almost like it's too much of a heel elevation, because the semi-roller is a 3 inch heel, and these have a 3 inch heel, so like it was a 6 inch heel, which if you think about it, my heel's like, so it's like this. That's what my heel's doing, but I'm driving through my heel too, so I'm not just getting quads, I'm almost getting only quads, but it's just a little bit of contact with the heel, so that there's nothing on the table every other piece. We've done a part two legs, we've done arms, we've done legs, people don't understand that posing is a workout. They think it's just some gay ballet shit, and it is. It's even gay because you make it. But it's still hard to spot, and everybody will just leave the favorite part, so none of us are very good at it.