We're here at ZooCulture with Eric Juicky and if you watch us today's video, we'll be doing lower body today. We're doing upper body. What we do today? We're going to push today boys and girls. Welcome to the welcome to the jungle. You'll probably see some craziness outside of our workout today. We're going to be locked in as much as we can, but we're going to be doing push. So chest, chest, chest, shoulders. I like to push the put these on one day. So I kind of do a modified PPL split. But I find that hitting things with more frequency size to do like just like a chest day. More of like a traditional bro split. But what I found is lowering the volume by muscle group. And then hitting it more frequently has been way more efficient for me. So we're only going to do three movement patterns. We're chest to move in patterns. We're price ups. We're going to focus on lateral head of the delt today. So we'll probably do one. Maybe I'll show my second movement pattern. But the other day, we're raising our upright rowing for a lot of our heads. So if there's only so much you can do, I just am going to show him my favorite movement pattern for that specific muscle group. So first we're going to do is hop into a Hectic fly. It's like one I really like, open with and no pun intended because it really opens up that tissue for me. I used a little one set. As a stretch up similar to what we did with the leg press yesterday. So I actually already did mine, but I'll show you some of the cues I use and you guys as well. So what I have here is I put this arsenal all the way back. So it would seem like, oh my god, why would you need it that far back? But what I do is I let it almost provide that partner stretch. The biggest thing I want to see is this a lot of people will fly like this. And you see how that pushes all the emphasis into the front delt and bicep. So I want to think the first thing I want to do is posture up. I want to push chest up, drop shoulder blades, retract, scape. And I like to cue this almost like by a time you will look up at the ceiling because it's kind of hard to drop your chest. And do it like this when you're looking up, they almost cues that up. And then I want to think when I'm pushing out from the back of the lips, I want to lead with almost the bottom of the palm of my hand. And thinking I'm pushing forward through my elbow. So I'm not going like this when people I see people do a lot is this. But they want to squeeze like I'm going to squeeze my chest. You see how the clothes is off my chest when I go like this. So I'm a lot of people fly here trying to get that contraction. So you want to think, oh I want to squeeze the hell out of my chest. So right, I'm right here. You're not going to be there. You're not going to get any chest. What I want to see is opening up, reaching. Fishing through that outside of the palms of the hands. And you see I keep that chest nice and open up. And I don't roll over it. I don't want to roll the shoulders over it. So I want to get back into that stretch position, reaching back. And then I want to push the palms of the hands out. Just as far as I can go without pushing shoulders over the lower part. And because then in a day, when you go here, it's just performative. Also, I would suggest against holding in the middle of your wrap. Once those fibers cross, there's really no benefit in terms of hypertrophic stimulus. Because really what we want to think about is maximizing mechanical tension. So we're here and we're driving out. Once you get to here and you're just squeezing it, those isometric holds in that contractive position. Aren't going to probably need growth. All they're going to do is tax you and this allowed you from probably getting that extra two or three reps the end of your set. Which would actually be growth promoting. So if you're going to pause anywhere, pause it and stretch before thinking, concerted drive, I don't want to explode and use that stretch. True effects. I want to sink into it. Get comfortable there. And I want to think leading with the palms of hands elbows. And keeping that chest nice and proud. And we want to be here. What is here. You want to think I was teach people a good little like trick. If you've ever seen an NFL game college football game, you see when the O'Liman I played the end. So how to go against a lot of O'Liman. But what they'll do is they'll set. And instead of pushing like this, they'll set here. They'll kick, kick, and they'll push here. So you want to think you're almost blocking like an O'Liman. You want to think chest open and pushing here. And what that does is when I'm rushing them, and I'm coming at them, if they come here, I am able basically manipulate them and get around them. Whereas if they're here and they're back and they're creating that space, it's harder for me to make that move and get around them. So think about it. You're pressing like an O'Liman with block. You're not throwing, but you're kind of getting nice scap or attraction and pushing through. You're going to apply that to your presses and your flies and we'll do that today. Alright, you're going to do that up. So yeah, let's go here on a stretch set. Let's play it safe on there. That's not heavy. Alright, that's nice. So I really want to see way more eccentric control. The other thing I want to see is a slight O'Liman and drop the shoulders. Because when you go here, it's going to push all that and the butt stretch into the butt set. So yeah, it doesn't have to be crazy O'Liman, but this is a hundred and seventy degrees. So this is 180, this is about one. 165, 160, play about there. It's perfect. Good, that's nice. You see how it doesn't come all the way in. Because really to come all the way in in the middle, you really have to roll the shoulders over it. So that's pretty much as far as you go. So what I want to see is you can get the contraction, but don't waste time there's slow the negative down. So instead of taking, let's say the whole wrap is taking you five seconds. I don't want to see one of that in the contracts. I want to see four of that in that eccentric face in the stretch. And then right back into the center. There you go. Good, I'm from how you play with one thing to go. I want you to drop your hands all the way to the bottom of the handles. So what I'm seeing is you get a little shruggy. I want to see you drop down it in. I'm really arched that. That over-exceptly back my arch. I don't want you to keep it all there. See that difference? Look at this fucking chest difference. Just run that one thing dropping his hands because now he's not shrugging up towards the ears at all. And you can see the chest completely open up here and now he's pushing consciously with chest completely different ballgame now. Yep. And we'll take it there. Yeah, you feel like difference when you kind of got on top of it. And if you're a low, we should have realistically different seed heights. Right. Just being different height individuals. Right. So my seat height should be slightly lower. And the other way. I'm going to raise it up to you with three dots. Yeah. So I even like to be a little higher than I was. I'll probably be here and you'll probably be like one up from here and one or two. I also have like very long legs and short torso. So you might not be that drastically different. So for someone like me who is prioritizing chest. You would still do this. Because I normally do back chest dealt and the next day's arms and legs. So I normally do only process for chest because I still want to try steps primarily. And then all close grips. You would still have me incorporate this pre chest process. Well, yes. I mean, looking here physique. I think I'm posing with the yesterday. Yeah. I think a big priority is going to be obviously lots. But still chest as well. I think your arms, your delts are crazy. Dominic. It's just, it's what I was going to look for today to see how much you take over in your press and your eyes with delts just because they are dominant over your chest. And then I want to do a couple like super isolated tries. I think this is your bias at over try step dominant. Interesting. And I don't think that you should think about it as okay. Let me get a ton of tries for my presses. You should think anything in the opposite. Let me get as much chest from my presses. And then let's save a little of my tank to go and hit isolate, try steps and like kill the fuck out of a with a movement. That's not taxing over your chest at all because we're completely locked in. All right. So I'll start putting in flies on my chest. Another thing I want you to think about. A lot of people think about flies as like, oh, like I'm going to get, oh, it's a pump movement. Right? Like I'll do my presses. I'll use my flies to get that like detail. So such a fucking thing is detail work. You're either fucking building muscle. You're not building muscle. There's also a thing is like refinement work or like I'm adding that little like detail on my upper chest. Like that's it. You're creating stimulus to build muscle and you're leaning enough to see it or you're not. So if you're going to come in here and do some pump reps, you're literally just you're burning some calories. Be a might as well go to fucking berries, boot camp, and hop on the treadmill. So that's the idea I want to give you guys. Never treat an exercise like a pump exercise that's not a thing. Like just to get blood flow, wake up and do some pushups in the morning or jerk off. Like I don't like that you want to get some blood flow. But if you want to come in here and train, don't treat any movement. A quad extension, a cable fly as like a, oh, I'm going to get, I'm just going to get some squeezes on this one guys. And if you, if you're going to be able to take the 10 pound plate and goes like this. Sorry, Phil Heath, but you're not doing shit for shit. And you're wasting your time. So I'll show you like what I, I, I, I, I, I, I like to start with a fly because Obviously, if you can do create an elbow angle correctly, I'm going to create a very minimal by summer tea. I'm going to get as minimal front, out the moment you're always getting a summer front moment of fly. But now I'm not taxing my triceps at all. So I'm getting almost all chest. It also saves my tricep endurance for when I really want to kill them later in the workout. So see what I mean by this set. So I'm going to hit probably seven nine reps probably on my own with the stack here. And then I'll probably have you do one or two four reps. It's like out here. But you see even with the stack, my form is not changed. But I've got a lot of good habits. And I've got a lot of good habits. And I've got a lot of bad habits. So I'm going to get a lot of good habits. I've got a lot of bad habits. So I'm going to have you do one thing. His Sun SixTeam I'm going to my right now by keeping myself here and then thinking conscious drive with the chest not rolling the shoulder over here all that stays right in the chest. You can see that line right there. I'm going to grab a little bit of stress. What? Ooh! Oh my god. I got it. Scared me at the end of it. Alright, see you on. I've been using this for so many times. I know I'll have about an inch from full stretcher where I can put it down. I can put it down. So I wouldn't recommend doing that. What I'm doing is I go from here and then I just roll it back. On my palms, I know it's a little bit that far away. Not something I recommend for you guys to do. Put it down one at a time. Just rock down. Down. I push the butt out just to hair. I'm really over your side. Not too much. Just back a bit. Right there. To lead out the bottom of the palms at hands. And then pushing elbows to the opposite wall. That's right there. Pause and stretch. Feel that stretch. And then then push conscious chest. That's it. See how it's not explosive. It's just fucking finding it. Push it. That's it right there. Put it at a difference. Come on. I want you to take the b-roll. And show the difference of these versus when you first set up the first first rep. And that first warm-up set you'll see the distinct difference. And how much that chest is firing. Good. You're coming up. Just a hop. Just hold it there. Just hold it back. Just hold it there. There. Just a little. You know, I think this is all. Nice. There's crazy. Look at chest, my body. Again, how few of them I would normally go. I don't want to be doing 15-20 reps. But what's that like 10-12? That's why I was, I was, I don't know. I mean, I don't really ask to do it. I really don't count reps ever. I just track intensity. If I know that. Yes. I'll track. Especially if I'm in a deficit in prep. I'll start to take note of, okay, if I'm doing the stack. It's all the same. So it's feeling heavy as shit. Then I'm going to take note of that. And just, you know, give that biofeedback to column. So we understand, okay, strength is going down a bit. You know, we're getting a little flat. We need a little high day in there. So gym performance is one of our metrics we track. Because I think if you only go off weight like we talked about, if I was a Q and you would go a little faster, you might have gotten five, six, eight more reps at the same weight without doing this like, like, exact form. And you might conflate that to be, oh, gym performance actually going up. But it might just be that you're just doing the reps slightly differently. And it's just like, it's so slight. Like, even pausing and stretch for a half second, we'll probably take a rep off. A rep that you're off. That's why I don't recommend it for most. But not even lifting for 20 years. 20, 30 years. That's what I just made. But I've got my lifting system 11 that I have such a good. I've done enough times. Like when I tell people, yeah, if you've tracked food for four years and you're in great shape, you still probably have to track food every single day your life to stay in great shape probably not. Because you've done it for so long that you have the patterns. You know, generally what you're eating, you know how to hunger Q. So, yes, I don't think it's necessary for everybody single person to track your food, especially what's created the skill. But it's really important to start out by understanding, oh shit. I thought that was two tablespoons of peanut butter. That's six tablespoons of peanut butter. So, it's like creating that skill. It's the same thing with this with training. I don't need to track every single set. Every single way I use. I have a very good, like, fine-ass brain. I remember a lot of numbers. I have the unique ability. I probably could tell you guys exactly what weight I use on every single exercise we did yesterday for likes for example. But that's just because I have that numbers. Mine. So, I wouldn't recommend it for most. But that's why I wouldn't ever ask me, oh how many reps do you? I mean, I can tell you honestly. I'm generally no kind of row-weapon. But I wouldn't be able to tell you exactly. I don't need to call this dirt insane. Read my thoughts in the spring. If you listen to this song, we're always more�est, but you're prepared. We're the biggest, top-of-the-tricks. We have a cheap drop. We have a cheap drop. We have a cheap drop. We have a cheap drop. We don't have a cheap drop. We don't have a cheap drop. This is a sort of, uh, the four-shorts I'm just going to do a partial reps. And so far, it's like, I'm not taking over with the delts, so that's my rep. I would have already, I would have to start rolling the shoulders over it. I'm not taking over the shoulders. I think it's time to fire, but you can do basically a lot of long leg partials. You don't have to do it, but if you're at a very high level, you'll come to work there. It's just another way to create a sandwich. As I was talking about the zoo culture. So, for the day? If I show myself for a skit. Everyday is like nothing. Oh, not everyday. Is that why they call it zoo culture? Just the second zoo. Just the first one. Just the first one. Just the first one. Just the first one. Just the first one. Just the first one. Just the palms last the wall. That's right there. Just there. That's for it. Yeah. Yeah. If you're more part of the slow, don't explore. Take all the chest. Don't rush or fucking live in that shed. Live in a corner. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Let's go. Make some progress here. This is fucking chance to get better right here. Two more. More and more in the hole that hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Three. Two. One. One. Well, my elbows just straight. No, they're more in the line. But how is watching it? Because I feel by subs now. Yeah, you're probably going to stand to be instead of. I found that a great day here. I'm about here. So if I didn't extend my arm fully, I felt a lot of my anterior dolphin this side. So it's a balancing act. Right. It's like. So if I extend it fully, it can also grab a pack. But then it's by some too. It's also that immobility thing too. So like I've used more often and more frequently. You're going to start to create those straight-outs, stretch out your cavitation. For me, I don't feel I literally can tell you honestly. After the set, I have no bicep fatigue. And no burnt deli. It's literally my chest is cooked right now. Just from a couple sets. And I think there's two things. One is a stretch out of tation. So really getting feeling like that's not the hindrance. It's me because if I were to go here, I'm still able to be here with that mobility. So I'm not pushing any of that tension in front deli. So when you were doing that, you were inevitably when you went from here to here. What's happening is you're getting a little bit of a certain rotation. Yeah. Whereas I'm able if you walk to clip, I'm able to still be here back there. So I'm not taking any of that in the front deli. Because as long as I'm able to keep that elbow down and from rolling over. I'm able to keep tension out of front deli. And then by keeping a little more elbow bend. Now I'm keeping it out of those obnoxious biceps. So I can be here and not feel any bicep fatigue from this movement specifically. Great starter. And I mean like if you were looking at your chest right now. It's completely, I mean it's almost like you grew up, grew it in and down there. So we'll take it. I always recommend for pressing two parts. So one is machine press. It's going to add stability, not say dumbbells are clearly bad. But when you reduce the necessity to stabilize while you're pressing. It's going to enable you probably have better stimulus specifically in chest. And not maybe gas out because of let's say fatigue and your shoulder or any type of body muscle is using to balance. So this is a great example of a machine that I like to modify. And the other thing that I like about it, it doesn't have a bar that comes straight across that would limit you like a lot of plate load machines. They have the nice stability that stretch around your body where it's going to say a Smith machine or bar ball press. Let's have a camber bar. You're basically limited to here where the bar hit meets your chest. So this I love because you'll see what I'm going to do is almost pop my hips up. Be down here, right below the nipple line. And then I'm able to do that. That exact motion. I'll show you guys earlier like the old lineman blocking. We're going to be right here. So what do I have you do? So it's a range of motions. It's crazy. And I need a partner to get into it. I usually have a half foam roller which I can't find right now. It's the one that's cut in half. We don't just like it really wrap my scabs around it. I can't find that. So we're going to use the full one. So with this one, I need the little help into it. So I'm going to roll my butt right up to the base of it. Make sure it's even. And then I'm going to find myself. So those handles are going to be right about here. So I'll take one at a time. So if you swallow, let's go one. And then here. And I got it. You're good. Take your time. You're good. I'm strong. And we are in place. So I'll check the placement here. I'm sure you're all good. I'm going to press the punch. Okay. So I'm rolling it back and then I'm kind of trying to press through like that. So that's how you made one at quarter. What if one is try with one just get the feel? Yeah. And that would be a really good one. Let me do one later and set it up to work. So it's moving so back a bit. There is it there. Oh, no more time. Yep. Just slow on that. You send your paws in stretch. And push out. A little less explosive on the push. And then push the punch. And push the punch. Push the punch. And push the punch. Push the punch. Push the punch. Push the punch. Push the punch. Push. Push. Push. Push. Push. That's so nice. That's beautiful. So you consciously like dug out of there with the chest. Nice. That's really good. Well, as you do, his last couple reps. Well, those things are working so we're going to fail there. So it just makes up on these last few. Right there. There it is. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. I should have just done that the first time. I forgot I was like I know there's a trick I have to get out of this. That's the downside with my high rep training is it's good on my joints, but my lungs are ruined. I have to take three minutes to rest sometimes. I'm not doing very hard cardio, I'm doing like really mild cardio. If I was doing hard cardio, I just showed a rest period, but I don't know if my legs would have stayed at the same size. So I switch grips, I'm going to go still tight here. I'm going to try to do a regression drop set. I'm going to focus the eye crunching more, and I'm going to focus more on upper test here. Still really crazy when I'm going to go in here. You see I can get that kind of core crunch. Still elbow is about 45. You really feel as you almost can see that upper test can be charged. Obviously, I'm going to go a little bit front belt on this. More than you win that kind of decline format, but also a ton of upper test. I'm going to do a little bit of cardio. I'm going to do a little bit of cardio. I'm going to do a little bit of cardio. I'm going to do a little bit of cardio. That was the first one. My lungs didn't get involved at all, it was just tough. So now we're going to mix up our stimulus a little bit. I'm going to do like on fire. It's a tight no we're not going to need our triceps for the last movement for chest. I'm not worried about hitting one or two tricep movements. And then moving on to the prior last test movement, then our lateral belt movement is the last thing. So because we're doing an upper chest fly, I'm not at all worried about hitting triceps before we do that. But to get a lot of our chest to rest, I got a little carbs on my intro workout. Get that glycogen restored a bit. So I want to go back to that last exercise. I'm going to get a little bit more of that early workout glycogen and energy towards my triceps. And then for a movement that's a little bit more less calm. It's a little bit more isolated since we're not doing quite as much weight as I say this. I'm going to save that upper chest fly towards the end of the workout. This is easily my favorite tricep workout on the planet. Pretty easy setup people are like, oh, you should have taken a 30 second grab event. Moving over to the table, cables in the top position. And what I want to do is, I'm going to do a little bit more of the workout. The cable cables in the top position. And what I want to do is just reach back and I'm going to let myself slide down like a, um, little like a side up playground. Push this down. I'm going to lock in elbows. Here. Push through the waist. Keep those elbows tucked back. We're going to grab it right at the body. Get as much stretches I possibly can up underneath the chin, find that pocket, and then push through down to the waist. This I like to almost brace core a little bit. So almost crunch core. And I don't have to worry. I don't mind actually getting a little shoulders over the top right here. Because if I'm back here, posture is good, but I actually get a little more power through the tricep. Be sure to lower the top of it. I think that arm is bordered in the inner side. I got two. Ooh. But what I bet spread out out there is ah I love though look at how the ball is still on you. And I'm sure their at the begin they will take this part once they're straight, but like I said, they are wide shoulderropes, another one. I don't wanna cross back. here it comes. I'm gonna go. Let's start by saying down it. Just reach out behind you. Scanning up. Find it. Okay, he's ripped. I'm gonna get so much of his top grip. I like to hit down so much one. Go high, right behind it. There he is. You do it. And then, down to the waist of the dragon, right at the body. Slow. Find that pocket up higher. Reach. Reach. And then, nice control. Be the twice of down to the waist. That's the right thing. Now, stand top. So, more. Roll the shoulders. Point top. Go. Go. Nice. Good. Throw the body. Stretch pause. Push. Push. Swallow. Swallow. Push. Swallow. Swallow. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Well, there are really extra work on. When you set your face, sometimes you got it like slow. Just set it up more soar. But all you think is, get that a bottom. You're getting into the bottom with your thighs, huh? Then, I want you to think slowly sets it through the tracks. Try to remember, I feel that f***er working. There it is. There you go. How do you do it? Let's go. There it is. Nice. One, two, one. There it all it on. Yeah, I got you one more. Drag it up. Feel that f***ing stretch. Push. Just try to stop. Yeah. I'm dragging it up slow. So, so. How's this stretch only get that nice stretch? It's actually just opening up. I'm going to drag it up. I saw you do those in a video once. You know, are they a year ago? And I incorporated them for a while. It was a pain in the butt to try to get it right. Now I feel it much better. It takes a little just like, just, What's that seeing me in person and have me push you through it and walk you through it? Well, it's completely different. So many little factors that, when you're seeing me, that's this is also why I get a lot of the hate online because it's what you do it or try it and do it actually right? That's what it looks kind of silly. But when you actually think through how this works, for example, when we have a, we're going to push down and that weight is coming from it. Fun about such a, once you get past about here, you're based that line. It's going to be a stretch of scale. We have no tension here. Try such anymore. Now you put this vector force behind you and now I'm back here. I've got no ability to use momentum. And I have a shift on the tension and the stretch position before I go out. So when I have essentially that those fibers lengthened at the longest point. And then I'm here and I push out. I already have tension and try to work. I'm going to push down where the cable is coming from. front of me. I don't have any tension until I get to about here. And then all the way to the bottom where obviously, the fibers are most cross and most contracted. And I get as much benefit from the movement. So when I have been in my arms. And I have a shift on the tension and the stretch position. I have to get a good focus on the fibers behind you and now I'm back here. So when I have tried to work, I'm going to push down where the cable is coming from. So when I have been in my arms. And I have to get a good focus on the fibers. So when I have been in my arms. So when I have been in my arms. So when I have been in my arms. So when I have been in my arms. So when I have been in my arms. So when I have been in my arms. So when I have been in my arms. So when I have been in my arms. So when I have been in my arms. So when I have been in my arms. Well I use these walkings for this. Walkings are nice too. There we have it for you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So. No. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not afraid. Yeah. Yeah. I got it. What do you mean? Yeah. What were you at? I was at one. It's 450. I'm going to go down to 80. All right. So good. No. I'll be up in on this. Good. Nice. Yeah. That's better. Okay. Okay. There it is. All right. Okay. How many help? One. No. Two. No. Yeah. Two. Yeah. Sorry. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So the mistake I was making on the past was I was leaning back and going straight up with them. You're using basically whatever the natural angle is of the humorous staying in that zone. And even sometimes what I'll do is I'll just use this as like a hinge. I'm leaning forward to match that angle even better. So instead of being lean back, I'll actually be here. And then pop back and just use that like a almost just like a pocket. Mm-hmm. And you see the difference now. I'm almost matching that angle. No. My strength curve is so much better. My leverage is better here. Really, it's a bit I probably do the stack pretty easily with this one. Yeah. Schnene the modern world too. Well, nanny. Understood, understand. I'm just gleich as I should do. I got my future tomorrow. So I'm going to find that pocket following the adventure. Nice, man. No good. Yeah. Sorry, little mechanic, I'll show you the test. So you're the player with pushing out, putting them on top. Push those, push them back, your fingers together, and keep them together. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'll just go ahead and get them together though. Put them all the way to the team and you got them all right. Yeah. Yeah. I guess you can find this in some time. She needs to be there. She needs to be there. So come on. Now five or more come on. We're just going to show them. Come on. Come on. Hold it. This is the first time you're stuck. So if I'm going to try to set three times a week or two exercises three times a week. And I wanted to swap some shit out. I probably would swap up the dip machine for one of the crusts out. Because I have pressed them all three days already. But one of them is one hour and a time. I would do one arm. And then I got one that's the bar, but it's not back supported. And then the third one is Vulcan tricep out down and out down and together. So I'm thinking the one the press. That's one of the swap out for laying. And then for I'll have one overhead and I barely feel it. I'll swap this off for that. And I have dips the other two. How'd you like that four bias? I like it a lot. But I'm theory because I don't have a chair. I could just do it standing. Yeah, I'm correct. And just do this. So you create that same angle. Right with Vulcan. Or you're going to do a knee like you do pad down like one of the soft flakes. Right once. Kneeling and then lean. Almost use it the weight to kind of hold you up and it's going to go to the knee and then go forward. It's also really good often. So yeah. This is good also. If you only have an inclined bench, what you can do is do it almost like standing. So you can go here. Wrap around the bench. So kind of pull the rope here. Uh-huh. Basically grab here. Wrap around. And just instead of sitting down. What I would do is just go here on the inclined pop it up. Right. And then you can create that same either. Right. I see. Or go, you'll have, I can't do this at fall forward. So that's like standing. Put it on that fucking right. Right. My hand. I go back here and put whole flakes back. I see your same. I think that same angle. It would just have to be higher. Correct. Okay. I mean, I'm a little torn. So I was, when you're still going to have to worry about it. Conflicking power thought with the top of the bench. But up for you, I would say I put the cable high on a little higher and even a little bit more here to create that same vector force. Sounds perfect. So what I'm going to do is clip in cuffs here. I prefer cuffs just because at the weight I tend to use. On my top end sets. I will definitely start to tax out on my grip. So I have cables just above hip height. I want to make fists with my hands. Like I'm actually doing. I'm holding on to handles. And so this is the mistake I see a lot of. It's still a will. I like this movement arc where I push out first. So I'm going to push out first and then up and back. So I want to see a sweep. I want to sweep down and in. Go to where I get. Cross those cables slightly. Where my hands almost come together. And then instead of pushing up and like straight into the why I want to push out. Push those walls out away from us. And then up. So curve curve same arc back in. Open up that chest. Retreat. You see all that activation that lateral head. And then push out to the wall. And you see that one of the main things I tried to. Coach on this is. I want to try to minimize that trapping moment. And when we see trash getting rolls is going to be the shoulders. Sharking up to the ears. So if I can be here. They see how my shoulders don't travel up. It's the prime example of sure. You could be lateral raising. Fuckin 50 pounds dumbbells. But does that mean you're really working. Your lateral head that well. Probably not. You're probably shrugging your shoulders. You're just doing lower-fied. Trugs. Whereas with this, watch. You can see. Watch. From the very bottom of the move. Watch my lateral head. Fuckin fired. Yep. It fired. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Cool. So nice back-arch. And I want you to pretend like you're pushing the walls out. So slow. So I want you to think. And then you can hear first and then almost open back like this. So close. And you got your head. So first hear. Out. And then you. There. And up all that same. So. Okay. Out first. Make this with your hands. Like your whole-in-two hand. There. So. So. So. Drag it out. Drag out of the bottom. Drag it out in the bottom. Drag. That's it. How's your fucking bathroom? Let's go. Drag it out. That's it. Good. Come on. Drag. That's right. There it is. And it's got. All the way. And. So. Yeah. Go. Yeah. All the way. And. And. And. And. And. And. So. So. So. So. Hi. Oh. So. So. In. Okay. To. And. And. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. And. So. So. I'm losing That contraction and stimulus from that stretch position with that stretcher. You think that's a little little pop It's only people realize how much even That they're gonna reduce the amount of stimulus in that time you're muscle just with that little like fucking right. I got your coin Yeah, like watch the difference between this route Yep And this route Spacey I'm tossing out there and catching it Where's I really want to try to get absolutely right? I find that my second set is the squeeze my first set's always Performative and I'm trying to get to that number and that's you like Summery second logbook Oh Haha Yeah There is not a fall that soon or that time. So out and then up and down pushing it. Yeah, that's it. That's perfect. So out and down pushing it. So out and down pushing it. So out and down pushing it. So out and down pushing it. That's it. I suppose I feel a lot of front though. I came out of a straight at film one bit although. Yes, it's kind of playing around and see what works best for you. I like to do these. One of two ways. One is I'm going to show you the dual. If you guys are trying to hit upper chest, obviously those fibers are running this direction. So we want to kind of match that fiber alignment with where we're doing. So you can either do that with basically a press here from this angle or a fly where keeping elbows. Almost in a fixed position or trying to push out and almost underneath the pack. A lot of the biggest mistake is see a lot of people making so they're trying to upper chest. They're trying to they want to do this. So they can do they're like, oh, don't get any more upper pack that way. But what's happening is you have to be basically opposite mover. So if we're here going up that cable is down here. Now we're drawing that line of force. It's basically going front, dealt and by set. Whereas if we're here and we're drawing that line now here. That angle force that's coming from behind us now is perfectly aligned with those upper chest. You'll see how I hit these. So a little different queuing that I would suggest on most presses. So I'm going to wrap around and what I'm going to actually do is actually crunch core slightly here. Well, I remember the opposite push with the upper chest. And always centered. There's a stretch. You know, see that upper chest behind you here. We see even throughout these center control. So the upper chest stays on. It's the other ending point is not too high. Watch when I go too high. So the chest turns off completely. Watch a difference or watch my chest here. You can see your blue one in your eyes. You can see all these birds keep their presence. And I'm so much better than taking a ride. Oh, for your big eyes. Oh, for your two toes. Oh, for your eyes. Oh, watch it. Oh, watch it. Oh, watch it. Oh, watch it. Oh, watch it. There it is. Push, push. That's it. It's a push. It's not a press because we're not actually. We're not going from here to here. But we are going from here to here. So it's like a scoop. It's out of press. It's not a fly. It's a scoop. Probably one of the hardest new ones. Yeah, really popular like it. Yeah, it's a good opportunity. I've seen your upper chest look like that's the group. And together today or in person. I don't think it's see how much more activated from one side. Yeah. Yeah. This one's one of those ones that I have to be careful about because it's like one of the only chess movements I cue almost like crunching points that have really extending and opening chess. I actually want to be crunched here. And so I could think, right through that upper chest. So you really have to know why this isn't your first move. Is this the opposite? Correct. So I'm not opening up. I'm not. It's not opening my chest. It's good to see that. It's really good to see that. So I'm going to try to set up on the bench. So I'm going to set up all the hooks on the front. Let's stand up and set up on the front. And then you can put it down. And then you can put it down. So if you just imagine that either. I'm going to set up a bit of the other. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, that's pretty. Looks like he got the Jerry. Sounds bad. Oh, the Jerry. Oh, that's this. Ah, this is pretty bad. It's been helt loud. I'm sorry, make sure I said I'm a side chest. So I make sure to come under me that far, packin' and scoop it. So you're doing your very side chest. You're kinda coming over like that. That's a good thing too. So I can come under even push it up instead of to last you. That's a much better way of popping different. And underneath it now puts up. There it is. And turn to the judges and roll two points to open up. And underneath it. Yeah, you see some to the either of that. That's where I really were working on this train that way. And my side chest. Where you send up to your most side way. Squeeze the upper body. You want to keep the lower body side with your turn. Keep rotating. I'm gonna incorporate all that shit. Yeah, for sure. I mean, you're a sponge. I'll give you queues and you welcome up right away. So I think the biggest thing when you're not with me. Two things. One is the explosive concentric. I think you're gonna have to untie that. Into that jam it out. And the other thing is when you're controlling the eccentric. Sometimes you're doing it slow just as a safety measure. I want you to think if you're doing, let's say this. But that upper chest movement. I want you to think when you hit that. I want you to think I'm letting it back. I'm controlled with my chest. Right. I'm not just letting it back slow to let it back slow. I'm getting here. And then I'm here. See that shit. See I'm still in it. And that's when I come out. So the whole movement. Squeeze it up and squeeze it on the way down. So I want to see it. I don't explode up and lower it down the rat you like for safety. Yeah. So like I said, even like if I try to push down on the incline measure. You can tell like you're like releasing the triceps completely. And you're almost controlling that that eccentric through like your forearm and almost like lat. A little bit. It's fun. So you actually weren't controlling your tricep. It was turned off. It was like, you do and you were like. And then you're a little dragging it up the body. You can see your tricep almost like feathering. And like almost like, what's the word I'm looking for. Diseculation. Yes. On the way up. So that's what I want to see is so it's not just about going slow. I'm the eccentric. It's about keeping the tension on the muscle and the eccentric through that target muscle group. I got you. It's a whole different. All right. So I'm going to relearn how to do concentric and eccentric. And incorporate the new exercises. A lot a lot. Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's cool because I just this is kind of like a deal a week. I'm only training four times. So therefore when I get back, I'm going to have a new block anyway. So I might as well just write the new program with the new exercises. And I'll have to reset my log book because if I could get 15 with X on hamstring curls before and set two I'm getting eight because I'm squeezing it up. Now I'm going to go in there with the mindset like we're going to keep the weight about the same and we're going to squeeze it up. Yep. And squeeze it on the way down. All right man. So you're going to do some math. Yep. All right. What I find with rats, especially is that I like unilateral training for a couple of reasons. One is it allows you to isolate once I have another. Really create that my life. The other thing is biasing. What I mean by that is it allows us to create better alignment for the last specifically by we're not rotating. We're actually going to lean out and you'll see how much my lat opens up to fire. So we're going to do here is basically a bed supported. Yeah, I would tell you like honestly you're not going to need your belt for anything we do today for back. So it's not it's probably going to actually be a hindrance. Right. So what I want to do is hold this down here. I want to create leverage with this front foot here. I'm going to push in and I want you to come around on the southern side. And I want to see the difference in my lat right here versus what I buy us out. So watch it here. Now watch. See that lat. So I can get kicked on right here. And then what I want to do is push forward towards mechanism. You see how they get to crazy lat stretch. Please see how many crazy lat stretch here. If you even stretch it my lat is still on. Feel my lat. See how it's still on. But now watch the difference where I rotate up and this one most people do. It's completely just off. So it's there's a difference between stretching it. And actually reaching and and feeling still padding contraction. The muscles are the difference between reaching here. And almost keeping that elbow bent and that palm neutral. And then what I want to think is we're going to pull down first and then into that hip pocket. So we're going to pull almost down with the elbow. Always thinking to hands a hook. Elbow we're pulling with we're pulling with the elbow down first. And then into that hip pocket. And then we're going to right back the way we came. So instead of going straight up. We're going to go here. Pushing forward first. Reaching reaching reaching reaching open open open open open. So the elbow is never completely straight palms neutral. And then sinking it down into that pocket. Forward first. And then. All right cool. And it doesn't matter that your elbow is ending out here. Because that's as much as lat you need right. Yes. So I'm manipulating body angle in this direction. So from a hip hinge not a rotation. That's the biggest mistake I see you. But when people try to emulate my form. Is that instead of reaching here. And matching that angle for the lat. Where they go. Here and they start to rotate and they try to get more stretch like this. I never stretch like this. I stretch. Here and then. Into that pocket. Okay. That allows us to maintain that. And then what I want you to see. I hear your little far forward right now. So I want you to put your feet this foot. I'll let's like up all the way to here. Yep a little more. And closer to the bench. And now I want you to screw your body out. This way a bit. Yes. Double bend. And then I want you to make sure your elbows are in my or your shoulders are in my with each other. Yep. And now I want you to feel that lat right here. And instead of pulling straight back. Once you pull down first. And then into that pocket. And I'll push forward first. Reach. Reach. Feel that lat almost rip off the bone. And then down into that pocket. All right. Good. And then just pick the body up just a bit. And then leverage out some more. So you see how you're hitting the bench. There it is right there. That's it right there. Slow on the up. Remember you're just down here just like that. You do let that eccentric go. I just felt it. Do you feel your lat? And I'll let me let me try it with the. Yeah. Let the lat take the eccentric. Slow. See how you just let it go. There it is. Little better. Good. Good. Good. How's your grip doing you to re-drip? No, I'm good. Okay. I got my heart. I just keep hitting the bench. Yeah. So I've saying you got a leverage out. So take this leg. Stick it all the way out for me. Okay. There you go. Okay. Yep. Oh man. If you let it, looks like a. Yeah. Turkey dinner right now. Perfect. Good. And then the only thing is when you pull rock back in. That's right there. Okay. Got. Last one. Yeah. Other side. Yeah. Feel out on that. It's a lack difference. I literally listen to that with him. It's a lack difference. I'm sorry. I was hit it. I was hit it. I was hit it. I was hit it. I was hit it. I was hit it. I was hit it. I was hit it. I was hit it. I don't know where it goes straight. I'm going to jump to the top of the rep. Keep that slight elbow then. At the top of the rep. That's stretching. That's stretching. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I should go to the body slightly see that. I think I'm going to turn the hand here. That's it. There it is. There it is. Push forward for it down and forward. Yeah. There it is. I'm going to loop it back in and down and forward. Do I get first? Yeah. I assume we got a few. I'm just going to guide you. You're still pulling on this guy and keeping the hand out. Yeah. That's it. See that difference? Yeah. It's a lot of you loop it in. That's what you're doing. That's why I want you to. That's why I want you to. That's why everybody's like, dude, you don't have to do that. It's full on the concentric and they're or the eccentric and the reason I do it is because that's where I find I can really lock into like let's say that very nuanced movement arc where obviously it's it's going to be if you just shoot it up you're not going to be able to find that. You're only going to slow as you have to to keep the same tension in the eccentric that you do in the concentric. That's yes correct and also like that. It's not an arbitrary force. It just happens to take that on. Just want to maybe stay in that pocket. And the fact that you're losing reps because of how long the eccentric is is a relevant. More way more to keep that. It's high-munder tension anyway. So I even like for example like this is what like for example like a working set will look like it's often way for me. I'll show you a quick. It's necessary to think at least that way, but it's okay. Like as well. That's why I swear to you. Okay, with that fall partner, I tried to get out of like, pretty much too fairly at what five to six reps. And like, so for me, there's no part of that set that was unsafe. I see you're like a troll is so high and I've got, do that the entire ratio when I push out and he said, I could all that control I had. In the essentially, I looped it into almost like, push forward into stretch in the eccentric face. And I also think down and forward first. There it is. Loop it in. That's it. Not that I know where they're going. Yes. With the irrationaly set that goes. Push forward, push forward, pull back, pull back and then you get in. I got you the two of you know, let's go. I got it. Yup. Oh. Oh. Big truck. Big truck. Big truck. Big truck. Big truck. Thank you. Yeah. That's it. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I'm gonna stretch this and open it open. I'm gonna do the last. Ah, that's it. There's no stress, no, no, no, no, no. I'm gonna do it twice like that. I'll just stretch it. Just sort of pull right through that loud runoff. Oh, do it again. Yeah, that's it. Yeah, that's it. I don't think so. That's completely different. Yeah, awesome. I've had a last breath right now. Yeah, that's. This one's especially good for like that lower last. We're gonna kind of do like a row almost pull over a combination. So there's the ball correct there. Maybe someone brought that with him. No, that's here. It's been a bit different. So we used to win that beat better for this than that. Because, um, yeah, we can probably use this. Also, but either or you get strapping, I use my straps on this. I think you're gonna think you're out. Brought where walk it back. So like a Dante row, but it's just support Dante row. And then we're gonna pull low though right here. We'll try to get down. Same movement arc that we're doing on. Right. So you got just down first. So yeah, down big stretch. Re-3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3. We're gonna come behind, look at my lap. We're probably gonna take the gauge when I get it. So we'll try the rope at CIO feels. Let's take a like 70, 60, 70. Oh, I'm around, pop up legs over. All right. Good. Mimple line up higher. So you need to walk away up, walk right there. We're at there, you got 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, stretch. Let's squeeze it to it. Still all guys are doing 6, 6, 4, 1. So you're still going to pull around to the rope. I'm gonna bend it up. 4, and we'll try to get it in this part. We'll try to get it in a minute. Like that. That's how I got it. You got to keep it around. Yeah, keep it around. Yes. We need to press the pressure stuff. We're gonna be able to do that. Thank you. Last two, I'll do the palm muscles. Really, really good. We need each other. You know the palm muscles. Thank you. So that's each stretch. And we'll have the same stretch. It was too heavy, probably. Yeah. Yeah, we were still trying, I think we were trying it too much into a pull over. Okay. I need you to still roll. You're still trying to dig those elbows back. I still hope it's still a row. It's not a, like a pull over the sensor. Not trying to, just keep it here. Really, it's going to be just a little slight bit higher up on the bend. Okay. You were too down on it. All right. I think if I use the ball, can it wouldn't be so much elbow? Because I think the grip was so, let's watch it. Roodle. I wasn't feeling the lat. Yeah, there you go right there right there. Yeah. Yeah. And place yourself higher. So stand there. You know, standing up. Yeah, you even go up there. Last explosive. Last explosive. They pulling with the lat. That's it. Slow, slow, slow. Reach, reach. And then drag out the hole. There you go. Drag out of the hole. Drag out of the hole. Reach and stretch. Stretch, stretch. Stretch, stretch. Stretch. Stretch. Now drag. That's your best wrap right there. Reach, reach. Open and stretch. Okay. Thank you. The two more. Yeah, one more. Nice. I got it. Oh. Yeah, having my knees here helped a lot. Nothing on the elbow. I got it. Yeah, having my knees here helped a lot. Nothing on the elbow. I got it. I got it. I got it. Whoops. It helped a lot. Nothing on the elbow by using the ball, Rick. Yeah.ıyorlar. The first set I felt a little bit out of here like a 4 out of 10. This set I felt at the eight nine hundred hundred hundred hundred ten are perfect. I need a hard punch for reach. What I want you to do too. Here's all I was thinking is it's got a little higher up so you can just get one. Can do one. Try get a two yoga blocks. So you're gonna put the you put your knees up oh shit. That's good. Yeah So that you're knees up on that Remember don't explode those hands neutral find the stretch and then pull with this that's it right there Not bored in Good come on reach reach reach find that stack. Let's go nice Reach big stretch big stretch Strive it in there you go come on One more with me one or two more with me. Let's go drag it out don't explode. I got you find that big stretch don't explode It's fucking awesome. Do we really did two sets of middle delts four sets of last four sets of tri-sets of sets of chests Oh, yeah, you do that's a real more volume than ever I can land house kind of thinking we do a like a true push for God That was kind of just gonna show you how you do six sets of chests three sets of middle delts three sets of Revalued and six six eight sets of lats and then the other one I do the lats first I do six sets of lats two sets of rows Then it six sets of chests three sets of three three hours and then the next day is six sets of tri-sets of Six sets of biceps three sets of hamstrings five sets of quads three sets of adept your three sets of calves Three sets of abs that one's a solid three hours and I do that a b a b a b one day off I'm never and I never really get sore You know my my upper body workouts are Right everyone says they get through so fast. I don't know how that's possible Well, I mean I do so for example my back my my full day back rise for your delts I'll hit like six sets of lats So I'll do like those new lateral poles or like a dual compound hole and then I'll do Like a something like this like a bench supported lateral then I'll do a bench supported upper back rule like that or so one over there That's it for back. I'll do like an in blind bicep curl two sets. I had that Mike four five minutes Now I'll do like a lying bicep variation or I'll just a like then Bias then I'll hit like two sets of root delts I just think I think your volumes a little much Well, I'm a resource so I mean Well, regardless of whether your sore not does it mean there's a log to measure in turns and your training is certain point doesn't mean that Sourness isn't isn't always indicative of fatigue you know, they're like You know markers and maybe you would be able to Like a few of mine set is oh fuck about all these sets get done of course You're not gonna be like what I'm trying to teach you to do Taking every set and milking it like I tell you the other thing you're doing this we're doing every set is beyond failure with two four stripes I do know four straps Yeah, it's not about failure. It's more about like how much you see me controlling the negative Right, and that's more so what I'm talking about less about the four stripes I don't do those normally myself because I have you here. Okay. It's fun to do right, but what I do that normally I get on to you if I'm paying my soft I can't divorce I might do some length and partials, but that's I mean That's where I'll do those on my baby twenty percent of my size. Okay, but it's more so the mentality how you always see me Hewling like you know slow down the negative no no positive stretch because I think if you've got fucking that many sets to do You might not be focusing as much on execution. I know I've only got 10 sets or 12 sets in the full work like I'm doing six sets of lats or six sets of four sets of lats Two sets of upper back and then I've got two to three sets of biceps and made two three sets of root Elts I'm making sure that every fucking one of those sets is Absolutely perfect because I know I don't have another 10 sets to get it right I've got fucking four sets of lats. I will say that after 90 minutes my focus is shot The first out first hours very focused. That's why I always start with lats or arms His host of the priorities and then everything else is just If it grows it grows if it doesn't it does it so I want you to watch like and I and you can you can watch back Your video on this yeah versus like what a set for me would look like if I would do like this You Let's live alone in thirty Six days There are no preparements and strength Still live alone in thirty Londo cuuuuuu P스 P P 2led 5 mình's not putting on a tie This is way easier to pass Though life has I'm supposed to eat ice in twice going into workouts a week, right? Like two full workouts? Yeah, so you're gonna get in 12 sets of last week. It's crazy. insane. It's crazy. Yeah. Nice. That's better. That was it right there. That was the better one. Yeah, dude. That's it, man. Like fucking every rep I execute like that. Dude, if you can take one thing, you can fucking train with me. Take that. That was what a rupture feel like. Yes. So like Joe Benin says, it's like forget how many reps can you do one rep? Yes. That's fucking great saying. It's such a good saying. It's like something of a circle principle, which is too confusing, but give me one good rep. You have to do it. You have to fucking execute one. And then next week, I have to execute it. Next week, give me two good reps. All right, man. Thank you so much. Absolutely.