You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. Okay, what is your the big stretch guys you never stretch because your every rough is a stretch. It's like a little if I were to stretch with you beforehand then it would be a disingenuous to my brand. I literally like I make a whole point that I'm like I literally don't stretch so I use my training to as a basically hyper mobility like almost weighted partner stretch every single rep and you'll see what I mean. That's why my body feels so good because my training is like a way to beat myself up. It's a way to grow in a way that I'm actually creating those stretch adaptations as I train the way I explain to everyone. Is that the reason why you're the one in the world I want to dream of with anyone else. It's because you're the only big guy who uses optimal training who does the slow eccentric the deep stretches you prove the skinny scientists right and you prove all the meat heads wrong. You can still grow muscle doing it the smart way. All right, well ready. Well, that no fucking hit some legs. All right, cool. This is most mobility I do for a legs that our leg session is just in the beginning and then obviously from there everything is just every rep is that kind of therapeutic idea of okay. How can I maximize stimulus all minimizing obviously the joint stress and then also using every single rep is an opportunity to continue to hyper mobility. So I'm going to use the slight heal elevation here. I usually have a wedge. I don't have one of this Tim's. I just have foam roller when I'm here and for my mobility is also got on the squat also have a lot of shoes and then I've got yoga blocks underneath the lower back. These two things one is put me more horizontal so you can see I'm almost if you were to draw a line for my shoulders to my hips. I'm pretty much. Poor as I'm all to the ground like basically parallel to the ground so that's going to allow me to take a lot of pressure off the lower back. So as I descend here and pull my butt down using these if I'm up here in a pinch for I'm not going to be able to get the same range of motion and you're basically collapsing here and creating a very severe angle. So your hips better be hyper fucking mobile because you're going to start taking a lot of strain the lower back. So what I've done is put myself more here so I can get that kind of heal to butt without having to. I'm not worried about a lot of that pressure going my lower back so here I just start here with the mobility set. And like I'm able to start with three three's about a sweet spot for me and my size because I need enough that. I'm able to get like have it almost push me down whereas if it's like two it feels nice but it's not really enough to get me down to that deep range. I let the knees track slightly out but you can see how comfortable I am here even like just at the beginning of the session like I have no problem like pushing this leg out with three plates on there. Like opening up the hips the adopters because you have to think all the stuff ties in together so if your hips are tight it's going to pull or your or your adopters here are tight you're going to start tugging here all the way through to your lower back and it's going to start to lift off. So what I would say is you know get really comfy here you can use I like to use my forums to kind of like give myself that little bit of kind of support and then also allows me to kind of push the knees out almost like a butterfly stretch. So right now I'm mobilizing my quads I'm mobilizing my. I'm mobilizing my hips my glutes even so when I push out here realistically especially if I push one in I'm going to mobilize all the way through that kind of lower glute. I mean and then as I push lower here you can see every single like 10 seconds I'm able to kind of get that heel closer to the butt and that's that's the end game right if I can get that heel pretty much down to my butt without lifting off. That's I'm basically getting this angle to zero and that's going to make from a torque perspective or from an external force perspective that weight that three plates. At this angle of knee flexion is probably synonymous to six or seven at like let's say 90 degree knee flexion so like what we would like normally see. A pro body will like a Ronnie Coleman sound like press where they're coming down the seats higher and then they're only coming down to about 90 degree knees. The amount of force that is required to get out of this bottom position is about twice as much because you know I've done that range of motion for a lot of years and done this range of motion I can tell you it's a whole different ball game in terms of how it feels in terms of the amount of force production that's required so. I'll sit down here for a good like be at in my session like two or three minutes is opening up everything feeling like really comfortable and then what that allows me to do is just kind of hop into my one more like kind of lead in set and then right into work to hard working sets and then we move on and then from there the rest of the workout. feels so open up we can go right into whatever you want hacksquat a super squat a pendulum Bulgarian and I don't have to worry about okay now I have to do three warm upsets here because I just beat the hell on myself at 90 degree reps on the leg press so I feel even tighter than I did when I walked in we want to feel like every single set beyond these first couple working sets everything feels very. I'm just going to do some moves and lubricated and actually that those the like press that's not being kind of therapeutic in a sense so I always warm up with leg extensions to create sauce my cloth I noticed you didn't mention those you not do leg extensions. I do them later in the workout I treat my leg extensions as a very hard working exercise for my quads I think they're very hyper trophy in the sense of I instead of having to load let's say. with like a really heavy pendulum or a hacksquat which are great but you're going to get a lot of gluten volumint and I'm trying to avoid whereas you know with quacks and you get loaded you can stretch it we're going to add pads to it and so if you use it as a. pre-exhaust what I find is you're using it as a warm up whereas it's such a good growth tool that I don't want to think of it as a like let's say warm up or throw exercise I want to use it as a. I'm doing like like work. I'm doing like drop sets and I'm not just. So what I find is this mobilizes better and what we know is obviously. Of course the. So if I were to go and kind of crush myself with something that's I find a little bit easier on the CNS later in the workout then I can come I can make sure that I can maximize load here to then. I'm going to do probably at least 80 or 90% of what I would be able to do first thing in the lab notice that too that I can if I do 25 reps with 150 pounds one leg first I can still get it 22 reps and 150 pounds last correct. So my whereas I think the leg press you'd really you need to have a really suffer in terms of like your ability to top drive top and load. So you just sit down I want to put this a little lower to the bottom so sit on there need them. Yeah, so sit all the way down on the on the seat yeah. And then you kind of want to roll so that that's so I would the pads a little lower for you then like oh I want to like kind of right above. You're like upper glue like kind of right there and another would to match it there you go a little more. There is right there now fucking lie over here so once lays you back like that. And then I want to go I don't know if I'm going up we'll see. We just just push it up and then we'll rack it down one there you go now down a little bit there you go. Share back and then let's set this right back here and then as we continue to mobilize obviously the lower back will kind of start to like stay down a little bit more but they see how with the blocks doesn't feel like you're like. Stringing is much on the lower back. So I want you to do is when you reset it at the top so push back up and then I want you to pull your butt down with your hands like with handles. There is a lot lock in there. Use it to lock in and try to pull the keep the butt down a little more. Just when plates heavy when you do it like that. Oh go like one more like lead in set which this set is going to be a little less of a pause. That's perfect. See what I see is you see I kind of lock in here as I descend I try to almost like crunch core and then I just try to like let those knees track the slightly outside of armpits and then I walk back at the bottom to really get that like. Knee over to crazy stretch feel so see what I mean. Grace crunch down pulling myself down here pull pull pull pull pull and then as I get towards the bottom I pull chest open. Wow that's so flexible. And then here to self-seem up. See a lock lock lock lock lock. Pull, self-seem up. Drive out. That's a good one more so one more good lead in set. We've tried to play through. Lower is not getting greedy if nothing else. Now that's the stimulus even if I under train it is still going to work. I'd say if I were working sets will be maybe 2 and a quarter. So this is one more like lead in set just to get really comfortable with the movement. Everything up so we want this here. Now we want this here especially lower for you so I have mine about here. Alright but for you like right about that. And then set all the way down. That's nice. Yep slow is under pull, fucking down hard. Pull down hard hard. There you go. It's far too. Nice. Block in pull. Nice. You're going to get even more quad. You keep those knees a little tighter. You can do these a little tighter. Like right to like armpit. You see where my landed on me? Yes yes yes yes yes you're going to see how you get that crazy quad stretch. There it is. One or two more just like that. Right there right there. Good. Nice. That's it. Let's go. Stretch stretch stretch. And out that's it. Money. Oh terrific. So I got to keep my big toe down if I want my lateral quad so flutter. Yeah I figured that out. And also just like you have to think the more you're here and the knees flare you're going to get more. Okay. More of that's what's that tie and right here. Gluten and doctors. Horace you can keep it. Just right outside armpits. You're still going to get that's why my fucking doctors look the way they do. You're still going to get some but we get a lot more. Which is the goal is sweet. Right sweet breakfast. That was good set. I think that was pretty much failure on that last wrap. That was pretty close. How do you two play it's fine good for you? That was hard. It's humiliating but hard. Yeah that was definitely a work set for me. That was not a warm up set. Great. That was funny, went. That was crazy. Good. Music Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Awesome. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. Huh. Huh. Somewhere on there. Yeah. Yeah. So next set we're going to do a little horse force. Oh, shit. Oh, shit. Yeah. Seven plates. So I have knee wraps. You ever use those? Or not like this. Rough, not in a real. I like these. It's a compression. One might have no knee pain in whatsoever. So I use these as almost like his to keep. And slight compression. Whereas I never use rafs or anything. It's because like you see that's like nice heavy. But for me that weights still so controllable. But I don't feel like oh shit, I need a crazy amount of compression. Realistically, that's everybody's 90 degree knee flex. I get stack out here. And then all the way, you know, five, 12, 13 plates. But then decelerating a 90 and then like piston type reps. That's where my knee is. I need those crazy raps because you see how the cadence, too is a big portion of that. People are like, well, why do you do a foot so no you're going to pause this. It decelerates the weight. So fully, you have to think from a physics perspective how much less force. It's a mass time acceleration. So 5 decelerating itself 7 plates on a 6 sec. The eccentric, you amount of force to the bottom of the wrap is much less in terms of that deceleration that I need. And it's a function. Well, you're questioning it. Think about 15, 20 reps of 15 plates. How much force at the deceleration point has produced. So that's why I focus less on the weight. And that's why even at that set, I could take these knee raps off. It makes zero difference. Should you three or should I do two? I said you two, you're pretty much like close the failure to two. Yeah, I was about one rep in reserve. So, knees just outside of, or in pitch right there. Yeah, student, plife feel brutal, right? I'm good with it. Getting those heels almost touching that butt. Yes. That was going to help you out of that. Very loud. Very loud. Very loud. That's really nice. That's really nice. That's really good. You can feel that. It's like, it's like, that's all that I've heard of. See the little, little out. Go ahead and wrap. That's really nice. That's really nice. That's really nice. Yeah, dude. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. That was all the quad and no glue. There, maybe. Yeah, I'm actually going to do just like, and show you that I can do it too. I'm going to drop down to six. And I'm going to play with that super little placement as well. This I can show the viewer is just how you can actually make the weight even heavier on your quad. Just by flow placement and using this as well. Just because the biggest problem with most people when they drop the feet too low, is the heel sucks to severely lift. But if you have somebody this or a squat wedge, right? You can put on your heels. You know how that problem, right? You don't feel like your heels will hurt. The whole reason why don't you do the leg pressure. The ass wanting more is because I never figured out how to use the wedge. Yeah. I've been doing about squat or power squat. Yeah, because I can use the wedge. And these don't look like it, but I turn these into squat shoes. Yeah. I took the the solos out of those. Put them in here and put versus wedge in these. Okay. Yeah. Now, I have an extra two sets of versus the pitch. But I knew that with this we'd have enough. I got the pickies off of this one. So you guys can see how it's stimulus is going to be. So the closer up it goes to the steepness. Correct. So this is where I'm going to get you already see at this and this like that. That is from placement. That's the opposite. Okay. That looks like what comfortable. That's how I kind of push right into here. Okay. But I was higher up for my first time. But I wanted to show you guys like this is probably your feel harder. That's six and seven day with my feet higher up. Right. That's why I will get a lot of guys. So we're fucking like pressing up. I used to do that with 13. Right. Now I do this with my last. Now I'm going to use this cap. I'm going to buy a half a foam roller and you get with me. Also, I do a leg for the almost like small these. It's a wedge and it's foam. So it doesn't slide at all. Okay. Cool. That's a classic or metal one. That's a funny deal flying. I take my own equipment for the gym all the time. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's a great set. That's a great set. I think that's easier because more of my foot was in good place. I was fighting up here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Whoa! Holy shazik! Oh shaz san il Oh shaz Heye What? Ah can I No oh no Oh no Oh no So on the second of the last set, it's 25 pounds of forage on the last set. It was about 60, 70 pounds of forage. That's a wrap last replica, 60, 70 pounds of forage. In terms of the assistance? Yeah. I'll take every pound of it. I'm also not a big tracking guy, I'm a big stainless guy. Just because I know, for example, that six plates fell harder than a seven with my feet three inches lower. Right. So if I'm tracking, then I'm like, oh, I'll falcon me a week or really made. You just take yourself out and on the right side. So what I do is once I have, once I introduce the next size into a block, I do not change the variant on that. Yeah. The whole eight or twelve weeks. That makes sense. When I rotate it back in, I'll adjust it then. But like, even some of those, even though the full plate didn't have anything the same, when I queued you in and I had you controlled it and I gave it more and they said exploding on the bottom at that point. Excellent. I put a plus and I put it. So only like if it's eight plus seven or eight plus four plus eight. I only count that eight when I go. So what do I have to be? Oh, yeah. The extra stuff's just extra. So I'm going to keep that tempo consistent and then how you drive, how the bottom rep. So I will say, for example, for me to drive, even with a good negative eccentric. From here, this, even though I get same eccentric control and then I go fear, it's completely different route. Right. So if it's not smooth, I don't track. Yeah. And this is a finesse move. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, think on the kick. Yeah. Yeah. Johnny. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, look at. I heard you hit the chest. That's the Superman. The show will win the game. I'm out. Oh, I'm out. Alright. They pass. I can go deeper. If you can go deeper, you can go to the room. She won nice control. That's it right there. That's slow. He said it's slow. Slow. Slow. Slow it. They pass. I'm going to tell you one. Two. Two more and three. They got them on. Ah, come on, come on. Come on. Came to play today. Let's go game fucking time. Let's go. Pause it. I'll tell you one two. Two, one. Out. Drive. Drive. Drive. Drive. Drive. Drive. Drive. It's all the same. Call of the set. They got 7 plus 3. Yeah man. That's all I counted. Terrific. How'd you like those? That was great. Well, I said they come scare and they leave satisfied. You said it's accurate. I was worried about cardio vascular work. It's you and it wouldn't hurt me. I know I wouldn't get a damage ginger plot entry or knee injury. I just thought I'd be throwing up. Ah, sorry, this one real quick. What I like to do is add these for more range of motion even though the remains are most on this mayhem is fucking terrific. So I do as we're out this around the bottom. I find my way in. Weird. I know dude. So I find my way in. Let's get the piggy's out again for these. So you can see the stimulus. So I find here. Get nice and balanced. Make sure the pads even. So see how it's almost wrapped around the edge. Yeah. Then I'm going to lie all the way back. You see how much stretch I already have. Okay. Bye being here. And then like kick out. Yeah. Oh a bodEST thing to count it so. Mm. wow. Mm. Oh fuck, that's a lot of weight. That's why I make that little shorter. It's here. Then you're going to basically find your way over it first. Yeah, I'll let it under first. There you go. And then keep it low. And then it's like fall over it. Yeah, pull butt down. There it is. There it is. There you go. You got it. Three. So, so, so, so. Just put put put put put. Yeah, two parts. Two parts with half. Stretch. Control all this stretch. Push. I see keep that butt down. So, you can always appear. Two hips. I don't know why I'm that easy to do. I don't know. Push out. Put one more. Good. I probably should use one pad. Huh? I probably should use one pad. Yeah. Because I don't have enough, I think, to. For, well, that's not my way. It's just how you use a shit ton of like pulling on these handles. Like, I'm probably pulling now, they're good like. Like a two or three other parts. Yeah, you got nothing.jay. Push out your side. Cho. Woo. Nice. Ah. I was your daddy. Let's go to my car. Not a, oh yeah, seven sets total. I still want to touch channels because it's a week point for me today. But what I've been doing is touching hands drinks three times a week. I'll do a little bit on my pole day. A little bit on my quad focus like this. And then I'll do a lot on my posterior focus like this. So like how my posterior focus like it I'll do. Some sort of like deficit RdL or GHVanage HD hamstring bias. And then like a seated stretch by a hamstring curl. My second day I'll do the stretch by a hamstring curl. Heavy for like two to three sets on my back day. And then on my pole day and then today I'll do lying hamps for two heartsets. Solce touch them three times a week but not with a crazy amount of volume. I just want to get more frequency because if I hit them so hard that they're not recovered. But if I'm hitting them close to every two to three days, max almost max two days then I'll fuck myself over a pile. I go up or lower up or lower up or lower up or lower up. So I have three sets of leg curls. Three sets of leg extension, two sets of a press every forty-eight hours. So I end up getting nine sets of hamstrings, fifteen sets of quads. That's what it's all about like human volume but I just think that the volume like face on the way as research is better split than trying to fucking right. Of cool. The mall is yourself in one go. First sets are always your best set. So do you have three first sets of weeks? It's better than getting one first set or two first sets. It's the best flying hamstring car we were used up. What's up, bro? It's the best flying hamstring car we were used up. Okay. Okay, okay. Thank you. Oh, dude, see if I'm trunks are all the way up as ass. Oh, that's your remote. Yeah, that's your towel bro. Yeah, bro, I'm not training hard because I'm not sweating like that. Should there's a matter if it's off the edge around the edge? Oh, I like it slightly off the spare leg, yeah. Right there. Yeah, we're going to have a nice match. It's going to be a full countdown down to three, four, even so a full puff in the sole. It's a total good hamstring. It's a quick pause and such and they can surge it. That's what's better. You get so much more stimulus to the hamstring pause. And then full just hamstring. That's better. Yeah, trying to take less explosive, more pull with the heels. Good. Now, so it's getting that slow. Slow back to the top. So it's getting slower. Slower. Slower, pause and stretch. Three, two, one, pull. Good. Slower, slower, slower, slower, one more like that. Good. One more big pull. Pull that slower. Slower, slower, slower, hold it like that. Hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, three, two, one more. Yes. I get to see your hamstring. When you had controlled the eccentric, you'd sit in pause and then you'd pull. It was so much better when you were just talking to shoot no more. So the range of motion was the same. It was just how much you were locked into the movement. So I'm actually going to go a little lighter too because I finally got to get a little explosive too. But you'll see here, watch how much I'm actually. Okay, I see how you got it now. So here, so you see this, almost trained toes in, block and the pulling with just hamstring. Ooh. Ooh. I think it's just so, I got it. Three, two, one. Three, two, one big push. One more. Three, two, one, four. Three, two, one, four. Three, two, one, four. Just here in a slow spot. That's it. There's a difference between going down slow and controlling the eccentric through the target muscle, the big difference. Because then it almost becomes a passive tension, also almost active, basically resistance. So you're really kind of like still contracting on the way down through this releasing with that target muscle. Slow, slow. You're pulled up here, so you can slow it down, slow it down, slow it down. Slow it down, slow it down, slow it down, slow it down, slow it down. That's how far that's how far. One, two, I got it. Three, and then hold on the four, one. Hold it, hold it, three, two, one. He's a fucking weird. Let's go, come more than half. Two more, two more, half. You go more half. So yeah, I have a feeling I can slow it down. I was a pro talking rock. How does this thing go? It's good, sure. We're about to have it, shall we treat cats? Yeah, so I'll just show you a really good lighting over here. Then I say ideally, you can either find sets of really fast, slow, short rest time, like 30 second. It was my own sets of like, cd-cafering this, or like, if a place has it, I'll do the outstanding cap phrase. They're stiff like, but I would use this, this actually set up actually really good for the hack. I got to put like five plus plates on it to make it worth my time. So like stacking on 10 plates, it just makes it just like, is really worth my time. So what I usually do is a seated cap, like, do you want to eat two plates on your side? Like, my house sets is super short rest times. Like, 30 seconds, so I'll get like, fine. 12, 8 to 12 on the first set, whichever field. Yes, truck on the seated, or just fill it. Um, just spend on my flight. So I never a problem with feeling my whole cap on the seat. I know I'm basically like, oh, you can't fucking grow your caps on the seat as well as standing, but I find that standing, the limiter tends to be sometimes just that like, but see, give like, actually a load of actual loading. By the best best best, you have a leg press that doesn't have those middle bars. Because it's a unilateral leg press. So it's got all those bars in them, really. You can't do cap phrase on it. I like the dog you can, the dog you can, the dog you can, the dog you can, the best. You've got it. But I have to load, I have to do the stack. Plus I have to load four or five plates on the donkey shaft to get enough. Right. But yeah, I'll show you the crazy winners lighting over here. So this is good lighting, huh? This is the winners. Uh-oh. How'd you like to work out overall? It's fucking amazing. Yeah, you know what I mean? What I'll say about somebody like Todd is that even at his level with the amount of training he's done, the open mine in this to train with me and learn something new. Because I'm always like that. If I go to me with honey or with, let's say, you know, Derek or other people, I'm never like, oh, I know best. I go into it with open mine. I might not take every single thing that this person does and just do it for Baito. I might take one or two things like honey, him and I see very differently on a lot of things in terms of intensifiers and the amount of sets and the amount of reps. And like forced contraction phase, partials like that stuff. I don't really strive to but there's so many things that I got from his session. I was like, oh, this is cool. I want to incorporate this. So I think that type of open mine is this even at our level is what separates people from, like, good and great because if you think you know it all. Because I've met guys that are at a way lower level than you at terms of knowledge base. And they're so like, I don't know, that's, I don't do it like that or I don't like, I wouldn't train like that or like, you know, that's way too slow or, you know, stuff like that. And I think that if you, I always tell people don't take my training and think you should do it for Baito. Because you probably not really love it as much as I do, but I've come to love it. Whereas if you were to do a six second eccentric on a leg press every single time or train exactly like me every time, you might actually not enjoy it, which then would be a dead-trained to your progress because you're not looking for to come into the gym. But if you're like, okay, you used to be a no-control guy and you just take that one cue of like slight pause and stretch and it concerted, drive instead of explode. You just take that one cue and you're like, oh, that's, I can still train the way I like. And just do that one thing that Eric showed me, that's all that, that's gold to me because now you're still doing what you like. You're still loving showing up to the gym and you just take that one cue or it's something is helping you alleviate some elbow pain or knee pain. Whatever that is, whatever that one little thing is, that's what makes the world a difference to me. So don't think you have to train exactly like this. Just take one or two things that I showed in this video and start to incorporate in your training and you might find it. It's really useful for you and if it's not, then don't use it. So it's just a matter of kicking and choosing what works for you in a long term. The biggest difference from what I expected was it wasn't cardio-casually hard because I usually train really high reps with legs and I don't know if that's the key of cardio-masks. So I go heavy weights hurts my knees. So I have to go one. And with this, you're going to do the muscles before it goes slow and we were using those pads to change the moment arm and the torque. It made it so much harder with lighter weights which is your own joints, harder on the muscles. Correct. Which is the whole point. You're young and you're training like an old dude, which means that you will never have a whole due joints. That's why I can run around my kids. We want to go outside and run some sprint right now. I'd be totally fine to do so or jump. Do some box jumps.