Gwary! You're watching Dr. Todd Lee TV, where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. We're at the muscle factory in San Antonio, Texas, today's my arm day, so it's like kind of a silly day to film, but I'm checking out all the equipment that's here so I can plan out my week. For example, tomorrow, I'm going to do this prime line like curl, then I'm going to do the pendulum squat that's in the other room, then I'm going to do either this panata or the prime seated leg curl, then I'm going to do one of the two prime leg extensions, and then I'll probably do the ad dr. machine, that's the other room, and then this I carry in donkey calf over here. I'll do this actually, I'll do the prime ad dr. machine, so I'll get to use all prime equipment, that's one of the things that's cool about this gym is that you got all the prime stuff, prime stuff is extremely rare, you never see it in Michigan, I don't think I've ever seen a prime machine in Michigan, and then for chest day, we'll probably do whatever a general wants to do on pole day, but on chest day, I'm thinking I will do the prime pack deck, then the prime incline press, and that's it, then I'll probably be all I do. And I'll do more delts and more triceps that day. Look at all those things in the long, that's cool. I'll probably try this panata and get started, see how this goes. Because I saw there's the lateral, the prime lateral, I want to do that for sure, and I want to try out this extension thing, usually those things tear up my elbow, so I want to wear up my elbow first, try out my elbow first before I get to that. But this panata bicep thing, I've been zero and like a hundred for a fucking panata machines for bicep. So we kind of did a lying version of this yesterday, and it didn't suck, but it wasn't great. I'm going to let it make my own. I'm going to let it make my own. I'm going to let it make my own. Check this out here, and wow, it's huge. I'm going to let it make my own. I'm going to let it make my own. I'm going to let it make my own. So that's the trick is you got to arch your back and lay back into it, and you get a much better stretch. Normally I could never train both sides at the same time, but this machine actually is angled the way that my body moves at like a 30 degree angle. All the other bilateral motions are like this and my arms don't do that. So this is the best of these types of machines, which is ironic because we just used the panata was exactly like this with more adjustable components yesterday, and this one's better than that machine. So most of you in older model that just is better. So while I'm resting from this, I'm going to see what else is there. So like tomorrow, I'll do the pack deck, and I'll do two sets here and two sets there, and that'll be all I need. Not tomorrow for Pachaste, which is a Thursday. I wonder what's over here. So that looks like a dip machine, the pack deck, and then that's the shoulders. No, there's more machines up here. This is abs. Interesting way out. This is the panata, that's notalous. That's the other thing that hits you. That's actually good, so that's a good back machine. It looks like they got two different pack deck by prime. They got a prime row. They've got another prime row to shit, and then they got another panata row. So I'm pretty sure me and John are going to use that and that tomorrow or that. But either way, between the notalous, one arm, the panata, one arm, the panata row, this panata row, that prime row, this rogers three way row. That's probably going to, and then that or that prime row, which I've seen when we use a lot of. That's pretty much everything we need. Really going to need like six sets probably. I didn't even see that panata chest press machine right there. I might want to use that instead of prime. That's so cool. 1813-15. That's going to make a lot of sense. You know, I had to do something wrong. I didn't kind of load ring over there. I don't want to get in the middle of that. I want to do some, looks like he's going to take up space. That was going to use. All right, that'll carry out. You can do pull-ups, dude. I don't care. I'm just going to do like any of my reasons. That's fun. I was just going to do a press on set. Okay. You want it. We'll just take turns. I'm not tall enough for this. I need to be over there. Hey, I'm going to move over there anyway, buddy. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm really not feeling this at all. I'm going to switch back to that for my last sub. Immediately better. Something about having it in your hand is better than the risk. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I like this because I felt it on my bicycle. It's a simple. You won't be squeezing it. It makes a difference. It was tapered. It was normal size here and thick there. It was the best grip ever. There's just like 150 bucks. I have to be imported from England. I got a knockoff one from Amazon, which never really felt right. Now that I've used the real thing, I'm going to order real ones. Curls are like the staple. The risk cuff just doesn't pan out for me. It was to the best success. It was the one behind. Here's the more fun this world's difference. I'm so driven and take a ride. For your lead arts. For your lead arts. For your lead arts. For your lead arts. For your lead arts. For your lead arts. For my friend. But you're also pretty smart. Now that you've set me free, we are the ones you've done. We seem to have given the price. They've already gone to my left behind. This is the truth. It's the truth. It's the truth. It's the truth. It's the truth. I've used a lot of different machines. This is my favorite one. The panata one was pretty good. The one at the umbers amazing. But this one's great. All the primes have adjustable resistors. This one's so good. And this gym has more of the prime stuff. I've ever seen before in one place. So every time we go to a gym and like, oh my god. This is the best gym I've ever been to. I'd want to live here. So I can use this gym. But it's like every gym in Texas is like a one two three four different units. And each one's loaded with awesome stuff. Let's get this last shot. It's awesome. That was great. I like how there's no music here. I was really struggling to get a bicep pump. That first machine that Pinnata was amazing, and I totally lost it with the cuffs. And now I just got a pump in my tri-subs. I must be pretty fucking dehydrated today that it's so hard to get a pump, because I used injectable amino's. That should have given me a pump just from that. Then again, I didn't even drink my pre-workout, and I'm already onto my intro. They barely even sip this. We're almost done with the workout. The whole workout's nine, 15 sets. I'd say it feels like a waste of a trip, except I specifically got the Airbnb that was ridiculously close to here. Stop! Stop!IRZY-SUPER. RAINGAR. You重 look, joyfullyestion, more and more a kind, especially for every fine. And nervous, I love this. This was amazing. My favorite thing for lateral talts is this motion, John convinced me of it, and now after using the machine that he uses, the physical exact copy, now I know why. I've used three of these in the past week. This is the best one. I wish they had like the year. So you know when you buy it, you're like, I want the prime lateral raise from 2018 or whatever the fuck this is, because the strive when we use the species, which is the third best one I've used in my life, is nothing compared and that look like it was from like 1985. So I don't know if this seats a little too high. Earn more. Yeah, more comfortable to hire seat. So I'll probably use the prime on Thursday. This prime and that prime. John says that one's a little too deep, but you can put yoga blocks in. And also I go for that stretch with light ass weight to get that type of effect. This is a flat press, and that's a flat press. I don't really want to fuck with that. I'd rather do incline like this for two sets, incline like this for two sets. After doing the pack deck for a good stretch for two sets, I know it's only six sets, but whatever. Obviously, come off season. I'm probably going to have to start doing more than six sets twice a week for chess. And that's pretty much it. I want to do some abs in some cardio. And that's it. I do have to say it's weird because everyone in here has got a phenomenal physique. I want to see who this person is. We saw him lifting. And that's the Texas pro. And that must be the guy we just talked to. No, it's Senka. That's who we just talked to. We talked to that guy, and we saw that guy. Pretty fucking impressive people in this gym. I don't think I've seen more impressive people one gym before. I feel like it's the waist. Like I want to do chest. Even though I just did chest yesterday. But I did buy some tries yesterday and I had no problem doing them again today. I just feel like my recovery is really fast right now compared to last week. It's so funny. I don't feel like I'm in peak week because it's a peak week falling and not a week falling a peak week. So I just feel like every day is just someone else's life. And just does not feel like peak week at all. But we've been doing this for tomorrow is going to be like two weeks, right? So we've been doing this for two weeks. So this is long enough for habits to be formed. So it's almost like normal life is a memory and this is normal. I'm going to do more position or abshit because I don't really feel a whole lot of rack this one out. I just feel a transfer. Obviously, it's going to hurt to do one of two sets. I'm sure you've been doing those for like the last six months. Facing those out was a mistake. I couldn't hurt my waistline and I couldn't hurt my abs to keep those in. Yeah, nothing's really, I'm not only showing anything well. Probably should be some cardio in.