You're watching Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. So we're on our way to Volkowretone to the facilities where they make Fenrish Fury and the Zirker frenzy, Thor's Hammer, and my health line, the Todd Lee MD. So Valhalla Labs is the bodybuilding line, and then there's the health line, which is this Todd Lee MD supplements. We're going to go tour the facilities. You guys get to see where your supplements are made, and we're going to flavor test the Zirker frenzy. I can bet you means me to touch the wheel. So goddamn much. I hate fucking needy people. A needy car is a top my list. The moment, within 20 minutes of taking those mats, I just completely crash like there's no control over it. You can't even really find it off, because your functionality just withers by the way, you'll be trying to do basic tests, and you kind of just realize you're on the clock. I did not wake up in a different shirt when I wore the bed, so that's good. I'm a third-night mirror. Finally, the trick is 50 to 100 milligrams of Malatone, and 100 milligrams of Cerec will with 50 milligrams of Trasodome, and then last night, instead of the two milligrams of clonopin, I don't need to a quarter milligrams of Sanx, because I wanted to lean off. And I don't normally do this, should I usually just stay away called my tossing and turning feeling like shit, because I don't have enough supply of the medication I need to get a good night's sleep. So I save it for one of some important. Yeah, I just get really, really groggy from sleep pants the next day. That's the biggest nuisance to it, because I took him a napkin all this morning, plus he had some caffeine, and still feel half asleep. But if not for the residual brain fog, it would be absolutely perfect. I always kind of been that way with any kind of sleep medication or anti-stween used for inducing sleep, managerial, ambient. Yeah. My favorite for anti-hissed to mean sleep aid would be hydroxism, but it's not easy to get that. I find telly rx is really easy, but they're like $200 per cent. Which is fine, because like what that means that a trasodone, a cirac, well a hydroxism, you're spending $600 a month to sleep. Yeah, you know, that's not. That's like $20 today. It's just basically. And sound like I'm using caffeine or energy to drink during the day. I'm just that alert of a person. My name's David Winsauer, I'm the CEO and one of the partners of Lightning Labs. Soon to be Lightning Neutral, we're doing a rebrand because it's a furniture-suitable company. Right. We started this company around 2021, and Todd Lee was one of our, I guess the phrase is cool customers. We like working with you. You like working with you a lot and you put a lot of faith in the beginning. And things have been pretty good, and we've grown a bit in Todd's relaunching and redoing some products, and today we're doing some flavor testing, we'll be doing a tour showing how the sauce is made or how the process is like in the back a little bit, and answer any question you got. So this is the new label for Fenris. We're not tasting Fenris. We really mastered the flavor of Fenris. So we're trying to have Bizzicor Fenris be compatible with Fenris because a lot of people want caffeine, and although Fenris is Stimfree, we'll be able to add Bizzicor Fenris to get the full spectrum of the energy, the focus, the endurance, as well as the masterful pump matrix that is in Fenris Fury. So I want we were tasting these out to make sure that you can put, you know, two scoops of pump one scoop of Stim or two scoop system, one scoop of pump, whatever someone wants, they can tailor it to their specific needs, and have the flavors actually taste good. I competed what yesterday? Yeah, I really feel. So you got you have Tanner on? Yeah, I did. Yeah. So Stimfree like over time too. Yeah, it's competed yesterday. competed Friday and yesterday. Did three shows on Friday and one show on the God yesterday. So it's the first time I've ever done, I've done two days before, but only one and one, and I've done three and one day before, but never done three and one day and one of the other. So they didn't three, do you mean like, I don't remember the terms anymore? This is like, not the finals. What's the, so it's during pre-judging pre-judging. Yeah. We had over 45. Yeah. Then they didn't even have a sleeve. They just brought a new guys for over 40. Then they just have them come off and then new guys go out for, so I was on stage the whole time. Yeah. And then so we were on stage for individual routine. Then there was comparison rounds, then there's symmetry rounds that's three and then we were, and then over 40 and then over 35. And then it was finals later, came out and did the routine. Yeah. And then waved and then waved. So it's a totally, I think, seven or eight times I was on the stage before. On Friday. And then the Saturday, it was just pre-judging individual routine, which I don't even remember if I did it or not. I don't remember much about what happened yesterday. And then it came back for the finals. That's killer. So I don't think after I, again, I don't know the phrase as I'm a little naive, but like car blow to like you're trying to like obviously to plead as much right before, how are you doing that if you're going to stay in seven? Well, I drove from Michigan with no water, no salt, no food. Just to like cut. I'm sorry, if I'm not really learning to get dry and hard work so that I can make weight. And so I ended up coming at 173. And then we tried to load me back up and that failed. Because there's no way to really suck all the way down and then have it. Because some people can, but my body doesn't do that. Once you pull the water out of me, unless you put water in, we can't put cards in and actually get glycogen very easily. I don't get full after I foot get flat. I just stay flat. So how do you, how do you ever time that? You just don't. I guess. So that's, so the thing is, is there's a show in two weeks. Yeah. So we're going to reverse into the show in two weeks. And then hopefully I'll be fuller for that one. And then I got to show a week after that in Daytona. So we're going to drive from here, we're immediately going to drive up to newer leams. Yeah. Then to Houston, then to Dallas, then to San Antonio. Road trip, owner. Yeah. And then we're going to compete in Santonio. Then I'm going to drive all the way back to Daytona. Okay. And then if I don't get the height three times, if for whatever reason, we blow it one of those times, then I have to go to Denon Georgia on the fourth. Good Lord. So that's how we really taxing on the body. Obviously right? I'm having a blast. I'm having a blast. This is because I got my best friend with me. And we get to shoot content. I got to see you guys. We got to flavor test to get road trip around the South. Yeah. It's so much fun. Just a Florida gas station's wild. Oh, the people in Florida are wild, man. I love it here, though. We have our own charm. Everything's different. There's a wall wall gas station up here. I'm wildly different. I want to buy a lot of it. Well, well, it's basically like buckies on math. I love wall wall. I only been to a buckies once. All right. So these where we're going to put these with these fingers from the side for now. All right. Cool. All right. I'm going to taste this one. That is way better. Here. Okay. You took a big golf. You like that? Yeah. Yeah. It's good. Way better. I think it could be sweeter. A little sweeter, a little bit more flavor. Okay. I'm a front end or the back end for the sweeteners. Front. Back end more sweeteners. Both. I want front end back on sweetness and more flavor on the front end. Okay. Yeah. Thanks, Jeremy. I had a friend. We'll back to the trails when I was in the previous company a long time ago. A lot of guys compete. And I obviously didn't. But I was like observing and just watching and everyone's bodies are so different. Like they would, and they got me using the wrong phrases, but they would try to reload or like fill out before show. And they would all either the same time. Like six of them are competing together. And one of them just completely over blue it and looked like just super watery and like the other one. Like it was, it did these acts same protocol. Which everyone guys spilled over and went over. One look super. Like didn't look full. One looks great. And look that must be so frustrating. It's been a small week. 16 weeks killing yourself doing this exact prep every calorie is specifically meticulously planned. And then four hours before the show. Oh, this I think it took a right. Okay. They're eating rice cakes or whatever. And like well, you spilled over your time that you were 45 minutes off. Do you remember in gladiator when the gate won't comes up? Yeah. And the dude runs out and just takes a maze to the face. Like that product. And he just boom and he's in the dirty dead. That's basically what it's like 90% of the 90% of the time you will prepare for a year straight. You will just blow it the last day. You'll be on stage. You're not dead. But you you looked amazing 12 hours ago. Or you looked amazing six hours ago. Or you look amazing 12 hours later. But at the moment when it matters, you look like dog shit. Yeah. Which has to happen. Because otherwise everyone would have a figured out. Right. It probably would make it more boring if everyone had a perfect all the time. But I just like like mad at the gathering. Super party in the nerdy card game for a long time. Oh yeah. We flew all the way up the Indianapolis for tournament. And I got there's a lot of variance and the good for your card was Indianapolis that year. I don't remember the year. Jen Conn is probably there. But we went up there. We practiced. We played Did a bunch and I just went up there and I just drew bad cards. Like this red tail getting managed. Green, Manaflada and I just didn't have it. You just don't have the ability to win. Manaflada. You're running a red white deck. And you got all cablins and all planes. And I'm just like, well, that was a waste of a trip in a waste of a flight. And but it's still fun. That's the game. So it's part of it. Yeah. Dude. That's the fuck. That's where you got to get the red white combination, Manaflada. But that's the thing is I got sick of blowing it on myself. So I hired a coach and he did a much better job. But I just told him the advance. I'm like dude no matter how bad I look. It doesn't matter because it takes dozens of times to learn someone's body. You know, he's like, I always good. I mean, he's like, I can peek you for sure. And I was like, I believe in you. And I believe you believe in you. But no matter what happens, I'm still going to stick with you because I know my body and I know that my body hates peaking and it will be the hardest body to peek ever. And then you're prepped to help you a little bit if you have that mindset going into it. I'm assuming you're a little more prepared for the failures or success. Exactly. Well, the way a lot of people don't look at it, they are afraid to lose. It's like you only have to win once. It's if you look at it like the lottery. You only have to win one time in your millionaire. Just so. That's it. Right. Yeah. So that's your really optimistic way. I don't have it. Everyone's so afraid to lose that they don't even try. Or they show up to one show. And a lot of guys think their hot shit at the state level, they do a national show, they come in dead last and they quit. I literally came dead last three times in one day just now. And then I came dead last the fourth day. And I'm super excited to go get my ass beat again in two weeks. It's a really good and really positive attitude. Is that a lot of the friends and people on you in that space? A few of them do keep competing and I'm sure it's for the same reason. Right. And they just and they do get better and eventually it just takes one that's good. Yeah. There is so much of I'm my plate. Like I my fucked up my midsection control that the past two years I hand a leg training wrong trying to have my glutes kept smaller so my quads look bigger. Yeah. But then all the skin is loose. So it just looks like I'm fat. It's not fat. But it looks like I've had bad conditioning because the glutes used to be shredded and now they're not shredded they're soft. And it's because I gave up my glutes to make my legs look bigger. Yeah. But the legs got smaller too. So we're just going to go back. There's a lot that goes into it. It's very meticulous. I'm going to go back to the old way of training legs, the way I built my legs in the first place, go back to pull ups because that's what did my back adjust us. As soon as I started doing pull ups three weeks ago my back started coming right back. Interesting. Yeah. It's a good body like that. You like it. So my back legs is my glutes and I love Smith swatting and I've been doing these fancy squats where your heels are elevated and doing and it's just never really agreed with my knees and I don't feel the outer sweep. I just feel the near the knee. But when I do Smith squats it's just my legs level. And so we're just going to go back to the Smith squats. It works or? Yeah. How are you doing these? You're laying around? Probably on the open just that one. We have to keep three or four for a lot of holds. So what I wanted to do is wondering if we could crack this bad boy open and taste it relative to that because ideally they had to taste the same because they're the same flavor. I know they won't come out the exact with the same things different ingredients. Yeah. I think I don't know how I agree with that. It depends with ingredients are because there could be something ingredient and it's berserk or testing there right? There could be one ingredient in here that throws everything off. I know for sure. We can try next to each other first. Yeah because this is to me you guys that's such a good job. Most people don't believe there's no sugar. They can't believe how good this tastes. So if this is a 10 out of 10 in flavor and it's supposed to be the same flavor then if we come a 7 that's good enough for me. Yeah I get it. We should definitely try the next to each other. Yeah. Flavoring is also come along way. Flavor house is that we use to keep getting better. Are you familiar with Harry Potter at all? Like they have this shrinking that called butter beer? Oh okay. Yeah. She wore it definitely. Yeah. We made a butter beer flavor product. You remember I mean we did the panel of nerdy. We're like I knew as much about like we did. I spent a nerdy a couple years. I knew as much about Star Wars as Adam. I knew as much about Indian D like metal. Yes. Yeah. I haven't even noticed this at all. We had a client that she who like Harry Potter a gamer focused product and then the butter beer flavor was incredible. Yeah. It was spot on. I was just at I was just at the wizarding world of Harry Potter with Kai and there was butter beer but I couldn't trick it. Nope. Not a great idea. Yeah. We went all the way to LA the best Mexican food in the world and I didn't have any Mexican food. Now we're driving through nori leaves and I'm not okay. I think I looked at one thing I can have and it's gonna be and do lose sausage and cage and chicken gumbu or something. It'll be delicious. That's the my one meal for the month. I haven't had an off-plan meal in 24 weeks. Six months of hard diving. It's less you can have one of the banyas. The banyas, they're spot weird. Some wrench word. They're this slurrent to a croissant or a basket with powder sugar. Your famous and I don't know. No, it'll probably destroy your, what you're going for with their delicious. No. Actually they're horrible. Don't worry about it. They're not good. Tell me about your guitar. Is that looks like a L.S. Paul? Yeah. So the one in the left. I just G. Yeah. That was my dad's. This was your dad's. Yep. That's a 72 I think. It was a junior model and it was really bad so they just continue to okay. But it's more than the one on the right was my first guitar. All right. That looks like English youngs one. Everybody is used in less Paul at some point. But I'm still jamming and hanging out with some friends. We keep this out of trouble and it's a healthy habit. It's the great of juice this long. Do you want to tell the audience about your adventure? So we're very proud of it. People that are outside of the space probably will be bored of tears. But we had our first year of insotted in March of this year and we passed. We were very excited. Me and the quality girl we actually teared up a little bit because of this is a long time coming. And it was pretty difficult. There's 244, 2564 different points they check you on. And each point is it's not out of 100, but it is. So like if you're off it's 1.0 out of 100 even those 2564. So each each section is worth quite a lot and we passed. We did it really well and we've gotten like the mid 80s or something high 80s. And then likely in our next Ottawa probably in the mid 90s which is the most companies end up always going to find something. But we did pretty well. It was really stressful. Just to be put to the test like that it was our first show so to speak. It was really our first time to step up to the plate. So long back it was actually a lot of easy that we thought it would be. We just had a lot of preparation because we really wanted to be tight. So it's six months of really dedicated prep. So I think you started in the middle. So this is like an FDA approval. Yeah it's a more strict. Yeah so your offense is a third party auditing company. What they do is they are tracking they're called good manufacturing practices. And the FDA wants companies to be in this food space to be compliant following good manufacturing practices. Companies like Amazon, Vitamin Shop, GMC, Walmart, Online Store they require manufacturers to have a third party certificate showing that you guys have done them in March we passed. All right here we go. That was way better. Kai come here. Please tell me what you think. Oh yeah. Yeah like that. His way better. Yeah. So Jeremy. Since this is. He's like a pre-worked out. No. Since this is the gold standard and everyone loves that. You might if we put some of this in some water just so I can compare this one to the gold standard. Thanks buddy. You did a great job with this. This is state fantastic. I just want to make sure I catch you on film how good the difference is. See what you usually do. You do a full scoop and 8 ounces or you can do the top of the scoop. I usually do one scoop in 20. Full scoop in 20. Yeah. So half scoop in 10. Okay. Normally would take like months would go back and forth and it would never come up this way. We've got a lot better testing too. Our flavor testing. So yeah so that was the elephant thing. We got our certificate. And then we got right in the mean perspective by the FDA a month later. The director quality she called me one morning like eight the morning. She's like hey there's a guy clipboard here. And like all it's the electrician. No big deal. We've had an outlet that went out. Because I don't think it is. And she'll give the FDA and because of what's happened the pack. I got a little nervous and everything but we did better with the FDA audit than we did with our girlfriends audit. Which was refreshing. So that's final risk. And this is basically a confronting. And the secretary of friends she takes better than the funders. That's what we want. Awesome. Kai come here. You see if you can tell what you think. Yeah it's better. Holy shit. That's in 11. And also I've figured it ended up combining pretty well. Let's try it. This is the whole point right. Let's do it. This is now the full monty. The stem and the pump. Yeah it's fucking awesome. Feels like there might be something missing. On them combined. Individually they're fixed so it doesn't go bad. I think it's just because I make mine way more dilute than the way Jeremy normally makes it. And so that's why it seems like it's missing something. Is it diluted it? Yeah if I made the Fedrose stronger it might combine better. Yeah that's the only difference. How much did you put like grant per water of the visitor? So this was the visitor? The visitor I did are two scooping eight ounces. Right where would that's a 5.7 gram scoop right? Yeah. Right and then this is a 20 grams scoop in 20 ounces. 20 and 20 is a one to one. This is 5.7 and a launch it is do 5.7 of be a visitor or like 5 of a be a 50 of the Fedrose and what would that be? 16 ounces of water? There isn't sound right. Does it? Well that would be like one to two. No it's not. What you do to the math because I know you can figure that out. What you trying to do you kind of get the same ratio as the Fedrose usually is for you? No I'm just we basically I make the Fedrose so much more dilute than you made the Bizzaker. So we want to have the same ratio of powdered salt. Just so I would probably make the Fedrose less diluted. Right exactly. More concentrated with the Fedrose but whatever he did that's perfect we don't have to change nothing that third iteration was perfect. Did you see the container started all I sent you? The reason why that didn't work before is because people were complaining that they didn't want the Thor's hammer and the Tussbooster they wanted to just buy the Thor's hammer or just by the Tussbooster. Same thing with battle made intra and post. People didn't want just the one just the intra or just the post they didn't want to be stuck with both. So with that hide thing it was two containers in one that's assuming they're always going to do a one to one ratio but the whole point of this is that they have control over what ratio they got. Was that like a split bubble? It's really cool looking him trainer marketing wise it'll go well but we'll get so much negative feedback I just don't want to deal with the fallout because I played that game a lot of years to make sure they should be happy what they do tend to find to find something to to complain about or be unsure about especially something on your body I think they do. Especially if you give options options they freak out. That is the cool container that's definitely different. But what's going to happen is they're going to get halfway through they're going to get to all the way through one and not through the other and then they're not going to want to buy it because they're going to single be wasted money. The senders will have any more of the pressure at your head. Okay so this is the fundraise and then we need to put the bezirker. Yeah we need more pressure to do that. I guess I want to work out after this with all the no. I'm going to drive around south Florida. I'm not hydrated enough yet. I'm afraid I'll hurt my legs. Basically I was going to drive up to St. Petersburg where Derek Lundsford has a gym that's all new tack from Korea. So I want to use the Korean lucky equipment but I don't know if we'll make it in time before they close. Very good for it is heavy, right? Like the earthen. He's one of the Olympia recently. Oh nice. Did he win the 2024? No. Samson Doubtal Win closes at 8 p.m. There's no way we'll make it to 8 to 4 hours. No we'll have a one hour to lift. Plus we've got stuff to do here. They were at Bucketton at the door. I mean in theory we could sleep there you know and then hit it in the morning before we head out and try to make it to Houston all at one after we lift in the morning. They've got new Chuck stuffing and Texas. It's not like this is the last chance I have to use this equipment. We can hit it on the way back too and we go to Daytona. Okay and this is fine rice and this is dessert. Perfect. Yeah I'm happy this whatever this final flavor is. It's perfect. All right cool now I guess tour the facility. Let's walk around a little bit. So similar to how we had our coconut creek we tried to do everything in a loot. Right ideally we don't want an ingredient ever going backwards. Okay we don't that risk for crossing contamination or mixed up a lot of the times we're going back and forward. So everything comes in here and then this whole section is a quarantine section. Okay the left side of the quarantines for outbound. If it's overflowing from over here and then the right side is the inbound quarantine. Okay so the reason we quarantine ingredients and it's essentially just a check right we check my macro organisms before they get we actually we just do we just do micro right before it's done there's multiple levels of it if we have a new vendor we're testing a lot of their things for my Crohn stuff on the inbound. Once you have a good relationship with them and enough of their things have passed that testing. We only do micro on the outbound at the saves time and in money but we do test everything that comes in. Make sure it is what it says it is and then we also look for bug right like rice flour can have bugs sometimes. We really don't use rice flour too much anymore but sometimes the packages are pierced. Something could have happened during shipping. We have to make sure we got the right amount so here it stays until QC actually inspects it gets the result once that happens we take ingredients from here and we have lots of racks and ingredients down this way. Right now there's a lot of stuff all over the place because we're growing. We moved here last September year ago and we're already out of space so we're trying not to move again we're trying to find nearby area this for storage but there's more storage on that side there's more storage over here sort of all the same thing so this is we call this area the staging area. There's a grid which we have to really like the taped on every few months because they're getting teetin up but the left side is where we have like before we start a blend this is where we stayed at the ingredients for a job we have 16 grids or 16 spots on the floor. Really we need about 32. Again we're out of space so sometimes things go higher than you want to but we're working we're just trying to work nights and we can to catch up with the warm and can. Once your job is saved we end up mixing in our mixer room back here we also do our pharmacy or pre-wing in the back. Okay so here this is a blend. This is so cool. Yeah. Have you ever seen one of these before cut? So this is called a V-bundered. We like to use a V-bundered versus a there's other kinds of under-driven lenders and things like that. V-bundered is a really good workhorse for us. It doesn't really good job in mixing ingredients and keeping products on modernists. So can you explain to me how does this work before? Sure. So we load ingredients typically in this side. Okay and then there are there are agitators inside of here and this blender spins running away from 45 minutes to an hour and a half it depends on the ingredient profile. Okay and the quantity of ingredients. Next word Jeremy comes in the play. Our goal is to make sure that when we're testing the product out we're for testing from the middle of a lot of more top of a barrel. You're getting the same you know cat can perspulke etc. V-bundered specifically this kind of design it's really good at doing that. There are other blunders that are bigger that look like almost like a bathtub with a lot of like agitators and what they don't do is good of a job. Mixing things they also introduce heat to him and when you add heat to something it's bad. Okay so for example I ordered let's say 500 fenders. Yep. How many of those 500 made with one iteration of this? I do have a kilogram. So this fits about 370 to 400 kilograms. I'm going to try how many kilograms of bottle of fenders. That's a good point. So if you're serving is 20 grams and there's 40 servings per container. It's 800 grams. So it's 0.8 kilograms. Yep. So that would mean 3700 times. 296 bottles per cent. Okay so it took you two tries. It took to do a bottle of it. It would have made more sense for me to order more in the inner. If I order 80 versus ordering 500. Yes. So in the future you'll tell me how many of you want me to order and I'll write what you want rather than that. Yeah. I said will aim for that? Yeah exactly. Because if we tell you 500 units there's a lot of efficiency loss there right? Right of course. If we have to do a whole other wonder spend a whole other batch right right of whole other clean right. It's a little bit more 80 units right? Right. Yeah. It goes the other way too though. Like sometimes it's just over the amount. We want to actually be able to sell you less. Right. We don't want to do 2.1 wonder spend as we want to do exactly. So in the future we will base it off of your production timetable and some arbitrary number exactly. All right. And then our independence. Yeah. This is the wonder room. This one gets cleaned before everyone. The weekend is usually days your work nights and they come in here so it's a little little, it's quite a source little stickier right now. They probably are in a sticky formula. So other than you and Adam and Jeremy and Maria how many people work here? 42. You went up. Now when I first met you guys there was just like three of you right? There were like well then there's a whole lot with the production and stuff I think when you were there last time was like 12 12 12 to 14. And now you've got 46 people 42. That's awesome. Yeah. It's a lot. Very important for very happy with that. Didn't realize it until we did a, I had to do an org chart update the other day. And we're going through all the employees and like this can't be right. On my RPA rule system says 42. Is it really this big? But we have an interior and our in-house graphic designer now. We have a quality department which now has gone from two people to four. We have an R&D department we created. We have our blending team is going from two people to four to now with the six will be six in a few days. We're actually more efficient for it. So it's good. Hopefully the business keeps coming. Our customers are happy. We try to, we're all lightning not. Not necessarily because we make stuff quicker than others, though we tend to, but we just try to pick up the phone. If you reach out we just try to respond. And I think that's really what our, our competitive advantage is. No matter what time of day or night I text Adam he ends. He's probably going to respond. And then he also, if I call him on the phone he answers, it's wonderful doing business with you guys. We have to have an advantage somewhere and we can go a little bit faster. We can maintain the quality standards the most others do. They huge pharmaceutical companies like we're not there yet, but not yet. We're GNPSR's wife. We're at the end of the year. We can get a girlfriend and your friends. So to clarify earlier, you said 85. But it's not 85 out of 100 really. It was 80. It was a two in 25 out of 50. I think the actual grade score percentage was like a 96. 96%. If you did that way, but it's, and so that we're happy with it. We understand what it is. It's also a very first score. Now, do you guys do third party testing? We do. Yeah. So up to the client. I don't want to do it, but yeah. So if you could, could you do third party testing for me? I'm a Bizarre Cuffer. Yeah. Absolutely. We can go to that with you. I'm like, pick which ingredient you want or the whole profile. Right. Just want to be able to show the customers because we have a QRC code on that label for Ideally, I want people to pick out their phone, scan it and see third party that nothing's in there that's not supposed to be in there. And everything that's supposed to be in there is in there at the amount you say there is. There's actually a really cool company we just started working with. I don't know if I want to say to anyone, camera, they're okay with it. They're actually called light labs just by coincidence. They work with brands, more so than manufacturers, to where they have a back and then like if you have a Shopify store for example, you can put in what the QR code is, what the, and it automatically puts the testing results on the page. Let's take us to our scan. It completely, it has that really built in super well. All right. And they do the testing themselves as well. So you can do that as them as not. And you can talk to them. Yeah, Jennifer will figure it all out. Yeah. But I know that that's something that me and Jennifer wanted to do for you. Yeah. They started off doing the bone bath proteins. I'm not a single one in the bone. Sorry, the bone broth and stuff. These see in Whole Foods. Yeah, it's college and kettle. I think what's named Kettle and something. They're one of the really popular bone broth. So I'm going to show you that. But they were really big. Then they got into testing and then they offered dietary supplement testing. So we're who started working with them in the summer and we're trying to like scale it up a bit. Honestly, it's mostly for customers that have a web presence that like look, we test every lot. Here's how you can see it. Here's where it is. You have a portal on the back and so you can see what they're results are. Yeah. That's really cool. Great. So there's any fields that yeah. So after blending depending if we're doing an encapsulation job or if we're doing a serve job. So for the one for the Todd Lee MD supplement line, we're doing encapsulation. Right. You're doing a heart product and stuff. Yeah. So that would go to one of these three rooms. Okay. Yes, sure. One of these. This one is probably a little, they're in the middle of cleaning it. This is why there's a ran wrap everywhere. Because we don't want to get anything in the top of the head. Okay. So this is the encapsulator. Again, this room is currently undergoing a cleaning that's hence the ran wrap. It looks like a air wash dexter. Mm-hmm. The kill rooms in the dexter show. Yes, of course. There we go. The new season. I did. Actually, the analogous come out two days ago. I don't want to ruin it for you. Okay. It's been what yeah, I was busy. Yeah. I couldn't watch it. But yeah, there's the new series is actually good. I was, I don't like anything. I'm very critical. A middle series sucked. I love north. Yeah. But the one in New York is a good one. They did a good job. Yeah. So this is our baby machine. Um, we this is East beer workforce. It still is a workforce in away. This is the semi-automatic over here. But these are for the smaller jobs. It's where we are in deep pilots. If a job doesn't run well in one of the big boys, we'll put it over here. And this usually gets the job done, which is slower. Not as efficient. The bigger machines are in these next room. All right. Cool. This one looks like Mexico, which means they probably just ran something when we see it. It was a little cleaner. We were talking about that that red re guys filter. It's just the director. You just put a filter that's yellow and he's you. I don't know if he all like Mexico and this is one of the bigger machines. Sorry again. We're, we're in the middle of a clean right now over the weekend. It still looks cool. But can you get closer? Yeah, you can get closer to it. They're going to have to clean it and sanitize it again. So the first machine we looked at was about 72,000 capsules per hour. These are 2225,000 capsules per hour. So they're much faster. The downside is the cleaning takes significantly longer. So which one is back in the day we used to make our own VMP capsules. Yeah. And we had this house that was just making VMP and you would put the capsules 50, 5 by 10. And then you would just pour the DNP and rice flour. We had a mix it up. So some of the capsules would have a ton of VMP and some of the would have a little more fun. And then just put the capsules on. And then your hands would be all like yellow and you start sweating walls for like three weeks because it gives in your pores. And we're like, this is not a smart move. No. It's tricky. That's why we hire professionals to make. Yeah. We don't make DNP anymore, but it's why I hire professionals to make products rather than make it myself. That was just really dirty. I don't want to go in there. That's the nice looking one because it's all put together. But it's really dirty right now. Well, it's where in between I'm not sure where the powder fills the air is finished. It's finished the multivitamin. So it's why. But so after something in capsulades, we come over to this side. And this is essentially the cue for the packaging room. It's a little bit overflowing over here just because we're running out of space. But here we have five different lanes on the floor. They correlate with the job number system on the TV for the packaging rooms. And there's just jobs lying in and out of here for the into package next. Did the long video? Kirkman come in for the liver capsules? If you don't know a lot of that. Yeah, I'm okay. Because I remember that was the big hang up on the liver because that was like 8,000 for just that ingredient because my liver is switched cheese right now after all these shows. And I've got a few more to go. So he was going to try to get me some samples to keep me alive for the rest of the month. And what's the long video? Yeah. It's the only Kirkman that's actually biologically available. Spare no expense. Get the highest quality stuff even if you're mergers or shit because you need to live. That won't know. I just not know if that means we need to get track of all that. So in here, this is the packaging room. Cool. Do you want to understand what we're actually running a job? When we're running a job, when it's nice and just, like, between right before we run a smells nice in all the powders. I can't have a painting of it telling anyone. So it's like kind of like Captain Candy. That means they probably let's try this machine in the middle of clean with nothing covered. We ran a powder. We swap around to what we're going. We either line one or line two. We have machines that's currently taken out for commission to either be cleaned. This is the capsule line. They covered it because they recently cleaned the actual machines. Right. But over here, this machine does around depending on the capsule's for bottle for 90 count. We're hitting around 24 bottles per minute. Wow. And it flies. It keeps things going. So it would be like if there is 240 bottles, I guess capsules in a bottle, then you do how many bottles per minute? For 90 counts, it's about 22 to 24 for 240. It doesn't directly lower. So it would be a little, it's not going to be a third. But it's not going to be like 60 capsules a second. That means it's like that. It's up there. It's a long time. A minute. So it's like two cat. What's the map on that? So it's 90 per minute? Yeah, no, you're. So yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It flies. There's 12 channels on it. So it's jumping 12 capsules at a time. Multiple times per second. Mike crowding them. Sorry. We can only move at the camera. So fast. No, it's a focus. I learned my lessons. That Kai's job is way harder than it looks. My job's easy. I just talk. So on this, I let me put one of the labels, a layer of pork. I remember this machine. This is the cool machine. Yeah, so this is the fun. So this is where the labeling happens. Yeah. Go down here to the shrink tunnel. So that's that heats up the shrink on the top. So this sleeve. And this is some bit of a sum out. And then this is where someone physically takes them. Here all the forms. It's a product, huh? Yep. In normal, like I said, we have two lines running. It depends. The rights are powder. The left is four capsule in a normal shift for packaging around six eight thousand models. Wow, which is gotten better at it. We'll try to figure out is we actually actually have this sort of relationship we got here today is we don't necessarily need something bigger. We might need a smaller set of machinery. So if a job, for example, is only five hundred bottles or a thousand bottles instead of running it on the giant line that does six thousand instead of buying a whole other one of those, do you just buy an actual smaller line that's more efficient for them? Because because of cleaning everything requires. So we're just doing an app on a giant line. Hard to help. It's a thousand. I think that a quarter of a thousand for a heart health. I think for the liver because of the like video was so expensive. I had to only start the first one with 500. Yeah. Because I'm FDA wise. I can't make claims. However, I'm confident that this would be good at treating real issues for the liver at the maximum dose. So I don't think we're going to need to sell that many. And my fingers crossed if it works like I think it's going to, we won't have repeat business. All of treated their liver with one bottle and they hopefully won't make the same mistake that fucked up their liver in this in the first place. So hopefully we won't need more than 500 bottles because that means we'll have cured 500 people. This means I just asked you to be careful with the phrase. Right. I know. Yeah. Yeah. Because you can't make claims. Can't treat her carrying. Yeah. No. But the ingredients included have been shown in studies to do a certain thing. Obviously you have to test the combined product to make the claim. Yeah. And if you have a product that's very effective too, like correct those 500 people minor in order, but they'll talk to their friends about it. Well, they might get something else. Or they might or my wife something like that. They might hurt health because they're cholesterol. Like, well, it fixed my liver. Now I got to fix my cholesterol. Yeah. Limer is always liver products. Always seem to mean a man too. Right. Because people want to use a prophilatically. Yeah. But this is going to be better than that. I think this is going to be good for corrections. I remember Adam was going over with me because Adam really started getting to the formula of a chair. I mean more than I did. And he was like the liver product I thought. Like I said, it was pretty insane. It was just put it turned up. Yeah. It was it's absurd. It's like maybe I put in like five times as much of the lump video that anyone else has on the market because it's so expensive. But it's got a lot of really good. Well, we one thing I've started doing is more like the business side for us. And I don't have to do with you because we've already built a relationship with I sort of interview new companies we work with and we're trying to figure out who do we want to put our effort into. I don't know if it sounds like we're like cold appreciate that. And it's not like we found the clients who actually care about what they're putting in their panel. And I just like put whatever and it will just do a TikTok marketing plan. What's just fine? That's okay. But like the likelihood of you reordering this low. Right. Right. You don't believe in it. You're just trying to do a quick hit and run. We don't really make a lot of money on the first run, especially with the R&D efforts put in and figuring out the label and going back and forth and AB testing. We start making money on the second, third, and fourth runs. That's when we're getting good at making it as well. So we have a client like you that's actually like all right. Want to make this right. How do we really do this? These are clinically proven ingredients. You got to get it. Not only is it refreshing and it's just moral and ethical. You're right. You're making medicine that you can't even call medicine because of FDA rules. But the goal is that it's medicine. You're making it in effect a product. Yeah. And so that did also to you like we just know we're likely going to have a long term relationship. So it helps us a lot. I mean that, I'm not it's not like a bit of a camera or anything, but we just really like working with people. I really believe in their products. Appreciate you. I appreciate you believing in me and taking a leap of faith in me in the first run to help me get off the ground. Remember that two years ago? But it was good. I remember the product tastes good. I think, remember tasting the cherry upstairs at the last place. And you liked it a lot. And I tasted this one actually just now before we got here today. And it was like it's so much better. Yeah. And I thought the last one was really good. Right. I did. But it just shows how we've also improved over the last few years. Yeah. It's getting better. Our stuff. It's exciting. Cool. I can't wait. So we got the TLMD supplements line and we've already ordered two, but I came up with 14 for that line. Yeah. And then this is the fifth product for Valhalla last. Yes. So pretty much after this is out, we're just going to be reordering. So what we've already got. But my plan is every 20 to 30 days putting another order in. It's slowly building up the ground. Yeah. It's the other brand. And it becomes easy, especially like when the first ones are successful. You know, to get the cash flow to help thank all the new ones and stuff like that. The excitement from the customer sitting in your product coming out. Right. I'm marketing bit. You get the deal. Like if you're doing a new product every month. That's the idea. We figure after three weeks to a month, people get sick of the ad. So it's time to have a new ad. So that's why we're rolling out each product every three to four weeks. So the next one is the S men's estrogen. And then I want to do probably the multivitamin. Then there's the sleep one, which I'm going to call coma. And then there'll be eventually there'll be the female estrogen control. And then there's cancer shield, which is the last one because it's going to have self-ferafane. And that should be expensive. And not 100 degrees. So fear of fame. Every bottle, just a self-ferafane is $14. It's the most expensive ingredient in the world. Very much. Like I had to order some for myself. A bottle of 30 caps was $90. Oh, yeah. And I can beat them. But I can sell the same exact product on my label for probably $30. That's wild. I'll never make it. I can be profit. But I can at least make sure everybody is beginning to affect the product. Yeah. That's it. That's the, all right, go ahead. So we're back up front to the loop. All right, let's, we got to get it stuff. And then we get to hit the road to try to get to New Orleans by nightfall. I mean, not nightfall by some point. Before I fast up in the wheel, I got to get somewhere. You guys trade off driving. No, we got he doesn't like driving a Tesla. And the car drives itself. So I have a, I do have a Tesla too, but I can all out of the people drive. It's just weird. Except I can't. I have a control issue with it. I just have to feel like I'm the one driving. I've been on my computer. You know, it's, I've sent a rental. I can let him drive. But I'm the years. Oh, the car, the Tesla. I don't know if you run it. I get your hand. You know, I drove it down here from shorting. Cool. Yeah. All right. Cool. I'm so hungry. I just fucking killed that. I'm still hungry. I'm ready to check in this place and spend two hours unpacking so that we can sleep for eight hours and then spend two hours packing. Such a pain. Yes. We're going to sleep. It can still Florida because I wasn't getting able to make it without eating again. And it's now that I just ate. I didn't expect that break down even now. I wanted to unpack it to place, eat the meal, then go immediately and about, but that's not happening. So we're going to walk in, unpack what we need to for the night. Go to sleep, wake up, get back on the roads. This is the sound right. Why? I don't know. This is the sound right. Yeah. It shouldn't be 81 miles. It should be. Also, it appears to be mapping us to a supercharger. Right. So that's whatever staying. I mean, if I could eat whatever I want, I could just drive for 30 hours straight enough. I'll probably get it done on one day. All right. Home sweet home for one night. But at least we're not. This will be way easier to load the car in the morning. Yeah, we're going to go and we have a table here just to stick shivon. So we don't even have to completely unload it. So much nicer. And that we can leave that open without worrying about bugs. Make holes this door. This is a really nice place. 208 bucks. That ain't shit. No, that's really not bad at all. Dude, it's a fuck. Why? If there's a plan of fitness in here, I almost feel like not even fucking leaving and just spending a week here. Guys, fucking nice place. This is so nice. God damn dude, this was two hundred and nine. How dangerous is this fucking area? It's not the hood. There's nothing here here. Look, they even put some gatories. Let me see if there's a plan of fitness because if there isn't a plan of fitness, that's the problem. Plan it. Fitness. Oh shit, there's no Wi-Fi. There, either, yeah, there is. We don't know what it is though. Yeah, no, I screwed shot at it. It's a best day, GNV closed, gamesville. All right, ones that open. 5 a.m. Monday. Yeah, and then where is it located? Directions. It's 10 minutes away. So I have to drive 10 minutes too fast to cardio, but we can actually get a leg workout in. There might be other gyms in the area, but let's get the shit out of the car. There should have been an extra rice container, but I'm not seeing it. I must not, here's the tuna. Here's my can of tuna. And here is this, we chilly thing. Tomorrow we make rice. Here is a package of rice. Here is this and here's some salt. So I can make rice tomorrow morning. This is not belong here. This belongs here. This is your phone. All right, these are going to get in the way. I don't know what this camera thing is. This is supposed to start. Where is the can opener at? Let's see if I remember to pack one. Here you go. So they chicken scissors here. I brought mine. I need to plate. Oh my god, they even lay a bit. Dishes are. God fucking damn it. Nothing might hate more than shitty can opener. That's why my own can opener. I just don't know where it is. What is the fucking toilet of a can opener that doesn't open cans? Where did I pack that fucking can opener? You gotta be fucking kidding me. There we go. Come on, you motherfucker. Nope. All right. What is this? This is a good thing that first Abe's there, it's how she just can't open the rice. What, did you cut your hand? No, I'm gonna cut off. Yeah. You know that people watch me and I can't cut your hand. What the fuck? It pieces of shit. It should be careful. There's gonna be some content in the comment section. It's gonna whine about how I'll... Well, they're gonna be like, oh, you don't need to scissors like that. And then they see that when I can use it to get into a cannon, an emergency. I packed all brand new set of canoberers. We go through about one week because they're not made very well. Alright, these are going in the trash. Just how dare they provide this crap. Now I gotta figure out where I put my onion and the salt. This is such a messy. This plate sucks because it's no lip to it. This is gonna take a while. I'm gonna give up for now because of how bad this fork is in this plate. And I'm gonna look for the other ingredients. Quack, honey, this goes over here. Alright, so before I eat, I'm gonna have to take all my pills first. Otherwise, the pills get stuck in my throat and I need the food to shove them down. So I don't even know why I started preparing this meal. Alright, so I gotta get other stuff out of the car. Alright. So this is this, this is this. This goes with this. So that meal is almost complete. I need to find the onion powder. I need to find the salt grinder. And I don't know where the onion powder is. But that's one ingredient. I think I'm gonna live without it. Let's get the tossed. Alright. Alright, these are gonna go in my bathroom. These are medications. That's my inhaler. This does not belong open. Alright. That's gonna go over my patient now. I wish this light turned out. It does. There. Okay. None of this shit is necessary. We're gonna get rid of this. We don't need the fatty food out in the open. I don't know where the fuck this is gonna go. But it doesn't belong on the table. It's in the fucking way. There. That's how the fuck it went now. Alright. Good. Alright. So this is night time. This time. night time. night time. Day time. Night time. Day time. night time. Dark time. night time. DeTech ray terminal geachi ray Multatoon geachi ray In the right time In the right time This is right time This is state paradise This is light time This is state time Little Do it again, do it again, do it again, make sure you're done. All right, we need to cut. Oh, we need two cups. One, two, right. Let's just tear it up inside the way. It's not out of the way. Okay. This there's no purpose. Okay. Today. One, two, three, four. One, two, where's the box right there? All right. This is a point to ask with the fatties. Of course, you know what? Let's see, what's it will ask? See it's funny, women like to fill space with a bunch of useless shit that gets in a way. I would if this is not efficient with a bunch of flowers and crap all over the place that I have to move. And they're looking at us right now with cameras and she's throwing a fit and he's like, honey, he's not breaking anything. He's just moving quickly. Sorry, you think they're watching us with camera? Absolutely. Absolutely. Because only a woman would make it so nice, which she puts chocolate out, because only a woman would think that making people fat is nice. A man would never put chocolate out. I'd be like a foam roller on the floor. We want to take one, we're five fucking stick all of them. Here's something you know, is that? No, it's home in. It's enough to not cut a horse. You'll sleep in the car all day tomorrow anyway, so it doesn't matter. I'll wake you up when we get to New Orleans. I want to sleep in the car if I don't take a shit-loom of sleep drive. The thing was, you don't go to sleep at all if you don't take this. I need you to go to sleep so that you can actually function. I'm going to put you on my sleep schedule this trip so that you can go to bed at a reasonable hour and wake up at a reasonable hour. There's no advantage to being an external. Time to get you. Let's go back in the car now. One pillow. Fucking weirdos. There are hundreds of fucking pillows. See, no man would do that. Waste all that space with a bunch of pillows. All right. So I need our strip. Charger, now I need the power strip. Power strip. All right. This goes here. Oh, God damn it. Oh, you even have it. What happened? These stupid assholes, they put these things here. Okay, the outlets over here. Stupid assholes covered the outlet. And then they have these end tables that servo purpose. Let's move this shit out of the way. Oh, here's a power strip right here. Cool. All right. Oh. See, if they didn't put all this crap here, you could just put the mattress up against the wall, have the power strip plugged right in. Brainless. Oh, no one knows how to be fushing. Then you can charge all your devices. Now we need CPAP. All right. So before you take your sleeping pills, you have to set up your sleep shut. Otherwise you won't be able to sleep. All right. I'm asking. I'm very familiar with how to use the propels. All right. CPAP. So I'm power. Get this out of here. All right. Here. Boom. Boom. There we go. But I don't think anybody who watches this is efficient like this. That they know how to break down and get in and out of a place this fast. All right. The what really made this place awesome was the garage that up against the kitchen. We're done. Now we can plug our phone in. We can plug in our speaker. All right. Where are they? Where are they? Nope. All right. We can put the speaker in the phone. Two and speaker. Should be in here then. Here's phone two. So speaker must be here too. Here's speaker. All right. Done. Someone says it takes two hours to do this. That person's stupid. There's not too much to do this. Plug this in. This one in. There we go. Power on. There we go. Play bitch. We didn't plug into what's the password for this place. Done. Now we got this taken care of. Sleep mask. All right. All this shit. Done. Tomorrow morning I'll pick it up. All right. Next. Medication. We want to close this shit so some like doesn't get him. Yeah, girl. This burns for that. Whoops. All right. Thanks. And check the bowls. And of course there's a place to go. We're just taking up space to listen to be in here. All right. So we're looking for a set. Well, here we go. That's one. There's a tragedy on it. Trasad on this. There you go. And here's some more set. Well, I'm here for emergencies. All right. That's one, two. Oh, no. Shake your cup is in the car, I think. Yep. Actually, you know, one of these are rich people. Let's see if they get some ice. How about this one? Nope, not that rich. Nope. What water can you pull that off? All right, good. All right. All right. Almost all of this. Black cherry. Good. Oh. It's pretty good. Need salt. I wish I knew where the onion and the parsley was. There is onion parsley and garlic in one of these containers. I don't know which one, but there's a missing. All right, let's see if it's in here. No, let's so often. We're really missing the onion parsley garlic. Where the fuck would that be? Anyway, so this is the morning. This is bedtime. All right. All right. So I think it can charge the dome, Sarah Quills, and eggs. Oh, I'm going to charge a couple hundred miles of time in here. Good. I'm going to go looking for those. Maybe they're in here. Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope. I don't know where it is. Is it in here? Nope. Let me go back and look in the car because there's all the spices in one place. It's missing. All right, so it's parsley, more salt. Here's this onion, my girl. Onion, sweet. All right. All right. Well, we'll start with this shit. Now I can eat. If I had tried to eat, and then I had put all that shit away, would it piss? Onion. One, two, three. This salt grinder can't suck. This isn't the Walmart brand one. This is a knock on a Walmart brand, which is pretty little brow if you think about it. And I keep in mind, I didn't break anything. I was just fast. I reorganized it to make it livable. Because it was, you know, it's like women like weird shit. I like efficiency. That's why me and women don't mix. Because everything's inefficient. All right, so this is very difficult to mix this with this fork. I'm going to keep trying. Normally, you could use light mayo. Oh, where's the fucking scale? God, I love me. I know you're not supposed to say that because in America you're supposed to hate yourself, because everyone's fucking emo. But sometimes I'm crushing myself. I wish my grasp was emo. Men would cut itself. How's that for instance? So notice how like this is not mashing? Because I can't really get the angle right on this. You're almost want to turn that TV on and see if Wednesday will work. Now this is taking forever. Is there a better plate than most? There you go. This is better. This plate sucks as you can't fucking mix shit with this plate. So I turned the dishwasher on. I don't hear it running though. So this didn't turn out. This is the first thing I did when I walked in was turned into this washer. How about you scanning? Yeah. I try to make my turn out. It's now the pills are causing heartbreakers or stuck in my throat. You have to take the pills and then you have to eat immediately after the rest of your heartburns can be seen. All right, you should be all set now. All right, cool. Well before you put the, yeah, pull up Wednesday. And because it was so fucking awful to sound, I couldn't tell what the fuck was going on at that last place. Perfect. All right, I'm probably going to be a little high because you're going to start. I turned it down a lot. Which of 23? No, it's on 47 I think. When? Yeah, let's go to the 23. All right. So because we're not using a fat base for this, I'm going to have to use extra of those. 68, that's a plenty. All right, so we put salt in here. I need a little bit of mustard. Did I put the mustard in here? Nope, where did I put the, where is this? A little bit. So the bitch, he's hunting to John mustard normally, but this is just hunting mustard. Now you gotta be careful with those because they put way too much sugar in this. You gotta just do a little bit there. It's enough. All right. So you're just onion, tied chili. Normally I would use late mayo. Technically this is meal five. I should only have four meals today, but this was next one day. And I didn't really have much of a meal one. Because I was supposed to have a protein shake and I didn't have it. And the first meal was not very much. It was eggs. I hadn't had eggs in six months. So that was like my thing was the free breakfast that came with the hotel. I had a few bites of eggs. I was like the shit's gross. Then I had like the bullshit excuse for yogurt. And that was meal one, which was bullshit. But I wasn't that hungry, we got on the road. I didn't care. So I really only had three normal meals today. All right. So this is what normally I would add some light mayo to this, but I don't have any. I could add oil, but it's not gonna make it any better. It's just gonna add calories. And so, okay, he's gonna dump some footage. And I don't know how long that took me to check in, but I think I was pretty efficient with getting in the door. Now I get to watch my favorite show, which we couldn't watch the last hotel because the sound was so bad. It was impossible to actually make sense of what that even was saying. And I can't read the captions because I'm too blind. And then it's it. Nothing was broken. I know it probably scared some of you. When I tore into that can with the knife, with the scissors and cut through a can with scissors, but I need to get inside this can. And nothing's gonna stop me when I want something. Also, the new and improved label, Jennifer did a great job. Our teased extraordinary. Isn't that cool? Yeah, that's really cool. Here mom does such a good job. Look at that shit. Looks fucking awesome. I'm so impressed with her. I have the best team between Kai, Karina, Jennifer, Ryan. I wouldn't be anything without these five four people. Oh, my legs don't hurt. I haven't been able to squat down like this rapidly and so long. It's because I haven't been legs and days. I gotta do legs tomorrow so I can be in pain. I feel guilty in that being in pain. Dude, this is gonna be great. Doing old-fashioned leg training where my heels can touch. I don't have to just work. I mean, I'm gonna work quad sweet, but if other things grow, all the adductors, the glutes, nothing's off limits. It's gotta bring my old-a-lower body back. All right. All right. Now I'm gonna call it, I'm gonna go down footage.